1746
THE COHGKElSSIQMAL GLOBE.
July 14,
are removed now, I believe, in most of the north-
ern States.
Mr. DIXON. I suggest a modification of my
amendment, so that it will read:
Provided, That the benefits of this act shall not extend
t«v the children,.heirs, or devisees of aliens born out of the
United States who are not entitled to citizenship, and who
are twenty-one years of age.-
• Mr. SHIELDS. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to submit to my friend from Kentucky my
views. A man goes and settles upon this land
"after declaring his intention to become a citizen of
th'e United States. He is prevented from con-
summating that intention by the act of God, by
the act of Heaven. Now, after the head of the
family has made a settlement and lodgment on
the lands, perhaps after he has cleared out a little
home, and built a little cabin, by his labor and
sweat there, you add to the condition that he shall
cultivate the land, a further provision that, after he
has done this, if he dies, his family shall be de-
prived of the little home that he has made by his la-
bor there. In my humble opinion, that will appear
to be an ungracious amendment. J see what the
honorable Senator intends; but he must act upon
some general principle.
Mr. DIXON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me a moment? He will observe that the
amendment, as it now reads, only excludes those
who are over the age of twenty-one years. Now,
would the honorable Senator be in favor of giving
the lands belonging to the United States to non-
resident aliens who have taken no oath to support
the Constitution of the country ? It might happen
that one of these persons who declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen, and settled upon the land,
might leave children in the country from which
he has immigrated, who would be hostile to the
Government and enemies to this Republic, and
who might refuse to take the oath of naturaliza-
tion, should they be entitled to the land ? I con-
fess I feel the force of the Senator's romaiks.
Mr. SHIELDS. I see that equally; but I
think that he can make the provision such that
the parties, on the death of the ancestor, should
go on the land and cultivate it, perform the condi-
tions which the ancestor obligated himself to per-
forin, and bccome citizens, or not take the land.
That, in my humble judgment, would be carrying
out the mtPftiinn,
Mr. DfXON. I will modify the amendment.
Mr. DIXON called for the yeas and nays upon
the amendment: and they were ordered.
As modified, it reads as follows:
Piovidcd, That (he benefit?, of this act shall not extend
to the children. hf*us, or devisees oi aliens horn mit of the
Untied States Who are not entitled to citizenship, nnd-who
tue twenty Oiioypnrs of ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky has still fuither modified his
amendment, so as to read:
Provided, That the benefits of this act shall not extend
to ihf children, hens, 01 d<'V!*ee< of rtliens hoin out of the
United State*, who are fwoniv one ye.ti.- ofaye, until they
t-hall file their declaration of intention to become eilizens
of the United States.
• The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badser. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown,
Butler, Clay, Clavton, Dawson. Dixon, Kvans, Fitzpatrick,
Goyei, Hunter, Johnson, INfnllorv, Msikoo, Poaroe, Pratt,
Seha'-iian, Thompson of Kentucky, and Toucey—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam->, Alien, (Muse, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Podge of jfowa, Kir-h, Foot, Gillette, Jam*'-., Jones
of Iowa, Jonea of T<>nnp««ee Nom« , I'etm, Seward,
Shield.-*, Stuart, Wade, Walker, Weller, and Williams—i20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware to strike out
the sixth section, I desire to offer an amendment,
to perfect that section. -It is to add an additional
proviso, as follows:
ylnd provided further, That foreign born persons who
fail to become citizens within five years fiom the date of
their declaration of intention to become so, bhall lose all
rights utidei this act.
I simply wish to remark that the amendment
carries out the idea which I expressed the other
day in debate with my friend from Alabama. I
then expressed the opinion that if a foreigner re-
sided upon the land for five years, and failed to
take out his naturalization papers, he could not
receive the title, because, not being a citizen, he
could not get it. The Government would refuse
to hold up the land any longer, and lie would
necessarily lose all rights under it. I find, in con-
versation with Senators, for whose opinions I have i
.a great respect, that they differ from me aSout that
construQtio'n. I have no intention of allowing a
foreigner to settle down on the public lands, and
remain there ten, fifteen, twenty, or fifty years, if
,he chooses, without becoming a citizen, 1 want
•'the people, when they come here, to take out nat-
uralization papers,as prescribed bylaw,and espe-
cially if they come' under the benefit of an act like
this. All i mean by this amendment is simply
that a man shall settle upon the land if he chooses
to make a declaration of intention to become a
citizen, and perfects that declaration by actually
becoming a citizen.
Mr. PETTIT. "Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion before he takes his seat, which,
perhaps, he may answer? The objection which
I have to the amendment is not to its substance,
but to its form. If it were extended to six years,
I should have no objection to it.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. PETTIT. Just allow me one moment for
explanation, and then, when the Senator under-
stands me, if 1 .im wrong, I may be corrected.
Our naturalization laws n+;w first require that a
foreigner, upon landing, shall make ins declara-
tion ; but that is always waived, and he is notlim-
ited, but he can stay ten years, or five years, or
one year, and then make it; but they lequire that
he shall have been here five years befoie he can
take out final naturalization papers. What is the
result ? If he comes here, then, under that provis-
ion, as the Senator now has it, and stays two days,
or one day even, before he files his declaration of
mtention, he will be postponed two days beyond
five years from the time he comes here, and the
result will be, as the Senator will see, that he wiH
lose all his improvements because he cannot be
naturalized within five years after coming here.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to the Senator that
he is mistaken. The party must make his decla-
ration of intention before he can enter upon the
land; then his five years commence running. He
remains five years upon the land heforp he can get
out his papers; but I do not care, if it will be any
gratification to the Senator, to put in six years.
All that I want is a limit.
Mr. PETTIT. iam perfectly willing to agree
to the amendment, if six years are inserted.
Mr. SHIELDS, i will suggest that the amend-
ment would be better if it provided that that should
be the case on the expiration of the five yeats. if
his not perfecting his citizenship was by his own
neglect. There might not be a court convenient
for htm to takeout his papers.
Mr. BROWN. There will always be a court
somewhere. I will modify the amendment by
making it read six years.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment,as it still
stands, I think is open to objection. According to
my reading of it, its effect will be this: suppose a
foreigner to be now in the United States, who is
in a condition to become a citizen, but has not yet
carried out perfectly his intention to become one.
The five years have elapsed; that is, he has de-
clared his intention more than five years. If the
amendment is adopted, he would come within the
exception, and could not take the benefit of the
law, though subsequently he should take out his
papers, because the six years may have already
expired. There are many coses of that kind;
there are many persons in the United States who
have declared their intention, but have not become
citizens; it often happens from ignorance, and
sometimes from other causes.
Mr. BROWN. I see the force of the Senator's
remark, and 1 will modify the amendment so that
it shall read six years from the time of entry on
the land.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the " noes"appeared to have it.
My. BROWN. If there is any controversy
about it, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 9; as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown, Butier,Cass, Clay, Clay-
ton,Dawson, Duon. Evans-, Fi>h, Fitzpatrick, Foot" Geycr,
Hamlin, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Ma&on,
Noiris, Pearce,'Pettit, Piatt, Ru*k, Sebastian, Shields,
fehdell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, Writer,
and William*—-37.
NAYS—-Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Fessenden, Gillette, Jones of Iowa, Seward, Sumner,
and Wade—9.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a proposition to of-
fer, to amend the sixth section. -By the terms of
that-section, foreigners coming inco the country
and declaring their intention to become natural-
ized are to be entitled to enter upon land, and to
take out their patent at the end of five years. They
are political minors. By the first section of the bill,
the children of American citizens are not allowed
to enter on land until they reach the age of twenty-
one years. The object of my amendment is to en-
title native-born citizens of the United States, who
have not yet reached the age of twenty-one, to
make their entries; provided, however, they shall
not receive their patents until they reach the age
of twenty-one. There are many young men m
the country, orphans as well as children of parents
still living, who, at the age of seventeen, eighteen,
nineteen, or twenty, are perfectly competent to
cultivate the soil. The bill deprives them of the
opportunity of so doing, and makes them wait
four or five years before they can make their first
entry. My proposition is to allow them to make
an entry at any time when they are able, physi-
cally, to go upon the soil and cultivate it; leaving
them without their title until they have attained
the age of twenty-one years, and have cultivated
the land five years. The amendment is in these
words:
And if any person born in the United Stat<*3 shall, before
arriving at the age of twenty one year*, make application
for the benefit ol this act, he bhall be entitled iheieto. Pio-
vulcd, houcucr,That no patent shall i«sue in favor of suofi
applicant befoie be s-ha.lt have attained the age of twenty-
one years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee The object of that
amendment is certainly obvious to every Senator.
It proposes that any child who is able to go to the
land office, and make application for a grant of
land, shall r ceive the benefits of the act.
Mr. CASS. Is the age limited ?
Mr. JONH0, of Tennessee. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator misappre-
hends the amendment. The party is not excluded
from the condition to reside upon and cultivate
the land.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly not;
theie is no age fixed for the applicant at all. If
he is ten years of age he may go and settle upon
one hundred and sixty acres of land; and if he re-
mains five years, he is to get a patent.
Mr. BEN J AM1N. Not until lie arrives at the
age of twenty-one years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well; he
secures his point It must be obvious to every
Senator that the intention of the amendment, and
of moat of the amendments offered, is to embarrass
the bill and defeat it in the end. A man has ten
children; they are all over six years of age, or of
any age which enables them to walk, or crawl, or
to be earned to the land oifice; and they make
application for one hundred and sixty acres of
land. The father carries the child, settles him
down there, occupies the land until he is twenty-
one years of age, and then he gets a patent for
one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And why not?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why not? Simply
because it defeats the purpose and intention of this
bill. I have a word to say to the friends of the
bill. If they intend to carry it out in good faith,
according to hs intention and purpose, they must
learn now, from the tactics which we have seen,
to stand up and resist these attacks which are made
upon it. I am for the bill in good faith; and when
the Senator from Michigan yielded the first point,
I felt that he was yielding a great deal. The mo-
ment you admitted an amendment at all, in my
judgment, that moment sealed the fate of the bill;
and now we are to have this amendment, and
every other sort of amendment, when the Senator
from Louisiana, as I know he will honestly tell
you, will vote against the bill, even if the amend-
ment is put upon it. Senators need not deceive
themselves; they mean to destroy this bill by de-
tails, and by all sorts of chapparel fighting;. They
put on all sorts of amendments which strike the
prejudices or the passions of the country. Know-
Nothingism is put on one side, Native American-
ism is put on, and Poreignism, and every sort of
ism in the world, with a view to vote at the last
against the bill. There is not a man who has of-
fered an amendment who does not mean, in the
end, to vote against the bill, although every amend-
ment offered should be attached to it.
Mr. DIXON. I would ask the Senator if he
