1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I would gratify my
cnliensue, but the Committee on Waysand Means
have before them now two resolutions of the char-
acter of his proposition.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; and
even suggestions cannot be permitted, if objection
is made, under the previous question.
The roll was called; and there were—yeas 98,
nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barry, Belcher, Benson, Boyee, Bridges,
Caruthers, Chandler, Clark, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Curtis,
Cutting, Tho*. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dick, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Dium, Edgwrton, Kdmand«, Ellison, Everhart, Farley,
Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Fuller,
Goodrich, Crow, Hamilton, Hastings, Haven, Hibbard,
Hillvei, Houston, Howe, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jone«, George W. Jone?, Kid well. Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher,
Lilly, Lmd-ley, McCulloch, Macdonald, Me\atr, Mafte-
son, Sleacham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Million, Mor-
rison, Mmiay, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Peck, Pennington,
Bishop l'eikin'J, Phelps, Prnigle, David Ritclne, Robbm-,
Itowc, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Seymour, Shower, Simmonds,
Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Stratton, Stivuib, John J. Taylor,
John L. Taylor, Thur-ton, Tracy, Trout, Uphain, Vail,
Yansant, Wade, Walbndge, Walker, Walloy, Wal-h,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel 13. Wnght,
and Ilendrick B. Wright—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen
A«he, Banks, Barks-dale, Benton, Jii-ssell, Bocock, Breck-
intidge, Brooks, Campbell,Chambeilain. Chase, Olut-man,
Church welt, Chngman, Cobb, Cook, Craige, Cullmn, John
G. Davis, De Witt,*I)owdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Lddv, Ld-
mundfcOn, Enehsh, Etheridge, Ewing, (Jiddingss, Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J. Marian, Sampson W.
Hauls, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hendricks, tlenn, Hill,
llnnt, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kno*, Lane, Latham,
T.indlev, McMulhn, McUueen, Mace, Macv, Maurice,
Maxwell, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds, Moidecsu Oliver,
Orr, Parker, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Pur-
year, Ready, Reese, Riddle, Uotreii-, Ituffin, Sapp, Sewaid,
Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, Geoige W. Siujtli, Snodgia^s,
Frederick P. Stanton, Uichaid 11. Stanton, Ilestoi L. Ste-
vens, Andiew Stuait, Warren, Elhhu B. Wa-hburne,
Wells, John Wentvvorth, Westbiook, Yates, and Zolli-
cofter—91,
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker ■
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
privileged question.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to move a recon-
sideration of the vote just taken, by which (he
resolution was laid on the table; and that the latter
motion be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD "RILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
propose the following resolution, and move to
suspend the rules in order to enable me to ofl'er it:
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 1, "to encomaire agricul-
ture, eommeiee, and manutactures and all other bianches
ol industry, and for yrantmg to evety man who i-the head
of a family and a citizen ot the lTmted States a homestead
of one hundred and sixtv acre" of land out of the public ddr
mam, on condition ofoccupaney and cultivation ot the same
foi the penod herein spccilied, and to Graduate and reduce
the price ot public land"* ; *' and House bill No. 3"/," a bill to
encourage agneultme, commerce, and manufacture.-, and
all other blanches ot indn-try, by granting !<> eu-iy man
who i* tiie head of a tamily and a citizen ot the United
States a home-lead of one Inmdied and sixty acres ol land
out of the public domain, on condition ot occupanev and
cultivation of the sime for the period herein -pet llied/' bp
the special order ot the day m the oider in which they weie
repot tod to the Jlou-e, tor Tuesday, 1*1 th ot t ebiuai y ne vt,
and for each suecessivo day (private bill days excepted)
tiil deposed of'
Reiolreii, That all debate upon said special order or
bills --hall terminate in tiie Committee of the \\ h<de on the
Mate of the Union, at three o'clock p. in., on Tuesday, the
2M of February next, when the committee -hall proceed
to vote on the pending amendment*, such a- maybe ottered
to said bill-; alter which the committee shall use and report
to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair proposes that, by
unanimous consent, the House take a single vote
on the adoption ofthe resolution, if carried by two-
thirds •
A Member. I object.
The SPEAKER. If the resolutions were carried
by a vote of two thirds it would work a suspen-
- sion of the rules. The gentleman might object, at
any rate. I only mention it for the convenience
of the House.
The question was then put on the motion to
suspend the rules, and the Speaker announced
105 votes in the affirmative.
Mr. COBB. I move that the yeas and nays be
called, on the motion to suspend.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The roll was then called, and there were—yeas
138, nays 53; as follows;
YEAS— Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apploton,
Banks, Belcher, Benton, Bi«sell, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Campbell, Carpenter, C'aruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chase, Chrism in, Chuicluvell, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Cor-
win, Cox, Culiom, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas iMvis,
Dawson, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Drum, Easstm.ui,
Eddy, Edgerton, Elliott, Ellison, English, Etheridge, Far-
ley, Fenton, Florence, Giddings, Goodrich, Green, Green-
wood, Grey, Grow, Andrew J. Ilarlan, Wiley P. Harris,
Harrison, Hastings, Hendricks, Heun, Houston, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Inger&oll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, Knox, Kurt/, Lane, Latham, Lilly, Lindley,
Lindsley, Lyon, McCullocli, IMcDougal, McMulhn, Mc-
Nair, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maurice, Maxwell, Mayall,
Meacham, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Murray, Nichols,
Noble, Norton, Olds, Andrew Olivet, Mordecai Oliver,
Packer, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Preston, Pringle, Ready,
Richatdson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Bobbins, Rowe, Rus-
sell, Sabm, Sapp, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Skelton,
Gerrit Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Ifestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John
1 J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, fjpltam, Vail,
1 Vansant, Wade, Walbudge, Walker, Walsh, Wanen, Flli-
hu B. Wasbburne, WelN, John Wentworth,Tappan Went-
woith, Westbiook, Wheeler, Witte, Ilenduek B. Wright,
Yates, and ZoIlioolTer-—-1,^.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe, Thomas If.
Bavly, Baik-dale, Barry, Benson, Bocock, Brooks, Cling-
uian, Colquitt, Craige, Cioeker, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dun-
bar, Ivlm.mds, Fauikuei, Flagler, Fianklin, Fuller, Goode,
Hamilton, Sampson W. Hams, Haven, Hibbard, Hill,
liilher, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kuhvcll, Lamb, Letch-
er, McQueen, Million, Murn-on, Oir, Bishop Perkins,
John Perkins, Powell, Piatt, Puryear, Reese, Kogeis,
Ruffiu, Seward, Se\ mour, Shaw, Gconre W. Smyth, Snod-
gruss, VYalley, and Daniel B. Wr i ht--;>3.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now introduce
the resolution which has been read, and ask the |
previews question upon its adoption. I
Mr. ORR. 1 rise to a question of order. The
gentleman proposes to terminate debate upon tins 1
bill at a particular time. The Committee of the
Whole have not yet considered it; and I think,
according to precedent, the House cannot close
debate upon a bill until it has been considered m
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order, ns the suggestion would interfere
with the object of the resolution to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES. We are now acting under a sus-
i pension of the rules.
The previous question'was then seconded, and
the mam question otdered to be put.
The main question being, <{ Shall the resolution
be adopted ? "
Mr. EIILLYER called for the yeas and nays
theieon.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then, taken ami decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote last
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. ZOLLICOEKER presented the following
resolution, which was read by the Cierk:
Rr\olre<l, That the Cotuimtt'-e on Milnai v Ailai!;- be in-
stl lie ted to Jiiqun e into tin t \ |h dnmey and pi u-!i'\tbihty of
c^tabii-lim^ a btaneh ot the Militarv Academy o| the
United States at tin' lleumta^e, in the State ot Tenm-hce.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution, and there were on a division—ayes.'te,
noes not counted.
So the resolution was rejected.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS, F,TC.
Mr. READY", in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions:
" A bill to amend the several acts of Congress
allowing and continuing to widows of deceased
officers and soldiers of the United States half pay,
in certain cases, for a specified time,"
ST F.AM FRIGATES.
Mr. Z0LL1C0FPER offered a resolution,
which was read by the Cleric, as follows:
| Retolve<!, That the Hou-c lull (\To. f>3) entitled "A bill
' to auliion/.e the eon-t) uction'ol mv ilt>t-''la-s ,-t< ,unti?. and
I for othet purpose-,5' be made the ^pcnal order o! the day,
■ m the Committee of the Whole, lor Thu^day, the iOtli day
! of January instant, and lor each Micee-Mve dav rhereaftei,
i private bill d<t>& excepted, until the same s-haH be eon-
\ eluded.
! Mr. BOCOCK. That resolution has been offered
i by my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicof-
j fer] at my request. 1 have nothing to say at this
! stage of the proceedings, but I hope the House
will make it a special order, for the time specified
in the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] if he in-
tends to press that matter, make some limitation
as to the time in which it shall be disposed of; for
when debate of that character arises everything
else is cut off.
Mr. JIOCOCK. I am perfectly willing to agree
to any reasonable limitation that the gentleman
may ask for, but it can be done at any time.
When the House goes into Committee of the
Whole to consider the bill, if there is anything
like a disposition upon the part of the committee
to spend too much time in its consideration, a res-
olution can be offered by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, or any other gentleman, to limit the debate.
Such a resolution can be offered at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend knows very well
that the proper time to close debate upon any sub-
ject is before the steam gets up. When we once
get under way in the discussion of a matter like
this it is almost impossible to limit debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call both of the gentle-
men to oider.
Mr. WH EELER. I object to the introduction
of the resolution. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has already offered one resolution.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late.
Mr. BISSELL. I do not wish to debate this
matter, but merely desire to say that I am not
awate there is any reason why such peculiar priv-
ilege should be given to this bill.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the ievolution; and there were—ayes GG, noes
not counted; so the rules were not suspended.
THE DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to offer the
following resolutions.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Whereas, m ihe opinion of this Ilou^e the ttue policy of
liie Government ot the United State1*, in disposing 0l" lllc
public land-, icqmres that they should be disposed ot in
Mich maunci a- be-t to iacihtutc the mtleincnt thereof,
and the em,)mercial inteie-t^ of the nation : And wliere-
a-^in the pidj/inent o! tlu< House both of these impoifant
en<h will be b<M attained by grautui" donations ot land to
actual settler*, and by making such appropilations thereof,
to aid m the eomti uetion ot m ch railroads as are of a
leading national character, as may c«me clearly wnhm
tin: e\ei(. i<e ol the constitutional power-* of the General
(Jovei indent—to which cla-s of raihoadswo think these
belong—which shall extend from the States Iving on the
e:i*if -tde ot the .Rocky Mountains, to those which are, or
her calter may be, organized on the west side of said mount-
ain-: Theretoie,
Jiesolrctly That the. Committee on Public Lands be in-
-tiuUed to impure into the evpedieuey ot' reporting a bill
to the House, embtacmg the following features, to u it:
1. To pi ovule tor the prosecution of such suiveys by the
Oenetal Government, of railroad loutcs to commercial
points, in the States nnd Tei) itoi ies on the west side of the
Rocky Mountains, as may alreadv have been commenced;
and -neb additional survrysa* may be necessary to determ-
ine the pi ac tieabihty of constructing one or more railroads
of the ehaiaeici above described, and tor the completion
ot -ueh -ui\e\- to the peile< tion and establishment ot rail-
road lines peun.inenth . not e\cee<fmg three m number, on.
do; nio-i praeiieable, suitable and direct routes alore-aid.
To piovide lei a grant, by donation, of one hundred
and' si\iv acie- ol land, to be -elected m quarier sections,
equal to* lour qn.otor section-, out of each three, sections,
to each actual settler, within toity miles on each side of the
railroads heiemaiter mentioned, in such manlier as the
J're-ulent nm\ dmct. with the proper ^tactions as to the
time ot settlement and cultivation, the character of persons
who may avail themselves of such grant*, and the mode of
perlecting -ueh  rant-, and such othei provisions as may
be deemed uecesssuy to j ive each settler a permanent home-
stead.
.'3. To provide for the incorporation of companies upon
sui h condition-. <t> shall enable them to avail themselves of"
the provision-; herematter named—one or more on each of
' said line-s oi railroad. No one company, however, to be
iru ot poratcd tor the eon-trucnon of lt>s than one bun area
■ mile- road, and toi th<' whole extent of such road or loads,
to be laid oif into divisions of one hundred mile* each.
. 4. To piovide that the shares of stock in onch or feOtd
Cdiniiiiim.', Xlinll l f .V201I each. TJi.it when any holder■of A
i shai<'ot suid stock shall produce the piopcr cerUHcaU,*,
' n«-i*--arv to show that he has paid, in caMi, or lb honu Jule
! , ' t[ . tl)ii thereof—that the same ha-? been
K "«cl oo...tn,cuo,, and
i nl'llUca J.imad and that -sucli raiiioad is tin-
d in 11 aetual opeiatioi. th.ou?hout an entire niv^ion
iMud and 11 actu l holier oC stock, i'P n the prn-
ot one huuditd i ..U(.s tu tjie proper department of the
dueLion o, 'eaetl"net. ofi-lock, l.ec.utlod
n^'Tand wa'rrai'it tor one Inmdred and sixty acres of laud,
J,,V of the liiioecnpied land IwrcinHlu r .ipprop, uted
"1 the manner, and snl.jeet tu the re-
to that purpose, and m the
liert'tnafter provided
St"0''/"oniov,de'for tli'e flee grant to such companies, of the
'k, m- n.iv foi such railroad or road-, tinoughout the
whole extent (Hereof, over the pnl.he domain, of suffieient
w dt 1 for a double hack road; and also lor reserving at
