1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
able Sen&torfrom Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] declared,,
that he did so because he saw it would gajo
strength for the bill. The very gentleman who
offered the amendments for which the Senator
from Michigan voted, has now announced that he
will not vote for the bill under any circumstances.
In this manner the friends of the bill have been
induced to put upon it the amendments that have-
been adopted, and which are to send it back to the
House of Representatives. 1 have seen bills
under consideration before, but I have generally
seen it tolerated on the part of Senators on the
other side of the Chamber to put the question to a
gentleman who offers an amendment, " It your
amendment is adopted, will you vote for the bill ?"
And if it is announced, " No, I will not vote for
the bill," the cry is, "Down with his amend-
ment;" and they never think of adopting it. But
now, it seems, it has become a great parliament-
ary crime, a great offense, to ask such a ques-
tion. The friends of the bill are to swallow all
amendments anyhow, and to get it into apposi-
tion in which neither they nor any one else de-
sire to see it pass ! For one, if this amendment
be adopted, I care not how soon the bill goes on
the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I modify my amendment
by inserting after the word " person," the words
,(of the age of sixteen years and upwards," so
that it shall read, "if any person of the age of
sixteen years and upwards, born in the United
States,shall," &c.
Mr. CLAV. I shall vote for the amendment,
and I shall vote for it in as good faith as it was
offered. Now, the simple question presented is,
whether we will extend to native-born minors the
same privileges which are extended to foreign
born minors, for this section does not fix the age
at which the foreigner shall be entitled to its ben-
efits. It admits those who are minors, as well as
those who are adults. Unlike the Senator from
Tennessee, and the Senator from Wisconsin, I
am not inclined to extend greater benefits and
privileges to foreign minors than to native minors.
Hence, I will vote for the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. In my opinion, the section
does not admit of that construction.
Mr. CLAY. It seems to me that it can admit
of no other construction than that which I have
put on it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The foreigner, before he can
obtain the benefit of the act, must be able to file a
declaration of intention to become a citizen, and
that requires, as a prerequisite, that he shall be
twenty-one years of age.
Mr. CLAY. No, sir; by no means, according
to my reading of the naturalization laws.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment; which were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Radger, Bayard,
Benjamin, Brodliead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Daw-
eon, Dixon, Douglas, Evans, Fiizpatriek, Geyer, Hamlin,
Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Noma, Pearee, Pratt, Rockwell.
Thompson of Kentucky, and Williams—26.
HAYS—Messrs. Allen, Cass, Cliasc, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
' Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weliei—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I have adverted heretofore to the
fact that the word "now," in the expression
" now a resident," in the sixth section, is indefi-
nite; and that if it does admit of the interpretation
of the friends of this bill, as applying to the time
of the passage of the act, still the lull is defective
in this: that it does not require of the foreign res-
ident that he should make any oath that he was
a resident at the time. Nor is there any provision
to test the question whether he was a resident at
• the time of the passage of the bill or not. You
may look through the entire bill, and you will
find thatthereis no provision of that kind. Now,
I propose to fix, beyond all question, what the
friends of this bill say they contemplate, and that
is providing for those who are residents at the
time of the passage of the bill; and also to provide
a means for proving that when they come to make
their application for the benefits of this act. I
propose to do so by amending the sixth section,
by striking out the word "have," in the fourth
line, and inserting " produce evidence of having,
previous to the passage of this act," so that the
clause will read " but, at the time of making such
application for the benefit of this act, shall pro-
duce evidence of having, previous to the passage
of this act, filed a declaration of intention" &c.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 intended to introduce an
amendment of a somewhat similar character;and
if the Senator from Alabama will accept a modifi-
cation which I wish to propose, I shall vote with
him on this question. I think there would be a
hardship in requiring a previous declaration;1 and
I think it would be better to insert the words
"who shall have filed, within sixty days from
the passage of this act, a declaration of intention,"
&c. I think there ought to be some record proof
of the residence of the party required within a
reasonable time after the passage of this act. The
amendment of the Senator from Alabama, how-
ever, would perhaps deprive many persons who
are now herefrom the opportunity of making a
declaration. If the Senator from Alabama will
accept my amendment, I will vote with him on
this question.
Mr. PETTIT. The word " passage " should
be changed to "approval." The date of its ap-
proval will always be carried on the face of the
bill; but some difficulty might be occasioned by
raising questions as to the time of the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to suggest on that
subject that, under the Constitution, the passage
of a bill and the approval of a bill are one and
the same thing; because the Constitution says that,
before a bill passes into a law, it shall be approved
by the President.
Mr. PETTIT. The expression of the Consti-
tution is, " before it become a law."
Mr. BADGER. That makes no difference.
The day of the approval of the bill is the day of
its passage
Mr. SLIDELL. Does the Senator from Ala-
bama accept my amendment?
Mr. CLAY. At the suggestion of somefriends
who object to it, I decline accepting it, and adhere
to my own amendment. On that I ask for the
yeas an'd nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall be constrained to vote
against the amendment of my friend from Ala-
bama, because I really do not perceive that the
word " now" creates any difficulty whatever. I
do not see that the word " now" can refer to any
other possible time than the time when this bill be-
comes a law, if it ever does. I do not think there
is any other time to which it can legally be referred
than the time when the bill becomes a law. It can
have no other meaning that I can see in reading
the passage, and therefore I do not think the
amendment is necessary.
Mr. CLAY. 1 wish to make this suggestion
to my friend from Delaware: Admit that he be
right, and that it can refer to no other time than
the date of the approval of the bill by the Presi-
dent, still, if he will examine the bill, he will find
no provision made'in it whereby the fact is to be
ascertained that the applicants are now residents.
My amendment proposes that when they make
application for the benefit of this act, they shall
file, with the application, evidence of the fact that
they had declared their intention to become citi-
zens previous to the passage of the act.
Mr. BAYARD. I thought the objection to the
clause which restricted the right of entry to for-
eigners now in the United States was, that it
would give rise to frauds, but the Senate have
voted down any amendment of that kind. If the
object be to guard against frauds, under this bill,
in obtaining evidence, then I think the amendment
ought to go somewhat further, and provide be-
fore whom the evidence is to be taken, and by
whom the authority of that evidence is to be de-
cided.
There should be something as to the mode of
evidence. The language of the amendment is
" produce evidence." To whom? What class
of evidence? It leaves all in uncertainty. I
think it would be better to make the amendment
more specific as to the character of the evidence,
if you require any, and the designation of the
officer before whom it is to be produced. I think
both are requisite.
Ntr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will suggest to the
Senator from Alabama to insert the words, " sat-
isfactory to the register and receiver of the proper
land office."
Mr. CLAY. 1 was about to make that sug-
gestion in reply to the remark of the Senator from
Delaware, and I accept that modification.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to say to my friend from
Alabama, that I think the amendment which I
proposed more fully accomplished his object. It
restricts the grants to foreigners who shall file
within sixty days after the passage of the act, their
declaration of intention. That can oi.ly be filed
before a court of record, and therefore 1 require
the evidence on which alone he would be admitted
(B citizenship, when the proper time came for his
final certificate. My amendment is offered in
good faith. I do not wish that any persons who
are not now within the limits of the United States
should be enabled to produce proof of their being
residents at the time of the passage of this bill. I
propose to allow all now here the period of sixty
days, within which they will be compelled to file
their declaration. I really think it is a more effi-
cient amendment than that offered by my friend
from Alabama. If the section were amended, as
I propose, it would read in this way: "Any in-
dividual now a resident of any one of the States
or Territories, and not' a citizen of the United
States, but who shall have filed within sixty days
from the passage of this act a declaration of in-
tention, as required by the naturalization laws,
shall be put upon the same footing as others. It
appears to me that* that is a more stringent pro-
vision than the one offered by the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. CLAY. It does not provide that they
shall produce evidence, it seems to me.
Mr. SLIDELL. The evidence is the declara-
tion of intention before a competent court—pre-
cisely the evidence that would be required when the
alien came to perfect his papers and obtain his
naturalization certificate.
Mr. CLAY. But you do not provide that they
shall produce that evidence before the register.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do.
Mi. CLAY. Then I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama, as modified at the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana.
Mr. WADE. If the amendment prevails, it
seems to me that the benefits of this bill will be
extended only to such as file this declaration
within sixty days from the passage of the act;
and of course after the sixty days pass away,
those who have not complied with this provision
will be forever afterwards barred from the privi-
leges of the act; so that it will not have a very
extensive operation.
A Senator. So much the better.
Mr. WADE. It is better for those who do not
want any homestead bill. I simply wish to have
that understood.
Mr. STUART. I really hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I would ask in all sincerity,
why there is any more necessity for requiring
record evidence of a man's residence in the country,
than there is for requiring record evidence of his
age. If he files his declaration, you have to take
his own statement in respect to his age. In many
of our States you will find it to be true—it is so in
the State of Michigan—that men have resided there
for years, are entitled to hold real estate,are entitled
to the right of suffrage, are entitled to every right
that the native-born citizen is, but yet are not citi-
zens of the United States, and never have filed a
declaration of intention to become such. Now, sir,
one of these persons may have lived in our State
for thirty years; and yet, if he sells his farm and
wishes to avail himself of the provisions of this
act, he cannot do it, under this amendment, un-
less he now goes within sixty days and' files a
declaration of intention to become a citizen. That
is the requisition of the amendment. Why, it
seems to be supposed that that is a necessary
character of evidence, to show that he is a resident
at the passage of the act. I say you should no
more require that to be proved by record evidence,
than his age or anything else. If such an objec-
tion exists as the Senator from Alabama supposes,
that the bill as it now stands does not require that
the applicant shall swear he was.a resident at the
time of the passage of the act, why, introduce an
amendment requiring it? Let him be compelled
to swear he was a resident; but do not cut off, as
you would cut off by this amendment, at least
ninety-nine out of every hundred of all the resi-
dents in the United States who are now notnatur-
