180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
least sufficient' width of land, along such railroad or roads,
for a free common wagon road, of such construction as
Congress may at any time heieafter provide tor, with the
privilege of crossing such railroad or roads therewith, at
any points winch may be found necessary, and requiring
such company or companies to construct the neces&ary
crossings?; and to provide for such other reservations as the
public interests may require.
6. To provide for the surveying into townships, sections,
and quarter sections, in the manner in which public lands
are now surveyed, of the public lands, to the distance of
at least forty miles on each side of such right ot way and
reservations, and for the reservation of every sixteenth sec-
tion for schools; and also for such other reservations for
educational and such other purposes as the public interests
may require, in conformity with the present policy of the
Government in these particulars.
7. To piovide for the application of the preemption laws
to that portion of the said lands, forty miles each side of said
railroad oi roads, which shall not have been designated by j
the President, for donation to actuol setilers, as herein above j
provided, for the protection of the rights of such of the !
stockholders in each of said companies, as shall, by actual '
settlement and improvement thereon, en title them selves to a
preemption claim; as also the rights of such preemptors as
may have settled upon the residue, or every third quartei
section thereof, herein reserved by the United States.
8. To provide tor the loration, upon one hundred and
sixty acres of said land, so surveyed, forty miles on each
side of said railroad, or roads, to be selected in quarter
sections, equal to four quarter sections, out of each three ;
sections, of each land warrant is«ued upon each share of j
raihoad stock, as above provided, in such manner as the 1
President may direct, with the proper provisions for the j
protection of the interests and rights of those who may en-
title themselves to prefeience in such location, by virtue of
their preemption claims as above provided; each holder
of such land wanants being authorized to locate the same,
upon any of the unoccupied portion of said lands set apart
for this purpose, only within the lumts of the length of that
division of said railroad, or roads, within which the certifi-
cates of stock shall have issued, upon which such warrants
shall have been granted ; and preference in such location
shall be given, in the order of the date of the payment, as
aforesaid, of each ofsuch shares of stock.
9. To provide for the manner in which several compa-
nies, upon each or either of said lines of railroad, shall so
consol'daie the service thereof as best to suhseive the pub-
lic interests: and facilitate the movement and convenience
of the rolling machinery thereon; and also for the resei va-
tion, m the General Government, of the power to establish,
from time to time, a maximum tariff of rates of toll, within
which said companies shall be limited. And al«o to piovide j
for the reservation of the perpetual right of the United States
to transport their mails upon all such railroads free of
charge. :
10. To provide for the extinguishment of Indian titles
along such railroads, and upon the lands to be surveyed as
afoiesaid.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I will suggest that !
the resolution is simply one of inquiry relative to i
a proposition upon which we shall be speedily i
called to act. I trust that the objection which has
been made will be withdrawn, and that the reso-
lution will go to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. BOYCE. I withdraw the motion which I
submitted to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OP INDIANA.
Mr. MACE obtained the floor.
Mr. RIDDLE. I rise to what I deem to be a
privileged question. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Engraving to submit a resolution to
the House. I have been waiting for some days
for an opportunity to do so.
The SPEAKER. The State of Indiana is now
being called upon for resolutions. The gentle-
man from Indiana having been recognized by the
Chair, he will, under the circumstances, be en-
titled to the floor for the present.
Mr. MACE, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill of the following title; which was
read a first and second time by its title:
" A bill to divide the State of Indiana into two
udicial districts, and to provide for holding the
circuit and district courts therein."
Mr. MACE. My friend and colleague wishes
to propose an amendment to the provisions of the
bill. After it has been adopted,! shall move a
reference of the bill to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. ENGLISH. There is an amendment I
should like to see made to this bill. No place is
fixed in the bill for the holding of courts in the
southern circuit. I think New Albany is obvi-
ously the place which should be selected, and I
make that motion, and hope my colleague will con-
sent to it. •
Mr. MACE. I accept my colleague's amend-
ment. =
The bill was then referred to the Committee on j
the Judiciary. ;
MAPS AND DRAWINGS ACCOMPANYING THE
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Engraving to submit the following res-
olution for the adoption of the House:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be, and
they are hereby, authorized to contract for the engraving
and printing of the maps and drawings accompanying the
President's message for nine hundred and thirty copies;
also the maps accompanying the Report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Laud Office for five hundred extra
copies: Provided, That the cost shall not exceed the sum
of $900.
Mr. R. said: I am instructed by the committee
to state that the resolution simply provides for the
engraving only of maps and drawings for the
numbers of the messages of the President which
are bound for the use of members.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire,Mr. Speaker,
to know whether it is in order, while the State of
Indiana is being called upon for resolutions, to
submit a report, from a committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on En-
graving is privileged under the rules to submit
reports at any time. The gentleman from Dela-
ware is in order in submitting th'e resolution which
has just been read.
Mr. RIDDLE. The resolution simply pro-
vides for the engraving of the maps and plates for
the copies which are bound for our libraries and
the individual members. The committee found
that to engrave the maps and plates for the whole
number of copies of the message would consume
more than one half of theamount appropriated for
that purpose. All consume about thirteen thou-
sand. The resolution provides that about one
thousand shall be printed, which will consume
eight hundred and iifty or nine hundred.
The question was then put; and the resolution
was adopted.
PENSIONS TO SURGEONS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced the following bill; which
was read a fust and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions:
" A bill extending theprovisionsof the pension
and bounty land laws now in force, so as to in-
clude surgeons who served in the Mexican war
under contracts with the commandants of regi-
men ts."
Mr. HENDRICKS, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by Us title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds:
44 An act to erect in the city of Indinapolis, in
the State of Indiana, a United States court-house
and land office."
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I have an amend-
ment to that bill which I beg leave to offer.
The Clerk read the amendment; as follows:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That the further sum of
 dollars be appropriated for the constiuction of a
suitable building for the distributing post office at the city 01 j
Vmcenne^, in the Staff of Indiana; the said appropriation,
and thfi erection ofsaid building, to he under the control and
direction ot the President of the United States.
Mr. MILLER. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post iloads.
The SPEAKER. I would inform the gentle-
man that a motion is pending to commit the bill j
and amendment to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds; and unless objected to, they j
will be so committed.
No objection was made, and they were so re-
ferred. • |
INDIANA BONDS.
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana, in pursuance of pre- ,
vious notice introduced the following bill; which ■
was read a first and second time by its title, and i
referred to the Committee on Claims: i
" A bill authorizing the Secretary of War and (
the Secretary of the Treasury to surrender to the j
State of Indiana certain bonds to the government |
of the State of Indiana." j
Mr. LANE. I desire to offer the following '
resolution: .
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to i
inquire into the expediency of equalizing thesalanes of
district judges, so as to increase the salary" of the judge for
the dMnct of Indiana.
There beingnoobjection,thequestion wastaken, :
and the resolution was adopted. '
COMPENSATION IN CASES OF DISASTERS.
Mr. BISSELL offered a resolution, which was
read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
sti ucted toinqmre into the expediency of making an annual
appropriation, so as to enable the President of the United
States to make suitable acknowledgment to captains of for-
eign vessels that may risk their thips and lives in rescuing
American citizens in marine disasters.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution, and it was decided in the affirmative.
PUBLIC BUFLDINGS AT CHICAGO.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced the following
bill, which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
"A bill to provide fur the erection of suitable
buildings for a post office, custom-house, land of-
fice, bonded warehouse, and United States court-
house in the city of Chicago."
Mr. WENTWORTH also submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on Ways and Means be
instructed, alter consultation with the Secretaiy of the
Tieasuiy and the Postmaster Genial, to inqtiue into the
expediency of giving a credit for duties upon r.iilrnad 11 on to
such railroad companies as shall obligate themselves to pav
lor the same by the transportation of the mail, under such
regulations, and at such rate ot compensation, as shall be
prescribed by the Po-at Office Department.
Mr. SKELTON. I propose to debate that
resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move the previous
question, upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LILLY. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Illinois has introduced two
resolutions, whereas, under the rule, he is entitled
to offer only one at a time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman from New Jersey that the gentleman
from Illinois has introduced but one resolution.
The first paper offered by him was a bill.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
When a resolution is introduced into this House
which gives rise to debate it passes over, under
the rules of the House. I rose in my place, and
proposed to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentwoutii] was on the floor, and was entitled
to the floor at the time, and was in order in mov-
ing the previous question; and that motion will
cut off debate, if it is sustained by the House.
Mr. FULLER. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand theyeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is the resolution
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, a motion having
%een made to lay the resolution upon the table.
The House was then divided on a call for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative, there being-—yeas 91, nays 64;
as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Appieton, Thomas H. Bayly. Barks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Benson, Benton, Boyce, Bridges,
Bicoks, Campbell, Caruther*, Chandler, Cox, Crocker,
Gumming, Cutting, Thomas Davi?, Dawson, Dean. Dick,
Dickinson, Drum, Edgerton, Edmands, Etheridge, Farley,
Faulkner, i'enton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Fuller,
Goodrich, Grow, Hamilton, Hastings, Haven, Ilill, HiII> er,
Houston, Howe, Jugersoll, Daniel T Jones, George IV.
Jones, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly,
McCulloch. Macdonald, IVIcMullin, Matteson. Maunee,
Middie-Avarth, Smith Miller, Million, Moirison, Murray,
Packfr. Peck, Phelps, Pringle, David Ritchie, Robhms,
Ilowe, Russell, Sag". Seymour, Shower, Simmons, Sk>-'1-
ton, Gerrit Smith," Sno<Jgra*s, titration, Strauh. John L.
Tavloi, Trout, Upham, Vail, Variant, Walhmige, Walker,
Walley, Wal«h, Tanpan Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte, and
Henduck B. Wright—91.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, James C. Allen, Banks, Bissell,
Boeock, Chamberlain, Chrisman, Churchwefl. Chngrnan,
Co- b, Colquitt, Cook. Corvvm, Craige, John G. Davis, De
Witt, Disnev, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddv. Edmund-
son, Elliott, Ellison, English, Ewing. Gteen, Grey, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Johnson, Roland Jones,
Kerr, Lane, Latham, Lindley, LimWey, Mace, Macy,
Nichol-, Noble, Olds, On, Paiker, Ki'diop Perkins, Pratt,
Puryear, Ready, Uee<e. Rogers, Ruffin, Sapp, Shannon,
Shaw, Geoige W, Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Riehard
H Stanton, David Stuait, Ellihu B. Wa^hhurne, Wells,
John Wentworth, Westhrook, and Yateb—64.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I desire to intro-
duce the following bill, of which previous notice
has been given, and I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals:
