1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
A biH to cede to the State of Illinois that part
of the Cumberland road lying1 within the said State.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why not put it
upon its passage.' We want to get rid of that
road.
The hill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, Tliat the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to tins House the proyrc"i*> winch Jih * been
ntadf in the improvement of the Rock I-land and Des Moines
rapids, under the appropriation of $11)0,000 vot^.d for that
purpose; what plan of improvement has been adopted ; how
much of the work has been completed; the character of
said work; and what amount of said appropriation has been
expended.
Mr. ROCOCK. The resolution being a call for
information,it should he over, i therefore object
to its consideration now.
The SPEAKER. The resolution lies over under
the rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, offered the
followingre^olution; which \vasread,andadopted:
Resolrerii That the Committee on Indian Alf.tirs be in-
structed to inquire into flie expediency oi a law pro-
viding for the settlement of claims <;rowin<j out of depreda- |
twns committed by the Indians in the .Black Hawk war oi '
J 83:2.
GRANTS OF LANDS.
Mr. LAMB, in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced a bill granting lands to the States of Louis-
iana, Mississippi, Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa,and
to Minnesota Territory, in aid of the construction
of a railroad from New Orleans to St Paul's;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LAMB also, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to enlarge the powers, and
increase the condensation of the district judge of
the United States for the district of Missouri:
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
CESSION TO ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BENTON offered the following resolution;
which was read, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian A flairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of ceding to the city
of tft. Loui-, for the puipos-e of a public park, forever the
ground on winch the (hated States arsenal now stands.
IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. CARUTHERS, m pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill granting to the State of
Missouri a portion of the public domain, to aid
in the construction of the Iron Mountain railroad; !
which was read the first and second time by it s j
title, and referred to the Committee on Public !
Lands. ,,
Mr. WARREN, in pursuance of previous no- y
tice, introduced a bill for the relief of John Gos- ;
sett; which was read the first and second time by ;
its title, and, together with the accompanying pa- j;
pers, referred to the Committee on Public Lands. ['
INDEMNITY TO FLORIDA. |
Mr. MAXWELL, in pursuance of previous j
notice, introduced a bill " to indemnify and reim- '
burse the State of Florida for moneys paid in pro- i
tecting her frontier citizens against the Seminole :
Indians;" which was read the first and second :>
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on j
Indian Affairs. j
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, introduced the >,
following resolution; which was read, and adopted: ;
RpioImK That the Committee on Commeice be, and it !
is hereby, inducted to inquire into the nei-e^ity and pro-
priety of constructing a custom house and Govmniicnt
waiehouse, with room* suitable for hoJduma United Writes i
court therein, at the city of Detioif. m the State of Miehi- 1
gau ; and that ?aid committee leportto liu? Hnn-c thr- con- .
elu-ion they m<iy anive at upon ^aid inquiry, and what
action, if any, if may deem necessary and expedient lor .
the public interest m the premises.
ROCK RIVER AND DES MOINES RAPIDS. |
Mr. IiENN, in pursuance of previous notice, |
introduced the following bill; which was read a |
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce: ,
"A bill for the more effectual improvement of 1
the Des Moines and Rock River Rapids, in the
Mississippi river."
LAND DISTRICTS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN also, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
"A bill to divide the northern and Missouri
river land districts m the State of Iowa."
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Mr. WELLS, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bills; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time by their respec-
tive titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
"A bill giving the right of way and grating al-
ternate sections of the public lands to the State of
Wisconsin, and its grantees and assigns, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Milwaukie to
Prairie du Chien,onthc Mississippi river."
A bill giving a right of way and granting alter-
nate sections of certain public, lands to the State
of Wisconsin, and its grantees and assigns, to
further the construction of a certain railroad therein
specified; and
A bill giving a right of way and granting alter-
nate sections of certain public landu to the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin, and their grantees
and assigns, to fmther the construction of certain
railroads therein specified.
TRESPASSES ON THE PUBJLIC LANDS. i
Mr. EASTMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Hecietaiyof the Infcnoi inform this
Ilotive what steps he has taken to piovent trespa^os upon
the pme umber lands in the Stale o! \Wcon*in and Min-
nesota Teintory ; and whefhei or not he ha* appointed an
ajjent or lujents tot that purpot-e ; and if -o, who are appoint-
ed, and the d<iU-= of appointment; and under what piovi-
sion of law aie thev appointed ; and what instructions he
ha-, uiven ihem ; ami alr-o coinniunn ate to tin- Uou-m; any
jeport that «auJ n eiiN have made, in full ; and what salary
or compen-atioti is paid to Mich atrent- ; and how much
monej lu^ been u'cencd bv said a ent^ ftoin per-ons who
have out lunber on Ihe lands of the United Si.He--, bv way
of compounding- such trc-pa^; and the expenses ineuired
in collecting the same, and all the items thereof.
The SPEAKER. That being a resolution call-
ing for mfoimation, it must he over one day, un-
less, by unanimous consent, it can be considered
now.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that it may be consideied now.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution must lie
over.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move to suspend the rule
of this House which requires that the resolution
shall he over one day, that it may be put on its
passage at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question in reference to that resolution.
The SPEAKER,. The question is not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to debate it.
I understand that the appointment of the officers
alluded to m the resolution is in the hands of the
Secretary of the Navy, unless some special law
has been passed lately.
Mr. EASTMAN. Idesiteto ascertain whether
that be so or not.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary off he Navy
appoints them m my country.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended. So the resolution lies over.
RAILROADS AND PRE-EMPTIONS.
Mr. LATHAM, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, intioduced the following bills; which were
seveially read a first and second time by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
" A bill granting to the State of Cahforniaa por-
tion of the public lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Sacramento City, via Auburn,
to Nevada City, in said Slate;"
" A bill for the extension of the preemption
privilege in the State of California;" and
A bill granting to the State of California a
portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Marysville to Benicia, in
! said State.'5
i UNITED STATES MARSHAL^ IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to regulate the fees of Uni-
' ted States marshals in the State of California;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McDOUGALL, in pursuance of previous
1 notice, introduced the following bills; which were
ii severally read a fhst and second time by their
! titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
j Lands:
j M A bill making a grant of land to the State of
California, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
I struction of certain railroads in said State;" and
j " A bill making a grant ©f land to the State of
| Cehfornia, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
I struction of a railroad from San Francisco to San
Jose."
MAIL LINE FROM CALIFORNIA TO CHINA.
Mr. McDOUGALL, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads:
"A bill authorizing the Postmaster Genera! to
contract for a semi-monthly mail, by steamships,
between Sail Francisco and some point in China."
MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. McDOUGALL also, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced the following bill; winch
wns read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads:
"A hill to provide for the increase of the mail
service between iNewYork, San Francisco, and
Oiegon; and between New Orleans, San Francis-
co, and Oregon, and for other purposes."
MILITARY POSTS.
Mr. McDOUGALL also, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title:
"A. bill to provide for the establishment of a
line of military posts and common road; also, au-
thorizing the construction of a telegraph line and
a railroad from the valley of the Mississippi to the
Bay of San Francisco."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Speaker, prelimi-
nary to the reference of this bill, 1 ask the indul-
gence of the House for the purpose of explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
remark of the gentleman from California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 simply wish to ask the
indulgence of the House for the purpose of making
an explanation of my motion to refer the bill just
introduced.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
TIou.se to permit the explanation.
Mr. EASTMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia has a right to be heard on the proposition
now before the House, which is that the bill be
read a third time and referred.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
that it is understood throughout the country and
by this House that this is the mostimportant sub-
ject of legislation which will come before this Con-
gress; and while it is the most important, it is at
the same time the most difficult; and I have a
right to say that the country demands the action
of this Congress on this particular subject-matter.
There is not in tlus House a committee organ-
ized with respect to this particular subject—the
subject-matter of this bill, or any other bill with
the same object, embracing questions that pertain
II to four or five of the regular standing committees
I! of the House. More than that, the great difficulty
'' about this measure is the conflict of opinion with
respect to the manner m which the bill should be
| brought forward, and the conflict of interests be-
1 tween dliferent localities on the Atlantic side.
1 Now, by the organization of a large special com-
mittee brought from the different sections of the
country, whose business it shall be to frame a bill
i avoiding or adjusting all conflicting interests, we
may be able to present a bill which will possess
, sufficient claims to the confidence of this House
, to secure its affirmative action.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I move that this bill,
1 with the entire subject-matter, be referred to a
1 special committee of thirteen; and upon that mo-
. tion I move the previous question.
Mr DEAN I would ask the gentleman from
California to withdraw the call for the previous
question, until the bill is read again
The SPEAKER. It can be read by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
A Mb-mber- Does the gentleman desire to have
tViP entire bill read ?
Mr DEAN. The entire bill.
Mr TAYLOR^ of Ohio. It is a long bill, and
