182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
as members desire to look at it, I object to the
reading of the bill now.
The SPEAKER-. It will be read by its title.
The bill was accordingly again read by its title.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 withdraw the demand for
the previous question, for the purpose of answer-
ing an interrogatory. The character of this bill is
inquired into. I wish to say to gentlemen that it
is not material what the particular character of this
bill is. The object which I have in view is to
secure a committee. I do not flatter myself that 1
have been able to mature a perfect bill ; but, coming
from California, where we are not affected by
any of the local interests which disturb the States
on this side, I think it my business to act upon
this matter. I do not claim that I have brought
forward a complete measure; but I ask the House
to constitute a committee whose business it shall
be to consider the opinions and views of all gen-
tlemen who may present them to this body, so as
to secure definite and sound action upon the
maatter. I move the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the House should sustain the previous
question, it will not force us to vote between two
propositions alone; the first upon a reference to a
select committee, and, that failing, then upon the
passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be competent, the
previous question being sustained, to bring the
House to vote upon the bill, if the House refuse
to refer.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.  
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for tellers upon
that question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harlan, of
Indiana, and Campbell were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. McDou-
gall's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the bill was referred to a select committee.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DE WITT, from the Committee on En
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following bills; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
" A bill to change the name of the American-built
frigate Falcon to that of Queen City;" and .
" A bill to continue tn force an act entitled * An
act relating to the settlement of private land claims
in California, and for other purposes.' "
SALARIES OF OFFICERS IN OREGON AND NEW
MEXICO.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill "to increase the
salaries of the executive and judiciary officers in
Oregon and New Mexico;" which was read the
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
WILLAMETTE RIVER.
Mr. L. also introduced a bill " to improve the
navigation of the river Willamette, and to appro-
priate money for that purpose;" which was read
the first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
ROADS, ETC., IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced "a bill making further appropriations for
continuing the construction of roads in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, in accordance with the esti-
mates made by the War Department;" which was
read the first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Teiritories.
Also, a bili to purchase the Sioux half-breed
reservation on Lake Pepin, in the Territory of Min-
nesota; which was read the first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian AlFairs.
Also, a bill to establish additional land districts
in the Territory of Minnesota; which was read
the first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
INDUN TITLES TO MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. RICE also submitted the following resolu- |
tion, which was read, considered, and agreed to: |
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be re- I
quested to inquire into the expediency of extinguishing the
Indian title to the mineral lands l>mg east of the Missis-
sippi river, and westof lake Superior, and to report by bill,
or otherwise.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. FULLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be author-
ized to employ a clerk for the remaining time of the present
session of Congress: Provided, the compensation to be
paid said clerk shall not exceed four dollars per day.
Mr. HOUSTON. A suspension of the rules
is required to pass that resolution. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is in order in presenting the resolution, his State
having been regularly called for resolutions.
Mr. FULLER. I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move to amend the reso-
lution so as to include the Committee on the Mi-
litia. [A lau^h,l
Mr. WHEELER. And I move still further to
amend it so as to include the Committee on the
Expenditures of the War Department. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendments on the table.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
affimative.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken, and I also move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on reconsidering the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table; and, being put, it was decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to reconsider the said
vote.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to withhold that motion until I
can ask leave of the House to withdraw a resolu-
tion which stands at the head of the Calendar. I
introduced it sometime during the early part of
the session, but it was not acted on then, and now
it never will be reached, unless I withdraw it;
it will have to be printed in every Calendar from
this time to the close of the session, and I wish,
therefore, to withdraw it at once.
Mr. DAYIS. T withdraw my motion for the
purpose indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I move that
the House do now proceed to the consideration of
the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the motion
which has just been made will be agreed to.
There are but two or three bills upon the table,
which we can dispose of in a few minutes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I trust that the gen-
tleman from Illinois will withdraw his motion to
go to the business upon the Speaker's table, and
allow the States which have not been called this
morning to be called for resolutions now. Some
of them have not been called for a fortnight.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbuhne's
motion, and it was disagreed to.
SURVEY OF A RIVER AND HARBOR.
Mr. CROCKER offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and adopted by
unanimous consent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to tin* House a report of the survey of Taunton
river and New Bedford harbor, in the State of Ma-.bachu-
setts, ordered by the last Congress.
SURVEY OF SCITUATE HARBOR.
Mr. CROCKER offered the following resolu- '
tion; which was considered by unanimous con- j
sent, and adopted: I
Resolved, That the Secretary of "VVar be directed to com- |
municate to thi* House the report of the survey of Scitu- ;
ate haibor and Noitli river, in the State of Massachusetts, j
ordered by the last Congress. |
PENSIONERS UNDER ACT OF 1853. j
Mr. EDMANDS, in pursuance of pievious no- !
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read 1
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions:
" A bill for the relief of pensioners under the act
of February 3, 1853."
EX-ACTING CONSUL AT CONSTANTINOPLE.
Mr. JNGrERSOLL. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States is re-
quested to furnish this House, if, m his opinion, the public
interests will allow, with all of the correspondence relative
to the alleged violation of the lights and forcible ejection
from office of the acting consul of the United States at
Constantinople, in July, 1851; also, the papeis relative to
the subsequent promotion of said acting consul to the con-
sulate at sa'd city ; also, the papers lelative to an alleged
refusal of Captain Strmgham, of the United States Navy,
to convey said consul to his post in accordance with the
instiuctions of the State and Navy Departments ; and also
the correspondence relative to the removal of said consul
from his place.
There was no objection to the consideration of
the resolution; and, the question being taken, it
was adopted.
SUFFERERS ON STEAMER SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. CUTTING. I move that the resolution
which I had the honor to introduce this morning
in reference to the steamer San Francisco be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I beg leave to offer
the following resolutions.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Whereas, all the members of the human family, notwith-
standing all contrary enactments and arrangements, have
at all times, and in all circumstances, as equal a right to the
soil as to the light and air, because as equal a natural need
of the one as of the other; And whereas, this invariably
equal right to the soil leaves no room to buy, or sell, or give
it away: Therefore,
1. Resolved, That no bill or proposition should find any
favor with Congress which implies the/ight of Congress to
dispose of the public lauds, or any part of them, either by
sale or gift.
2. Resolved, That the duty of civil government in re-
gard to public lands, and indeed to all lands, is but to regu-
late theoccupdtion of them; and that this regulation should
ever proceed upon the principle that the right of all per-
sons to the soil—to the great source of human subsistence—
is as equal, as inherent, and as sacred, as the right to life
itst-lt.
'3. Resolved, That Government will have done but little
toward securing the equal right to land, until it shall have
made essential to the validity of every claim to laud both
the fact that it is actually possessed, and the fact that it
does not exceed in quantity the maximum which it is the
duty of Government to prescribe.
4. Resolved, That it is not becausc land monopoly is the
most efficient cause of inordinate and tyrannical riches on
the one hand, and of dependent and abject poveity on the
other; and that it is not because it i?, therefore, the most
efficient cause of that inequality of condition so well-nigh
fatal to the spread of democracv and Christianity, that Gov-
ernment is called upon to abolish it; but it is because the
right which this mighty agent of evil violates and tramples
under foot is among those clear, certain, essential, natural
lights which it is the province of Government to protect at
all hazards, and mespectiveof all consequences.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 move that the resolutions
be laid upon the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put on the motion to lay
the resolutions on the table, and it was agreed to.
ASSAY OFFICE IN NEW YORK.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and on its adoption I move the previous
question.
The Clerk read the resolution; as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury he, and he
is hereby, required to report to this House whether the a<-
say office now in course of construction in the city of New
York is of sufficient capacity for the coinage of cold and
silver; and if so, whether, in his opinion, it would be con-
venient and proper for Congress to authorize said coinage
at the said office.
Mr. WALKER. On that resolution I move
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule of the House
the resolution must lie over.
Mr. WALKER. Does not the motion for the
previous question relieve it from the operation of
that rule?
The SPEAKER. The motion for the previous
question does not exempt it from the operation of
the rule. We have an express rule which requires
that all lesolutions calling for information must
lie over one day. That is the language of the rule.
But the Chair hears no objection to the motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
