1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15;
should like it to be passed now. It was important
that it should have been passed at an early period
of the session. I do not know that there is any
objection.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I am willing to recall
my application to have it referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I should like to have
The SPEAKER. The consent of the House
was given to the gentleman from Massachusetts
to have the bills indicated taken up, read a first
and second time, and referred. If there is no ob-
jection, however, they may be now acted upon.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. EDGERTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Claims, to which was re-
ferred the petitions of Coale & Barr, made an ad-
verse report thereon; which was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the petitions of John* A. Bryan, of
Andrew H. Patterson, and of Polly Carver, made
reports thereon, accompanied by a joint resolu-
tion, and bills of the following; titles:
Joint resolution for the relief of John A. Bryan
A bill for the relief of Andrew H. Patterson; and
A bill for the relief of Polly Carver.
Which joint resolution and bills were severally
read a first and second time, committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and the resolution, bills, and
reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr. E., from the same committee, to which
were referred bills of the Senate of the following
titles:
S. No. 230. An act for the relief of Asbury
Dickens; and
S. No. 148. An act for the relief of Zachanah
Lawrence, of Ohio; reported the former without,
and the latter with, an amendment.
Ordered, That the said bills be committed to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, made the order of the day tor to
morrow, and printed.
Mr. E., from the same committee, to which
was referred a resolution of the Senate of the fol
lowing title:
S. R. No. 2. A resolution for the relief of George
R. C. Floyd, late Secretary of Wisconsin Terri-
tory, and sureties; reported the same, with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
Ordered, That the said resolution be laid on the table
Mr. E., from the same committee, to which
were referred bills of the Senate of the followin.
titles: .
S. No. 311. An act for the relief of Michael
Nourse;
S. No. 53. An act for the relief of the s.ureties
of Daniel Winslow;
S. No. 8G. An act for the'relief of J. Coyd, of
Louisiana;
S. No. 89. An act for the relief of the legal rep
resentatives of the late Captain William G. Wi
liams;
S. No. 87. An act for the relief of Jacob Gideon
S. No. 325. An act for the relief of John Mc-
Avoy; and
S. No. 208. An act for the relief of John Devlin
reported the same severally, with a recommenda
tion that they do not pass, accompanied by adverse
reports, in writing in the cases of bills numbered
53, 89, 87, 325, and 208.
Ordered, That the said bills be committed to a Com
miltee of the Whole House, made ihe order of the day for
to morrow, and the bills and reports printed.
On motion by Mr. E., it was
Ordered. That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill of the Senate (S.
No. 315) entitled " An act for the relief of Israel Johnson,"
and that the same be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of the heirs of
Captain John Burnham; of stone-cutters on the
Capitol extension; of Dr. S. A. Thompson; of
James Mackall; of John S. Gatewood; of the
widow and heirs of John Hogan; and of Charles
Winters; which were severally laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for the purpose of
reference.
There bei"g no objection,
Mr. N. introduced a bill for the relief of Lloyd
. Doraey and others; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
resolutions of rhode island.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I asktheunan-
imous consent of the House to present certain
resolutions of the Legislature ofthe State of Rhode
Island.
There was no objection, and
Mr. D. said: Concurring in the justice and ex-
pediency of the measure, I desire to present an
act to reverse and annul the sentence of the su-
preme court of Rhode Island for treason rendered
against Thomas W. Dorr, June 25, A. D. 1844
1 also desire to present the resolutions of the Le-
gislature in reference to the Nebraska bill.
The resolutions were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
sidney p. pool.
Mr. STUART. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions a bill which was overlooked yes-
terday when I made reports from that committee
A Member. Is it a private bill ?
Mr. STUART. It is. It is a bill for the relief
of Sidney P. Pool.
There was no objection, and the bill was re-
ceived, read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
scott's infantry tactics.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 a-k the unanimous'
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution, for the purpose of having it referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand copies of Scott's
Infantry Tactics, m an edition of one volume, be printed
for distribution by the members ofthe Hou-e.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received and referred, under the rule, to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. VANSANT, it was
'Videred, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the cave of diaries Reeder.
Mr. EYERH ART. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw the petition and
papers in the case of Elizabeth E Pennington,
which were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, for the purpose of having them
returned to her.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection, if copies of
them are left on the files of the House.
Mr. EVEIUIART. I have no objection to
that.
There being no objection, leavewas accordingly
granted.
Mr. EVERIIART. I also ask the consent of
'the House to withdraw the petition of citizens of
Delaware county, State of Pennsylvania, from the
files of the Committee on Commerce, for the pur-
pose of having them referred to a similar com-
mittee in the Senate.
There was no objection,and leave was granted.
Mr. HOUSTON. Unless the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] has a good deal of anxiety
about the Private Calendar, I would like very much
to take up one of the appropriation bills in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to-day.
[Cries of "No! no!"]
charles lee jones.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideiation of the bills reported to the
House yesteiday by a Committee of the Whole
House. The first in order is "a bill for the relief
of Charles Lee Jones."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time,and passed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House do
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his motion until the bills
on the Speaker's table, reported from a Commit-
tee of the Whole House yesterday, are acted on.
Their consideration will occupy but a short while.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. EDGERTON. We can only consider
private bills under the rule on Friday and Satur-
day of each week; and, therefore, to-day and next
Friday are the last days we can possibly have for
consideration of the Private Calendar. The bills
on the Speaker's table, to which reference is made,
can be taken up and considered any day. They
can be more easily reached than thf Private Cal-
endar for the disposition of other bills in Com-
mittee of the Whole House. We had better go
into committee to-day, consider the Private Cal-
endar, and report what business we can to the
House. 1 make that motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. ,
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Edgerton
in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the bills
on the Private Calendar.
samuel colt.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill (No. 59,) "for
the relief of Samuel Colt."
Mr. ORR. That bill was laid aside yesterday,
on a di\ ision of the committee, and I suppose the
same reasons for its postponement operate to-day.
I move that it be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
ferdinand clark. ยง
House bill (No. 103) " for the relief of Ferdi-
nand Clark."
Mr. ORR.* I move that bill be also laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee resume
the consideration of the Calendar at the point
where we left off yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
daniel steenrod.
House bill (No. 182) " for the relief of -Daniel
Steenrod." .
The bill provides that the petition of Daniel
Steenrod, with the accompanying documents and
depositions, be referred to the Secretary of War;
and lie is hereby authorized and directed, in such
mode as to him shall seem just and expedient, to
appoint an umpire to hear evidence in the city of
Wheeling, Virginia, and ascertain and fix what is
justly and equitably due the said petitioner thereon;
and the Secretary of the Treasuiy is authorized
and directed to pay such sum out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated by
law.
Mr. MACE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words "Secretary of War,"
wherever they occur, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " First Comptroller of the Treasuiy."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MACE. 1 now move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a very singular bill,
and I should like to hear some explanation of it.
Mr. MACE. The object of the bill is simply
this. During the progress of the construction of
the national road, in the vicinity of Wheeling,
Mr. Daniel Steenrod had a large contract upon
that road. Various modifications were made in
that contract from tune to time; but a difficulty
arose between him and the superintendent, in re-
lation to the amount of pay which he ought to re-
ceive for certain alterations that had been made in
the work different from the plan under which the
contract had been taken. The papers connected
with the case are very voluminous. They have
been before the Committee of Claims many years.
The Senate has been in the habit, almost every
session, of passing a bill for the relief of the claim-
ant. But the Committee of Claims, after exam-
ining the statement, thought that it would be im-
possible for them to airive at a correct conclusion
in the premises. The committee, therefore, inas-
much as the record in the War Department, and
the evidence before the committee, contain sub-
stantially all the facts in the case, think it more
advisable to leave the ascertaining of the amount
due the claimant to the Government, and tQ pro-
vide that after a careful investigation shall be had
by a commission sitting in the city of Wheeling,
that amount shall be paid. We have, therefore,
so worded the bill as to require that this investiga-
tion be had, and when an award is made, that the
amount of it should be appropriated.
The object which I have had in proposing this
amendment is, that I wish to place the whole case
