892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 11,
are engaged in miking railroad iron are engaged
in that, too, for their interest; and, he says, there
is no distinction to be drawn between the two.
Now, I submit to his own mind, which, when
unbiased by prejudice, is as clear as anybody's,
whether there 13 not this manifest difference: that
my constituents, who have engaged in this busi-
ness, have engaged in it by virtue of the law of
the land, by which they were to receive the pro-
tection which you are about to take away; while
his constituents, engaged in the making of roads
for their interest, have engaged in it with equal
knowledge of the law of the land that they were
to pay the duty which his bill proposes to takeoff?
That is the distinction.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, it is possible
that I may not be able to perceive the clearness of
the distinction. Now let us see how it is. The
distinction which the Senator first stated was, that-
those concerned in railroads were engaged in
prosecuting their enterprises for their own advant-
age, and not for the public good.
Mr. PRATT. That is true.
Mr. BADGER. Very well, sir. Ifthatbethe
distinction, of course that must be the circumstance
in which they differ from those who are engaged
in manufacturing iron. He states a distinction
between the two classes of cases, and he com-
plains that one should be promoted at the expense
of the other; and that distinction is, that the per-
sons of one class are engaged in prosecuting then-
enterprises for their own private benefit, and not
for the public good. Now, I ask if it does not
result, if there is any propriety in the discrimina-
tion stated, that the persons of'the other class are
engaged in prosecuting their work for the public
good? Why, clearly so. But now the Senator
says he admits both are prosecuting their enter-
prises for their own benefit, and not for the public
good. Then, in that respect, they stand on the
same foundation. But he says those who are
engaged in manufacturing iron undertook to man-
ufacture it on the expectation that they would re-
ceive a certain amount of protection. True; but
for what was the protection to he given? It was
to put them on a footing with their European
rivals. Now, as my friend from Illinois has stated
this morning, the piice of railtoad iron, which
was formerly from forty-five to fifty dollars a ton,
has risen to be between seventy and eighty dollars
a ton. Then the question is not whether these
manufacturers shall retain the protection which
they had, and which might have been just, neces-
sary, and proper when foreign iron could be
procured at forty-five or fifty dollars a ton; but
whether it is right, just, and fair to the industrial
pursuits of the country generally, that they shall
retain the same amount of ratio of duty when
railroad non has risen up to seventy-five dollars
a ton? The question, in other words, is, whether,
when the foreign price of the article is such that
they no longer need protection, they shall have a
greater protection than they had when they did
need it! That is the whole question.
But, Mr. President, although 1 assumed for the
purpose of the argument, deeming it immaterial,
that the two classes of persons stood upon the
same footing, as each pursuing their own interest;
and though it is true in regard to railroad compa-
nies that their ultimate interest must be the object
with those who are chicfly engaged in them; yet
it is also true, as we all know, that many persons
make investments in railroad companies, at least
in the southern country, not with the prospect or
hope of making profit upon their investment, but
of aiding in the genera! diffusion of prosperity to
the country of which they are members, and trust-
ing for their return, not to a particular pecuniary
benefit from the individual road, but to their share
in the common results of the prosperity which
shall be diffused by it through the whole country
in which they live. I have no doubt that it is so
in other portions of the country. Therefore, it
seems to me, to make the most of this case, that
those gentlemen who are engaged in manufactur-
ing iron no longer need fhe protective duty which
they did when forty-five dollars a ton was paid for
it; and hence it is not at all unfair or ungenerous,
it is not what they should complain of at all, that
these duties should be suspended for the purpose
of aiding these struggling roads, the proprietors
of which are straining every nerve 10 raise money j
to accomplish the establishment of these great '
thoroughfares of quick travel through the country, I
and who, though they may seek their own indi- I
vidual benefit, and their own alone, can only ac- ]
complish it by doing a great good to the country 1
in the successful prosecution of their respective
enterprises.
Sir, it has been said that you will thereby allow 1
roads, without paying duty, to be put into sue- j
cessful competition with other railroads. The re-
marks of my friend from Illinois have shown that '
it will only put the roads now being made upon 1
a footing with the old ones; but suppose it were
1 otherwise; is there any harm in competition ? Is
a railroad monopoly 110 evil ? Have we not found ;
it to be one of the greatest of evils ? Is it not an evil i
to travelers to subject them to the exactions of a
single company without opposition? Is it not an j
evil to the Government? Have we not fonnd it
\o be so? Have not these roads been able to dic-
tate their own terms for the transportation of the
mail? What harm will arise to us if we have lines
of competition? Conveyances are improved,
prices are lessened, conveniences are increased,
and every advantage is secured by getting rid of
an entire monopoly, and giving us the advantage
which always results from fair and full competi-
tion. So that, in any respect, 1 do not see that j
the measure is liable to the objection. I am sorry, j
however, that I was drawn into making these le- J
marks on the subject, i hope the question will be
taken on the postponement.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not in- i
tend to enter into the merits of this question; nor '
do i intend to advert to the matter of protection in j
reference to the provisions of this bill; but the j
proposition now before the Senate, whether you
take the amendment of the honorable Senator from !
Illinois or the bill reported from the Committee on
Finance, is a proposition to make a partial revis-
ion of the tariff system of the United States for
the purpose of conferring a bounty, not only pros-
pectively, but retrospectively, upon particular rail-
roads of this country. That is the proposition in
point of truth and fact. It is to confer a bounty,
prospectively, and also retrospectively, to the 1st
of July last, on particular railroad companies of
the United States. Sir, I am opposed to this prin-
ciple of legislation. I do not desire to see the
tariff revised in a partial mode. I think it does
require revision. I have understood that that
question was before the Committee on Finance,
and I had hoped that even before this time they
would have favored us with their views of a gen-
eral system of revision.
! can conceive of a great variety of questions
which would necessauly arise in reference to the
proper revision of the tanlf if you assume the
principle, for which I contend, that the principle |
of raising a sufficient amount of revenue under a !
tariff is the true principle to make the basis upon j
which that taiitf is to be adjusted. But 111 order
fairly to adjust a tariff upon that basis you must
have the whole of it before you. Are there no
other interests in the country than railroads ? If
you are to exempt them from the payment of
duties, and leate the existing duties standing on a
variety of other interests which may equally call
on you for a revision of the tanlf, how are you to
measure the amount of that revision until you
have the whole subject before you ? I am opposed 1
to this bill not on that ground alone, but I am op- [
posed to it because of its whole bearing upon the :
revenue. It is a partial revision of an important ;
system, ar.d ought to be fully discussed before a
bill of this character is passed. The nut ice given
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina
was given on Friday last. The bill was brought i
up to-day with the hope of having it passed here '
to-day or to-morrow. I think it a bill of far more
importance than many others which have taken a
much longer time in discussion, and which have
created a much widerand deeperagitation through-
out the country. Nay, sir, I think the aspects of 1
this very bill, one particularly, connect themselves
with other matters which have been agitated
throughout the country; and if you refer"to the :
existing state of things in Pennsylvania, I can :
easily see that a connection will be sought to be '
made between this and another bill. I desire,
before this bill shall be passed, that it shall, at '
least, be amply discussed before the Senate.
_ I believe, myself, that the tariff ought to be re-
vised^ but I think that, to revise it justly, on
the principle which I am sure the chairman of the j!
Committee on Finance, if he were here, could not il
j deny, the cardinal object should be to look to rev-
| enue as the basis on which it should be adjusted.
You cannot do that unless you have the whole
subject before you. You must have the whole in-
terest of the country before you, and all the duties
which you are going to impose before you; or,
otherwise, in exempting a particular interest from
the operations of the existing law, which was
passed after great deliberation; and exempting it
without regard to the pressure arising from the
rise of price on many other interests of the coun-
try, you are disposing partially of a general sub-
ject which will ultimately lead to a conflict, which
deranges and prevents a fair adjustment of the
whole system. For this reason I am not only op-
posed to the particular bill, but I think even if it be
passed,it ought to be more fully discussed than it
can be at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Adams
in the chair.) The question is, shall the bill under
consideration be postponed until to-morrow?
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will vote down
that motion, and then take the question on the
longer postponement which 1 propose.
Mr. STUART. When I submitted the motion
to postpone until to-morrow,it was on the supposi-
tion that we should be able to do some other busi-
ness to-day. I have abandoned that expectation
now, and therefore I withdraw my motion.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until Monday
week, and on that question I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 9; as follows;
YEAS—Me^rs. Adams, Alien, Atehi«on, Bayard, Bell,
Bright, Butler. Cass, Chasu, Dodge of Iowa, Everett, Fes-
s«nden, Fish, Foot, Coyer, Hamlin, Ilunter, Jones . f Iowa,
Mason, Pettit, Pratt, Busk, Sebastian. Seward, Piidell,
Smiib, tituart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
Welter, Williams:, aiul Wright—33.
NA.YS—Messrs Badger, Brown,Clay, Douglas, Evans,
Fitzpatriek, Motion, Shields, and Walker—9,
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is now too late in the day
to do any thing in Executive session. 1 move,
therefore, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bright,
Brown, Cass, Chase, Clay, Everett, Fe>seriden, Fish,
Fit7[KUrick, Foot. Hamlin, Morion, Pettit, Sewanl, Smith,
^tuait, Stunner, Thompson of Kentucky, Walker, and
Wright—iM.
NA YS—Messrs. Adam?, Allen, Butler, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Geyer, Gwin, Hun-
ter, James, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pratt, Hu-k, Sebastian,
Shields, Shdell, Toucey, Weller, and Williams'—21.
So the motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 11, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United States,
in response to the resolution of the House of the
3d instant, calling for copies of all correspondence
that may have taken place between the Govern-
ment of the United States and that of Spain in
relation to the refusal by the authorities of the
Island of Cuba, some time in the summer of 1852,
to permit the United States mail steamer Crescent
City to land the mail or the passengers destined
for that Island in Havana, stating that copies of
the correspondence called for had been transmitted
to the House in response to a former resolution of
that body.
Mr. HAVEN". I move that the communica-
tion belaid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. DEAN. All similar communications have
been referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and I hone this will take that direction.
Mr. HAVEN". I will not insist upon my mo-
tion, if it is not in accordance with the usual
course.
