IBM.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
1781
under the care and control of Mr. Whittlesey,
who, perhaps mure than any other mm in the
country, knows the facts in the case, and the claims
which have been presented to Congress. Mr.
"Whittlesey was the chairman of the Committee
of Claims for a aeries of years, and is now Comp-
troller of the Treasury. It is on that account thtt
I have made the motion to substitute him m place
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. ORR. What is the amount of'the appro-
priation ?
Mr. MACE. The appropriation cannot ex-
ceed $6,000.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana to move another amendment, at the
end of the bill, to this effect: Provided, That the
award shall notexceed thesum of $fi,000 or $7,000.
Mr. MACE. Well, say $7,000, and I will agree
to that amendment.
Mr. COBB. I am satisfied that I can suggest
another amendment which the gentleman from
Indiana will accept. It is to make some clerk in
the Department, or some person connected with
the Government, an umpire.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is unusual to give the
appointment of a commission to the head of a
bureau, and not to the head of a Department.
Mr. MACE. I have no objection to accept
the suggestion of my friend-from Alabama, th^
an umpire be selected from the persons connected
with the Treasury Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the first amendment
been put, to strike out the Secretary of War and
insert the Comptroller of the Treasury ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been put and agreed
to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was about to say to the
gentleman from Indiana, that it is very unusual to
take the appointment of a commission away from
the head of a Department, and to leave it to the
head of a bureau. And if it amounts to the same
thing, I think it should be given to the head of a
Department. I think that would be right. But I
also think this bill objectionable in other respects.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 wish simply to
remark, that the suggestion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Houston]
struck me as a very good one at first view. But
when the proposition was made to refer the mat-
ter to Mr. Whittlesey, a gentleman proverbial
for the strictness of his application of the rules and
principles of justice and right to all accounts, I
confess my objection was removed.
Mr. HOUSTON. My remarks did not go to
the merits of the bill at all. They were simply
intended to bring to the notice of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Mace] the fact that it was an
unusual course of procedure to take the appoint-
ment of a commissioner from the head of a De-
partment, and transfer it to the head of a bureau.
I prefer leaving it with the head of the Depart-
ment; for neither of those gentleman are to inves-
tigate the account. They only appoint a commis-
sioner, and whatever award that commissioner
makes is the law, according to this bill, and we
must pay it; and thereis no suspension or revision
of the account kept in the hands of Mr. Whittle-
sey, or with the head of the Department.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will simply say,
in reply, that we all know and believe that Mr.
Whittlesey revises every account which comes be-
fore him. Perhaps there is not a more intelligent,
a more efficient and conscientious officer under the
Government. No account passes from his hand
without its undergoing his revision. I have had
something to do with this account years ago; it is a
transaction which has been bandied about a good
while 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would state to the gentleman from Virginia that
this debate is out of order. The amendment has
been agreed to by the committee, and can only be
reversed by unanimous consent.
Mr. MACR. Do I understand the Chair to
state that the suggestion made "by the gentleman
from Alabama, and acceded to by me—that is, that
Mr. Whittlesey appoint, as umpire, some gentle-
man connected with the Treasury Department—
has been adopted by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at all.
Mr. MACE. Then I make that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Indiana, that he moved as an
amendment to the bill, to strike out the words
"Secretary of War," and insert in lieu thereof
" First Comptroller of theTreasury." The Chair
put that question to the committee, and the com-
mittee agreed to the amendment.
Mr. MACE. Then I move the suggestion of
the gentleman from Alabama as an additional
amendment.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Will the gentleman permit
me to suggest to him that the amendment is su-
perfluous.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Indiana, if he acceded to the pro-
position of the gentleman from South Carolina,,to
limit the amount to $7,000?
Mr. MACE. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. Then that question has
not been put to the committee.
Mr. MILLSON. Before that question is put,
I desire to offer an amendment to a previous por-
tion of the bill. I move to strike out all after the
word (t authorized," m the fifth line of the bill, as
follows:
" And directed, in such mode as to him shall seem just
and expedient, to appoint an umpue to hear evidence in
the city of Wheeling, Virginia, and a.^certain and fix what
is justly and e quitahiy due the said petitioner thereon ; and
the Seeretuiyof the Treasury is authorized and directed to
pay such sum nut of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated by law."
And to insert in lieu thereof, the following;:
To appoint a commissioner to take evidence in the city
of Wheeling, or elsewhere, to ascertain ami to report
what i* justly and equitably due ^aul petitioner thereon, and
if said report is approved by said Comptroller, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized and duected to pay such sum
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. MACE. I have no objection to that; I will
accopt it.
Mr. MILLSON. The committee will see that
I have changed the word " umpire'' for that of
" commissioner." An umpire is one who decides
a difference between two arbitrators. There are
no arbitrators in this case, and therefore 1 have
substituted the word " commissioner." 1 have
also provided that the commissioner shall go on
and take testimony, and report to the Treasury
Department. I object upon principle to this Gov-
ernment being bound by the decision of any com-
missioner. I think the amendment I have pro-
posed is important, it directs the Comptroller to
select a suitable commissioner to take testimony
and report to said Comptroller. If he shall approve
the report, then the Secretary of the Treasury is j
authorized to pay the award. 1
Mr. COBB. I would suggest to the gentleman I
from Virginia, that he modify his amendment so as !
to make the Comptroller select, as commissioner, j
some officer now in the employment of the Gov- 1
ernment, who shall receive no extra compensation j
or allowance therefor. :
Mr. MILLSON. I think it very well to leave '
the Comptroller full discretion in the selection of!
the commissioner. |
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I will move the amend- I
ment I have indicated. I move to add the follow- I
ing: • |
Provided, That the =aid commissioner shall be selected j
out ot ?.uch persons as are now m the employment of the ,
Government, and that no extra compensation shall be
allowed.
My object is, that the Comptroller shall select
this commissioner from those now in the employ
of the Government, and thereby save the expense
of an outside commission. I see no reason why <
he should not select such a person. He will be ;
able to select one who is entirely competent, per-;
haps one who may have had this very subject
under consideration at different times.
Mr. BRIDGES. Does the gentleman know
where Mr. Steenrod lives'
Mr. COBB. I do not.
Mr. M ACE. I will tell the gentleman; he lives
at Wheeling:.
Mr. BRIDGES. I should then be very much
opposed to the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia to appoint this commissioner at Wheel-1
ing, because the Comptroller might appoint some !
one interested in the case.
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I hope we shall pro-
vide that some one shall be employed who is now
in the employment of the Government. Let him
report to Mr. Whittlesey, the Comptroller; and if
he approves it, I have no objection to the amount
being paid. I suppose there can be no objection
to my amendment; and I would ask the gentle*
man from Virginia to adopt it as a modification of
his amendment. ; _ .
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection.
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment, as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MACE. I now move that the bill be lai,d
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
BROWN, RUSSELL AND CO.
House bill (No. 189) " for the relief of John S.
Jones and William H. Russell, surviving partners
of Brown, Russell & Co."
The bill directs the Secretary of War to settle
and adjust the claims of John S. Jones'and Wil-
liam H. Russell, surviving partners of Brown,
Russell & Co., for losses of oxen and wagons
sustained in the transportation of military stores
from Port Leavenworth to Santa Fe, and limits
the amount to be allowed to $38,800.
Mr. MILLER. I do not know that it is neces-
sary for me on this occasion to enter into an ex-
planation of the facts involved in this case,"as it
may be in the memory of members who heard
the report read at the Clerk's table when the bill
was up before on objection day. The case was
then explained by my colleague, [Mr. Benton,]
who reported the bill from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
A bill for the relief of these parties was reported
on favorably by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of this House at the last session; but it was
not reached on the Calendar. I believe that the
report accompanying the bill meets with the ap-.
probation of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Although I am cot a member of that committee,
sull 1 have taken some pains to examine into the
claim, and the evidence by which it is supported.
I am satisfied that it is a highly meritorious claim,
and one that ou^ht to be speedily passed, that
full justice may be done to the, parties who have
suffered so greatly in their efforts to supply our
troops in New Mexico with necessary subsistence
during the year 1850. The object of the bill, Mr.
Chairman, is to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle and adjust the claims for the losses sustained
by these parties, and losses sustained under the
most extraordinary circumstances. Every mem-
ber will be satisfied, on reading the committee's
repoit, that these losses ought to be reimbursed.
The report is a short one; and as it is full, and to the
point, if there be no objection, I ask "for its read-
ying, although it has been once read heretofore.
T'he report was then read by the Clerk, from
which it appears that in the fall of the year 1850,
an extraordinary necessity arose for forwarding
military supplies from Fort Leavenworth to Santa
Fe. Owing to the lateness of the season, and the
risk to be encountered in such a journey in the
winter time, the acting quartermaster, Brevet
Major Ogden, could find no persons willing, at any
price, to undertake the service, except the memo-
rialist and his partners, James Brown and John
S. Jones. These persons entered into a contract
with Major Ogden, acting on the part of the Gov-
ernment, to receive the supplies at. Fort Leaven-
worth, with suitable means of conveyance, to be
approved by said olficer, and transport the same,
" with all practicable dispatch," to Santa Fe.
The contractors accordingly entered on the ser-
vice with three trains, consisting of one hundred
wagons, and upwards of twelve hundred head of
oxen; and after a toilsome journey, and much ex-
posure, arrived at a point about forty-five miles
from Santa Fe, when they were stopped by a
snow storm of extraordinary severity. Mr.
Brown, one of the contractors, was in charge of
the trains, and at this point left them, and went
into Santa Fe, to report his progress to the officer
in command there, and procure his assent to a
suspension of the journey until better weather.
Mr. Brown was taken ill on his arrival at Santa
Fe, and died a few days after, in consequence, as
was believed, of the hardships and exposures he
had suffered. After waiting several days for Mr.
Brown's return, the person next in charge went
also to Santa Fe, arid there finding his principal
at the point of death, represented to the command-
ant of the post, Captain Easton, the condition of
the trains, and the state of the weather and roads,
and that it would cause great loss to endeavor
then to proceed; asking, consequently, his con-
currence in a temporary delay. This was refused
