1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
-The communication was therefore referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which were signed by the Speaker:
H. R. No. 202. An act for the relief of Heze-
kiah Johnson, of the town of Bridgewater, in the
State of Vermont;
H. R. No. 127. An act for the relief of James
F. Green;
H. R. No. 170. An act for the relief of thelegal
representatives of the late Lieutenant John E.
Bispham;
II. R. No. 54. An act for the relief of Madison
Parton;
H. R. No. 179. An act for the relief of Emelie
Hooe, widow of "Captain Hooe;
H. R. No. 194. An act to provide a pension
for Silas Champion, of Genessee county, State of
New York;
H. R. No. 177. An act for the relief of Lyman
N. Cook;
H. R. No. 201. An act for the relief of Aaron
Stafford;
H. R. No. 193. An act for the relief of Alton
Nelson;
H. R. No. 166. An act to establish additional
land districts in the Territory of Minnesota; and
H. R. No. 124. An act for the relief of Lemuel
Hudson.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of a bill granting lands equally
to the several States to aid in the construction of
railroads, and for the support of schools, on which
the gentleman from New'York [Mr. Bennett] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I would ask the
unanimous consent of the House for the introduc-
tion of the following resolution:
Resolved, That ttie Joint Committee on Printing be re-
quested to inquire into the propriety of publishing such
part of Ihe Census of 1850 as relates to vita! and mortality
statistics for distribution among the medical faculty of the
United States.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
introduced and adopted.
Mr. H1ESTER. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution, which
is one merely of inquiry.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Does the time con-
sumed in the introduction of these resolutions
come out of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I object.
Mr. HIESTER. If the resolution be read I am
sure the gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my objection.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to communicate to tilts House such information
concerning the frauds on the Pension Office, mentioned in
the late anuual report of the Commissioner of Pensions,
and any other similar frauds which may have since been
discovered, as will exhibit the nature and extent thereof.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
"Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin, in reference to cheap postage;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN GUSMAN, OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to report back
from the Committee on Private Land Claims Sen-
ate bill entitled "An act for the relief of John
Gusman, of Louisiana."
Mr. BOCOCK. What peculiar importance is
there in that bill that it should be reported before
other bills in the hands of members of the stand-
ing committees?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks to be
permitted to report back the bill from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. What disposition does
the gentleman from Ohio propose to make of the
bill?
Mr. NICHOLS. The bill merely proposes to
confirm a land title. It has passed the Senate
twice, and has been carefully examined by the
Committee on Private Land Claims. It merits
consideration, and I hope that the House will act
upon it now.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the inves-
tigation of the bill will be gone into now.
Mr. KERR, and several other Members, ob-
jected.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope there will be no ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. Half a dozen gentlemen
object.
Mr. NICIIOLS. Then, sir, if objection is
made, I move to refer the bill to a Committee of
the'Whole House.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I would re-
spectfully ask the permission of the House to
have that bill put upon its passage. Its passage
is asked by the Committee on Private Land
Claims. It has passed the Senate twice, and has
been reported favorably upon by the Committee
on Public Lands in the House. It is a claim
which is also recommended by the Land Office.
The gentleman interested is a Creole, who knows
very little of our language. He is here with his
family at much expense,'and has been here for
some time, and the bill simply proposes to correct
a little informality in respect to his title.
I hope there will be no objection to the passage
of the bill. The Representative of the claimant is
obliged to leave the city, and when the bill comes
up there will be no one from the State of Louis-
iana, who has examined the case, to give that ex-
planation which I am prepared to give now.
Mr. BENNETT. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that the bill reported by me from
the Committee on Public Lands was postponed
til! this morning. 1 have been requested by sev-
eral members to ask a further postponement of
the consideration of that bill for two weeks, and
I am willing that it shall be so postponed, if it is
the unanimous wish of the House.
The amendment which has been proposed to it
is one that will undoubtedly give rise to discus-
sion, and occupy some time. If it is the unani-
mous consent of the House to postpone it for two
weeks, the gentleman from Louisiana can go on
with his bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York proposes to postpone the further considera-
tion of the hill first in order, being the bill reported
by himself from the Committee on Public Lands,
until this day two weeks. If there is no objec-
tion, that order will be made.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois.' What is
the order proposed ?
The SPEAKER. The postponement for two
weeks of this bill.
Mr. WARREN. What is the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by the
gentleman from New York from the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object to its further
postponement. It has been postponed once al-
ready.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be
upon postponing it.
Mr. PERKINS. I hope it will be postponed.
That will suit the views of the gentleman from
New York, and will certainly suit mine. My
amendment will come up at the same time as the
bill, and we are both obliged to be absent from the
city. I therefore hope the House will consent to
the postponement of the bill.
Mr. DEAN. I move to refe'r the bill to the
Commitree of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now pend-
ing; but the motion to postpone to a day certain
takes precedence.
Mr. DEAN. I understood that the Speaker
did not entertain that motion the other day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman misunder-
stood the Chair.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to inquire whether
the question is on referring the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. No; it is on postponing the
bill for two weeks. That is the question, and it
must be first put to the House.
Mr. WARREN. I wish to know if it is not in
order to move now to refer the bill to the Com'
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair states again that
that motion is already pending. .
Mr. WARREN. That is the disposition I desire
to be made of the bill.
The SPEAKER. But the motion to postpone
to a day certain takes precedence by express
rule of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would respectfully sug-
gest to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
net.t] that he name a later period for the post-
ponement. 1 would ask the Chair if it is not
competent for him to do so?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for him to
name a later period; and the question would be
first taken on the latest period named.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. As I under?
stand it, the gentleman from New York will be
absent from the city after the period named by
him.
Mr. McMULLIN. And I shall be absent at
the period of time he indicates.
The SPEAKER. What time does the gentle-
man from Virginia propose to which the consid-
eration of the bill shall be postponed ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I propose the first day of
June.
Mr. BENNETT. That period would be ex-
tremely inconvenient for me.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think it best to move
to postpone it until after the Nebraska bill is
acted upon. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
as the gentleman from Illinois must be aware.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to postpone the
consideration of the bill until the fifteenth day of
July next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 65, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, Jamps C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Barksdale, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Ohasiain,
Chnsman, Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dent. Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton,
Edmundson, Elliott, Ellison, English, Fuller, Goode, Ham-
ilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Ihbbard,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Knox, Lane, La-
tham, Lnid^ley, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Nichols,
Olds, Parker, Phelps, Phillips, Richardson, Thomas
Ritohey, Robbins, Ruffin, Sapp, Shaw, Shower, Gerrit
Smith, GeoraeW. Sinylh, David Stuart, Vansant, Walker,
Warren, Eliihu B. Washburne, WeliB, John Wemworth,
Daniel B. Wright, and Yates—65.
NAYS—xMessrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Bissell,
Bliss, Bugg, Campbell,Carpenter,Chandler,Chase, Church-
well, Corwm, Crocker, Cuilom, Thomas Davis, Dickinson,
Edmands, Eiheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,
Florence, Goodrich, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Hasting5?, Haven, Ilie^ter, Howe, Hughes. Hunt, Daniel T.
Jonpp, Kerr, Kittredge, Kurtz, Letcher, Lindley, McMul-
Jm, Mace, Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarth, John G. Mil-
ler, Morgan, Morrison, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Peck, John Perkins, Pratt, Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Rowfi, Sabin, Sage, Seward. Seymour, Skelton, WiJJiam
R. Smith, Snodgrasgj Frederick P. Stanton, HesiorL. Ste-
vens, Andrew Stuart,John J. Taylor, John L.Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Upham, Vail, Wade, (srae!
Washburn, and Zollicoffer—76.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
After the call of the vote, Mr. MURRAY
stated that if he had been within the bar of the
House he should have voted in the negative.
Mr. STRATTQN also stated that if he had been
present he should have voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York moves to postpone the consideration of the
bill to this day two weeks; and the gentleman from
Virginia moves to strike out this day two weeks,
and insert in lieu thereof "the first day of June."
The question will be first upon the latter motion.
Mr. ASHE. Would it be in order to move to
postpone the consideration of the bill indefinitely ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
until the pending motions to postpone to a day
certain, and to commit the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, are first
disposed of. Then the motion to postpone indefi-
nitely can be made, which, if carried, would be
tantamount to a rejection of the bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
lin's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ben-
nett's motion; and the further consideration of
the bill was postponed till this day two weeks.
Mr. PERKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the consideration of the bill was post-
poned this day two weeks, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter ittotion
was agreed to.
