1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
Mr. WALKER. Then 1 move the suspension j
of the rules, or of so much of the rules as applies ;
to this case.
Mr. TAYLOR. I did not hear the resolution ;
distinctly. Will the Clerk read it again: i
The resolution was accordingly read a second j
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New ,
York moves to suspend the rule, which requires ■
the resolution to lie over one day.
Mr. WALKER. I call for tellers upon that |
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was not agreed to.
So the resolution went over under the rules.
THANKS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. 1 was prevented this ,
morning from submitting the resolutions which I j
hold in my hand, and I offer them now, moving ;
at the same time to refer them to the select com- i
miUee which is to be appointed to consider the |
subject-matter of similar resolutions which were
offered this morning, and upon the resolutions I
call the previous question.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, Tftat the Committee on Military Affans be in-
structed to have prepared a joint resolution, extending the
thanks of Congress to Urtptain Oreighton, of the BritiMi
ship Three Bells, to the commands of the bark Kilhy, |
of Boston, and ship Antaictie, of New York, for the humane ;
and geaeious conduct in rescuing the officers and new of j
the mail steamer San/ranci^co in then late perilous expo- j
sure on the ocean; wh'ich wasaecomptir-hed at the imminent ;
hazard of their lives, and those who acted under their !
command. I
Revolted, That the committee, by bill or otherwise, ic- j
port the necessary testation, making ptovi-ion by the Gov- >
eminent of the United States to indemnify the lo>ses in- ■
ctiricd by the commanders and o\\ ner& of the ve-t-els above |
named. in their endeavors to save the lives of the officers '
and -oldiesof the United Slates Army from the wieck of
the San Francisco, and to inquire into the piopnety of !
granting some testimonial of appiobcttnm in tlie command- j
eis, ofrieers, and cruw of the Thiee 13ells, Kilby, and Ant- 1
arctic.
The SPEAKER. The committee to which the
gentleman proposes to refer the resolutions is a
joint committee of the two Houses.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. Then I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
so referred.
REMOVAL OF GREENE C. BRONSON.
Mr. MAURICE offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That tlie removal of GieeneC. Hron^on, late
Ollectoi of the poit of Npw York, by the Soeretaiy of the
Tieasurv, for the causes aliened in tlie correspondence be-
tween Mich rieeretatv and the Mid Broi^on, and the re-
cently published lettei'of the Attorney Genera! of ihe United
StaU'3 to a eiii/.on of Ma-: aclitt^eU-, in relation to tin1 de-
sil'u of the Go\ernmeiit to " crush out ' a paiti«' lar senti-
ment of political actum, wcie, and each of tlmm u a , a
gio*> infringement of the sacred pinuipleof State ri-rhts,
and an attempt on the past of the Fedeial Government to
contiol or influence tlie fiee exerci-c ot the elective (ran- ,
ehise by the people of sovereign States, and, as Mich, de- !
ser\ef the disapprobation and een<-uro of tin-* House. 11
Resolved, That it be reieired to the Committee on the ,1
Judieiarj to inquire and report whether any Ionization is ,j
nece^sarv to preserve fiom futuie violation the inalienable
light of the citizens of the sot era! States to conduct their j
sepaiate State elections in their own way, unawed and un- j
influenced by the interference of tedeial officers m such ,i
election?. ij
Mr. WALSH. I propose to debate that reso- j
Iution. . i1
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York to debate the resolution
carries it over.
PROTECTION TO AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. LYON presented the following resolution; !
which wfis read, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs:
Resolved, That the sentiments of his r.xcellency the ■
Pie&idcnt of the United State®, as set lOith m his mau- ,
gural addicts, in icspect to the rialit of eveiy Amencan
citizen. hi any part of the wot Id. to the ptoUctioii of the
United States Government, and tlie gieat principle? onutei-
national law enunciated in the correspoudenc x <>t ^ecietiiry
Mai .'y, with tiie. Chevalier HiiUemann, .ire heieby recog-
nized ami atfiitned, and that whenevei a proper occasion
occurs., the same ou<ilit to be applied and enloiced.
Mr. PERKINS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ROWE. I ask leave to withdraw the
panels and petition of Joseph A;l. Youn^, asking
for an increase of pension for services in the war
of 1812, for the purpose of verification, and for
other proof.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to vote it.
Mr. LETCHER. It is not unusual forgentle-
men to withdraw papers, and to present them,
after an interval of ten years, in an entirely differ-
ent shape. I have no objection to allowing cer-
tified copies to be taken of the papers.
The SPEAKER. If debated, the proposition
goes over.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
House adjourn.
NEW REGISTER.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled, a bill
"to change the name of the American-built bris:
John Dutton,and to grant a register in her name;"
which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
THE NAVIGATION OF THE HUDSON.
Mr. WHEELER. I offer the following reso-
lution:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House for what reasons the nppiopiia-
tion ot ^50,000, made by the la^t Confess for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Hudson river, lias been
withheld; and, also, why come definite actum has not been
taken in reference to the >aid linptovement."
Mr. EASTMAN". I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that the gentleman
will withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. DRUM. I hold in my hands a resolution
relative to the pay and mileage of Mr. Muhlen-
berg, which I desne to offer.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 wish to inijniie if the mo-
tion to adjourn prevails, whether it would be in
order to nUioduce resolutions for the next two
weeks; all the States have not been called, and I
think it is unfair to adjourn now, without com-
pleting tlie call of the States.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is the motion made by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Dvvis,] that the House adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adjournment.
[Loud Cries of " Oh, no !"]
Mr. WHEELER. Well, I will withdraw the
demand.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew it.
Mr. CHURCHVVELL. I ask for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taktn; and, on a divi-
sion, theie were—ayes 93, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
CIRCUIT COURT IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
! Mr. HA YEN, in puisuance uf previous notice,
i intiuduced the following bill; which was read a
I first and second time by its' title, and refeired to
j the Committee on the Judiciary:
| " A bill to provide for holding a stated session
j of the circuit court of the United State?? for the
j northern district of New Yoik at the city of Buf- j
I falo, in said district, and to increase the salary of i
I the district judge m said district.51 i
j Mr. 11., in moving the reference of the above '
,! bill to the Committee on the Jiuitciaiy, expiessed
I a hope that that committee would give it an early
consideration.
COMMON SCHOOLS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to offer a resolution.
It is one in which I have no personal inteiest as a
Representative, but 1 offer it at the urgent request
of seveial gentlemen who are citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and I desire some action on the
subject at the proper time.
The resolution is in these words:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be m-tructed to inqune whetho theie aie any. mid if
i any, what laws are now in foiee in tlie District oj Colum-
' bia m ictereiHMj to tcliool> in said District; and that «nid
i Committee Imther inquuo whether legislation )s needed
' and expedient by Congre-s on the subject ot common
I schools m '•aid Distucl, «mtl that said committee repent by
J bill or otherwise.
: It will be perceived that the resolution merely
' asks for an mquiiy into the subject, and 1 hope
1 the House will pass it.
The question was taken upon the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
THE ERIE CANAL.
Mr. FLAGLER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making suitable
grants of public lauds to aid in the enlaigement of the Erie
Canal.
The question was taken upon the resolution; and
it was rejected.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. SIMMONS, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions:
"A bill concerning invalid pensions, and regu-
lating the time of their commencement."
HENRY A. MUHLENBERG, DECEASED.
Mr. DRUM offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to direct the
payment to the widow of the Hon. Henry A. Muhlenberg,
deceased, Inte a member of this House, the daily pay and
mileage due him at the day of Ins death.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
DISASTERS TO THE COMMERCIAL MARINE.
Mr. DRUM. I desire to offer another resolu-
tion.
Mr. WHEELER. Let Pennsylvania have as
ftvir a chance as the other States.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. DRUM. I offer the following resolution;
and if there be objection to us consideration, move
a suspension of the rules:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval A flaiis be m-
acted to inqune mm the expediency ot authorizing, by
law, the Secretary ol the Navy to *quip and maintain
three public ve-M>ls at ihc Jiarbors> of Hoatoii, New Yoik,
and Not folk, respectively, which may promptly he medhy
the \avv Department, in the event ot any dia.islei to our
commercial marine, or of any other exigency requiting
their aid.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I propose to de-
bate that resolution.
Mr. OUR. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. LILLY. Did not the Chair forget to call
the State of New Jersey in its order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state to the House tiiat he had, through inadver-
tence, skipped over the State of New Jersey ill
the cull upon States for resolutions.
Mr. LILLY. I would ask whether, if the
House now adjourns, New Jersey or Pennsylva-
nia will be the'first State in the call at the next
time ?
The SPEAKER. New Jersey. If the House
refuses to adjourn, it is the purpose of the Chair
to call New Jeisey.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division, only G3 in
the atliimative.
Mr. LILLY. I desire to offer a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. DEAN. The gentleman cannot do so
now, for the reason that there is already a resolu-
tion pending.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
011 the resolution proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Air. Drum.]
Mr. J] AX WELL. I propose an amendment
to the gentleman's resolution. I move that a ves-
sel of "the charactei proposed be also stationed at
PensacoSa, in the State of l-^lorida.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would also suggest that
there be one at the Delaware brealcwatei.
Mr. BOr.OCIC. I would ask the gentleman
who has ofieied the resolution one question,
do not propose to oder an amendment.
The SPEAKER. No discussion, no amend-
ment is now in order.
Mr MAXWELL. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania accepts the amendment I have pro-
posed, I will introduce it at this point.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman s amendment
,vin |,e m order after the House determines the
proposition to suspend the rule.requiruig the reso-
lution, as it is one for inhumation, to lie over one
da,fhe question was then put on the motion to
suspend the rule, and it was not agreed to.
