1752
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
by Captain Easton, in consequence, as is shown
by his affidavit, and those of the clerks in the
quartermaster's department, of the necessities "of
the garrison, and he demanded that the supplies
be brought on immediately, and if not, that he
would have them brought at the contractor's ex-
pense. The agent, consequently, returned to the
V encampment, and thence hastened the supplies
through to Santa Fe. To effect this, it appears
by the deposition of the agent, C. 0. Jones, that
he expended upwards of 114,000 in the purchase
of forage, and in the hire of extra teams and men;
and from sundry depositions, that nearly the
■whole number of the cattle belonging to the trains
perished from the exposure. It also appears that,
on the settlement of the estate of the deceased
partner, (Brown,) the actual loss of the contract-
ors in the transaction was a fraction less than
$40,000. It is shown that these losses might
have been avoided by a temporary delay at the
point where the trains were encamped.
Mr. MILLER. The claim of these parties, as
the committee will have seen by the reading of the
report, grows out of a contract made with the
quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth in 1850. That
contract was made at a very late period of the sea-
son, for the transportation of supplies.from Fort
Leavenworth to Santa Fe, for the use of the army
at the Jatter point. The distance, I believe, be-
tween the two points, is about eight hundred miles.
Tiie contract was made very late m the fall, and,
as Che report states, the services of no person
could be obtained to undertake the transport of
these supplies except the claimants, who had pre-
viously to this time, served the Government in the
same capacity. And I may be permitted here to
say, that they are as energetic and enterprising
men as any that were ever employed by the Gov-
ernment in the same service. Tliese contractors
were, as 1 remarked, the only persons whose ser-
vices could be procured, or who would undertake
the service at so late a period of the season. They
undertook, by their contract, to transport the sup-
plies to Santa Fe with all practicable dispatch;
and, for the purpose of fulfilling their contract,
they employed about a hundred wagons, with
about twelve hundred oxen—making six hundred
yoke. They arrived within about forty-five miles
of Santa FE, when they were overtaken by a
snow storm, which was unusual and unprece-
dented, even in that portion of the country; and
they had to,take refuge in a gorge of the mount-
ains for protection from the severity of the weath-
er. While there, one of the contractors—Brown^
and the only one of them that was then with the
train—left the train, and proceeded to Santa Fe
for the purpose of informing the officer in com-
mand of the troops there that provisions were
within fnrty-five miles of Santa Fe, but that it
was impracticable to carry them into Santa Fe !
without the loss of animals during the continuance j
of the severe stress of weather. The commanding !
officer at Santa Fe, seeing that the troops were in
need of supplies, and particularly of" antiscorbu-
tics—as they were then suffering severely from
want of that kind of provisions—acquired that the
contractor should bring in the supplies at all haz-
ards, although the contract was to carry them
with all possible dispatch.
Mr. Brown was a man of great energy of char-
acter; and although he was willing to undertake
the task, yet while he was still in Santa Fe, and
before hecould return to the wagons, he was taken
sick from the effects of the exposure to the snow-
storm which he had undergone and died. One of
theagents who had been left in chargeof'the wagon
train then went on to Santa Fe, and was ordered
by Captain Easton to bring in the provisions at all
hazards. Although he hud had twelve hundred
oxen to draw the one hundred wagons, still they
were not sufficient to draw them during that
storm; and be expended §14,000 for the purpose
of hiring additional aid for the transportation of
these supplies; they undertook the task, and pro-
ceeded to Santa Fe. But the consequence was,
that out of twelve hundred oxen that had been \
provided for the transportation of these supplies, |
they lost every one but seventeen, making some j
eleven hundred and eighty odd oxen that had
died from exposure to the storm.
There was another train engaged in the trans-
portation of supplies to the same place, a few
miles behind them, in a gorge of the mountain,
during this storm. They remained there till it had
passed, and subsequently went into Santa Fe;
and the oxen used in that train were afterwards
sold for beef, and at high prices. So that it will
appear to the committee that the loss was occa-
sioned by that order of the officer at Santa Fe,
commanding these contractors to take the provis-
ions into Santa Fe at all hazards.
I move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am impressed with the
conviction that there is an important principle in-
volved in this case, which ought not hastily to be
adopted by the committee. 1 believe it to have
been a very hard case for those contractors.
They probably have met with a great loss;but the
whole matter seems to rest upon this one fact, that
instead of abiding by their contract, they surren-
dered their own judgment to the officer in com-
mand at Fort Leavenworth.
Mr. MILLER, (interrupting.) There was but
one of the contractors sent with the train, and he
went on to Santa Fe for the purpose of advising
the commanding officer that he could not get
the provisions in. While there, he died from the
effects of exposure during thatsrtow storm. There
was no contractor left with the train. There were
only agents, who were ignorant of the terms of
the contract. One of them went to Santa Fe, and
the commanding officer required him to transport
the train of provisions at all hazards.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 believe that I apprehend
the case correctly. If I understand it now, that
officer had no more authority over that contract
than any individual member of this House. I wish
to be distinctly understood, because it is an ungra-
cious task to oppose any claim. These men were
bound to fulfill their contract with the Government;
and by that contract, as appears from the report,
and from the remarks of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, they were under obligation to take those
supplies to that point in the time in which they
did. But one of the contractors goes to the com-
manding officer, and he demands that the supplies
shall be forthwith brought in. His demand had
no more to do with the contract than the act of
any other individual. The contractor was under
no more obligation to pay any attention to his
commands and directions than to those of any
other man. And are thefunds in theTreasury of
the United States at the command of every mili-
tary officer in our employ ? Is it in the power of
that commanding officer to involve us in an ex-
penditure of §40,000? It strikes me not.
The whole matter seems to rest here: Had that
officer the power to involve this Government in
in this unnecessary expenditure, contrary to the
terms of the contract? If 1 am wrong, 1 wish to
besetrixht.
Mr. BENTON, (interrupting). I very cheer-
fully undertake to comply with the desire ex-
pressed by the member from Ohio in his last
remark, that if wrong, he wished to be set right.
I undertake to comply with that request, and
to show him that he is about nine hundred miles
wrong. [Laughter.] The gentleman says that
these contractors yielded to Major Ogden, and
surrendered their judgment to his, which they
ought not to have done. Now, Major Ogden was
at Fort Leavenworth, and with him the contract
was made for transporting these provisions to
Santa Fe. He inspected the train, with the burden
wagons, and the twelve hundred oxen, andjudged
them to be sufficient, and they went on their way.
Now, we all know, that in the western country, !
on those vast plains, when there comes on a storm, i
no animal life can stand it, if exposed to it; and, |
therefore, when a storm arises, the effort is to get I
into a grove of wood, or into a gorge in the mount-
ain—into a cafion—and there lie still until it has
blown over. And woe unto those who are not
able to get into the woods, or into a canon. Men
have perished; mules have perished. Fourteen
hundred oxen perished at one time because they
were not able to get to the woods.
When these storms come on you must get
shelter; you must lie still until they have gone by.
All this was foreseen; all this was known by Major
Ogden, who made the contract, and by the con-
tractors; and, therefore, no definite time was fixed
wiihin which they should reach the other end of
the journey." Well, sir, they proceeded, and had
reached within fifty miles of their destination, when
this storm came on; and when they did what all
persons tinder such circumstances would have been
bound to do—they took shelter in a mountain
gorge or canon. And here let me say, that
another train—I am not certain whether public or
private—took shelter from the same storm near
them. They watched until it had blown over, and
then took their train into Santa Fe, and sold their
cattle as beef cattle, after having done the trans-
portation. And that would have been the result
with these parties, if they had not been placed in
duress, and been compelled to go on. One of the
contractors went forward during the storm, to let
the commanding officer at Santa Fe know that
they were coming, and what stopped them. He
lost his life in consequence of the exposure to
which he was subjected. An agent then left the
train, and went to Santa Fe. The commanding
officer gave orders that these supplies must be
there by such a time. The order of the command-
ing officer was peremptory for him to go on with
the supplies; and he threatened that it' the con-
tractors did not come on, he would send out and
bring the supplies in at.their expense. Under these'
circumstances they were placed under duress; they
were not able to exercise volition. They must
either incur the enormous expense of being brought
in by force, under a military escort, or go on at
the risk of their lives. They proceeded, and lost
jrtieir twelve hundred, oxen, and $14,000 was the
expense incurred in endeavoring to comply with
this military order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I notice by the report of the
committee that these contractors agreed to forward
the supplies with all practical dispatch. Now, I
desire to ask the gentleman from Missouri—for 1
am sure, from his experience, he will be able to
inform me—whether this commanding officer at
Fort Leavenworth could change that contract in
any respect ? *
Mr. BENT&N. Nine hundred miles from the
point! [Laughter.] The commanding officer at
Fort Leavenworth did not change it, nor had he
anything to do with the order. It was Captain
Easton, at the other end of the journey—nine
hundred miles off.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman does not
comprehend me, or I do not comprehend myself.
Do 1 understand the gentleman that the difficulty
occurred in consequence of the commanding officer
at Fort Leavenworth saying he would furnish
other means of transportation, if the contractors
did not go on?
Mr. BENTON. Not at all. Not at all. Re-
member that this road is nine hundred miles long.
The course has two ends to it. [Laughter.] One
end is on the Missouri river at Fort Leavenworth
the Other end is on the Rio Grande del Norte at
Santa Fe. At- one end i3 Major Ogden, the quar-
termaster who contracts; at the other end is Cap-
tain Easton who commands. One sends the pro-
visions, and the other is to receive them. Captain
Easton sends out not to employ for transportation
but to take possession of the supplies, and bring
them in at the expense of the con tractor. That is
the point. I hope my friend is answered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. With great respect to the
gentleman, I want to inquire of him whether the
officer possessed that power ?
Mr. BENTON. Which of them?
Mr. GIDDINGS.. Captain Easton. Had he
the power to transport these provisions at the
public expense when the contractor was abiding
by his contract.
Mr. BENTON. He had the precise power
either to send out a military escort and take pos-
session of them, or to hire men to go out, take
possession, and bring them in.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Was that the contract?
Mr. BENTON. No, sir. It was no part of
the contract.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is what I want to get at.
Mr. BENTON. He is commanding officer,
and judges of the necessity for supplies; and it is
what he thinks necessary, under the circumstances,
that he is bound to do to get them. That is the
point. ^
Mr. GIDDINGS. Had that commanding of-
ficer any power to change the contract in any
respect ?
Mr. BENTON. I do not understand that any
change was made in it.
Mr. GIDDINGS, Had he the power to make
this Government liable for one dollar beyond the
contract ?
