894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
JOHN GUSMAN.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the lequest made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] that the Senate bill enti-
tled 44 An act for the relief of John Gusman, of
Louisiana," which was reported back from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, be received
and disposed of by the House. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be ordered to a third reading.
The bill was then read a third time in extenso.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I move the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to know something
more in relation to the bill just read, and ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his demand for
the previous question, so as to enable me to ask
for information.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio consent to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes; T withdraw it for the
purpose of answering the inquiries of the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to make
one or two inquiries in relation to the bill before
the House; and first, I desire to know from the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] orfrom
the gentleman representing the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, [Mr. Nichols,] whether there
has been any legal proceedings m the courts of
justice in regard to this bill?
Mr. NICHOLS. I will answer the inquiry of
the gentleman from New York. This bill, Mr.
Speaker, belongs to a class of claims in Louisiana
for which Congress, some years since, passed
various acts allowing confirmation, under which
many similar claims were confirmed. But in this
case, by the laches of the parties in interest, who
were probably unaware of the necessity for such
confirmation, it never was confirmed. Subse-
quently an act wan passed by Congress authoriz-
ing courts of justice—the courts of the United
Siates—to take cognizance of a certain class of
claims in Louisiana. By virtue of that act of
Congress this case was presented to the courts
for confirmation, hut it was never tried upon its
merits. The courts there decided that the act
allowing the courts to take cognizance of this
certain class of claims did not cover the class of
cases where the lands were held by possession
only, and not by written evidence of title derived
from the United States. This, I understand, was
the point on which the court made its decision.
The lands claimed by the petitioner, and con-
firmed to him by this bill, have been in the undis-
puted possession of the party asking for confirm-
ation for nearly half a century. This body—the
House of Representatives—has reported at a for-
rmr session in favor of relief, and the Senate has
repotted in favor of relief. But when we came on
heie at this session we found among the papeis in
the committee room of the private land claims, re-
ports regularly drawn, confirming the title, but :
which had not been submitted to this body at the
Inst Congress for want of time.
Mr. H AVEN. I have another question to ask
in relation to this bill. I would like to know if
the sole basis on which this claim is founded is the
lengthened possession of thirty-odd years in which
it has been in the hands of the claimants?
Mr. NICHOLS. The party in interest, under
the bill, holds by an original purchase, in which
a ronsideraf ion was paid.
Mr. HAVEN. Was there a purchase and
payment?
Mr. NICHOLS. There was an original pur-
chase made from a tribe of Indians, who were the
owners at the time, and had possession, under
whom this party claims, and from whom he pur-
chased long before the United States came in pos-
session of the Louisiana purchase.
Mr. HAVEN. How many acres were there?
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Perkins] can better answer that ques-
tion than 1 can.
Mr. PERKINS. I answer to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haven] that I cannot state
the precise number of acres. It is more a question [
of principle. The land is not valuable, being j
mostly pine wood. On one portion of it there is '
a brick-yard; and that, I believe, gives the tract
most of its value.
The population of that section were mostly
French, who were not familiar with our laws and
customs. The possession has been continuous,
and the Land Office reports have been in favor of
it; the Senate has passed it, and, without hesita-
tion, the committee in this House unanimously
ask its passage. It is a simple informality that
the bill is intended to remedy.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to detain the
House on this subject. I would have preferred
the bill if it had been in a shape conforming with
previous legislation, authorizing the claimant to
make his claim in the same manner as though he
had held under a written agreementor instrument.
But, under the explanation of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] I make no opposition
to the bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I renew my motion for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The main question being, "Shall the bill pass?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw that motion for a moment,
for the purpose of asking the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] if he will not consent to
postpone the special order which is m order this
morning, inasmuch as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Cullom] desires toaddrcss the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HAVEN. If thegentleman from Alabama
will not postpone it longer, will he consent to
postpone it one or two hours?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope he will postpone
it for two weeks.
Mr. COBB. I am perfectly willing to oblige
any gentleman as to the time of postponement. I
consider the matter so plain that it certainly will
pass when it shall be considered. I am perfectly
willing to postpone it for two weeks, hut with the
understanding that we shall go on with the morn-
ing hour,
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object to postponing
it for two weeks. It has already been postponed
once.
Mr. COBB. Then I am disposed to accommo-
date the gentleman, and as the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Cullom] wishes to speak this
morning, I move to postpone the consideration of
the special order until two o'clock to-day.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. COBB, i now insist upon the regular
order of business.
On motion by Mr. PENTON, it was
Ordpjed, That leave b > granted to withdraw from the
files of the Mouse tin3 petition and paport* of Jonathan Sly-
ter, k)i the puipo>e of referring them to the Pension Office.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move thattheHouse
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the yeas and nays.
I want to see who will vote to deprive us of the
morning hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If we wait for that, the
gentleman from Tennessee will not have his hour
to speak in committee. 1 hope we shall go into
committee now. •
Mr. H AMI LTON. How long before the morn-
ing hour will be out ?
The SPEAKER.. In twenty minutes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is not a long time
enough to make it worth while to call the yeas and
nays on.
Mr. OLDS. It is very important that we
should have those twenty minutes. I hope we
shall have the yeas and nays.
The veos and nays were not ordered.
Mr. OLDS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Camp-
bell's motion agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whoieon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Fuller m the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill (No. 48) "making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1*55."
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cullom]
was upon the floor, and is notf entitled to the
same.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. CULLOM, after pi eliminary remarks, said
that when he left Tennessee he had not dreamed
that he should be called upon to participate in the
vexed question which has sprung on the House
by the biil to organize territorial governments for
Nebraska and Kansas. He came hither to par-
ticipate in the legislation necessary to our com-
mon country. The honest claims of hundreds of
our citizens are to be postponed, ruled out of court;
the stream of legislation is to be dammed up by
this nefarious project, which he intended to de-
nounce as a work of politicians, to strangle the
legislation of the country for personal aggiandize-
ment. He believed, in the face of God, that he
should be a coward if he did not denoum e it. He
should not beaTennesseean if hedid not denounce
this plot against the peace and quiet of the Union.
Yes, Nebraska and Kansas, and Kansas and Ne-
braska, is the hue and cry. Tnese Halls are made
vocal with the sound of these cant phrases; and
we are told that territorial governments must
forthwith be given them; and the compromise of
1820, the work of our fathers, completed in times
of great public excitement, when the Union of
these States was in jeopardy, is to be repudiated
and trampled underfoot.
This is a naked question of repudiation or no
repudiation. You may, he said, talk to me about
bad faith and outraged southern honor, but 1 tell
you the North and the South, the East and the
West, that this is a naked question whether the
sons, the descendants of our patriotic fathers, who
pledged their honor on a great and momentous
question, will repudiate their solemn obligations
on a mere quibble and plea.
The question had been sprung on him like a
fire-bell at midnight. Where, he asked, was the
voice of the people, North or South, asking for
the passage of this measure, thus to bring the
North and South by the ears, and reopen the
fountain of bitter waters and the agitations which
had well nigh severed this Union?
The measure came from a defeated presidential
aspirant—defeated in 1850. This was the starting
point, and should be known from Maine to the
Pacific. Where are the South ? Where have they
been? Sleeping on their watc.htower for thirty-
four years? Was it necessary that they should be
waked up to their interests by your big or little
giants? [Laughter.] Pie [Senator Douglas] is
the great Sanhedrim of the State of Illinois, [laugh-
ter,] overshadowing everything. He has out-
heroded Herod, and out southed the South.
He referred to the fact that Senator Douglas,
in 1849, 1850, and in 1854, regarded the Missouri
compromise as a binding contract, but now pro-
poses to repeal it. The "Union," which de-
nounced such a purpose, soon afterwards seized
upon it as a means of nationalizing the Adminis-
tration.
He denied that the North has repudiated the
Missouri compact, and" asked for the proof. It
could not be shown.
He spoke of the provisions of the bill, which,
he contended, does not contain the principle of
non-intervention which is claimed for it; and, in
conclusion, he defended the Missouri compro-
mise, and eulogized and vindicated the memory
of Tennesseeons who sustained and assisted in the
passage of that measure. The men of 1854 who
rise here and asperse their character shall always
find in him a vindicator.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. PHILLIPS obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB. I believe the floor has been as-
signed to my colleague, [Mr. Phillips,] but as
the time is so near when, by the order of the
House, we must take up the special order, with
his permission 1 will now make the motion to
take up House bill No. 1, the title of which is as
follows:
A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, man-
ufactures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting to every man who is the head of a fam-
ily, and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of the same for the period herein
