184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
Mr. LILLY. I propose the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be ins-trucied to inquire into the expediency of making a
grant of Jand to James W. Marshall, the discoverer of gold
in California; and to report by bill or otherwise.
The question was put on the adoption of the
resolution; and was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 call for tellers
on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York, and Clingman were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes not counted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays,
and move that tellers be appointed on the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The tellers then resumed their places; and having
counted the negative votes, reported noes 44.
So the motion was carried, and the House ac-
cordingly adjourned at twenty-five minutes before
four o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 17, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STEAMSHIP SAN FRANCISCO.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. appointed Messrs.
Shields, Gwin, Pearce, Hamlin, and Everett
the select committee on the part of the Senate, m
accordance with the resolution adopted yesterday,
to join such committee as may be appointed by
the House of Representatives, to consider and
report on a proper form of suitable acknowledg-
ment to the gallant men who rescued the passen-
gers and crew of the steamship San Francisco.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Post Office Department,
communicating, in compliance with the resolution
of the 9'h instant, a statement of the causes of
the detentions of the northern mail between the
cities of New York and Washington; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a communication from the State Depart-
ment, transmitting, incompliance with the acts of
April 20, 1818, and August 26, 1842, a statement
of the names of clerks and other officers employed
in the Department, or in any of its offices, during
the year 1853, &c.
Also, a communication from the Department of
the Interior, transmitting, in compliance with the
joint resolution of May 29, 1830, a list of such
persons as have made application for pensions,
and who ought, in the opinion of the Department,
to be placed on the pension rolls, but for which
there ia no sufficient authority in law, on account
of an omission in the act of February 3, 1853, to
provide for their class of claims; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
Jacques Charlant, praying for arrearages of pay
for services in the war of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, praying for the reduction of
ocean postage; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of John
Young, and other citizens of Ohio, praying that
further protection be afforded to inventors, and
those holding rights under them; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand a memo-
rial from citizens of New York, in which they
pray that Congress will take such steps as may
be necessary to separate the Federal Government
from all connection whatever with slavery and the
slave trade by the repealing of all acts authorizing
or supporting the same. Among the signers of
this memorial are many eminent in various walks
of life. Here are Willi am Jay and John Jay,
who in the second and third generation honor the
name of an illustiious revolutionary patriot, and
the first chief justice of this country. Here also
is the name of our recent associate in this body,
John P. Hale. As this memorial, in its various
points and hearings, is not within the province of
any single standing committee of the body, I shall
not move its reference to anyone of them; but
shall await the motion for a special committee.
In the mean time, I move that it lie upon the table, j|
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also a remonstrance,
signed by some of the same persons from the city
of New York, against paying for the Amistad
negroes, on the ground that they were native ne-
groes who had "been kidnapped and reduced to j
slavery by an act of piracy. As the question of |
paying for these negroes is now before the Com- j
mittee on Foreign Relations, I move the reference ;
of the remonstrance to that committee. I
The motion was agreed to. ' |
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of Robert
C. Thompson, only surviving child and adminis-
trator of William Thompson, praying to be al-
lowed the seven years' half pay to which his father
was entitled for services during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying that the United States Mint in that city
may not be removed therefrom; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Mary F. B. Levely, pray- -j
ing'to be allowed the arrears of pension due her :j
husband, Henry Levely; which was referred to jj
the Committee on Pensions. 1
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented |j
the petition of John Reddin, late a soldier in the 11
army, and discharged on account of a disability, 1
praying a pension; which was referred to the Com- i
mittee on Pensions. . !
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens of 1
Allen county, Indiana, praying a donation of land |
to the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa, for the ,
construction of a railroad from Fort Wayne via
Rochester, Lacon, New Boston, and Wapello, to
Council Bluff City; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
• Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of Daniel
Kelly, praying compensation for his losses and
suffering during his imprisonment in the Island of
Cuba in 1810; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Hiram Paulding, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief The bill was read, and
ordered to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred thepetition of Albert
Hart, reported a bill increasing his pension; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Lavmia Taylor; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
He aiso, from the same committee, submitted
adverse reports upon the petitions of John Brown
and Orson Young; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
which was referred the memorial of Joseph L.
Smith, praying that certain public documents
may be given to each of the common schools of
the United States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
John Bamsey, praying authority to locate a land
warrant granted to him for services in the war of
1812, on any public lands subject to private entry,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill to ex-
tend the provisions of the several laws granting
bounty lands to officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the papers in the case of William Eaton, in
the case of James D. Cobb, and in the case of A.
A. Cole; which was agreed to. The reports of
the committee weie ordered to be printed.
He aiso, from the same committee, to which
were referred the papers in the case of Allen G.
Johnson, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Adam B. Stewart, a
paymaster in the United States Army, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were referred the petition of Catharine
Clark, and the petition ofBenjamin Perkins, sub-
mitted adverse reports thereon.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which were referred documents in
the case of William Senna Factor, reported a bili
for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a
second readirg.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of John M. Mackintosh, asked to he discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The select committee to which
were referred the bill to provide for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of French spoliations prior
to July 31, 1801, and sundry papers on the sub-
ject, has directed me to report back the bill, with
: a recommendation in favor of its passage. 1 de-
i sire to give notice that I shall at an early day ask
j for a vote of the Senate upon the bill.
j MAJOR RINGGOLD.
I Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Military
i Affans, to which was referred a joint resolution
1 for the presentation of a sword to the nearest male
I relative of the late Major Samuel Ringgoli, has
, had the same under consideration, and directed
me to report that it is inconsistent with the insti-
i tutions of the country to pass such a resolution.
I Honors and distinctions are not hereditary with
: us. The committee does not think that an excep-
| tion should be made by special legislation; and,
i therefore, while it acknowledges the meritorious
! services and gallant conduct of the late Major
; Ringgold, it directs me to report adversely, and to
| move that the joint resolution lie upon the table.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. EVERETT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Charles
A. Kilby.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOUGLAS, in accordance with previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bili to authorize the sale of reserved lands, and for
otherpurposes; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on MihtaryAlfairs.
Mr. SHIELDS asked, and by unanimous con
sent, obtained leave to introduce a bill to aid the
Territory of Minnesota in constructing a railroad
for military, postal, and other pui poses; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, asked, and by unani-
mous consent, obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the payment of outstanding loan office and
final settlement certificates, issued for money
, loaned, or for services, or for supplies during the
j revolutionary war; which was read twice by its
| title, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
i tionary Claims.
j Mr. NORRIS, agreeably to previous notice,
I asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to in-
corporate the proprietors of the Washington Cem-
etery; which was read a first and second time by
; its title, and referred to the Committee on the
j District of Columbia.
| JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO.
| Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to proceed to
; the consideration of the bill to divide the State of
1 Ohio into two judicial districts. It will beremem-
| bered that a few days ago, this bill was considered
i by the Senate; but on the motion of the Sena-
j tor from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] it was
