896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12.
Clerk will report the
gentleman from Virginia is rather late in making
his objection.
Mr. LETCHER. X do not object at all, Mr,
Speaker. 1 simply put it to the House as a plain
practical matter of fact business, what is the use
of referring: bills, when the committee's hands are
already full of business which they have not had
an opportunity of reporting on?
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER S TABLE.
The SPEAKER. The first bill in order upon
the Speaker's table is House bill " for the relief
of Mary Deany, widow of the late Lieutenant
James A. Deany, of the United States Army,"
which has been returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I know, Mr.Speaker, what
the amendment is, and move that the Plouse con-
cur in it.
The SPEAKER. Th
amendment:
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
" At the end of the bill, add the following words:1 under
sixteen years of age.' "
The bill, as amended, will read as follows:
"That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and he is hereby,
required to place the name of the said Mary Deanv on the
pension roll, and cause to be puid to her the sum of fifteen
dollars per month for the term of ten years, commencing
Jannaiy 1st, 1853: Provided, That in c;ue ofthemuniage or
death ot the said Mary Deany, the pension hereby granted
to her shall be pan! to her two children, or to the survivor
of them under sixteen years of age."
Mr. HAVEN. I move the previous question
upon the concurrence m that amendment.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. EDGERTON. Is it in order nowtomove
to commit that bill to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
main question lias been ordered to be put.
Mr. EDGERTON. Will it be in order to
move to refer it to a committee? 9
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make
any motion. The question is upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. MiDDLESWARTH. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Speaker. Is it intended by the
Senate amendment, when the widow dies, to ex-
tend the pension to the children ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate confines the pension to children under sixteen
yenra of age.
The main question being, "Shall the amend-
ment be concurred in?" it was put,and decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed sundry pnvate bills.]
The next bill upon the Speaker's table was then
reported by its title:
A bill for the relief of William B. Edwards.
The SPEAKER. This is a House bill^ to
which the Senate havemade an amendment. The
bill provides that the nameof William D. Edwards
shall be placed upon the pension roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on the
first of January, 1854. The Senate's amendment
is to correct a mere clerical error, which is to strike
out " 1854" and insert in lieu thereof " 1850."
The question was put; and the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in.
The following bills were then taken up, and
read a first and second time by their titles respect- '
ivelv, and referred as indicated below: |
An act to constitute Keokuk and Dubuque, in ,
the State of Iowa, ports of delivery—Committee !
on Commerce. I
An act to promote the efficiency of the Army, '
by retiring disabled officers—Committee on Mil- :
itary Alfans. j
An act to regulate the fees and compensation of i
the district attorneys in the courts of the United !
States for the Territories of Minnesota, New I
Mexico, and Utah—Committee on the Judiciary. !
An act to authorize the issue of registers to j
vessels owned by the Accessory Transit Com- i
pany—Committee on Commerce. j
An act to authorize the issue of patents of land I.
i in any State or Territory in certain cases—Com-
i mittee on Public Lands.
; An act to establish post roads in the State of
i California—Committee on the Post Office and Post
■ Roads.
. INDIANA AND ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
| The biil granting to the States of Indiana and
; Illinois a portion of the public lands to aid in the
| construction of the Indiana and Illinois Central
I railroad having been read a first and second time
j by its title,
| Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, said: I mean to make
j the motion that this bill be put upon its passage.
| Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the bill upon
| the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I have the floor, and the gentle-
man cannot, therefore, submit the motion before
moving to put the bill upon its passage; how-
ever, 1 desire to move to commit it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, so that it may be kept
before the House, in case of an adjournment be-
fore it is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit will
be entered.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to the floor upon (he motion to commit
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not desire to press this ques-
tion upon the consideration of the House at this
time, but merely wish to make a remark or two
before it is disposed of in any manner. I am
aware that it is taking the bill out of what is per-
haps the usual course to move to put it upon its
passage at this time; but the Committee on Public
Lands have agreed upon and now have a bill ready
to report to the House precisely in the same lan-
guage of that now before the House. As it there-
fore has the sanction of the Committee on Public
Lands, I do not see any necessity of referring it
to that committee for a report upon it. So much
for that point.
I repeat, that I do not wish to press action upon
the bill at this moment, unless it meet the appro-
bation of the House. If, however, there is unan-
imous consent, or if it is the general wish of the
House, I am willing to say what I have to any
upon the measure. Or if the House prefer, I will
defer it until some future time.
Several Members. Let it come up some other
time.
The SPEAKER Does the gentleman from
Indiana make the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill to any day certain ?
Mr. DAVIS. lam perfectly willing to make
that motion, if I can be sure that it will come up
at that time.
The SPEAKER. If that motion prevails, the
bill will again take its place upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. DAVIS. And will it come up in orde,r
when the House again resumes the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it will take its place in the fifth class of busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, if the House ad-
journs without disposing of it.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I do not so under-
stand the rule; but I wish to be certain as to the
point of order before I make any motion.
Mr. LETCHER rose.
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield to the gentleman
from Virginia, if he has any suggestion to make.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the gentleman
fiom Indiana should go on and make his speech
or make his motion, and let somebody else have
a chance. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I am entitled to the floor, and I
suppose I may either go on and make my speech
rapidly, or take my time for it. I wish, however,
that the Chair would decide the question definitely,
as to what will be the condition of the bill if it be
now postponed to a day certain.
The SPEAKER. If the consideration of the
bill be postponed to a day certain, it will come up
in its present order on the Calendar when the
House shall resume the consideration of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. That will be the
ruling of the Chair upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I make the motion, then, that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed for
two weeks from this day.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union,
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
a motion to postpone to a day certain takes pre-
cedence of a motion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence of a motion to postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
submits a motion that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it will be pending; and if the motion to postpone
fails, the question will come up on that motion to
refer.
The SPEAKER. That is true. The motion
to postpone to a day certain shuts out all amend-
ments and debate.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion that the bill be laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HIESTER called for the reading of the bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned, at half past
two o'clock, p. m., until to-morrow at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jipril 12, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
Thejourna! of yesterday was read and approved.
RESIGNATION OF MR. SMITH.
The PRESIDENT. I received yesterday from
the Senator from Connecticut this letter, which I
now present to the Senate;
Washington City, April 11, 1854.
Sir : I heieby resign my seat as a member of the Senate
of the United States, to take effect from and after the 24th
day of May next. ' TllUMAN SMITH.
To Hon. David R. Atchison,
President of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 7th ultimo, a statement of the
annual pay to the several railroad companies in
the United States for the transportation of the
mails; which was, on motion by Mr. Rusk, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Freeport,
Illinois, to Madison, Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of the
legal representatives of Henry Payson, of the
State of Maryland, praying indemnity for the loss
of a schooner which was chased "by an English
privateer into the harbor of Pampator, in the
island of Margaritta, and seized by the Spanish
authorities; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. PETTIT presented the petition of John B.
Chapman and ClarindaP. Chapman, praying that
steps may be taken to colonize and civilize the
Indians atPuget's Sound, m Washington Terri-
tory; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of American
citizens, residents of Philadelphia and Baltimore,
engaged in the importation of watches, diamonds,
and other precious stones, praying the removal of
the duties on those articles; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of John T.
Hildreth, praying that the widow of John Hil-
dreth, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
may be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to submit to the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Secretary of State,
accompanied by a letter from Hon. J. Y. Mason,
Minister at Paris, accompanied, also, by three
