186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 17
That is the main object of an incorporation. It
is neither more nor less than a partnership to be
created here; and I cannot consent to create it by
an enactment of Congress. I cannot see why
those whom he associates with himself, those into
whose confidence he enters—and they entering
into his in return—should not be collectively lia-
ble for all the engagements incurred in the carry-
ing on of that business for which he himself was
individually liable before. It is beyond my power
of comprehension.
It is no more and no less than a partnership.
Jf A starts a mercantile or manufacturing busi-
ness here, you say by your law he shall be liable
for all the debts incurred for carrying it on, of any
and every description. But you say, if you do
not adopt this amendment, that if a dozen or
twenty men associate themselves together for the
same purpose, they shall not be, or need not be,
liable for all their debts. This is a violation of
principle, and one which ought not to be adopted.
Gentlemen may say it is a convenience for these
men who propose to carry on this business. That
may be all true; it may be a convenience for all
of us to slip a liability for our engagements; but
let me say to Senators that it is a convenience,
and an especial convenience, to the employees of
this corporation, and to the persons from whom it
may purchase its commodities for manufacturing,
that they shall be secure; that there shall be a
liability by which they may be indemnified for
labor aone and performed, or for materials fur-
nished.
I know no reason, I repeat, why it is that a
dozen men, associated under the name of a corpo-
ration, shall be exempt from liability, when one
or two would be liable for all their engagements in
carrying on the same business. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Rright, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gwm, Hamlin, Houston, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Norris, Pettit, Sebastian, Slidell,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Walker, Wil-
liams, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Cooper, Daw-
son, Everett, Fish, Foot, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Pearce, Smith, Sumner, and Thompson of Kentucky—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed.
THE NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I wish to give
notice that on Monday next I shall ask the Senate
to take up the bill to organize the Territory of Ne-
braska. I give this notice for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of Senators to the subject.
Mr. SUMNER subsequently gave notice that
when the bill to organize the Territory of Ne-
braska should come up for consideration, he would
move the following amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to abrogate or in any way contravene the act of March
6, 18-20, entitled '• An act to authorize the people of Mis-
souri Territory to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the onginal States, and to pro-
hibit slavery in certain Territories wherein it in expressly
enacted that "in all that territory ceded hy France to the
United States, under the name of Louisiana, which lies
north of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north latitude,
not included within the hunts of the State contemplated hy
this act, slaveiy and involuntary servitude, otherwise than
in the punishment of crimes, wiiereof the party shall have
be^n duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby, forever pro-
hibited."
The amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH GIDEON. !
On motion by Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded 1
to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill for the relief of Joseph Gideon.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cer to settle and adjust the account of Joseph Gid-
eon as an acting purser of the storeship Fredo-
nia, from December 18, 1847, to May 16, 1848,
and from June 8, 1848, to January 18, 1851, and
to pay him the difFeience between the compensa-
tion of a captain's clerk and an acting purser
during those periods. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, and was read a third time and passed. I
JUDITH WORTHEN.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of the
heirs of Judith Worthen, deceased, reported a bill
for their relief; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill has passed the Sen-
ate half a dozen different times, I believe. Its de-
sign is to place the heirs of the individual within
the provision of thegeneral law, where she would
have been placed but for the rule adopted by the
Department. A general law has been passed,
bringing ail within its principle except this one
person. I therefore hope the Senate will con-
sider and pass the bill now. It is a bill involving
the payment of some $200. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
War to pay to the heirs of Judith Worthen, de-
ceased, widow of Isaac Worthen, late a revolu-
tionary pensioner, such sum as she would, if now
living, be entitled to receive under the "actgrant-
ing half pay and pension to certain widows;" ap-
proved July 7, 1838, and the several acts of Con-
gress on the same subject subsequent thereto.
At the request of Mr. BRIGHT, the report of
the Committee on Pensions was read, from which
the following facts appear: Judith Worthen ap-
plied at the Pension Officeforapension,under the
act of July 7, 1838, which gave to the widows of
certain revolutionary soldiers, for the term of five
years from March 4,1836, the annuity or pension
which might have been allowed to her husband
under a previous act, if living at the time it w^s
passed. Her husband received his pension under
the previous act referred to until his death, on the
first of March, 1841.
On the third of March, 1843, she made her
declaration, under the act of July 7,1838, and the
next month filed her papers with the Commis-
sioner of Pensions; but they were not finally acted
upon until April 30,1844, on which day an act was
passed providing that no pension should thereafter
be granted to a widow for the same time for which
her husband had received one. The five years for
which the pension is claimed by the widow, by
the act of July 7, 1838, extends from March 4,
1836, to March 4, 1841. The husband died
March 1, 1841, and, in consequence of the law of
that date, the Commissioner granted his widow a
pension for only three days. This arose from the
neglect to examine her papers in time. It is,
therefore, claimed that the delay should not preju-
dice her right, and that the money should be paid
to her heirs. To avoid the injustice of the act of
1844, in cases like this, a joint resolution was
passed January 3,1845, providing that the restric-
tion should not be considered to affect the claims of
those widows whose applications for pensions or
arrears of pensions, had been made at the passage
of the resolution. The restriction was reenacted
in February 1845. But such a case as this was
excepted from its operation. On this statement
of the facts the committee reported the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time, and
EZRA WILLIAMS.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Ezra Wil-
liams, reported a bill for his relief; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CHASE. As that claim is a very merito-
rious one, and the amount is very small, I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider it now.
The bill was read a second time by unanimous
consent, and considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Ezra Williams $500, in full, for his
services in preparing an alphabetical index of the
numerical register of warrants in the land bounty
division of the general land office under direction
of the late Commissioner, Richard M. Young.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CLAIMS IN THE BASTROP GRANT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the Senate to proceed
now to the consideration of the bill " confirming
certain land claims in Louisiana, in the Bastrop
grant." This bill was passed by the Senate at
the last session of Congress. It merely pioposes
to carry into effect the provisions of a previous
law, and there can be no possible objection to it.
it will occupy but a very few minutes. I move
that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to confirm such of the claims en-
tered in the report of the register and receiver at
Monroe, Louisiana, of July 30, 1852, as, in their
opinion, ought to be confirmed, according to the
principles of the act of Congress of March 3,1851,
in pursuance of which their report was made;
which confirmation is to operate only as a relin-
quishment on the part of the United States. It
also provides, that where any claim, thus pro-
posed to be confirmed, was not actually located
prior to March 3, 1851, no location of it shall be
made to the prejudice of any actual settler; but
such claim may be located on any public land in
the Ouachita district, subject to private entry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
PRE-EMPTION IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the
extension of the preemption privilege in the State
of California; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, subsequently said: I
am instructed by the Committee on Public Lands,
to which the bill for the extension of the pre-
emption privilege in the State of California was
referred, to report it back, with a recommendation
that it pass. As it is a matter of very great im-
portance to the people of that State, and as it is a
simple extension of the preemption privilege, I
ask that the bill be now considered.
No objection was mode, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to*consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct that the provisions
of the act of September 4, 1841, granting pre-
emption rights to settlers on the public lands, as
modified and made applicable to the State of Cali-
fornia, by the act of March 3, 1853, shall be
further modified, so far as such claims apply to
lands subject to private entry, by granting to each
settler in the State who is entitled to preemption
under those laws, an extension of time, for the
term of two years, after the commencement of
settlement, as the period within which the proof
of right and payment shall be made for the lands
granted; and that the third proviso in the sixth
section of the act of March 3, 3853, shall be so
modified as to extend said rights to settlement
made prior to, and within two years after, the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, asin
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution authorizing an increase of the
force in the office of the Superintendent of the
, Public Printing.
! It proposes to authorize the Superintendent of
> the Public Printing to increase the force in his of-
' fice by the appointment of two additional clerks,
j at the same salary as is now paid to the clerks
: already employed.
i Mr HAMLIN. I ask that the letter of the
late Superintendent of the Public Printing, ad-
: dressed to me as chairman of the Committee on
' Printing, may be read. He was a very compe-
[ tent officer. No one could be more so. He un-
| derstood the duties of his office very well, and I
; think his statement is entitled to more credit than
> that of any other gentleman, here, at least.
! The letter was read, as follows:
' Washington", January 2,1854.
DlarSir: In reply to your inquiry "whether, in my
i opinion, tiny increased clcrieal foiee is w eessary in the
office ot the Superintendent of the Public Printing,"! have
i to s-fpte, that at the time of the passage of the printing law
of 1652, and my appointment to the office of Superintend-
ent, much diversity of opinion existed m and out ot Con-
gress as to the number of persons that would be required
to lender the requirements of the law effective, some esti-
mating it as high as ten, and none less than jiie. The du-
ties of the office were attempted to be peiformed by me
