THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1854.
New Series.....'No. 57.
several memorials, asking that the Congress of
the United States will provide for the adoption of
a decimal metrical system in the United States, as
a part of a uniform system of weights, measures,
and money throughout the world. 1 move that
these papers be received and referred to .the Com-
mittee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives "making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1855," reported it
back with amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referied a memorial of citi-
zens of Appalachicola, Florida, praying that Sam-
uel Biay, keeperof the Dog Island light-house,on
thecoastof that State, may receive some remuner-
ation for losses suffered by himself and family
during the gales of the 23d and 24th August, 1851,
reported a bill tor his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Douglass Ottinger,
a captain in the United States revenue marine,
praying compensation for an invention by him for
saving lifeand property from shipwrecked vessels,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Aff.irs, to whom were referred the memo-
rials of Lewis Morris and others, praying compen-
sation for military services in Mexico, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
Tampico volunteers; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was oidered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Seneca G. Simmons,
praying to be released from liability for certain
public money stolen from his possession in Mexico,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Fayette
Mauzy and Robert G. "Ward, reported it back
without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Samuel W.
Brady, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Thomas
Crown, praying to be allowed damages occasioned
by the breach of a contract on the part of the
United States, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of the heirs of
Anthony G. Willis, deceased, reported it back
without amendment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Laurence
Taliaferro, praying a pension, on account of dis-
ease contracted in the war of 1812, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed. . .
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill forthe relief of Thomas
Snodgrass, reported it back without amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, it was
Ordered, That tile petition of Catherine Clark be with-
drawn from the flies of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John McV ey be withdrawn
67
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, i£ was
Ordered, That tftfe petition of die heirs of Richard B.
Mason be withdrawn from the files of the Senat*, and re-
lerred to the Committee for the District of Columbia#
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BURLINGTON.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which, was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion for the purchase ol" a and the erection of u custom-
house at Burlington, in the Slate of Vermont.
CORRESPONDENCE Of HON. D. D. BARNARD.
Mr. FISH. I submitted on the day before yes-
terday a resolution asking for certain correspond-
ence, to the consideration of which at that time
the Senator from California [Mr. Weller] ob-
jected. I believe now there is no objection to its
adoption, i ask the Senate, therefoie, to take up
the resolution now and adopt it.
The resolution was considered and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States bp re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not, In his opinion,
incompatible with the public internal, copies of thn corre-
spondence of Mr. Barnard. laie Minister of the United
Slates in Pru-Ma, with ilie United Suites consul at Bre-
men, and of tlirtt ccuimjI with the Gov rnment of Brt>nif u,
relative to the CH-e of Mr. Conrad Schmidt, a naturalized
citizen of the United States, arrested at Bremen, and de
tained there upon * requisition from the Government of
Hanover, claiming Schmidt as a subject <>! Miat kingdom
Also, a copy of a letter addressed In Mr. Barnard, while
Minister of the United Slates at Berlin, to hi< Maje.-iy the
King of Pru<sia, in October, I8.V2, on ih« subject of reli
gioustoleiation,and ot a dispatch addre-^ed by Mr Barnard
to the Department of Slate in reierence thereto.
ANo, copies of the correspondence of rh'i Legation of
the United Slates at Berlin, with the Minister of the Grand
Duke of Baden, at Berlin, in legard to the arrest and mal-
treatment of E T. Dana, W. B. Dwiglit, and D . Rauu^ey,
citizens ot the United States, at Heidelberg, ui the Giand
Duchy of Baden.
LAND SYSTEM IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of organizing a
separate surveying district, embracing the Territory of
Washington.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I present a commu-
nication from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the Secretary of the interior,
upon the subject of that resolution, and I move
that it be reierred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RUSK, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the transportation of the mails of the
United States on railroads; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
JOHN M'AVOY.
Mr. WILLTAMS. The Committeeon Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John Mc-
Avoy, havedirected me to reporta bill for his relief
and to ask the Senate to consider it and put it
upon its passage now. There can be no objection
to it when it is understood.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that twenty dollars be paid
to John McAvoy, late a private in company H,
eighth regiment, United States infantry, which
sum was paid by him for transportation from
Brazos Santiago to New Orleans, while he was
in the service of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The petitioner merely
claims the sum of twenty dollars for an expense?
which he incurred on his own account, which
should have been paid by the Government. He
was a soldier under General Worth m Mexico;
and became sick, and was placed upon the sick
furlough. He was provided with an ord r from
General Worth on the Quartermaster General fof
his transportation to New Orleans. He went as
far as Brazos Santiago, from which point, owing
to the employment of the Government vessels, he
was obliged to defray the expense of his own
transportation to New Orleans. The amount
thus paid by him, the committee think,should be
refunded.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GWtN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent in the consideration
thereof, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, .April 12, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB. I assure the House, Mr.Speaker,
that it is with pain I again take the fl >or. The bill
proposing to graduate and reduce the price of the
public land came up yesterday in its order. At
the solicitation of many persons who desired the
postponement of the consideration of that meas-
ure again, in order that oihers which they deemed
of pressing importance might be considered and
acted on, 1 agreed that it should be postponed. I
am extreme m the disposition to oblige every gen-
tleman of this House, when I can do so. I am
now going to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to postpone the further consideration of
the bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public land for two weeks from to-morrow. Then,
1 trust, that all members will be prepared to acton
the measure
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to making the
bill a special order.
Mr. COBB. It is a special order now, and 1
only desire that its further consideration shall be
postponed. I trust the gentleman will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. HAMILTON. I cannot do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman'amotion can
only be made by unanimous consent, and the
gentleman from Maryland objects.
DELEGATE FROM WASHINGTON.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. The Delegate elect
from the Territory of Washington is present, and
1 move, Mr. Speaker, that he be sworri in.
Mr. Colombia Lancaster, the Delegate from
Washington Territory, was then conducted to the
Speaker's chair, and took the usual oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
MAILS TO CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of a motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union the bill to empower the Postmaster Gen-
eral to contract for the transportation of ihe
United States mail from New Orleans to San
Francisco according to time.
On motion by Mr. MURRAY, the Committee
on Printing was discharged from the fuither con-
sideiatiori of the following memorial and resolu-
lions; which were ordered to lie on the table. ^
Resolution to print ten thousand extra copies of
the majority report of the Committeeon the Pub-
lic Lai.ds on the bill making grants of land to the
several States of the Union for the benefit of indi-
gent insane persons; ,
Resolution to print ten thousand extra copies ot
the minority report of same committee on same
bill; and .
Resolution of inquiry as to the expediency ot
printing extra copies ot so much of the report of
