1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
White, of Tennessee, Mr. William King, and
Governor Tazewell; and, I undertake to say, that
a more illustrious board of commissioners never
has been appointed since the foundation of the
Government. It was a court of the last resort as
to the amounts due. There was no appeal from
its decision. This case came before the commis-
sioners, and it was decided by them, it is true,
as I stated-just now, that at first they allowed the
claim, but they subsequently reversed their judg-
ment, and rejected the claim on the ground of
want of jurisdiction, that claim not being, in their
opinion, embraced within the terms of the treaty.
Now, sir, so far from rejecting the proviso, the
grave question recurs, whether this bill should pass
at all, in any shape. I am very decidedly of the
opinion that it will be a very mischievous prece-
dent to set, notwithstanding the disclaimer of all
intention of establishing a precedent. What have
we to do with this claim? By what right do we
undertake to adjust it? Was it ever a claim
against the Government of the United States?
Wo, sir; it was a claim against Spain; and Spain
stipulated with us that our commissioners should
adjudicate that case; and Spam stipulated, by
treaty, that the decision of these commissioners
should be final and irrevocable. Now, the com-
missioners considered the claim, and rejected it.
By what right do we undertake to decide the pro-
priety of that allowance or disallowance? There
may be a surplus of $1,900 left, and that, the
Government may, in good faith, appropriate to
the payment of unliquidated demands. But if It
is to be appropriated to any persons, it ought to
be appropriated to those persons who, by some
unavoidable accident, could not come before the
board. The claims which were unadjusted by
thatboard, arecomputed toamountto $20,000,000.
If we are to pay the $1,900 to anybody, do not let
us pay it to an individual who laid his claim before
the board, and had it rejected by the board.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman remarks
that $90,000,000 of claims were unad justed by the
board. Does the gentleman mean to he under-
stood to say that they were admitted to be due', or
merely that there w«re claims pressing to that
amount>
Mr. MILLSON. I spoke hesitatingly on that
point. 1 said I had heard that the amount of
claims unpaid was something like $20,000,000.
Of course I spoke of it as a conjectuial amount,
and as merely indicating that a large amount of
claims were not satisfied. I did not refer to claims
allowed by the board, but to claims rejected by
the board, or never brought before them.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I understand that
the claims allowed by the board amounted to
$9,000,000, the pro rata amount paid being fifty-
nine cents on the dollar. The sum of $5,000,000
having been appropriated under that treaty, the
fifty-nine cents on the dollar being paid, amounted
to $9,000,000. Then the gentleman's infoimation
is, that there are $11,000,000 more.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not speak of it definitely.
! am only stating that my general impression has
been—not derived from any examination, because
I do not know that I have made an investigation of
the matter, at any time—but my impression has
been that the claims not presented, or if presented,
rejected by the board, amounted to $15,000,000
or $20,000,000. It is impossible to say what is
the precise amount of the claims either not pre-
sented, o/ if presented, not allowed.
Mr. FLORENCE. As this matter is somewhat
important to the decision which this committee
may come to, I ask the gentleman if he knows
whether this is the only claim, allowed by the
board, outstanding, or whether there iisa petition
before any committee, either of this o«?the other
House, asking indemnity under this treaty?
Mr. MILLSON. This claim was not allowed
by the board; for if allowed, it would have been
paid. It was first allowed; but that decision was
afterwards reconsidered, and the claim was re-
jected, and we must take it for granted that the
last decision of the distinguished commissioners is
the correct one. .
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman will allow
me to refer him to the decision of the board, and
to the statements which follow, so that the matter
may be understood in this connection.
The extract is as follows;
" Tuesday. November 18, 1833 —The board met pur-
suant to adjournment. Present as before. The journal of
yesterday having been read and confirmed, the board pro-
ceeded to pi onounec on tlie following cases wbich had been
set down for examination, viz:
" Numbers 11)81 and 1100. Jonathan Jenks. Brig Jane
Fosse.
" Upon examination of the testimony filed in supnort of
this claim, tlie board are of opinion that it be allowed as
valid, for the value of the vessel, for tlie expenses neees
sarily incurred in defending the property, and tor the losa
sustained upon the cargo.
"H.W.WHITE.
" WM.'KING.
"L. W. TAZEWELL.
"Attest: T. Watkins, Secretary.'
Mr. MILLSON. It was hardly-necessary for
the gentleman to have read that extract, for I have
already stated these facts. I stated that this claim
was first allowed by the commission, and that they
afterwards reconsidered that action, and rejected
it upon the ground that it did not come within
their jurisdiction under the treaty.
Mr. FLORENCE. But they have given no
reason for it.
Mr. MILLSON. We havenothing to do with
their reasons. We have no control over their
reasons. There was no appeal from their decision.
When they had given their decision it was sicvolo,
sic jubeo, stet pro ratione voluntas—thus, 1 wish and
order; my will stands in the place of reason.
Now, sir, my friend from Florida seems to
suppose that some great wrong has been done
these petitioners. He complains that we will not
pay them the amount'due them. Sir, we owe
them nothing. It was a matter left to the de-
cision of the commissioners, whether Spain owed
them anything. They came before that commis-
sion, and their claim was finally rejected. They
had the same opportunity that all the other claim-
ants had before that commission. They gave
their, a fair hearing. It was their misfortune that
they were not able to furnish the evidence which
was requisite to establish their claim before the
commission.
But the gentleman seems to think the Govern-
ment is bound to indemnify the citizens of the
United States for all losses they may incur in con-
sequence of depredations committed by foreign
nations. Sir, why should it be bound ? Does the
gentleman suppose the Government is bound,
whenever it may fail to obtain redress for injuries
done to our citizens in foreign countries ? Is the
Government bound because it may not choose to
go to war to redress them? Sir, the question of
peace or war, is one to be determined by the sov-
ereign power, according to its own will, and its
own judgment "of the momentous national issues
that may be involved in it. There is no Govern-
ment on the face of the earth that holds itself under
an obligation to declare war, againstits own will,
against its own interest, merely because some ot
its citizens may demand thai, it should do so for
the purpose of obtaining indemnities for losses
sustained by them.
It seems to me, then, that this bill is founded ;
upon a very questionable policy. I know nothing ;
of the parties concerned. 1 know nothing of the in- •
I dividual hardships of which they make complaint.
! But 1 do know that if these claims can properly be
i preferred anywhere, if these demands can he made
i at all, they should be preferred against another
power. We have nothing at all to do with them.
They must be made against Spain, if at all. ,
! Mr. MACE. I regret exceedingly thai my
! friend from Virginia cannot support this bill, after
j this proviso which I have offered, shall have been
| adopted. Now, sir, I shall trouble the committee
1 with but very few remarks upon thesubject. I do
! not doubt the standing and integrity of thecommis-
j sioners who were appointed to adjudicate upon
1 these claims against Spain. This claim was first
' allowed by them, and afterwards disallowed, upon
the ground that it did not come within their juris-
diction. The facts of the case, in brief, aie these;
Jonathan Jenks, some seven or eight years before
the date of this treaty, took a cargo to South
America. The cargo was confiscated by the Span-
ish authorities. B e did not then present the claim
against the Government of the United States, but
prosecuted it before the Spanish courts.
The records show, that while the supercargo
was waiting for two yeais, in order to get justice,
the case went through all the Spanish couits. It
was adjudicated by the highest judicial authority
there, and something like $8,000 was allowed, and
that, too, long before the treaty of 1819. As I be-
fore remarked, the commission, in the very face of
the decision of the highest Spanish court, disal-
lowed this claim. It set aside the solemn record
of the court. As one of the members of the Com-
mittee of Claims, whose business it was to Ioote(
into the decisions of the commission, I have ex-
amined this case. It is well for them that nSyen-
sons were given for their decision. I did, nbt
examine the reasons of the commission for allow-
ing other .claims, but it was a mere, pretext on
their part to set this claim aside because they had
no jurisdiction over it. And it was only disallowed
on the last day of the session. ,
But before the treaty of 1819, as I have already
stated, the highest court of Spain adjudicated the ,
case, and allowed something like jJ8,000. Now,
justice to these claimants, who reside in the dis-
trict of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] even and exact justice to them, demands
the payment of $8,000, with interest from tfee
time of the adjudication of the Spanish court..
For the purpose of guarding, and placing the
claim beyond all controversy, I offered the pro-
viso which stipulates that no part of it is to be
paid out of the Treasury, and that it is only
to be paid out of any balance remaining of the
$5,000,000.
Now, something has been said about other
claims. 1 may use a lawyer's phrase, and say
that there is a race of equities on the. part of these
claimants, to see who will seize first on this pitiful
sum of $1,900. Weil, so far in the race, Mrs.
Jenks has the lead of the rest, and she wants
Congress to grant her this miserable pittance.
The bill will settle no precedent, nor will it oper-
ate injuriously hereafter. I regret that 1 narrowed
myself down to suit the gentleman from Virginia,
and still find that he is opposed to the bill.
Mr. HASTINGS. I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana to state that the commission re-
jected this claim without assigning any reason for
the rejection. By the report, I see that they did
assign as a reason that they had no jurisdiction of
the case; m other words, that it was not one of
that class of claims intended to be provided for by
the treaty.
Mr. MACE. And that was a beautiful reason.
Now, what was the character of the claims to be
adjudicated by the commission ? Why, sir, claims
which our citizens had against the Government of
Spain growing outof spoliations on their property.
They had before them the adjudication of the
highest Spanish court, that spoliations had been
made on Jonathan Jenks's property, and allowing
something like$8,000.
Mr. MILL&ON. Was this decision of the
court made before or after the treaty ?
Mr. MACE. 1 understand that it was made
befote the treaty?
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman will see at
once that it was the interest of Spain to throw
the whole burden upon the $5,000,000.
Mr. MACE. I trust, with the explanation I
have made, that a vote will be taken upon the
amendment, and that then a vote will be taken
upon laying aside the bill to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr.SKELTON. This case is one of too much
importance lo be passed over lightly by this com-
l inittee . It involves a principle of perhaps more
| importance with regard to the financial affairs of
I this country than any question that has been be-
' fore this body at this session. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] remarked
that he was gratified to find that the other side of
the House was awaking to a sense of justice. I
do not know whether he intends to insinuate that
our predecessors who have occupied seats in this
Hall have been lacking in that essential element
of character. I do not know that he intends to
insinuate that the party to which I have been at-
tached has heretofore turned a deaf ear to just
claims; but we might be led to infer from his re-
marks that it was his intention. It is the duty of
this House, when a question is presented here,
and before we tax the people for the payment of
the duties of an individual claimant, to examine
and decide whether it is a just claim or not. It
.is not sufficient-that members should get upon
this floor and charge us with a want of desire or
intention to render justice to others. I say sttch
a course of proceeding is not satisfactory to me.
We are here to guard the public Treasury, and
not to allow a dollar to go out, unless the claim is
ii proven to be a just one. I hope we shall hear no
