1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
alone from September until December—the more pressing
dimes under the Saw not coming into operation until the
commencement of the session of Coupler—but I had to
solicit thf gratuitous services of others to aid me in bring
in* up the work. Upon the meeting of Congress, I lound
it indispensably necessary to ask for the assistance of two
clerks and a messenger, (which were promptly granted by
Con^ie^,) with the hope and expectation that the law could
he <uven a fair tiial with this small force, by diligent atten-
tion to buMiiet-s. Siucc the commencement of the present
session ot Congress the entire duties of the office under the
law have come into operation. During the last session the
Department work was executed under previous contiacts,
which hAd not expired ; during the recess the Department
woik came into operation; and at the commencement of
the piesciit session the law was, for the fint time, in full
operation in all its proviMons at the same time. Since the
pas-age of the act of 185:2 the duties of the office have been
very materially increased by the fiist section of the civil and
diplomatic bill, which required the Superintendent to take
charge of, inbpect, &,c., the binding and engraving nf the.
Government, so far as the public documents were con-
cerned. These duties are very labonous, and are of great
Importance in .securing the taithfui execution of the public
woik connected with the printing and binding of the docu-
ments, nurnbeimg as'thev do hundreds of thousands of vol-
ume-, many of them containing costiy maps and engiavm^a.
It wa> at ihe suggestion of the late chairman of the Com-
mittee-oil Punting, Mr. Borland, that this additional duty
was imposed upon the office. Fiom his long service oil
the committee, he had experienced the nece>?it> of having
some di-mteiested authority to interpose between the bind-
ers and the engravers, and ascertain when the proper num-
ber had been furnished, and wnether they weie turnished
in time lor the printing of the documents winch they were
to accompany. Previous to this there had been no ollicer
ot the Government to receive this woik. It went fiom the
engraver to the binder, and complaints wcie frequently
made of the loss of public documents m consequence of
the loss or non-recepuon of the plates. Great complaint i
had also been made as to the manner ol executing the bind-
ing, and the necessity was felt of having some one to ex-
amine it before the work was received and paid toi ; and I
can >ayj with perfect safety, that this portion ot the duty im-
posed on the office was duiing the recess equal to that of .
the punting of the documents. !
The punting of Congress is now divided between two
office^, involving coiifidi rabie additional dut> on the Su-
peiHiieiid'Mit, and fiom this came alone I was not unpre-
pared for the lequest from him for additional assistance.
In conclusion, taking all these things into considi'fation, .
} think that the additional aid which you inform mo he j
a-ks is not only nccc^ary for the f.mhful performance of ,
the duty mi posed on him, but that, it pioperly emplo\ ed, I
will much mote than remunerate the Government tor Oicir
expense, and facilitate the completion ami dehveij oH ie ,
public documents. An examination into the details ot the ;
office by any one will elucidate this fact bettei than 1 can i
explain it m" writing. <
1 am yours, very respectfully, ^ ^ TQ WEKS-
Hon. II. IIami-ix, United States Senate. \ ^
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate j
without amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a
third reading, lead a third time, and passed. |
COMPENDIUM OF TIIB CENSUS. j
Mr. BUTLER. 1 hold in my hand a motion i
in writing, winch it is proper that I should sub-
mit now, if at all. It is to reconsider the vote by j
which the Senate yesteiday adopted a resolution
ordering the printing of fifty thousand copies of a
compendium of the census. _ I was not ill when
that resolution was under consideration,or 1 should
have opposed it. it is well known to gentlemen
that I entertain peculiar constitutional views in
reference to this whole matter; arid 1 think that ,
originally there was more matter included m the
census than the Constitution wan anted us in hav-
in"- collected. I understand now that the teenate
yesterday ordered the printing of fifty thousand
copies of an abstract which has been ordered by
the House of Representatives, without ever hav-
ing seen the abstract. Hence T make the motion
to reconsider; for T have no idea of taking these
things on faith merely. The motion may he over,
if gentlemen do not desire its consideration now.
Mr FITZPATRICK. Did I understand the
gentleman to say that he did not vote for the res- ^
olution yesterday ? j
Mr. BUTLER. 1 said so. . |
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Then a question of order
will arise, whether he can make a motion to re-
consider, when he did not vote for the resolution.
Mr MASON. I will make the motion. I was •
here yesterday, and I voted in the affirmative
presume,
by bei'ng silent. There were no yeas and
"^/'FITZPATRICK. Did the gentleman from
Virginia vote for the resolution yesterday.'
Mr. MASON. I was silent, I believe; but as
there was no division, I may be presumed to nave
given an affirmative vote, according to paihament-
tuy usa^e. i _
Mr. BADGER. Undoubtedly, whenever no
diltViulfc OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair so regards it. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia is now before
the Senate. What disposition shall be made of it?
Mr. MASON. I leave it to the disposition of
the Senator who originally made the motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to have the ques-
tion considered now. I am, however, very de-
cided in my opinion that the vote of yesterday
ought to be reconsidered. The reason which I
stated is of itself sufficient—that it is proposed
that we shall take fifty thousand copies of an ab-
stract which has been ordered by the House, with-
out ever having seen it, or heard any explanation
of what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered on the Journal.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
Ihe Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 17, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William II. Milburn.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
Journal of yesterday, but was interrupted by
Mr. COBB, who remarked: it is obvious that
it will take nearly an hour to read the Journal this
morning, and as we have had experience m the
correctness of the Cleik in making up the Jour-
nal, I presume all are satisfied that it is correct.
If, therefore, it is the pleasure of the House to
suspend the reading thereof at this point, we shall
save an hour. I believe nobody is paying any
attention to the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
further leading of the Journal can be dispensed
with.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. ORll. 1 believe there is not a quorum
present, and I think the reading had better pro-
ceed. . . .
The SPEAKER. As objection is made the
Journal must be read. The Clerk might omit the
readm-* of the resolutions. If that be the pleas-
ure of the House, the Clerk will proceed, omitting
the resolutions.
Many Members. "Yes!""\es!
The Clerk accordingly proceeded with the read-
ing of the Journal, omitting the portions referred
t0'The SPEAKER here laid before the House a
communication from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, transmitting, in conformity with an act
of Congress of July, 3-^40, some estimates for de-
ficiencies, an appropriation to supply which he
represented as necessary, and without winch the
public service under his supervision must suffer.
The same was read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,
1 oXial, Tlint Ihe credentials of Hie Deleeale from New
Mexico, fjosr M (Kr xl (J a i.lkoos,] hcielolore presented to
tlie JIoiM, he referred to Ihe Committee oil Election!..
SUFFERERS OF THE SAN FIIANCISCO.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Mr. Maciien, its Clerk, informing
l! the House that the Senate had appointed a com-
mittee to join such committee as may be appointed
on the part of the House of Representatives, to
take ceilam action relative to the sufferers on
board of the steamship San Francisco.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the House
immediately proceed to the consideration of the
resolution from the Senate. I hope the House
will do so. it is only a modification of the reso-
lution which went from the House to the Senate
yesterday morning, and to prevent, too, its assum-
ing the form of a joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. If it is not objected to, the
resolution of the Senate will be reported to the
! House for information.
I There was no objection, and the resolution was
read, ss follows:
1 ^Rrsohcd That a committee of five members on the
1 „irt of the ti'eMle lie Appointed to join -uch committee as
1 maybe appointed on (he pa.t of the House of Represent*-
tives, to inquire and report in what form the acknowledg-
ment of Congress, and the gratitude of the nation, may be
mo&t appropriately expressed to those benevolent and cour-
ageous men, who, under Providence, were the means of
rescuing from death so many citizens of this Republic."
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the House
concur in that resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no necessity of a
vote of concurrence. It is a simple resolution.
The Senate have passed one, and we have passed
another.
Mr. CHANDLER. The House resolution of
yesterday was a joint resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the
Chair if the resolution passed by the House was
in the form of a joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The House passed a resolu-
tion containing the words "the Senate concur-
ring."
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the House
concur.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it is in order, I move
the resolutions, which I offered yesterday, as an
amendment to this proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's motion
must go over.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to refer those resolutions to
the Committee on Military Afiairs.
No objection being made, the resolutions were
so referred.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I suggest that
the resolution just passed over, the one from the
Senate take the same direction, otherwise we shall
haidly be able to roach them at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the concurrence of
the House in the adoption of this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] insists upon the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to con-
curring with the Senate in this resolution. I
thought that we had concurred in it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Chand-
ler's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the Senate resolution was concurred in.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I believe the
first business in order is a report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, being Senate bill No. 28,
concerning the district courts of the United States
in California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe I have the floor
upon a proposition to refer this bill, which was re-
ported to the House from the Judiciary Com-
mittee. . .
The SPEAKER. That hill is m order. A
proposition is pending to recommit to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have examined the bill and
the law since that motion was made. I propose
1 to withdraw the motion 1 made. 1 think the bill
1 ought to pass. . .
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit is
I withdrawn. ...
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
j if resolutions, which have been heretofore offered,
ii calling for information from the Departments, and
| which are required to lie over, do not come up
now? ., , .
The SPEAKER. Not until after the select
committees are called upon for repoits.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 would ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the resolution of
inquiry which I presented yesterday. It is merely
a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. ORR. I call for the regular order ot busi-
ness. . ,
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is upon ordering the following bill to a third read-
111 "A bill concerning the district courts of the
UThenSM^onnw«rfrnftt«ken; and it was de-
cided m the affirmative; and the bill being en-
grossed was read the third time, and passed
° Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. I have been
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
offer a resolution, which I hope will be adopted
by unanimous consent. It is merely a call for
information.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
