THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July. 15,
more of this cant about refusing to render justice
to a claimant before this House, when the facts
of the case have not been proven to our satisfac-
tion.
1 have not voted, nor do I intend to vote, a dol-
lar Out of the Treasury of the United States for
claims, until gentlemen show me "that they are
just, and that the claimants have just demands
against the Government. Away with this idea of
iljiberahty and stinginess, in refusing to satisfy
claims. We have correspondents of the press
every year, proclaiming to the country that Con-
gress is not willing to do justice to private claim-
ants, until the whole country begins to believe that
•we are a set of rascals, and that we are not willing
to pay justdemands against the Government. Be-
fore 1 took my seat in Congress, 1 thought that a
great deal of injustice had been done in this way.
But since I have examined the subject, 1 am in-
clined to think that ninety-nine out of every hun-
dred private claims which committees report favor-
ably on, are without foundation.
But gentlemen say that time is not a bar to these
claims, Thatisvery true; but it is a bar generally
against getting any proof against them. These
old claims are almost always proven by ex parte
evidence.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania tells us that
there is foundation for the claim now before
the committee, but has he shown us that Spain
owed these men anything? He has not given us
a particle of proof to show that Spain owed these
claimants a dollar. Now, what is the effect of
this?
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman appeals to
my colleague, [Mr. Chandler,] and asks him
what evidence is there that this claim is a just one.
Now, I say to the gentleman from New Jersey,
that any claim which passes through the crucible
of the Committee of Claims of the House conveys
to the country the best evidence of justice and
right, [laughter,] and a favorable report from that
committee is sufficient in the estimation of the
House and of the country to justify us in ordering
the amount to be paid.
Mr. SKELTON. I would say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that I want to have the
proof myself that the claim is just. It is the duty
of a Representative on this floor, to be himself
satisfied upon the evidence presented to his under-
standing, and not to rely upon any committee of
this House,
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will per-
mit me—
Mr. .SKELTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania may be satisfied himself with the re-
port of a committee, but 1 am not. I do not see
that he has any right to ask me to vote upon a
question on grounds that are sufficient to satisfy
him: for I have discovered that the amount of
evidence which is sufficient to t-atisfy him of the
justice of a claim goes very far from satisfying
me. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
Jersey, who in his place here on the floor is review-
ing my course, will at least, permit me, to justify
myself.
Mr. SKELTON. Oh, certainly.
Mr. FLORENCE. When thegentlemanfrom
New Jersey asks 'my colleague to refer him to
the evidence, I stand up here in this House, and
before the country, and declare that it comfs
recommended by the Committee of Claims is suffi-
cient for us. If there are gentlemen more con-
scientious, more disposed to do justice, more dis-
posed to review facts closely and evidence critically,
than are the Committee of Claims, I have yet to
understand where the organization of such gentle-
men is, whether they compose a committee or a
legislative body. And 1 say that when this com-
mittee comes and presents anything to the con-
sideration of this House, and asks for its action in
accordance with that recommendation, I take it for
granted that their recommendation is right, and I
have so much confidence in them that I would
always support it.
Mr. SKELTON. I can show the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and this committee, that heis
not always willing to take their recommendation.
They have recommended an amendment to this
bill^ and he objects to this amendment, [laughter,]
showing conclusively to this committee that he is
not willing' always to take their judgment in cases
of this kind.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not understand, Mr.
Chairman,.that the Committee of Claims have
done any such thing as recommend that amend-
ment. If 1 understand it—and I paid very close
attention to the gentleman who reported this bill—
he submitted the amendment on his own account.
He submitted it because he conceived that it was
a just claim, and that this was the only opportu-
nity that had been given to get §1,900 in lieu of
the full amount admitted to be justly due by the
Committee of Claims. He submitted it because
the impression on his own mind was that these
people referred to in the bill, were entitled to it
strictly, tnat they were poor, and that they could
not come before the House, or before the com-
mission appointed to adjudicate these claims, be-
cause the prosecution of it would be attended with
the expense of having translations made, as 1 un-
derstand, for these Spanish evidences. That, sir,
I suppose, is the reason why the gentleman, im-
pelled by a sense of justice, offered this as an
amendment, so that these people might get even
$1,900 out of the $4,20U due to them.
Mr. SKELTON. According to the gentleman's
own statement, these claimants have a claim
against the Government of the United States to
the amount which was deposited in the Treasury
of the United States by Spain, and no more. This
is the admission on their part, that the United
States Government is not bound to pay any of
these claims.
But with regard to the gentleman's remarks
concerning the committee, I will say thatl respect
that committee. I have not a word to say against
them. I probably have as much confidence in
that committee as in any other committee of this
House. But it is ourduty,a duty obligatory upon
us as the Representatives of the people, before we
vote away thepeople'a money, to satisfy ourselves
individually that the claim for which we vote the
money is a just one.
When we asked for the reading of the report
in this case, in order that we might know upon
what principle the claim was based, what was the
reply we received? They said it was too lengthy,
and we could not get through with it to-day. If
it is so lengthy that we cannot dispose of it to-
day, let the case go over until we have time to
examine the report.
But, sir, in this claim, as in a number of other
claims, there is a principle involved which is im-
portant to this good. The two cases which were
passed by informally yesterday involved the same
principles. We have now upon the Calendar of
this House other bills appropriating millions of
dollars for other kind of claims. 1 ask the com-
mittee if this Government is to be converted into
a grand insurance company against fire, water,
and depredations upon our commerce by pirates
or foreign nations? Now, sir, let no gentleman
in this Hall lose sight of the fact that the great
mass of the American people are not engaged in
commerce.
Mr. MACE. I rise to a question of order. I
have no objection to'the stump speech of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, but 1 want him to con-
fine his remarks to the amendment under consid-
eration. He is not doing that, and, therefore, I
raised the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman that by the rule he is required to
confine his remarks to the amendment under con-
sideration.
Mr. SKELTON. I am confining my remarks
to the bill under consideration. There is no limit-
ation to debate, by which I am obliged to confine
my remarks on the bill to the amendment. But if
lam not in order, I will make another motion,
which will allow me to proceed. I move that the
bill be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. Is that motion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The first question in or-
der is upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Mace.]
Mr. SKELTON. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana, and those who advocate this claim before
the committee, are intending to stifle discussion in
the committee, let them stand up here and say so.
In the light of day let them say so.
Mr. MACE. The gentleman has touched now
upon the very point which I make. If he wishes
to discuss the bill, I am willing that he should do
so. But I want him to confine himself to the bill,
and not wander upon other subjects, as he has
been doing.
Mr. SKELTON. Does the Chair decide that
it is not in order to discuss the merits of the bill
now ?
The CH A1RMAN. The Chair makes no such
decision. The Chair decides that the gentleman
has no right to discuss the character of the Com-
mittee of Claims, or the French spoliation bill, or
loss of goods by fire, or any other such question.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, sir, I was using those
arguments because the arguments which apply to
the one case apply to the other.
The CHAIRMAN. The ^entlemanmustcon-
fine his remarks to the discussion of the bill, before
the House.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
I should like to know whether it is not in order
for the gentleman from New Jersey to comment
upon the course of the Committee of Claims,
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] was permitted to enter into a fulsome
laudation of that committee? [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
York is entirely mistaken as to the character of
my remarks. I only did the committee justice—
simple justice—even-handed justice. [Laughter.]
Mr. SKELTON." I do not want to proceed out
of order, and I want to know if the decision of the
Chair is that it is in order to discuss the merits of
this bill at this time?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman can discuss the merits of the bill.
Mr. SKELTON. That is what I wish to do.
Then I am in order.
I said that the bill before the House, if passed,
would send abroad to the world the impression
that there was one class of individuals in this
community who were entitled to indemnity for all
their losses in all their enterprises and in all their
engagements, while the great mass of the Ameri-
can people who are engaged in agricultural and
industrial pursuits, who are entering into no specu-
lations, and running no risks, should be made to
pay these indemnities—they must be compelled to
pay the losses incurred by risks of storms, by
risks of war, by risks of fire, and by risks of
water.
Sir, I want this committee to look into the sub-
ject. If this principle is to be established—as it
will be established by the passage of the bill—I
state to this committee that there are hundreds of
individuals in my district who are better entitled
to thirty or forty millions of dollars for losses sus-
tained in the revolutionary war than are these
claimants.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
must state to the gentleman from New Jersey that
he is wandering from the subject.
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir; I am not wander-
ing from the subject.
[Loud cries of "Order!"] 1
The CHAIRMAN. The iliscussion of the
revolutionary claims of New Jersey is not in or-
der at this time.
Mr. SKELTON. I was going on to make the
application. ' I was going to show that the prin-
ciple involved m this case was the same as that
involved in others.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from New Jersey
pertinaciously insists upon disregarding the decis-
ions of the Chair, I ask that the' rule may be
enforced, and that he shall take his seat until per-
| mitted to go on.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman mustcon-
fine himself in his remarks to the question under
i consideration.
j Mr. SiJ^LTON. I do not wish to weary the
committee", nor do I wish to prolong my remarks,
and I will only add, in conclusion, that the very
sensitiveness which is shown by this committee,
the very dislike to discussion, is of itself strong
proof that this bill ought not to pass; that it is one
of those bills that cannot bear the light.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether it would be in order to move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio would be in
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not make it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WALSH. I thought that fact was indel-
ibly impressed upon the mind of the gentleman
