898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
the Secretary of the Treasury and tables as relates
tii the revision of the present tariff.
Memorial of Joseph G. C. Kennedy, relating
to the statistics of manufacturers.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committeeon Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That there be printed by the printer of the
Honoi! ten thousand copies of Captain II. B. Marcy's sur-
vey and exploration of the Red river and its sources, to-
gether with the accompanying maps and plates, for the use
of the members of the House.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
request the House to receives report, in order that
the bill that accompanies it may take its place on
the Calendar.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
MAILS TO THE PACIFIC.
The SPEAKER. The question is on referring
the following bill to the Committee of the Whole
oa the state of the Union: 44 A bill to empower the
Postmaster General to contract for the transporta-
tion of the United States mail from New Orleans
to San Francisco according to time."
Mr. PHELPS. That is a bill reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
is it not ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say something; in
reference to it.
Mr. HAMILTON. I believe I am entitled to
the floor upon that bill.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. If I am not mistaken, the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I obtained the floor yeaterday, but yielded
it for a motion to go to the business on theSpeak-
ei 's table.
The SPEAKER. That is the fact of the case.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have a word or two to
say m refeience to this bill.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, (interposing.) Is the
question before the House on committing the bill,
or on postponing it for three weeks?
Tiie SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
refer the bill tu the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Is there nota motion
pending to postpone the bill for three weeks?
The SPEAKER. That motion was made, but
withdrawn, the Clerk informs the Chair.
Mr. Cf f IJRC1IW ELL. Well, then, I move to
postpone the consideration of the bill for three
weeks.
Mr. HAMILTON. Oh, no; 1 cannotyield the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I thought the motion
wad pending.
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to have the facts
of this case understood. When this question was
last before the House I was upon the floor*, but a
gentleman from Ohio arrested me by calling the
attention of the House to the fact that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, the Chair will state that
this measure came up yesterday morning. The
gentleman from Virginia was not in his seat; or,
)f he was, did not claim his right, and the gentle-
man from Maryland acquired a right to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 have but afew woids to
cay in reference to this subject. This important
bill has been introduced into the House with a
considerable flourish of trumpets. Thegentlemen
who have spoken in its favor have urged the ne-
cessity and convenienceof having speedy transpor-
tation between the Atlantic and the Pacific coast.
From theargumentsadduced by gentlemen in favor
of the proposition, I would gather that it is to re-
duce the cost of transportation, to add to the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department, and to be a
great advantage to the country in every particular.
Su, the speeches of these gentlemen, and the bill
and substitute upon the table, and as printed, do
not agree.
The bill that lies upon your table proposes to
establish a mait from New Orleans to San Fran-
cisco, and to give compensation, in specific terms,
for each trip; and the bill, as published in the pa-
pers, proposes to give a monthly compensation.
The bill now pending, if passed, must necessarily
become the law of the land without amendment;
and whether the mail is to be monthly, by the trip,
or annual, must depend upon its provisions, There
runs through the whole billageneral indefiniteness
and vagueness, that requires marked consideration
and deliberation; and, therefore, I think that it
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
But there is something else in this bill to which
I wish to direct your attention. You propose to
allow $25,000 if the mail be transported in twenty-
five days; and so you go on increasing theamount
as you diminish the time, until you arrive at six-
teen days, when you are to pay $850,000 for the
transportation of the mail from New Orleans to
San Francisco. The idea intended to be impressed
upon this House was, that it involved provision
for the transportation of the mail from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific coast, and that it cut down and
changed the existing contracts. It is not so, but
it is a bill establishing additional mail facilities from
New Orleans to San Francisco, and that too by
causing an enormous increase of expense to the
Post Office Department of the country. The postal
revenues aie now far below the annua! expendi-
tures. This is not a bill to change existing con-
tracts, but to extend additional mail facilities; and
the question is whether, in view of the now inad-
equate receipts of the postal Department, and the
proposed addition of such an enormous expense
to this Department, this House is ready to pass
this bill? Will they pass it,and thus add so greatly
to the embarrassment of that Department?
Our mail expenses are already large enough;
and our Atlantic and Pacific facilities of commu-
nication are sufficiently adequate to the wants of
the country to justify deliberation upon a ques-
tion of this importance. The questions involved
in the bill eminently demand the deliberate con-
sideration of this House; for the bill is to make
void no contracts, but to establish additional con-
tracts. Suppose you were, under this bill, to annul
the old systems, do you think that this country
would tolerate the idea that we weie to have but
one mail from New Orleans to San Francisco, and
no other5 Will the whole North and the middle
States rely, for mail facilities, to and from the Pa-
cific coast through New Orleans alone? If that is
the design, the House of Representatives should
never tolerate or give its sanction to a system of
th'is kind. As the object of the bill is to establish
additional mail facilities merely from New Orleans
to San Francisco, I wish to know further in ref-
ference to the details of the plan.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
from Maryland permit me to ask him a question
here ?
Mr. HAMILTON. Certainly.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I merely desire to ask
the gentleman from Maryland the simple question,
whether he is not aware of the fact that there is
already a daily mail from New Orleans to every
part of the United States? Has he not heard of
the\t being so ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I have heard of that. It
is immaterial. 1 want to know the facts in regard
of the principles of this bill, as it now stands before
this House: whether the design of the bill is to
confine the Pacific mails to the port of New Or-
leans. That is the important question. If the
whole transportation of the mails is to be confined
to that locality, I want to know the fact, and the
House and country to know it. But, Mr. Speak-
er, the bill is one to provide additional mail facili-
ties. That is the object of the bill. It is to impose
the additional expense of a million of dollars on the
Post Office Department, which is now weighed
dawn and overburdened with its expenditure, to
the utter ruin of the post offices and mail facilities
in the interior. Such is the bill before the House.
The gentleman from Tennessee may talk about his
sliding scale. I am in favor of increasing the facil-
ities for mail transportation as much as that hon-
orable gentleman, orthe honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] I, too, am opposed to
monopoly. 1 do not say that this bill promotes a
monopoly, except it be a monopoly of the route.
It may be a monopoly of the Tehuantepec route,
or of the Vera Cruz and Acapulco route, or it may
be a monopoly of route by some other way. I am
not aware that it does create a monopoly. I know
not anything about the Sloo or the Garay grants,
i am aware of the facilities for the quicker trans-
portation of the mails from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz, and thence to Acapulco. I know that some
two thousand miles of sea transportation are saved
by adopting the route from New Oileans to San
Francisco, by way of Tehuantepec. But if this
line is opened, the postal Department can take
advantage of its facilities as well as any others.
That route of travel may be fully completed in the
course of three years; and, if you pass this bill
you will saddle on the Post Office Department,
for seven years after, an annual expenditure for
this service of $1,200,000—at all events, not less
than $1,000,000- it is all nonsense, Mr. Speaker,
to talk about transporting the mail from New Or-
leans to San Francisco for $25,000.
I do not desire to trespass on the time of the
House, but I want to notice one or two arguments
of my honorable friend from Tennessee. So far
as the arguments for this system of mail trans-
portation are concerned, some of them demand
the reprobation of gentlemen here who believe as
I do, wi their impropriety. He, a Democrat
from Tennessee, and I, a Democrat from Mary-
land, differ widely in our notions of what the
Post Office Department ought to do.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, (in a low tone of
voice.) And in a great many other things, too.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is true. We differ
in a great many other things. On£ of that gen-
tleman's main arguments was, that the object of
this bill was to afford facilities for the transporta-
tion of the gold from the Pacific to the Atlantic
coast. What has the Post Office Department to
do with the transportation of gold more than with
the carriage of oil, from the Pacific coast to the
Atlantic5 If they can send their gold here by
Adams & Co.'s Express, or in vessels round the
Pacific coast, or in any other way, so be it.
Gold is no more an article of commodity, and
no less an article of commodity, than the oil of
the Pacific; and this Government haw no more right
to afford means of transportation for gold than it
has for oil, or whatever other commodities that
may be produced on the Pacific coast.
Mr. Speaker, I would be rejoiced to lend my
vote and voice to any proper system for affording"
additional mail facilities between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans; but I have heard quite enough of
this proposed cheap system-
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. HAMILTON. With pleasure.
Mr. SMITH. I have always heard the increased
efficiency of our Post Office Department advocated
on the ground of itsgreat value to the country, but
not on account of economy in the transportation
of the mails. The increased efficiency of the mail
system, some years a^o, before the introduction
of expresses, was vindicated on that ground. The
! transportation of the mails by railroad was vin-
dicated on that ground; and, if we can now still-
farther increase the facilities of transportation of
the mail, we do so upon the same ground and it
is evident, according to the statements made here?
that we can do so.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] has misunderstood me entirely.
i have not at all spoken against the great public
convenience and profit arising fiom a speedy trans-
mission of the mails. I was speaking about the
right of the Government of the United States to
transport the gold, or the produce, or the merchan-
dise of any man. Let them avail themselves of
the advantages of the various express lines which
are in operation between the Atlantic and Pacific
shores, and which are established between every
portion of our country. Let them also avail them-
selves of the postal arrangements which the Gov-
j ernment has already established for the purpose
j of securing thecheapestand speediest transmission
| of the mails. It is the duty of the Government to
! attend to this latter branch of transportation, and
j it is the duty of individuals to avail themselves of
i whatever advantages may be thus furnished.
I The remarks of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] has nothing to do with this question.
| As an argument, I object to it. As an argument
j against or in favor of this bill, it has nothing to do.
! Look at it for one moment: Capital will find out
jits own reward, its own modes of employment,
il and its own channels of operation, independentof
