1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
after.his experience in reference to the Nebraska
bill. [Laughter.]
TheCHAlRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to discuss
this hill, nor do I think there is any need of further
discussion; for after the elaborate remarks of the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,] 1
presume the members of the committee have made
up their minds to pass the bill. [Laughter.] I
will, therefore, only say, that I shall vote against
the amendment, and for the bill.
One word, however, in reference to a remark
made by thegentleman from New Jersey, in which
he alluded to something said by me. When the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hastings] asked
to have the report and accompanying documents
read, I suggested that it would take two hours to
read them, and that it would perhaps be well
enough to go on with the consideration of this bill.
I desire to say to this committee 
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I had no object in view
but the saving of the time of the committee.
Mr. SKELTON. My point of order is, that
if it is not in order to debate the bill in opposition,
it is not in order to debate in its favor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have said all I desired.
The question was taken on Mr. Mace's amend-
ment; and it was adopted.
Mr. MACE I move that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. WALSH-. I move that the bill be laid
aside indefinitely.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's motion
is not in order.
Mr. WALSH. I move that it be laid aside to
be reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. WALSH Well, then, I have a few words
to say in regard to the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion on the motion,
of the gentfeman from Indiana is not in order.
Mr. MACE demanded tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Walsh were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. Mace's motion,
and it was disagreed to, the tellers having reported
—ayes 46, noes 81.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation th^t it do not
pass.
GILBERT C. RUSSEL^.
House bill (No. 196) "a bill for the relief of
Gilbert C. Russell."
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall pay, or cause to be paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Gilbert C. Russell, of the State of
Alabama, $20,000. provided the same shall be
received and receipted for by the said Russell in
full satisfaction of all balance of claims and de-
mands of every description in his favor against
the Government of the United States growing out
of, or in any mannerconnected with, theconstruc-
tion of the fort at Mobile Point, in the State of
Alabama.
Mr. READY. As the report in this case is a
very long one, I will explain the claim, and I think
I can present it in such a manner that the com-
mittee will more readily understand it than by
reading the report. The claim consists of various
items, and the report discusses the claimant's
right to these items separately. Whilethecom-
mutee recommend one of them, they arrive at an
unfavorable conclusion with regard to others.
This claim grows out of a contract entered into
in 1818, between the Government and Benjamin
W. Hopkins, of the State of Vermont, to erect a
fort at Mobile Point, in the State of Alabama.
Mr. Hopkins commenced operations, and made
extensive preparations for prosecuting the work
according to the contract, but shortly thereafter,
in ]819, he died. His administrator made a con-
tract with Samuel Hawkins, by which he trans-
ferred the benefit of the contract with the Govern-
ment to Mr. Hawkins, who undertook on his part
to comply with the original contract, as entered
into by Mr. Hopkins. Mr. Hawkins proceeded
with the work fora period of time, and then h« sold
out the contract to Gilbert C. Russell, the claim-
ant. Mr. Hawkins, f should mention, had been
recognized by the Government as the contractor,
after his purchase. When Mr. Hawkins sold his
contract to Mr. Russell, in addition to transferring
it to him by deed, he also executed a power of
attorney, constituting him his agent tb prosecute
the work in his name. The power of attorney
was intended to meet the contingency of the Gov-
ernment refusing to recognize Russell as the con-
tractor.' The Government did refuse to recognize
Mr. Russell as the contractor, but it recognized
him as the agent of Hawkins.
Mr. Russell proceeded with* a large and ade-
quate force in .the construction of the fort accord-
ing to contract. After he had expended a large
amount, and performed a great deal of labor, the
Government, in October 1821, became dissatisfied,
from some cause or other, sent a military force on
the ground and wrested from him the work, taking
into its possession all the materials, implements,
stock, and everything connected with the con-
struction of the fort.
Mr. Russell then applied to the Eighteenth Con-
gress, prayingto be remunerated for his property
forcibly taken from him under the order of the
Government, and destroyed or converted to pub*
lie use; and for compensation for labor done and
performed upon said fort. The matter was before
Congress for two or thcee sessions. But at the
second session of the Eighteenth Congress the
Committee of Claims, through Mr. Ehsna Whit-
tlesey, reported in favor of the claim for large
amounts, specifying, however, the particular items
embraced in that allowance. And they reported a
bill directing that the Third Auditor of the Treas-
usy ascertain, by proof, the value of the property
owned by the petitioner at Mobile Point at the
time of its seizure; that he ascertain, by proof,
the value of the labor performed by the petitioner
towards the erection of the fort at Mobile Point,
whether it was in erecting barracks, or in prepar-
ing materials for the further prosecution of the
works at that place; and the sums, when ascer-
tained, to be paid out of the Treasury. Said bill
passed both Houses of Congress, and became a
law on the third day of March, 1825.
In pursuance of this law, testimony was taken,
under the directions of the Third Auditor; but in
consequence of the difficulty of procuring all the
testimony desired by each party, because of the
distant points at which some of the witnesses re-
sided, the Auditoj^was unableto arrive at satisfac-
tory results.
The subject was therefore again brought to the
attention of the Nineteenth Congress, at its first
session. Additional testimony was taken, upon
which, together with the testimony previously
taken, the Committee of Claims reported in favor
of the petitioner for the amount of certain speci-
fied items, amounting to $60,963 67|.
Mr. Whittlesey then stated m his report that
there were materials and other .personal prop-
erty belonging to Mr. Russell at Mobile Point, at
the time of the seizure, but that the evidence was
too unsatisfactory as to the character and value of
these articles to enable the committee to make an
award in reference to them; and the claims in
respect to this personal property were conse-
quently suspended for further proof.
It is for the items, the claims for which were
thus suspended, that the bill now reported pro-
poses to make compensation to Mr. Russell. Since
that time, and since the payment of the items then •
allowed by Congress, additional proof has been
obtained; and the testimony of two witnesses—
Isaac Chaffin and Lewis S. Coryell—has been
taken, and is on file.
I will state the substance of their testimony.
Mr. Chaffin was employed by certain contractors
for the construction of fortifications at Dauphin
Island, to superintend the making and delivering of
brick and other materials for the fort at that place.
He went to Mobile Point about the 10th of Octo-
ber, 1821, and staid there five or six days. He
testifies that he and General Turner Stark (the
latter is said to have died shortly afterwards)
made an estimate of the value of the materials pro-
cured and delivered by Colonel Russell for the
fortifications on the Point; that his estimate was
$21,500, and General Stark's was about $25,000.
Lewis S. Coryell was in Washington during the
session of the Thirty-First Congress, in 1851,and
his deposition was taken by direction of the .Com-
mittee of Claims. He was negotiating witirthe on-
cers of the ,War Department, in 1821, for the con-
tract to construct the fortat MobilePoint, which was
after it had been decided by the Secretary Of War
to take the work outof Colonel KusselPM hands.
He went to Mobile Point to examine the works to
be erected there, and everything connected thefe-
with. All this appears from the voluminotiscor-
respondence printed with the report of the Com-
mittee of Claims, in.the Eighteenth Congress, sis
well as from his deposition. To the third inter-
rogatory propounded to him, as follows:
" Did you make an estimate of the loose property at the
Point, consisting of tools, implements, wagons, carts,
&C.?"
He answers:
I did make an estimate of the loose property at the
Point, at Mobile, Alabama, consisting of tool*, implements,
wagons, carts, &c., prepared to carry on and execute the
work to be erected there, and it appears from the memo*
randum now in my possession, made at the time, in Decem-
ber, 18-21, or early in January, 18*22, that he estimated the
loose property to be worth $20,001)."
In reference to this witness Coryell, he appears
to be a man of high character and intelligence, and
well qualified to make an estimate of such prop-
erty. It appears that the Secretary of War had
great confidence in him, and was anxious to give
him the contract. He went to Mobile Point, and
examined the work, and estimated the value of the
property, at the special instance of the Secretary
of War. He stands highly recommended by Hon.
Samuel D. Ingham, a man who afterwards held
a high official position, as this committee is well
aware. This was a high indorsement of his char-
acter, and, in the opinion of the Committee of
Claims, entitled his testimony to great considera-
tion, and therefore the committee chose to adopt
his estimate in preference to the estimate of Chaf-
fin and Stark, which was a little higher. I believe,
upon his estimate, that the claimant is entitled to
be paid $20,000, it clearly appearing that articles,
estimated at that amount, were taken possession
of by the Government, and it also appearing, from
the items specified, that he has never been paid for
them. The former action of Congress upon this
subject establishes the right of Russell to be paid
for this property, taken possession of by the Gov-
ernment; and I consider the only-question now to
be, as to the amount which he is entitled to be paid
for the property.
The testimony of a witness by the name of J.
W. Wing, the agent of Russell, and superintendent
of his operations, speaks to the fact that these
are items of property which were taken posses- -
sion of by the Government, and were not em-
braced in the report made by Whittlesey, as his
report shows.
1 move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS C. GREEN.
House bill (No. 199) forthe relief of Thomas
C.Green."
The bill, which was read, provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be required
to issue a patent to Thomas C. Green for the
southeast quarter section of section thirty-three,
in township eleven north of range three west, in
the military tract of Illinois, and that said patent
recite the fact that the former one was filled out
erroneously for the southwest quarter, and has
been lost, and therefore a new patent has been
issued to the erantee.
Mr. HUGHES. There is no report on this
case, from the fact that the preamble or enacting
clause of the bill sets forth all the facts that are
necessary to enable the committee to understand
the case. An error was made at the Land Office.
A patent was issued for a southwestern quarter
section of land, instead of a southeastern quarter
section, so that there are two patents issued for
the same tract of land. Thw bill is merely to
authorize the issuance of another patent in lieu of
the one erroneously issued. But, sir, I do not
feel disposed to discuss the bill. I presume there
will be no objection to it, and I therefore move
that it be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass
The motion was agreed to.
VICTOR MORASS.
Senate bill (No. 7§) "authorizing Victor Morass
