058
globe.
July 15,
to relinquish certain-lands, and to enter, the same
quantity elsewhere."
The bill was read, ltauthorizes Victor'Morass
to enter, without payment therefor, at any United
States land office in the State of Michigan, two
hundred and eighty acres of land, the same, to be
entered in legal subdivisions, and on any land
subject to private entry at said offices, and not
covered ,by any preemption right. That, before
the "said Victor Morass shall have the benefit of
the* provisions of the act, tie shall file with the
Secretary of the Interior, m such form as shall be
prescribed by said Secretary, good and sufficient
deed or deeds of release to the United States, exe-
cuted by himself, and all persons having rights
thereto through or under him, of all the premises
which were confirmed to said Morass by " An act
to confirm certain claims to lands in the Territory
of Michigan," approved April 17, 1828.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will merely say that the
facts are the same in this case as in that last before
the committee. It is to allow the claimant to lo-
cate lands in lieu of those to which his title had
failed. I move that it be laid aside, to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it do
The motion was agreed to.
JOSHUA KENNEDY.
Senate bill (No. 73) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Joshua Kennedy, deceased."
The bill and report were read.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the legal representatives of Joshua Ken-
nedy, deceased, out of any moneys not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $6,600, in full compen-
sation for the destruction of property by the
Creek Indians in the year 1813. |
Mr. EASTMAN. I move that the bill be laid :
aside to be reported to the House, with a reconi- i
mendation that it do pass. j
The motion was agreed to. j
JOHN PHAGAN. |
Senate bill (No. 127) "for the relief of John !
Phagan."
The bill provides that there be paid the sum of
$444 to John Phagan, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, lri full pay
ment for his services in taking .charge of a de'ega-
tion of Seminole Indians, and removing them from
Florida to the country west of the Arkansas.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Chairman, in 1828
the policy of the Government was to remove all
the Indians west of the Mississippi river. Cap-
tain Phagan was then the agent for the Seminoles.
In the opinion of the Secretary of War, it became
necessary that a delegation of the Seminoles should
be induced to make a tour of the country west of j
the Mississippi for examination, with a view of'
making it their future home. The Secretary ad-
dressed a letter to Governor Duval, of the Terri-
tory of Florida, in which he said that if Captain
Phttgan, then a citizen of North Carolina, would
accompany the delegation west, he should receive
for his services two dollars a day; but if he de-
clined, that he would pay any other competent
person employed for that service by Governor
Duval three dollars a day and necessary traveling
expenses. Captain Pbagan.on being informed of
the contents of the Secietaiy's letter, consented to
accompany the Seminole delegation to Arkansas.
He was gone two hundred and twenty-two days,
and on his return he presented his account for
payment. It was lefused payment because there
was no law authorizing the service. This fact
was ascertained by the Secretary after his order
had been issued.
The Senate have passed a bill giving this claim-
ant $444, the amount designated by the Secretary
of War. The payment of this claim has been
delayed for a number of years. It has passed one
brantih of Congress heretofore, and the Senate
have now passed a bill giving him the compensa-
tion which ought to have been paid twenty years
ago, but without allowing him inteiest. Although
I believe interest should have been allowed in this
case, I am willing to take the bill as it stands, and
I move that it be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM WOjPDBURY.
Joint resolution (No. 5) "directing the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts
of William Woodbury,late pension agentat Port-
land, Maine."
The resolution provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall adjust the accounts of W illiam
Woodbury, late pension agent, and credit him
with the entire amount paid to the heirs of Keziah
Hartshorne, deceased.
The report was then read, from which it appears
that the petitioner, as pension agent at Portland,
Maine, pursuant to the directions of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, dated January 28, 1849,
placed.the name of Keziah Hartshorne, deceased,
upon the pension roll for revolutionary services;
and, subsequently, upon the presentation of the
pension certificate, paid the amount therein speci-
fied to be due, to the heir of said Keziah Harts-
horne, deceased. On the settlement of his accounts
at the Treasury, for the first quarter of 1849, the
amount of two years of the pension included in
said certificate, viz: from the 4th of March, 1841,
to the 4th of March, 1843, was disallowed by the
accounting officers of the Treasury, on the ground
that there was no law allowing a pension for those
two years.
Mr. FLAGLJ5R. If there is any doubt in the
minds of the committee as to the equity of this
case, the letter of the Commissioner of Pensions,
which recites the facts more in detail, might be
read. I move that the bill be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it pass.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN S. KING.
House bill (No. 238) "for the relief of John S.
King, of Virginia."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll of the United States the
name of John S. King-, and that he cause to be
(laid to him the sum of eight dollars per month
for and during the term of his natural life; said
pension to commence from the first of January,
1853.
The report of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions was read.
It appears that the petitioner, John S. King,
was drafted and mustered into the service ot the
UnitedStatesat Knoxville, Tennessee, in Novem-
ber, 1814; that he served six months in Mobile
and elsewhere, acting against the British naval
forces; that on his return home,and before his
discharge, he was seized with violent fever, and
had to remain where he was attacked for some
time; that the disease settled ftito bis limbs, and
crippled him from that time to the present, and
that he is now totally disabled.
Mr. WALSH. I move to strike out the word
" natural" m the bill, as being superfluous and
ridiculous.
Mr. COBB. Tell us what effect your amend-
ment will have.
Mr. WALSU. I want to have him paid his
pem-ion during his life; I do not caie whether it
is natural or unnatural. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
HIRAM MOORE AND JOHN HASCALL.
tiouse bill (No. 239) " for the relief of Hiram
Moore and John Hascall."
Mr. THURSTON. I move that this bill be
passed by informally. The gentleman who re-
ported it is not now in his seat.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Rhode Island will be
concurred in, for th is is a bill in which I take some
interest.
A Member. The reading of the report may be
satisfactory.
Mr. BAYLY. The reading of the report will
not satisfy me. 1 am against the bill, and, as
yet, I am not exactly ready to answer the report.
1 beg, therefore, that the bill may be passed over
informally. Besides, it is one of these patent
cases, requiring the Commissioner of Patents to
do what the law does not now authorize. In such
a case as this is I ask that the bill be passed over
till I have had time to investigate the facts of the
case.
[Cries of " Certainly ! " " Certainly! "]
The bill was passed over informally.
EZRA -WILLIAMS.
Senate bill (No. 125) " for the relief of Ezra
Williams."
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the claimant, Ezra Williams, the
sum of $500 in full for his services, out of office
hours, m putting an alphabetical index to the nu-
merical register of warrants in the land bounty
division of the General Land Office, under the
direction of*the late Commissioner, Richard M.
Young.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to state to the
committee that when this bill was called up before
I made an objection to it; but I am now satisfied
that the bill ought to pass, and I withdraw that
objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. [ move that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES COOPER.
Senate bill (No..90) " for the relief of Charles
Cooper."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment be authorized and directed to s pay to
Charles Cooper & Co., of Bangor, Maine, ยง300
in full for interest due to them from the United
States, on a liquidated amount of $30,989 pay-
able by contract, on the 13th day of August, 1850,
and then duly required, but withheld until the 12th
day of October following for want of an appro-
priation therefor.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object to that bill; it pro-
poses to pny interest.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state
that this bill is precisely similar to one which has
passed the House this session. It is not an ordi-
nary clairn for interest. It is for interest upon
money which was due to these individuals under
positive contract.
Mr. NICHOLS. There was a case, according
to my recollection, precisely likethis, presented in
the House by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Hillyer,] where a contract had been made with
an Army officer, by which a certain amount was
to be paid-. The olaim for interest, however, was
refused by the House, and the bill passed appro-
priating precisely the sum named in the contract,
without any allowance for interest.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman when this claim was presented to the Gov-
ernment >
Mr. WASHBURN. It was presented imme-
diately after the money was due.
Mr. EDGERl'ON, (Mr. Mace temporarily
occupying the chair.) This case is precisely sim-
ilar to others which have passed the House. -This
Government made a contract with the memorialists
at Boston, under which they were to tiansport
a certain amount of lumber to San Francisco.
These parties fulfilled their contract, and returned
to Boston, "and applied for the payment of the
amount agreed upon. The officer at San Fi-an-
| cisco certified that the contract had been fulfilled;
but when the memorialists applied for the money,
there was no appropriation out of which it could
be paid. The appropriation was not made until
the 30th of September, and the payment was de-
layed until some time in October.
This claim is for inteiestupon thH amount from
the time the account was presented in Boston,
having been certified to upon the fulfillment of the
contract, until the time when it was paid, in Octo-
ber following. The only reason why the money
was not paid was, that the general appropriation
bill was not passed until the 30th of September.
I move that the bill be laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WALSH. 1 move that the committee do
now rise. 1 do not want this bill passed to-day.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JAMES DUNNING.
Senate bill (No. 91) "for the relief of James
Dunning."
The bill directs that there be paid to James Dun-
ning ยง255 98, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, in full, for interest
due to him from the United States on a liquidated
amount of $13,472 62, payable by contrac^on the
18th day of June, 1850, but withheld until the 12th
