1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ask why does not your Postmaster General let
this contract, a<s he does all other mail contracts,
to the lowest bidder? Why provide in this bill
for a monopoly?
Sir, I did not intend to say one word in reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee,
as the gentlemen from Maryland and Missouri
have so fully discussed the nature of this measure;
and I shall content myself by voting, either to re-
fer this bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; or, if the friends of this bill
prefer to recommit it to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, I will vote for that refer-
ence. But I will not consent that the vote shall
be taken now, unless those who agree with me
that the bill is objectionable, think best that it
should be taken now, and in that case I will con-
sent to it.
Mr. PHELPS. I have not understood that this
bill contemplated disturbing the existing mail con-
tracts now existing for the transportation of the
mails from New York to San Francisco, but that
it contemplates the establishment of an additional
line. By the provisions of this bill, as I under-
stand it, the Postmaster General is required to
accept a contract, and enter into an agreement, for
the transportation of the letter and paper mail
only. Now it is true, perhaps, that in ordinary,
common parlance the paper and Jetter mail would
embrace all the mailable matter, but in the legal
acceptation of those words it would not embrace
all mailable matter besides letters and newspapers.
This shows that it was the intention of the mover
of the bill to establish this line as an additional
fine to California.
Mr. CHURCHWELL here obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield the floor for a moment?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Does the gentleman
rise to a question of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Then I yield, of
course.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What I desired to
know was, whether the gentleman has not occu-
pied the floor once upon this matter?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has had the floor once.
Mr. CHURCHWELL Does the gentleman
desire to speak upon the bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir, I do not. If
the gentleman has occupied the floor once, my
purpose was to move that the bill be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I have not occupied
the floor upon the pending question.
The SPEAKER. If that is the case, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Mr. Speaker, I am j
well satisfied from the course of things here this j
morning, that the bill has more merit in it than
was at first supposed. It has attracted the atten-
tion of the able member from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton,] who has discussed and dissected its
details, this morning, and still there is life left in
it—the main principle.
Sir, neither the honorable gentleman from Ma-
ryland nor the honorable gentleman from Missouri
have touched the principle of this bill. Not at all.
They have dwelt, from the beginning to the end,
upon questions concerning its details. They have
talked about the compensation which is offered.
They have spoken of the different routes between
the two proposed starting points, but they have
not touched the great principles of the bill itself,
not one of them. They have not told the House
the principle was wrong; they need not, for time
is money.
The honorable gentleman from Maryland tells
the House that he differs from me in reference to
this question. That is true, and we differ upon
many other questions besides this. I take it the
honorable gentleman belongs to the class of which
there are several in this House, who are opposed to
all changes, whether for good or evil, who would
not spend one dollar to save ten, but who are
willing to pay out a dollar at a time all day, as long
as they can get eighty-seven and a half cents to
one dollar back. I will not say such is the char-
acter of all who oppose this bill. They are the
men who belong—if it would not be indelicate to
use the expression—to the Old Fogy party. For
myself, I belong to the Young American party;
to the progressive party; to that party which is
imbued with a spirit of goaheaditiveness, who,
when they see one branch of the Government
withering, shrinking, becoming a mere incum-
brance upon the people's treasury, are ready to
bring forward and support a measure which will
have^the effect to give that department new life,
and place it in a healthy condition, so that it
will accommodate the wants of the public, and
thereby yield revenue sufficient for the purpose of
carrying it on. No business will succeed, sir,
unless conducted in a manner to command the
patronage of the business public. Let me ask if
this is the case with the Post Office Department ?
No, sir, the expresses carry the mail, and the De-
partment pay hundreds of thousands of dollars
to companies for running their steamers under the
pretense of carrying the Government mail. Is
this not so? Were not the facts this way before
express lines were established? Then it had no
competition, and the rural districts were better
served with mail facilities than now.
Sir, what was the condition of this Department
of the Government before these expresses were es-
tablished for carrying the mail? We had revenue
enough to afford proper mail facilities. But gen-
tlemen now say the effect of this bill will be to in-
crease the deficit of this Department; and the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri, with pleasing
manner, says the title of the bill should be changed,
and that it should be a bill to increase the deficit
in the revenues of the Department. And why?
Because it proposes to increase the sums now paid
for carrying the mail. It does no such thing. It
proposes entirely a different thing. He thinks
that time is of but little consequence. To this argu-
ment I have no reply. AH know the importance
of time.
Now I wish this House distinctly to understand
that in making out this schedule, I have no choice
as to the particular amount of compensation.
The object I had in view was only to present a
sufficient sum to induce competition m carrying
out the principle, which, likeevery new principle,
must have a test before it is permanently estab-
lished. You may, if you choose, strike out the :
compensation altogether, and if you can get any 1
one of sufficient patriotism and enterprise to un-
dertake to carry it for nothing, no one will be
more gratified that I shall.
But gentlemen say, Why take it away from the
Postmaster General ? Sir, itproposes that he shall !;
accept the contract, if in accordance with the law, j:
as he accepts all contracts. Why propose a mo- I'
nopoly? The bill proposes no monopoly. One
great feature of it is to destroy monopoly, which
its establishment will do effectually. It leaves the
matter open to competition. It invites the atten-
tion of the commercial world to contend for speed.
It proposes that, after a contract shall have been
made, if an individual or a company prove suffi-
ciently and satisfactorily before the Postmaster )
General, that they can carry the mail three con- ]j
secutive months in less time than those having the j
contract do, they shall be entitled to the contract. '
Does the bill propose that the Government shall
advance anything for the purpose of carrying out j
the project, as has been the case on former occa- j
sions? No, sir; the contract is to be carried out '
by individuals, at their own expense, and not at j
the expense of the Government. j
Does it propose to take vessels off the hands of'
contractors whenever there shall be adisposition to
change the contract, as is the case with the Panama
and other contracts ? Notatall. Sir, the bill con-
tains a new and important principle, which if tested,
will be adopted and established. The Govern-
ment is amply guarded in that respect, indeed in
every respect. If it is successful the Government
will receive much advantage from it; if it fails, the
Government loses nothing. It is at least safe.
But the honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] tells the House that every time the mails
are changed there is an increase of expenditure.
Against that 1 desire to guard. It is expressly
provided in thelnst section of the bill thatachange
shall cause no expenditure to the Government.
I request gentlemen to read that section, and they |
will satisfy themselves of the correctness of my !
position.
We are told time is of no consequence. What
are the facts? With regard to the southern mail, by
way ofthe South Carolina railroad toNewOrleans,
for speed you now pay over three hundred dollars
per mile. Time is money—speed saves time; time
saved is money made. Yet-gentlemen say that
time is of little importance; that the revenue of the
Department cannot be increased by the saving of
time. I ask, in reply, if it could perform for the
Business public their mail service in as good time
as the individual express lines now do, if it would
not receive additional mail business—and conse-
quently increased revenue, far exceeding the out-
lay, to bring about the result?
The honorable member from Maryland leads
me to believe, from his remarks, that he desires,If
I may be allowed the illustration, to place the
Government in the predicament of a landlord own-
ing an indifferent hotel, badly kept, alongside
of one well conditioned and satisfactorily kept.
What is the consequence ? Is it not an inevita-
ble result that one will force the other landlord to
put his house in a condition to compete with its
rival, or to suffer ruin, or to abandon it; for the
house well kept will get all the patronage, while
the other sinks and ruins the landlord? Is this
not precisely the case with the Government and
Post Office Department? Is it not, in a measure,
superseded by expresses? Is not this decrease
of business the cause of the heavy deficit in the
revenue of that Department? Must not that
branch of the Government be in a condition to
afford ample facilities and offer equal inducements
to the business public before they can hope to
secure its patronage? Is it now in that condi-
tion ? Are the wants of the public satisfied by
tjhe Post Office Department ? If that be so, there
is no necessity for the passage of the bill. But
what are the facts? Here is the letter of the,
Postmaster General, in which he recommends
additional service for California, to the extent
of $600,000; and yet he objects to the bill. If
I may be allowed to judge, and 1 hope I do not
judge harshly, it seems to me that his main ob-
jection is because the bill appears to take from
him patronage, while it increases the revenue of
the Department. The adoption of the main prin-
ciple of the bill, sir, is all I care particularly
about: as to its details, arrange them as you
please. I do not desire to have anything em-
braced in the hill which is objectionable to the
House. The principle of the bill, I repeat, is what
I wish to see established. I desire that the mails
shall be carried according to time; not that they
shall be placed in steamers, and these steamers
allowed to make their trips just as they think
proper; to load and to unload freight on the way,
and detain and delay Government business, I
desire that whenever the Government mail is put
aboard that they will speed quickly to the des-
tined port. That is the object of the bill.
As 1 have already said, however, I do not wish
to embrace anything in it which is objectionable
to the House. The gentleman from Missouri says
that the time is too long. It is ten years; and he
talks about theGaray, and the Sloo, and the Ram-
say, and the Cormack, and I do not know how
many other routes. The bill proposes thequick-
est route. Nicaragua is now Baid to he the quick-
est. If so, let them have it; but if anybody can
beat them on the same or any other route, the
parties making quicker time should be entitled to
the contract. In other words, the United States
mail, the people's mail, should move along and
up with all the developments of the times.
Ought not Government reap the advantage of
such improvements and developments alike with
express lines. For myself, I have no choice of
routes,and certainly no concern about pay. If you
will establish the principle of my bill, and any man
has patriotism enough to take the contract without
compensation, strike out the schedule. Iften years
is too long for the contract, bring it down to five
years. If that is too long, bring it down to one
year. All I ask of you is to establish the princi-
ple, nothing more and nothing less. Once prop-
erly understood by the country, it will be de-
manded at your hands.
i hope the House will give thatconsideration to
the bill that its merits demand, and I have every
reason to believe that they will do so. The motion
that was made by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Orr,] a few days ago, to postpone -
the consideration of the bill for three weeks, has
been*lost, I may say by accident, as it was dis-
tinctly understood that it was to be renewed. I
hope the House will, therefore, vote down the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and let it be
