1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
But their course is known to all. There was j
never a more sublime spectacle presented to the '
world than that presented by the National Democ-
racy in 1848, when, casting patronage to the
winds, they stood up to defend the integrity of
the Constitution against those who, taking advan-
tage of the excitement of a popular election, were
endeavoring to create a sectional feeling, to array
one portion of our people against the other, to the
imminent danger of ultimate ruin to the country
itself.
Sir, after the result of that election—for I prom-
ised not to detain the House long on this occa-
sion, and I shall not do it—they found that public
opinion was coming about—that the action of
that which Martin Van Buren called " the sober
second thought of the people"—and it is the only
sentence that Martin Van Buren ever uttered that
will bear repetition—[much laughter]—and that
" sober second thought of the people " has con-
signed him and his associate traitors to an igno-
minious oblivion, from which e\ en thearchangel's
tiunipet will never awaken them. [Renewed
laughter.] Sir, through that sober second thought
the determined sense and patriotism of this people
had stiicken treason to the dust, and the result
was, that any man whose past history showed a
fair record—if he had received the nomination at
Baltimore—would have been elected just as easily
as President Pierce was. These men, finding
that the overwhelming tide of popular sentiment
was about to sweep them into oblivion; finding
that a storm was coming which they had neither
the manhood to meet, nor the ability to resist;
finding that they stood in the position in which
they now stand, like rattlesnakes with their poi-
sonous fangs extracted—with the same disposition
to strike, but without the power to harm—they
pretended to get upon a platform which the Union
says was a delusion and a cheat, but which the
Administration, in its practice, says was a wiping
out of all past sins.
Itis,as we all know, a well-established rule, at
least among the truly orthodox and faithful in the
church, that whenever a man deseits the church
he must, before he can come back into full com-
munion, do penance for his crimes, and show
si<i-ns of sincere contrition; and I know of no good
reason why the same principle should not be ap-
plied to political backsliders. [A laugh.]
Now, sir, in 1852, the Democracy of the coun-
try met in the Baltimore convention, and a plat-
form was there laid down, upon which General
Pierce was nominated. If he received that nomi-
nation without a pledge, he did not receive the voles i
of the people of the United States witlfout a ,
pledge; because, in his letter of acceptance, he said, i
distinctly and emphatically, that he accepted the j
nomination with the accompanying resolutions,
not because those resolutions were ;i condition of >
the nomination, but because they were in strict ;
keeping with every art of his past political life. ,
How lias that pledge been carried out m his ap- ;
pointments to office' \
And here let me tell gentlemen that if they sup- j
pose that the opposition to the Administration !
comes from men who have been disappointed
office-seekers, they sadly underrate the character t
of the men with whom they have to (leal, if they
suppose there is any disposition upon the part of
the Democracy of the State of New \ ork to make
war upon the Administration, they are wrong.
But when the Administration undertook to inter-
fere in our local elections—when they sent forth
the mandate that Greene C. Bronson must do their j
dirty work—and if they were deceived m Mr. |
Bronson"s character it was their own fault—if i
thev expected to find a poor, servile tool in Judge
Bronson, and found an honorable, high-minded ;
man, it was their fault, not ours; when they i
uttered a threat to interfere in our elections, under !
the miserable expectation that we were weak, and !
our ad versaries were strong—weheard the mandate
m sorrow—we hurled back the threat with con-
temptuous indignation; we defied its power, and
ultimately triumphed toour hearts'content. We
triumphed, sir, against all the power, and all the
appliances of the Administiation.
And let me tell the friends of the Administration
/in this House now, that when the next election
comes they will find that triumph ten tunes more
signal than it was before. Those who were Barn-
burners in 1848 are now what are called "Softs.
[Laughter.] Well, what is a Soft? ^Ve aie
called "Hards." The best illustration of anything
hard is a diamond. It is a fair representation of
our purity and our hardness. [Laughter.] We
all know what sofl means in morals. A man soft
in morals is open to any rascality. [Laughter.]
A "Soft" in politics is pretty much the same
thing. We all know what is meant by a man
with a soft head. Such a one is intellectually
soft. A "Soft" is simply an individual whose
morals and politics are of the putty character, and
who is ready to accommodate himself to any form
which promises profit. [Laughter.]
I once told one of our State officers, outside of
the capitol in Albany, as follows: Said he, " Mike,
what reason have you to question the sincerity of
men who were true in 1848?" f asked him, " Were
you true in 1848?" " Was'nt l,"hereplied. "I
did not hear," said I, "of your doing anything
negatively. I do not know whether you had the
power, if you would, to do so." " What do you
mean?" he asked. "Provided you were, as
Redfield is said to have been, square in 1848,
does that go to show that you are square now?"
" Yes," he said. " Not unless I have read his-
tory to but httle profit, sir. Benedict Arnold !
was as sincere and as gallanta patriot before there
was a sufficient amount of British gold offered for
his treason. Not unless my theological knowl-
edge is equally deficient. Judas Iscariot was an
humble and true follower of our Saviour before
those thirty pieces of silver were shoved at him."
[Laughter.] I can readily understand, Mr. Chair-
man, how a corrupt anil mercenary man, when
he is offered to be helped into position far beyond
the measure of his merits, by those who are for-
mally allayed against him, can play the part of
Benedict Arnold or Judas Iscanot. The only dif-
ference between a Soft and an actual Abolitionist
is, that the one is in the decomposing process.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I wish, so far as I am concerned,to
be distinctly understood in tins committee; and I
believe what I say will not conflict at all with the
opinions of our friends. We do not propose to
array ourselves against any thing Democratic which
may come through the Administration, no more
than we would be governed in our action, pro-
vided the Administration were opposed to it. The
Democratic party, as it formerly existed, was a
party of well-defined and universally-understood
principles; but the course winch has been pursued
latterly, of recognizing the claim of factionists to
the snules and favor of the Administration, is a
degrading declaration sent forth to the world that
hereafter we are to come together, not upon com-
mon ground < f principle, but that we are to come
together like a band of bandits, amalgamated for
the sake of common plunder; and then, after we
have gained our purpose, like John Van Buren,
to stand upon the platform, true to General Pierce's
Administration—or, in other words, as long as we
hold oilice—and afterwards to be at liberty to re-
turn to our old sins.
Now, Mr. Chairman, previous to closing, I
want to refer to one point, and that is, the various
votes which have been taken in this House (and
where those who have voted have denied that
their votes were to be taken as any test question)
have all been claimed as Administration triumphs
as soon as they were effected. I have been told |
by gentlemen upon this floor, and by gentlemen >
occupying high positions m the Government—and j
I wish to be distinctly understood on this subject— ■
! I have been told, I say, that their sympathies are j
with us; but that they did not regard the casting
of their votes on certain questions as arraying 1
1 them against the action, or as indorsing the action |
, of the Administration. !
! Let me repeat here, sir, what I have told those i
' gentlemen, that we are not objects of sympathy— j
we despise sympathy. Sympathy may be fit
for sick cripples or old ladies, but not for men who
have gallantly stood up against the power and
: patronage of State and General Administrations.
W/are objects of admiration and respect, but we
not objects of sympathy. We despise sym-
^athy. T
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I
propose to say a very few words. A very im-
portant question has arisen in the country which
is not understood; and as the hall has been started
here to-day, I shall ask the honorable gentleman
from New York [Mr. Walsh] to give an expla-
nation which may go out to the country with his
speech—with either his or my own. The inform-
ation I wish here, and the question which the
people throughout the United States wish to un-
derstand is, what is the reason for the political
designation—what is the difference between the
New York Hards and the New York Softs? I
will give way to the honorable gentleman from
New York to reply to the question.
Mr. WALSH. The difference is the difference
between an honest man and a rogue. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I must confess, Mr. Speaker,
that the reply of thegentleman from New York is
a little equivocal. I do not yet know whether the
Soft is the rogue, or whether the Hard is the rogue.
Mr. WALSH. That deficiency of knowledge
must be ascribed to the gentleman's undeistand-
ing inasmuch as 
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman repeat his
reply? I have not heard it.
Mr. Walsh did not take the floor.
Mr. SMITH. Well, it is not a matter of very
much importance. Mr. Chairman, I think it is
time really that the Democracy of the country-
should understand something about this matter;
and I, being a Democrat,—as I claim to be,'—de-
sired to be really informed on this distinction be-
tween the Hards and Softs. I expected to hear
from thegentleman from New York [Mr. Walsh]
a serious and sincere answer; but being character-
istic of him, of course he is excusable for not ex-
plaining further.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Chairman, I should like
to know what the gentleman means by the term
characteristic, and if he means it to imply any
want of sincerity on my part ?
Mr. SMITH. I mean that the gentleman is
brief, blunt, and not always satisfactory. I meant
nothing disrespectful to thegentleman.
Mr. CUTTING. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama will allow me, I will say, that if no other
gentleman does it, I will seek the opportunity to
explain the difference between the " Hards" and
the "Softs" of the State of New York, and in
so doing, it will be necessary simply to trace the
history of the party in New York. That history-
will furnish the gentleman with the information
he desires.
Mr. SMITH. I yield to the gentleman to do
it now.
Mr. CUTTING. Not at this time.
Mr. SMITH. 1 expected to hear from the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Walsh] an ex-
planation of what the difference is.
Mr. WALSH. I will tell the gentleman what ,
it is in a few words. The difference between a
Barnburner and an Abolitionist in disguise—that
is, a " Soft"—is, that a " Soft" is a man who has
never done anything for the Democratic party
except for his own personal advancement and
aggrandizement; bearing the name of Democrat
merely for the purpose of benefiting himself.
Mr. SMITH. In responding to the gentleman
from New York, I must confess that, for one,
when this controversy first bioke out, my sym-
1 pathies weie with the " Ilards," as I understood
I the subject; but, upon a closer examination of this
i whole matter, I confess that I do believe that the
whole controversy is too sectional—I may say too
I factional—to disturb the harmony of the Demo-
'■ cratic party throughout this country.
! Now, sir, to be a little playful^l propose to
i refer the honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Walsh] to a part of the history of Gulli-
i ver's adventures in Lihput, to show the smallnees
I of the political quarrel—the absurdity of the politi-
cal quarrel; and to show that, however much it
' may distract the party within the borders of the
State of New York, it ought not to extend beyond
""Mr. CUTTING, (interrupting.) Even though
assailed beyond it?
Mr. SMITH. Many gentlemen will remem-
' i ber that when GuJhver went into Liliput he touna
:! that government in a state of great turmoil and
i he very naturally inquired into the cause of it.
I I lmve the history of the matter here befoie me,
' Ld I propose to yread it. in order that we may
! be enl^htened as to the extent of the words
"Hard" and "Soft." The history of the sub-
' iect after some preliminary matter, urns thus:
! „ ™ mitfbtv Powers have, as I was goine to tell
iftirt'y moona past.
Jt hf gan upon the following occasion :
