1760
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
July 15.
therefore move that the report and papers be again
referred to the committee.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. RUFFIN. When I was absent this morn-'
ing, in attendance on the special committee of in-
vestigation, application was ml.de and granted for
leave to withdraw the petition and papers of Mrs.
Pennington. I had reported to the Committee of
Claims, and that committee had directed me to
report adversely on the case. 1 now wish to state
that had 1 been in my place, I should have objected
to the withdrawal of the papers.
Mr. SHANNON, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported back Senate bill (No.
363) for the relief of Jonas P. Levy and Jose
Maria Jarrero," with a recommendation that it do
pass; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with theaccompanymg report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PERKINS, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that we may proceed to the consid-
eration of business upon the Speaker's tabl'e, for
the purpose of referring some bills from the Sen-
ate. It will not consume more than fifteen or
twenty minute's time.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon,(at three o'clock) adjourned till Mon-
day, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 15, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. J3enry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Clay and Benjamin the additional mem-
bers on the Committee on Enrolled Bills, author-
ized by the order adopted yesterday.
CORRECTION OF A VOTE.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not know that the Jour-
nal can be corrected as I wish; but 1 desire to
state a misapprehension which I entertained about
'a question on which I voted yesterday. My col-
league [Mr. Benjamin] offered an amendment to
the homestead bill, by which children born in the
United States were permitted to enjoy certain priv-
ileges, and to enter upon one hundred and sixty
acres of land. As presented by my colleague, it
was without restriction as to age. I was called
out of the Senate Chamber, and in my absence he
modified his amendment by restricting it to per-
sons above the age of sixteen. If I had known
the amendment was in that form, I should have
voted for it. Under a misapprehension, I voted
in the negative. I wish to make that explanation;
and, if possible, I should prefer to have my vote
corrected on the Journal.
Several Senators. That cannot be done.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that it is not in-
consistent with the usages of the Senate, when the
result is not changed by the correction of a vote,
given in error, to allow it to be corrected. If it
be so, I ask the privilege of having my vote re-
corded in the affirmative, instead of the negative,
on that amendment.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
that will be done by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of the heirs and legal representatives of
Captain Thomas Dinsmore, a soldier in the war
of 1812, praying to be allowed arrears ofpension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of the
compositors, proof-readers, and makers-up em-
ployed in the office of the Congressional Globe,
praying to be allowed the same extra compensa-
tion as is allowed to the reporters of the proceed-
ings of the Houseof Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BEAUFORT.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate of the 26th
March, i££3, in relation to Uie establishment of & naval de-
pot at Beaufort, in North Carolina, with the accompanying
d&cuments and map or chart, be printed, and that three
thousand additional copies be furnished, five hundred of
which shall be for the use of the Navy Department, and that
the map or chart be engraved and printed under the direc-
tion of the superintendence of the Coast Survey.
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. PETTIT. I am daily in'receipt of letters
requesting that official copies of the act providing
for the organization of the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska be printed and circulated. I am
credibly informed that the copies published in the
newspapers here,even though officially published,
are denied all over the Union, as being authentic.
I therefore offer the following resolution, and ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to have it
considered at this time:
Resolved, That there be ten thousand copies of the Kan-
sas and Nebraska act, certified by the Secretary of the Sen-
ale, printed in pamphlet form for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. I prefer that the resolution
should he over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consider-
ation of the resolution being objected to, it must
lie over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a copy of a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, submitting estimates of
the amount necessary to carry into effect treaties
recently negotiated in the city of Washington with
the Sacs and Foxes of Missouri, Delawares,
lowas, and Kickapoos; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 7th instant, information in relation
to the improvement of the bar at the mouth of the
St. John's river, Florida; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of Charles W. Carroll; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
COMMANDER INGRAHAM.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, for the last five
or six months, there has been lying on the table
a House jointresolution " of thanks of Congress,
and the presentation of a medal to Captain Dun-
can N. Ingraham." m
The object is to bestow some testimonial on him
for his gallant conduct in the rescue of Koszta at
Smyrna. It was reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs several months ago; but the Sen-
ator from North Carolina then wished to add
some amendments to it, to which I believe there
is now no objection on the part of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It proposes to present the thanks of Congress
to Duncan N. Ingraham, commanding the United
States sloop-of-war St. Louis, for his judicious
ahd gallant conduct on the 2d day of July, 1823,
in extendingthe protection of the American Gov-
ernment to Martin Koszta, by rescuing him from
forcible and illegal seizure and imprisonment, on
board the Austrian brig-of-war Hussar; and the
President is requested to cause to be made a medal,
with suitable devices, and presented to Captain
Ingraham, as a testimonial of the high sense en-
tertained by Congress of his valor, promptness,
and judicious conduct on that above memorable
occasion.
The President is to cause this resolution to be
communicated to Captain Ingraham, m such terms
as he may deem best calculated to give effect to
the objects contemplated.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the reason
why I suggested that I wished to make some
amendments to this resolution, was not at all be-
cause I was reluctant to do honor to the o§icer to
whom the resolution refers, and who I think is
eminently entitled to be distinguished by a proper
vote ofCongrese on the occasion. But upon look-
ing into the resolution, I found that by some over-
sight the precedents that had taken place in our
history, had not been attended to. In the first
place, I remarked that the highest testimony of
regard which can be conferred upon an officer of
the Army or Navy, entirely above even medals
and swords, is the thanks of Congress. In the
naval history of this country, the thanks of Con-
gress have been given to naval officers^ but on
three occasions, and those were to the command-
ers of squadrons—Perry and McDonough, on
our lakes, and Commodore Preble for his extra-
ordinary naval campaign on the Mediterranean.
Neither Hull", nor Bainbridge, nor Decatur, nor
any of those gallant officers who signalized them-
selves in doing honor to the country in single
combats, ever received a vote of the thanks of
Congress. I think, therefore, that, with regard
to Commander Ingraham, he will have no reason
to complain if the resolution puts him on a foot-
ing with Hull, and Bainbridge, and Decatur, and
Jacob Jones, and other officers of that kind.
In the next place, Mr. President, tbe third sec-
tion directs that these resolutions shall be com-
municated to this officer by the President of the
United States, in such manner as he may think
best calculated to give effect to the purpose of Con-
gress. Now, sir, that has never been done in the
naval service of the country, either to him who
commanded a single vessel, or him who com-
manded a squad i on. There are cases in which Con-
gress have passed expressions of approbation in
respect to officers who have fallen in the service of
the country, when they have directed the Presi-
dent to communicate to thesurvivm? relatives the '
condolence of Congress in the affliction which
they, as well as the country, had sustained.
I propose, therefore, to amend the resolution in
this way, which will put it precisely on a footing
with the resolutions which Congress adopted for
the officers I have named—Hull, Decatur, Jacob
Jones, Bainbridge, and others. I propose to strike
out the first section which containsa voteofthanks, „
to amend the second section by striking out all of
that section after the word "President" in line
three, and to insert the words which I send to the
Chair; at\d third, to strike out the third section,
which directs these resolutions to be communica-
ted to Commander Ingraham. It will then consist
of one single resolution, brief, direct, and equiv-
alent to what was done in the case of the officers
I have mentioned. After that is done I shall
have an amendment to offer to the title. If the
amendments I now propose be adopted, the joint
resolution will read:
Resolved, 4*c.  That the President of the United States be
and he is hereby, requested to cau«e to be made a medal,
with suitable devices, and presented to Commander Duncan
N. Ingraham, of the Navy of the United States, as a testi-
monial of the high sense entertained by Congress of his
gallant and judicious conduct onthe 2d of July, 1853, in
extending protection to Martin Koszta by rescuing him
jrom illegal seizure and imprisonment on board the Austrian
war brig Hussar.
The amendments were agreed to, the joint res-
olution was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The joint resolution was
ordered to a third reading, read a third time, and
passed; and, on motion by Mr. Badger, its title
was amended, so as to read:
A joint resolution, directing the presentation of
a medal to Commander Duncan N. Ingraham.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1855, was read a first and sec-
| ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for light-houses, light-boats,
buoys, &c., and providing for the erection and
establishment of the same, and for other purposes,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
THOMAS K. GLENN.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Po3t Office and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill for the relief of Thomas K. Glenn,
to report it back without amendment. J ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider it
now.
I will state the substance of the bill. It is for
the relief of a mail contractor who bid on two
short routes. One he bid for at §300, the other at
$125—one being.shorter than the other. Therein
