902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
postponed for three weeks, that members may
have an opportunity to investigate it as they desire.
Mr. LETCHER. As my progressive friend
haa reached a water station, [laughter,] I would
inquire why he does not propose to apply this
principle to all the inland mails, as well as to the
ocean mails ?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. If thegentleman had
examined the bill; if he had paid attention to the
remarks which 1 submitted to the House the other
day, he would have seen that the object is to es-
tablish the principle that hereafter, when con-
tracts are let, the Postmaster General shall propose
to receive bids for carrying the mails from point
to point—say from some point in Virginia to the
gentleman's "water station," if you please—
[laughter] at so much as per schedule attached,
according to time, and the Postmaster General
will then have the privilege of selecting the lowest
bids according to time, by which means he will
be able to give greater mail facilities to the rural
districts.
It has been argued that the districts in the inte-
rior will not be served by the adoption of this
measure; and I was astonished to hear the gen-
tleman from Maryland advance the idea, in his
remarks to-day, that the interests of the large cities
will be advanced by it. Sir, that is the cry con-
tinually, not only here, but elsewhere; and upon
that point let me ask this simple question: Who
is it that pays the largest amount of revenue into
the Treasury? Does not your revenue come from
the mercantile community as well as from the
agricultural community? And can you advance the
interests of the one without advancing the inter-
ests of the other? Do gentlemen here desire to dru w
a distinction between the agricultural and the com-
mercial communities? And if so, what is the
character of that distinction? Can the one exist
without the other ? Theinnterests are inseparable.
Where is the basis of the one without the other?
I propose to advance the interests of both. I pro-
pose to give strength to that arm of the Govern-
ment which is now palsied.
We have here the report of the honorable gen-
tleman at the head of that Department, telling us
that the deficit is so great that he is unable to give
proper facilities for the transportation of mails in
the inland and rural districts. I proposeto remedy
this difficulty by establishing the principle of the
bill, in order that our coaches may be replaced on
our inland and rural routes; that our facilities
may be increased. What is the fact? You may
go to the Post Office Department, to-day, and ask
the Postmaster General to give you better mail fa-
cilities, or as good as you have had heretofore m
years gone by m your inland country, and what
does he tell you ? Me will tell you that he would
do it with great pleasure, but that there is a large
deficit in the revenues of the Department, and that
he cannot go to any further expense.
I propose to remove this difficulty, to offer the
public inducements to patronize his Department,
and thereby increase its revenue and cut down
the deficiency.
I trust the House will consent to postpone the
consideration of this bill for thiee weeks, and that
it may be printed, so that members may examine
its details, and discuss its merits. If members
will take time to examine its provisions, to con-
eider the mam principle involved, I have no fears
of the result. Whatever may be the fate of the
bill to-day, I am well satisfied that it will be
adopted at some future day. Tf it is not, that
withered arm of the Government will have to be
severed from the body to preserve it, or it will eat
out its vitals and absorb its blood. I care not for
the schedule; it is the principle of the bill that I
wish to see adopted. I desire to hold out such
inducements to the business men of the commu-
nity as will secure the safe and rapid transmission
of the mails between the important points named
in the bill, as will confer great and lasting benefit
upon al! the interests of the country.
Mr. Speaker, no new principle of permanent
public utility was ever established without first
having to wade through bitter opposition.
This bill contains a great principle. I did not
expect it would pass without opposition. It
would have been unreasonable to have supposed
that it would. While I was prepared for this,
sir, I did not think that the details would over-
shadow the principle of the bill in the mind of
honorable gentlemen who have spoken against it.
Had the principle been made the pbject of
attack, honorable gentlemen would perhaps have
felt the necessity for a closer examination of the
bill than their remarks indicate; but should the
bill be lost, will the country excuse them for sac-
rificing an important measure because they would
not tax their leisure to. study the great principle
proposed to be established? Gentlemen have at-
tacked the details—the figures—and these are noth-
ing. It is the principle 1 advocate. It is the prin-
ciple I defend. I would see it firmly fixed in the
administrative policy of the Government. Do
this, and it is all I ask.
Mr. Speaker, has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. OLDS. Let us have a vote some way upon
this matter.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I do not desire to
intrude further upon the patience of the House,
although my bantling has been so fiercely attacked
this morning. I will ask the House that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed for
three weeks, and that it be printed; and upon this
motion 1 call the previous question.
Mr. KERR. Will it be in order to move to
postpone the bill indefinitely?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion will not be
in order until the motion to postpone to a day
certain, and the motion to commit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on ihe state of the Union are
first disposed of.
Mr. KERR. I then move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion for a
moment.
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 believe the morning hour has
expired, and 1 hope that the House will be inclined
to proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, as there are a few bills lying there.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Ciiurchwell] moves to postpone
its further consideration to this day three weeks,
which motion would take precedence of the mo-
tion to commit and print. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] moves to lay the bill
upon the table, which will take precedence of
either or both of the other motions. The gentle-
man from Illinois moves that the House proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bissell's
motion; and the House refused to proceed to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion that the bill do he upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. But the gentleman from
North Carolina, at my request, withdrew it for a
moment.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to post-
pone to a day certain would not be debatable.
Mr. LETCHER. Will not thegentleman from
Tennessee withdraw his motion to postpone for a
moment? I promise to renew it.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I cannot do so.
Mr. LETCHER. I then renew the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The roll having been called, there were—yeas
89, nays 59; as follows:
VFAS—Me^rs. WilJw Allen, Ball, Belcher, Bennett,
Boyce, Bridget Campbell, CaruMicr-*, Chrisman, Clark,
Cobb, Corwiii, Co\, Craigr, Crocker, CnMoin, Dawson,
Dean, Drum, Eastman, Cddv, Edmnnd*, English, Fiher-
idge, Kverhart, Kvvnig, Fuller, Hamilton, Aaion Harlan,
Haven, Henn, Uihbard, Ihoter, Howe, Hunt, ing'TSoll,
Daniel T. Jone^, J. Clancy Jones, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox,
Kurfz. Letcher, Lilly, Lindtey, Lyon, MeMulhn, Macy,
Maurice, Mea( ham, IVIuldtessvaHh, John G. Miller, Mor-
rison, Murraj, Andrew Oliver, Fork, Peekham, Phelps,
Pratt, P in year, Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, liufiin, Salnn,
Sapp, Seward, Sp\monr, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Sin-
gleton, SkeJton, Oeorjje W. Smyth, Snodgra^s, Stratton,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Vanuatu, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, John Wenhvorth, YVitte, Daniel B.
Wrurht, Yiik's, and ZoUieofter—F9.
N AYS—Mes-r=. .Aiken, <\ppleton, Banks, Bark-sdalo,
Barry, Benson, Hisseli, Carpenter, f'ha-tain, Churchwell,
Chnginan, Colquitt, Cook, John G. Pavw, Thomas Davis,
Dent. Disney, Dnnhar, Dunham, Fdireiton. Ellison, Fen-
ton, Florence, (Jondi ich, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J. Har-
lan. Sampson \V. Hairis, fJani.-on, ILi-tin^. Hughes, Ro-
land Jon^s, Latham, Lmd.-iey, MeDougaJl, Mace, Mayall,
Smith Miller, Moigan, Nichols, Olds, Parker, John Perkins,
Phillips, Riddle, Rowe, Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P Stanton, Rich-
ard 11. Stanton, Ilestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart,Tweed,
(Jpham, Vail, and Warren—59.
So the bill was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table; and
I also move that the House do now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me, to enable me to make a proposition ?
Mr, CAMPBELL declined yielding the floor.
Mr. COBB. Why, the gentleman from Ohio
has made two motions at once.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was laid on the table.
The {SPEAKER. The motion that the House
do now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union has been made,
and takes precedence of the motion to reconsider.
Mr. LETCHER. Is not my motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table a privileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question, and
so is the other, and one of higher dignity.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashe and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50; not a sufficient number.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move, Mr. Speaker,
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 now ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the special order may
be postponed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to that motion.
I have objection to the making of a special order
in the matter.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
GRADUATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Fuller in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 1, to encourage ag-
riculture, commerce, manufactures, and all other
branches of industry, by granting to every man
who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land out of the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy ana cultivation of the
same for the period herein specified, and to grad-
uate and reduce the price of the public lands,
i TheCHAIRMAN. When the committee last
I rose, the pending question was the motion of the
■ gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to strike out
! all after the word " that," in the first line of the
first section, to the word " all," in the first lineof
; the seventh section. Upon that motion thegentle-
! man from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is entitled to the
i floor.
] Mr. DISNEY. I rise to ask for information in
! regard to this bill; and, first of all, to enable me to
arrive at the point I desire, I ask what the title of
i the bill is ?
: The CHAIRMAN". The Clerk will read the
title.
The title was then read, (as inserted above.)
i Mr. DISNEY. I now desire further to ask
I whether debate upon this bill has been limited by
the order of the House; and if so, when and
under what circumstances?
I The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been limited
under an order of the House, which will be read.
The order was read, as follows:
i >l Resolved, That House bill No. 1, being bill to en-
, couraire ngruiuituro, commerce, manufacture®, and all other
. branches of industry, by gi anting to every man who is the
head of a family, and a citizen of the Cmted States, a home-
I stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the pub-
: he domain, upon oonditton ofoccupaney and cultivation of
J the same for the period herein specified, and to graduate
' and reduce the priee of the puhhc lands;' and House b H
' No. 37, < to encourage agiiculture, coinmetce, manufac-
