1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tures, and ail other branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is the Itead of a family,and a citizen ofthe
United States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres
of iand out of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
pancy and cultivation of the same for the period hereiuspe-
cifieil,' be the special order of the day, in the order in which
they were reported to the House, for Tuesday, the 14th of
February next, and for each succeeding day, private bill
days excepted, until disposed of.
" Resolved, That all defcfate on said special order or bills
shall terminate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, at three o'clock, p. m., on Tuesday, 2lst of
February next, when the House shall proceed to vote on
the pending amendments, and such as may be offered to
said lulls, alter which the committee shall rise and report
to the House."
Mr. DISNEY. Exactly. I now raise the point
of order which I have before indicated, and ask
for the decision of the Chair upon it. I submit
that the order of the House, which has just been
read, limiting debateupon the bills designated, has
been executed by the committee. The House
having disposed of the homestead question, by a
well settled principle of parliamentary law, no
other bill proposing the same is before the House.
I submit that question of order. But even should
this be held otherwise—should this bill be now
properly and legitimately before the committee, I
submit that the order of theHouselimitingdebate
and requiring the committee to proceed to vote, &e.,
has been executed, and no longer applies to the
bill under consideration. I make these two ques-
tions of order, therefore: First, that the House
having disposed of one homestead bill, by a well
settled principle of parliamentary law, no other
homestead bill can come before the committee;
and second, that the order limiting debate npon
the homestead bill having been executed by the
committee, does not apply to the pending bill, if
it should be decided that this bill is now pending
before us.
Mr. COBB. I suppose it is in-order to discuss
this question. 1 think 1 can show the committee
that the gentleman's questions of order will not
hold good. I think the intelligence of the com-
mittee will bring them to that conclusion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The order of the House is in the plural number,
including bills No. 1 and 37. Bill No. 37 seems
to have been disposed of; and bill No. 1 is still
pending.
Mr. DISNEY. That is the very point I make.
These bills are both upon the same subject, and I
submit that the disposition of one disposes of them
both.
The CHAIRMAN. Bill No. 1 has not been
disposed of.
Mr. DISNEY. Am I to understand the Chair
to rule that if there be forty homestead bills re-
ferred to this committee, this one having been
disposed of, the others would still be before the
committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that of
the two bills designated in the order of the House
which has been read by the Clerk, only one has
been disposed of, and that debate is closed upon
that bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It seems to me that the
point raised by the gentleman from Ohio, is well
taken. Those two bills relating to the same sub-
ject-matter, were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; one of them
was taken up and disposed of, and it seems to me
that in disposing of that bill the House disposed
of the subject-matter, and that the other bill is no
longer before us. I do not think it was the inten-
tion of the House to make this bill a special order.
I know I had no such intention.
Mr. COBB. It was my intention to make it a
special order. I had charge of the bill; and I think
that was the intention of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That was not my inten-
tion. 1 repeat, that the House having disposed of
this subject-matter, it seems to me this bill should
not come up in the committee. That is my opin-
ion; and I think, upon reflection, the Chair will so
fUMr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire whether the
order of the House specifies both bills, No. 1 and
No. 37 ?
Mr. COBB. Certainly it does. ^
Mr. PHELPS, is bill No. 1 undisposed of?
Mr. COBB. Certainly it has not been disposed
of. It is the bill now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina appeal from the decision of the
Chair ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know whether I
understood distinctly the decision made by the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
one bill designated by the order of the House has
been disposed of,and that the other is now before
the committee, upon which debate has been termin-
ated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With a view of ascertain-
ing the sense of the committee in reference to the
question, whether both bills were disposed of by
the House, I will take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. KE1TT. I hope the Chair will again state
the question upon which an appeal has been taken,
so that the House may distinctly understand it.
The CHAIRMAN again stated the question.
Mr. COBB. I ask the Chair to permit me to
make one othersuggestion. Thegentleman from
North Carolina says he thinks it was not the in-
tention of the House to make this bill a special
order. I will say to thatgentleman that the House
has half a dozen times recognized this as a special
order. It has been postponed from day to day as
such.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COBB. 1 am aware that debate is not in
order; but I wished to make the suggestion for
the purpose of having the matter better under-
stood by the committee.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bilf was declared to be legitimately be-
fore the committee.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would be glad if
the Chairman would state what really is the spe-
cial order before the committee.
Mr. COBB. The question has been disposed
of, in my opinion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
title of the bill now the special order before the
committee, for the information of the gentleman
from Virginia.
The Clerk read the title of the bill (No. 1) as
previously inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
on the amendment to strike out all that portion of
the bill relating to homesteads.
Mr. DISNEY. Did I undersftnd the Chair as
embracing in his decision the second point of
order which I made?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman as raising a second point of
order.
Mr. DISNEY. I did present a second point.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman state
his second point of order again.
Mr. DISNEY. Never mind. I will not press
it.
Mr. DEAN. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama, for the purpose of
bringing it to a vote.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was adopted.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to add
the following proviso at the end of the seventh
section:
Provided, That no one person shall enter more than six
hundred and foiiy acres ot land underthe provisions of this
section.
Mr. COBB. With the gentleman's permission,
I would state that there is in another part of the
bill a provision that no person shall enter more
than three hundred and twenty acres. That pro-
vision, I think, is much better than the one the
gentleman has proposed. The bill is meant for
the benefit of actual settlers and cultivators alone.
If no gentleman wishes to amend that part of the
section which precedes the seventhJine, I have an
amendment to offer. _
Mr. DISNEY. I propose to amend it by strik-
ing it out.
Mr. Chairman, this bill is one of the manifold
schemes presented to this House, by which to des-
poil the General Government of a portion of the
public domain; and while it avoids the question of
constitutional power, it is quite as indefensible,
upon the ground of policy and expediency, as any
other proposition which has been, or probably
will be, submitted to the House.  
But, sir, for me to attempt to show to this-House
all the objections that legitimately apply to this
bill, within the limits of five minutes,- woul4 be
simply absurd; and here I find myself in the posi-
tion of opposing one of the most important bills
that could possibly be brought before Congress;
involving the disposition of hundreds of millions
of acres of the public domain, without the power-
or the opportunity of giving to the House the rea-
sons why such a bill should not be adopted. 4-11
that I can do, under the circumstances, is, of ne-
cessity, briefly and hurriedly to state a few of the
prominent objections to that bill; and I can only
do even that by snatches, by fits and starts, by
offering amendments under the rule, ]tro forma, in
order to dodge in, and steal in five minutes re-
marks at a time.
It is evident, then, that it is utterly impossible,
in the present posture of the affairs in which this
bill is placed, that either the House or the country
can understand the reasons for or against this
measure.
To begin, sir, this whole bill proceeds upon a
false assumption with regard to the facts. It pro-
ceeds upon the idea that because lands have been
offered for sale, and have remained a long time un-
sold, those lands are therefore of less value than
the other lands owned by the Government, and
ought to be put in market at a less price. Now,
this is not true in point of fact 1 have before me
a document which goes to the point. In 1898,
upon a proposition of this sort, theLand Office was
called upon to give an exhibit of the number of
acres of .the public domain then in market and
offered for sale, together with an estimate of the
probable value. This document shows that at
that time the amount of public land then in market
and offered for sale was fifty millions five hundred
thousand three hundred and thirty-four acres,
estimated at a value of $20,700,566. Assuming
the theory, upon which the bill now pending before
the committee is based, that those lands were, of '
necessity, of a less value because they Imd remained
in market for so long a period of time although
offered for sale 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNHAM. If 1 understand the purport
of the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] he is opposed to the idea of graduating
and reducing the price of the public lands. I
must confess my astonishment at the position
assumed by that gentleman, as he comes from a
State where the public lands have been in market
many years; and I presume a gefitleman of his
observation must have noticed the fact that many
of these lands remained unsold. The gentleman
correctly remarked, that it was utterly impossible,
in the limited time of five minutes, to enter into
an examination of the merits of a question of this
kind. I think that the bill under consideration is
a very important one, which, if passed, will result
in a great benefit to the country. # I believe that
the price of lands which have remained in market
for a great length of time should be reduced for
one reason, among others, which I thinkis a very
important one. It would cause the lands to be
settled and cultivated. It would prove of incalcu-
lable advantage to have these lands settled as emi-
gration progresses westward. In other words,
when a district of country is open to settlement,
inducements should be held out, as far as practica-
ble, upon the part of the Government, to have such
district of country entirely occupied and settled,
before lands are brought into market m another
district of the country. We all know, that as you
go westward and open a new district of country
for sale, that speculators go in and select ah the
best lands, leaving the refuse lands unsold. From
this cause township and county organizations are
prevented,and large quantities of second and third-
rate lands are left unsold and unimproved, lfyou
were to graduate and reduce the price of these
second and third-rate lands, many settlers occupy-
ing the best lands would induce their friends to
purchase and occupy these refuse lands, and bring
them into a state of cultivation. But if persons
are obliged to pay the same price for lands which
have been culled over, year after year, as they
would have to pay for first-rate lands by going a
little further West, they will move on where they
can make such selection; and in this way is the
western country settled, by persons who select the
best lands, and leave the second and third-rate"
lands unsold and unimf roved. It seems to me to
be the dictate of sound policy that we should
