1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
roads to the Pacific, were referred to the select
committee of thirteen. [ do not propose the con-
sideration of the motion at this time; but only that
it shall be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
Jersey insists on his motion, I would request the
withdrawal of it until I can submit a motion to
recommit the hill from theCommittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, so that they may come
up first in order for consideration to-morrow.
Mr. LILLY. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
The bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States, for the year ending June 30, 1855, was
then ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. READY. I do not think that the House is
now in a condition to consider the proposition,
and therefore move that we do now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will permit me,
before he submits his motion to adjourn, I will
move a recommittal of the bills to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to keep
them from the Speaker'^ table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that their
consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. I agree to the gentleman's motion.
I am for anything to keep them off the table.
The question was taken, and Mr. Jones's mo-
tion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned until to-mor-
row at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January IS, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Miliidhn.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FiSH presented the petition of citizens of j
New York, praying Congress to enter into a con- |
tract with Christian Hansen for the transporta- |
tion of the United States mails in steamers from I
the United States to certain ports in Europe;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of inspectors of the port of New
York, praying for an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the pe-
tition of the Mayor and aldermen of the city of
Memphis, Tennessee, praying the establishment
of a marine hospital in that city; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the pet'tion of W.
Claude Jones, praying compensation for services
rendered in the Florida war of 1837 and
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. .
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Jonn
McCutchen, praying compensation for perform-
ing certain clerical duties in the office of the Se-
cond Comptroller of the Treasury; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims. I
Mr. COOPER presented a report of the pro- ,
ceedmgs of a public meeting, held in the city of
Philadelphia, in favor of a reduction in the rates
of ocean postage; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Jean
Baptiste Beaubien, of Illinois, praying indemnity
for the loss of certain lands in the city of Chica- j
go, in said State; which was referred to the Com- |
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of M. Lovell, an oflicerof the
Army, praying that the compensation allowed |
officers of the Army, while attending oourts-mar- ,
tial, may be incieased; which was referied to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the memonal ot_ i%.
J. McLane, praying compensation for his services
in seizing and detamins horses and mules smug-
gled into the United States from Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. _ _
Mr. STUART presented the petition of citi-
zens of Muskegon, Michigan, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Mill Point, via Mus-
kegon, to Croton, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post OfHce and
Post Roads.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of Clem-
ents, Bryan & Co., praying indemnity for losses
sustained by the rescinding of a contract for fur-
nishing supplies; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of the mem-
bers of the General Assembly of Ohio, praying
the division of the State into two judicial districts;
which, as a bill upon the subject was pending
before the Senate, was ordered to lie on the table.
DETENTION OF NORTHERN MAILS.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the communication
received yesterday from the Postmaster General,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the.9th instant, in regard to the repeated detention
of the northern mails, particularly between the
cities of New York and Washington, was ordered
to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Lewis Morris he with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and refeired to the
Committee on Militaiy Allairs.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Oidcred, That the memorial of John ILtlestier, on the
file-* ot the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Foieigu
Relations.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Oideicd, That the memorial of John Council, m behalf
of sundry claimants in New York, Iioston, Philadelphia,
and lJaltiiuore, for return of duties collected under the tanll'
of 1S*2?S he withdrawn from the files; of the Senate, and le-
terred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. STUART) it was
Oidcied, That the petition of the administrator of John
Anderson be withdiawn from the files of the Senate, ami
reteiredto the Committee on Claim*-.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
On'crcd, That the petition ami accompanying paper* of
Iia Day be withdrawn tnmi the filet o! the and le-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and 1'o^t I!oa<K.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
memorial of citizens of Philadelphia against the
removal of the United States Mint from that city,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on the Judicia-
ry, to which was referred a resolution of the Sen-
ate, directing th.it committee to inquire whether,
consistently with the Constitution, provision can
be made for referring causes instituted uccor-dmg
to the course of the common-law to leferees, ami
whether such provisions, if they could be consti-
tutionally made, would be expedient, have directed
me to make a report; which i ask maybe punted.
The report is adverse to the power.
It w;is so ordered.
Mi. IIAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
I merce, to winch was referied the petition of Fran- j
I cis Barnes, praying compensation for sei vices as 1
inspector in the custom-house at New Orleans, |
| submitted an adverse report theieon; winch was
' ordered to he printed.
j Mr. JiUTLKR, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
' dicmry, t«  winch was referred the memorial of
' Benjamin S. Roberts, praying compensation for
^ losses incurred during the Mexican war, asked to
! be discharged from its further consideration, and
! that it be referred to the Committee on Military
: Affairs; which was agreed to.
1 lie also, from the same committee, to which was
| referred the bill explanatory of an act for the re-
1 hef of Benjamin S. Robetts, a&ked to h* dis-
, charged fiom its further consideration, the matters
m regard to it having been under the consideration
'of a "former committee, and the principle disal-
!' lowed.
i He also, from the same committee, to which
1 was referred the petition of John G. Camp, pray-
ui°" the settlement of his accounts as marshal of
i' the middle district of Florida, submitted a report,
i'. accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
!' He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memonal of Samuel A. Hemp-
[ stead, praying compensation for services as dis-
1 triot attorney m defending claims to lands in Ar-
kansas, submitted a ieport, accompanied by a bill
I! for his relief, which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
punted.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James Chapman, ad-
ministrator of Thomas Chapman, to nave paid
over to him one fourth part of the proceeds of
the cargo of the brig Diana, condemned as vio-
lating the revenue laws, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late Thomas Chapman, for-
merly collector of the port of Georgetown, South
Carolina; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was refeired the documents in
support of the claim of Richard Fitzpatrick for
compensation for losses sustained in consequence
of the occupation of his land as a military station,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
reiief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Don B. Juan Dom-
ercq, a Spanish subject, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from theCommittee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the petition of James
W. Low, reported a bill for the compensation of
James W. Low and others, for the capture of the
British private-armed schooner Ann, during the
late war with Great Britain; winch was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Purser T. P. McBIair,
reported a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. /
RAILROADS AND NORMAL SCHOOL. *
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, in pursuance
of notice given some days since, I now ask leave
to introduce a bill granting lands to the State of
Pennsylvania, in aid of the construction of the
Sunbuiyand Erie Railroad, and to establish and
endow a normal school for the gratuitous enduca-
tion of female teachers, and for other purposes.
As the grant asked for in it is somewhat different,
or for objects differing from those hitherto made,
1 beg leave to occupy the attention of the Senate
for five minutes in explanation of the provisions
of the bill, and in giving some brief reasons for
presenting it.
Leave was panted to introduce the bill.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Piesident, in intioduung
this bill to the Senate, I desire to make a few re-
marks explanatory of its object.*.
This bill grants to the State of Pennsylvania
two millions three hundred and eighty thousand
: six hundred and eleven acres of the public lands
of the United States, one half of which is to be
, appropriated to aid in the construction of the Sun-
I bury and Eue Railroad, a work designed to con-
i nect the Atlantic ocean with the western lakes, by
1 a route shorter by neaily one hundred miles, and
i with lightei grades, than any other road hitherto
| constructed between the waters of the lakes and
! those of the ocean. This rood is of as much na-
tional importance as any other to which the Gov-
1 eminent has ever lent its aid—connecting, as 1
! have already stated, Philadelphia with Erie, and
; the Atlantic with the lakes. The national charac-
. ter of this work has been repeatedly recognized
, by officers connected with the Topographical Bu-
i reau. Colonel Abert, in his lepoit to the Secre-
' tarv of War, on the Gth of November, J845j says:
" This railroad will furnish a communication be-
i tween Erie and Philadelphia, and cannot or itself
fail to give tn the harbor of Erie considerations
of great national impoitance."
\\ The bill next provides, that so much of the re-
i! mauling half of the lands granted to the State of
I. Pennsylvania as shall be necessary for the pur-
!l pose, shall be appropriated by the Legislature of
" the State in establishing and endowing a normal
I school, at some suitable place, mr the gmtmtous
I! education of female teachers; and the residue, jf
i any, to be applied in aid of such works of internal
! i improvement as the Legislature may think proper
II Whatever may have been formerly thought of
< erantin" i0 a,d the uon.stn,('t">n <>f woiks
of internal improvement within the States, the
'j policy of such plants has been 1ec.ogn12-.etl by
II years of practice, and the appropriation of many
