1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
keep these lands, now perfectly worthless, unoc-
cupied, thus preventing their being taken up—
thus retarding the settlement of the country for
forty or fifty years, for the sake of getting at last
$1 25 an acre for them ?
Mr. DISNEY. One word in reference to the
bill for which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bisseil] says I voted. I have just looked at it.
That bill was in relation to a different principle,
as I find, entirely different from any here involved.
It was in relation to the recognition of a presump-
tive right. That I probably did vote for. But I
will not discuss that now, sir. It is a perfect
fallacy for the gentleman from Illinois, and others
who have discussed this subject, to suppose ihat'
they can increase the permanent demand of the
public for these lands by any legislation upon the
part of Congress. You cannot increase that de-
mand ad libitum. You may, from^time to time,
produce a fever in the market which will, for a
time, cause an unnatural demand for land; but if
you will take a series of years, you will find that
the demand for the public domain for the purpose
of cultivation is regulated by your population, and
the wants of that population. And if those lands,
which the gentleman says have been unsold, were
Bold, other lands in the newer States of the Union
would have remained unsold. It was a question
with the purchasers whether they should select
the lands there or the lands at some other place;
and although you may stimulate the demand by
the reduction of the price, yet, I repeat that, taking
a series of years, whether you put up or put down
the price of the public domain, the demand for it
will remain the same, other circumstances remain-
ing the same And, sir, it is a neglect in attending
to this fundamental and important principle which
leads these gentlemen into the error which they
evince in regard to this subject.
' I said, when 1 was up before, that the fact of
land having been offered for a long time for sale
without a purchaser, was no evidence of value.
Why, turn to the reports of the Commissioner ol
the General Land Office. In the last one which
he has submitted to Congress, you find that in
the State of Illinois,ihe very State represented by
my friend here, returns of land sold not only for
$1 25 per acre, but above that price, up to $2 50
per acre—land which had been in market without
finding a purchaser for thirteen years; in other
cases for nine years; some nineteen years; some
twenty-eight years; and others as high as thirty-
four years. They had been in market without
finding a purchaser at $1 25 per acre; yet m less
than twelve months they were sold at $2 50 per
acre
The defeat of this bill is not alone, however, in
the error of the principle of which I have spoken.
It is objectionable in various other respects. Why,
think of the immense amount of iabor, if at all
practicable, which would be required to classify
aii these lands throughout the entire publicdomain
of this great Republic. Many of these lands, and
part of tracts, have been offered for sale at differ-
ent periods. One part of a tract was offered in
market at one period, and another part at another
period; and how are you to classify them ? At the
Land Office they tell me that the work would be
interminable, if not impossible.
Mr. COBB. There is amap there showingthe
precise time all lands were put into market.
Mr. DISNEY. I have just said that parts of
a tract have been offered for sale at one point of
time, and other parts at other points; and how
unpracticable will be the classification. I have a
letter from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, which I will send to the Clerk's desk that it
may be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's timehas
expired.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunham's
amendmenttotheamendment;and it was rejected.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to strike out the
words " twelve and a half cents per acre,' and
inserr in lieu thereof" six and a quarter cents per
acre." [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman must apply to the amendment now
pending.
Mr. PHILLIPS. What is the amendment
pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out " one
dollar" and to insert " eight cents."
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, I move, ■pro forma, to
strike out "eight"and insert "fifty."
Mr. Chairman, the situation of the new States
m reference to their public lands is well known.
The Government of the United States is the largest
landed proprietor within their borders. Those
lands are reserved from taxation. They are held
by the Government under a species of mortmain,
or dead hand, and it is literally a "dead hand"
placed on the energies of the people of the States
in which those lands lie. Sir, in England, from
which we derive our laws and even our prejudices,
there is a hostility against corporations holding
lands to an unlimited extent; and the new States
of this Union are subject to the operation of pre-
cisely similar laws; for this'great political corpo-
ration of the United States holds in mortmain a
large portion of the lands in those States of this
Confederacy known as the land States. Why,
you cannot get the Legislature of one of those
States to pass an act chartering a corporation in
which one of the first provisions is not that such
corporation shall not hold more than a certain
quantity of land. This is because it is well known
that the fact of the ownership of such lands within
the country is a disaster to the people of the States
in which those lands lie.
Now, I say that this Government owes it to the
States in which these lands lie to deal with them
in a fair, a just, nay, more, sir, in a liberal spirit.
It never was intended that the Federal Govern-
ment should become the perpetual owner, or the
ownerfor centuries,of lands lying within the limits
and jurisdiction of the sovereign States of the
Union.
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] says
that if you will keep these lands long enough they
will some day become of value. He refers to doc-
uments to show that lands which were offered for
sale thirty years ago, and could not be sold, can
be sold at the present day, in consequence of the
improvements which are now projected through
the country;and he tells us that if the Government
will hold on, with thegrasping spirit of the miser,
to these lands which have been offered for sale for
thirty year?, and have not yet been improved, in
thirty, or sixty, or ninety, or one hundred and
twentv years hence, they will become valuable, in
consequence of improvements then projected. Sir,
is this the manner in which the Government is to
deal with the States in which these lands lie? Is
the Government to keep the lands perpetually
bound up in the hope that some thirty, sixty, or
ninety years hence there will be some improve-
ments running through that waste country which
will then give value to the lands? No, sir; I say
that it is the duty of this Government to act in a
different spirit. If the lands within those States
have been offered for sale for thirty years, and
there has been no offer to purchase them, it is the
best evidence that those lands are not worth the
price asked for them. Apply to your public lands
precisely the same principle that you would apply
to the sale of any other commodity in the mar-
ket 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DISNEY. I must express my surprise
that a gentleman of the ability of the honorable
gentleman from Alabama should get up here and
present such arguments as those which he has
just presented. He contends that the fact of the
land having been offered for sale for a long period
of time, and having no purchaser, is an evidence
ofitswantof value. Now, that would be true
if the purchaser had no choice, but was compelled
to take that land or none. But I put it to the gen-
tleman whether it is at all conclusive on that
point, when the purchaser has the option of either
buying that land at that price, or going to a dif-
ferent part of the country, and selecting other
lands at the same price.
Mr. PHILLIPS, (interrupting.) I would ask
the gentleman from Ohio if he had goods to dis-
pose of, calicoes for instance—and should expose
them for sale thirty years, at a dollar a yard,
without receiving anything for them—would it
not be good evidence that the Calicoes were not
worth the price asked ?
Mr. DISNEY. I will repeat that the argument
offered by the gentleman from Alabama would be
true, if there were no choice to be made and pur-
chases could not be effected elsewhere. It might
be fair to infer from the fact that the unsold lands
were not worth as much as some other lands of
the Government, but certainly it -is no evidence
(hat the unsold land is not worth $ 1 25 per acre.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, here interrupted,
occupying the remainder of the five minutes of "
Mr. Disney by expressing his dissent from the
views of that gentleman, and advocating the prin-
ciples of the bill. or
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. COBB. I will move, with the assent of
the Committee on Public Lands, an amendment
Which will answer some of the objections urged
by my honorable colleague, [Mr. Philups.] It
is to strike out the words'?' one dollar," and in-
sert in lieu thereof, " sixty-two and a half cents."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] in his proposition, moves to strike out
the entire section of this bill. The purpose of that
proposition is to defeat the objects contemplated
bythebiil. Ifl did not know the gentleman from
Ohio as well as I do—if I had not so long observed
his course in the Committee on Public Lands—I
might have mistrusted the particular object that he
has in view. But, sir, when I look at the history
of the country, and find that measures were intro-
duced here—coming from the State of Ohio—at
the last session of Congress, proposing to give to
that State all the public land within her jurisdic-
tion, and when I recollect the movements that have
taken place in this House at the present session,
proposing to give to the State of Ohio all the lands
within her jurisdiction—when I look at all this, I
say, I would—did I not know the gentleman as
well as I do—attribute his opposition to this
measure to the ground that he expects his State to
get all the public land within her limits without
having to pay anything at all for it.
Sir, when you reduce the price of the public
lands in accordance with the provisions of this
bill, you bring the lands of the State of Ohio into «
market, and into speedy market; and in a very
few years—even probably before that policy can
prevail to any great extent—you get the money
out of the State of Ohio for the lands within her
jurisdiction at the graduated price.
What does the gentleman frona Ohio propose
by defeating this measure? He proposes, Mr.
Chairman, to do this—or at least the practical
effect of its defeat will be—to keep the public lands
at $1 25 per acre, and thereby to keep them in the
same condition of wildness and unprofitableness
in which they have been from the organization of
the land system of the country to the present time.
Yes, sir, that is it. Why, there is nothing but
pine deserts and mountains now vacant, in my
country. My father emigrated to it, and I was
raised almost in the midst of these lands Since
the good lands of that country have been taken up,
what has been the result? Why, the poor man
goes and locates a quarter section, or forty acres
of land there, which is admitted not to have been
worth $ 1 25 per acre, the best of it, from the very
fact that it has been in the market for thirty years
—he goes there, I say; he settles on the land; he
builds a house, and clears ten or fifteen acres of
land; and then, sir, one of the Shylocks, whom
the gentleman from Ohio would protect, buys up
the tract at $1 25 per acre, comes and turns this
man out of his house and home because he is not
able to pay $1 25 per acre for the whole tract.
What do these Shylocks pay that price for ? Is it
for the original intrinsic value of the land? Mo,
sir; it is for the labor which the poor man has
expended upon it; and that is the very policy which
the defeat of this bill will perpetuate.
I did not purpose to-day to allude to this matter;
but I was led into these remarks. I would rather
lose my eye than neglect to utter the sentiments
i which 1 feel in regard to the protection of the citi-
I zen and of the man who contributes all his might
! to raise his house, and clear and cultivate his farm
j for the support of his family. I will state before
! the discussion closes, the effect of this state of
! facts. I will point you to the district of country
| lying within the State of Mississippi, and I will
| also call upon the gentleman from Mississippi to
I testify,in relation to the lands which were reserved
by the Chickasaw Indians, when they ceded that
part of the country to the United States. The
provisions of the cession required the lands to be
sokl at graduated prices. What has been the re-
sult of this wise provision? Why, the lands in
that region of country have been—almost every
acre—taken up.
