1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vim
of a collector for the said district, to reside at Dun-
kirk during his continuance in office, together with
such subordinate officers of the customs as are
provided by law, their compensation to be fixed by
the Secretary 0/ the Treasury,-not to exceed
$1,000 per annum. Provided,that in case no classi-
fication of collectors of customs shall be made,
the compensation of the said collector shall be
$500 per annum, together with such fees and
emoluments as are authorized by law.
The third section makes provision for the ap-
pointment and compensation of deputy collectors.
Mr. FENTON. I move the previous question
upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. McMCJLLIN. I desire to know whether
this is reported by a committee ?
Mr. FENTON. It is recommended by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McMULLlN. I should like the report
read.
Mr. FENTON. There is no written report in
the case; but if the committee desire it, I wiil
make a short statement.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman cannot make
his statement while the demand for the previous
question is pending.
Mr. FENTON. [ withdraw the demand for
the previous question, for the purpose of saying a
word. The bill reported has the unanimous con-
currence of the Committee on Commerce; it has
the approval and recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and is not, I understand, objec-
tionable to the honorable Representative from the
Buffalo district, from which this is taken.
There can be no doubt of the propriety, import-
ance, and even necessity, of the creation of this
district, &c.  in conformity to this bill.
Its important commercial relations, accelerated
by the termination of the New York and Erie
railroad at Dunkirk, its increased and increasing
navigation interests, and its proximity to the
Welland canal, sharing largely, it must be pre-
sumed, in the foreign commerce fiom that source,
and now greatly enhanced by the negotiation of
the reciprocity treaty: from these considerations
I may urge, without impropriety, your speedy
action in this case, and will be excused for asking
your favorable consideration at this moment.
1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Commerce was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engiossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FENTON moved the following amend-
ment to the title, and it was agreed to:
Add those words:
And the port^ of Barcelona, Silver Creek, and Cattarau-
gus Creek, ports of delivery.
Mr. FENTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and that that motion
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL ARMORIES.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Re^olvpd, That the select committee, to whom was re-
ferred the consideration of the change in the superinTendeney
of the national armories- be authorized to vhit Springfield,
in iM.i^aehusotts. and Harper's Ferry, in Viigtma, during
the recess of Congress, for the purpose of making such
further examination into the subject matter of their in-
quiries, as may enable them to fumtfh Congress with the
fuller possible information before their final action in the
premises."
Mr. WALSH. I object. We have had a se-
lect committee on mail steamship contracts in ses
sion for five months, without examining a single
■witness, and which now comes in with a white-
washed report. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKINSON. [ move that the rules of
the House be suspended for the purpose I have
indicated; and on that motion demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Churchwell
and Kerr were appointed.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended; the tellers having reported—ayes 38,
noes not counted.
LOUTSTANA LAND BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Senate bill No. 8,
entitled u An act makinggrant of lands to theState
of Louisiana, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said State," was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, but that committee has
not yet had an opportunity to report it back to the
House. I now move that that committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. JONES. "I move a suspension of the rules
for the purpose I have indicated, and upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the rule's
were not suspended.
ARMY APPROPRIATION HILL?,
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state^of the
Union; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abercrombie, David J. Bailey, Thomas
H. Bayly, Belcher, Bliss, Bo\ce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Bugg, Carpenter, Chandler, Chastain, Cfmgm m, Cohb,
Colquitt, Cox, Craiee, Crocker, Dent, Dov\dell, Eddy, Edg-
ertmi, EdiTKimN, Edmundson, Ellison, Everhart, Farley,
Faulkner, Flagler, Franklin, Goode, Green, Greenwood,
Grow, Sampson VV. iiarn^, Ha-tings, Haven, Hihbiird,
Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Hughes, Daniel T. Jones, Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kutredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lind-
ley, LimNley, Mctcdomthl, McMullut, McQueen, Mace,
Mainioe, Maxwell, Mavall, Middle-Avarth, luhn CI. Miller,
Million, Morrison, Munay, Nichols, Old-, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, John Parkin*, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Prait, Reese,
David Riteluc, Rutiin, Russell, Seward. Simmons, Wil
ham iSimth, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Solleis,
Richard H. Stanton, Stratum, John J. Taylor, John L.
Tayloi, Thurston, Trout, Walley, W.ilhh, VVellb, Daniel
B. Wnghtand UendriekB. IVrighi—9H.
NAYS — Messrs. Bali, Ben-on, Benton, Churchwell,
Cook,Corwm,Curtis, John G. Davis,Thomas Davj«, Dick,
Dickinson, DiMley, Eastman, Thomas J). Eliot, English,
Floience, Aaron Hailan, Harrison, Uenn, Hunt, Johnson,
Kerr, Knox, Latham, Lilly, McCulloch, McDougall, Mc-
Nair, Maey, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Parker, Peckhani,
Pennington, Puryear, Ready, Rogers, Rowe, Sabin, Sapp,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Andrew Stuait, David Stuart, Nathaniel G.Tay-
lor, Upliam, Vail, Wade, W«ilbudge, Elhhu B. Washhurne,
John Wentwoith, Tapnan Wermvorth, Westbrook, Wheel-
er, VVute, Yates, and Zolhcotfer—62.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill (No. 95) " making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30ch
June,1855 "
The pending question being on an amendment
offered by Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, to insert
after the words " for the manufacture of arms at
the national armories, $250,000," the following:
Provided, That so much of all laws heretofore passed,
which authorize the appointment of military officers to
supeuntend operations at the national armories, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed, and from and after the pas-
sage of this act, it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-ent of the
Senate, to appoint a competent anil well qualified civilian
uk superintendent at each of  aid armories.
Mr. KE.ITT, who was entitled to the floor,
yielded it to
Mr. VANSANT, who addressed the commit-
tee for an hour in opposition to the military su-
perintendence of national armories, and in favor
of Mr. Stanton's amendment. His remarks are
withheld for revision, and will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. KEITT then took the floor and addressed
the committee in reply to Messrs. Stanton and
Vansant, and in favor of the military superin-
tendence. [See Appendix for his speech.]
Mr. BANKS obtained the iioor, but yielded it
to
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. Mr. Chairman,
I beg leave to offer a very few remarks on this
question. It strikes me that in our Government
our great aim should be in all cases to keep the
military and civil power as distinct as possible.
They are antagonistic, however much we may
attempt to disguise the fact. Military power is
despotic and does everything by authority of com-
mand, and without reason. Civil power distrib-
utes itself; it leaves to every man his right to
judge, and think, and speak, and act. And for
this they should be kept as distinct and as separate
as may be. And in the case before us, it seems
to me that the change from the civil to the exist-
ing military superintendeney was a wrong done
to the entire mechanical interest of the country—
a wrong perpetrated on its integrity and capacity,
and should not be made without the most careful,
deliberate,and thorough investigation. The change
appears to have been made at the suggestion of
military men who had an interest, and who accom-
plished it through the agency of the Secretary
of War, without ever proceeding to an investiga-
tion of the matter, and without ever making any
charges which would sustain them in making suph
change. That was the way the work was accom-
plished. This House refused several times after
! the matter was brought before them, to concur in
j the change, and it was only by the artftil manage-
| ment of the gentlemen who annexed an amend-
| ment to the army bill, that it was finally accom-
! plished. It never had the hearty concurrence of
I this House to carry it into effect, if I understand
! the matter. For that reason, it seems to me that
j we ought to consider this subject fully now, and
I see if there was any good reason for making a
! change of this kind, which will prove so degrading
! to the great mechanical interests of the country,
i Mr. McNAlR. i rise to a question of order,
j I ask the Chair whether the gentleman from Mas-
j sachusetts [Mr. Banks] has a right to yield the
floor to the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Davis] to make a speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yielded the floor entirely to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, and has puthimself upon
' an equality with other gentlemen.
Mr. DAVIS, (resuming.) The great interest
I of this country, next to the agricultural interest,
i is the mechanical interest. Before that interest
| the military interest of this country is as "nothing.
| The one is only partial, and to be used at specific
! times, as little as possible ; for we should aim to
\ prevent, as far as we can, the need of military
power. They furnish the means, give the very
• ability to carry into effect the military power of
the country, and, consequently, itshould be made
subservient to the civil power in all cases, except
when it is called into the field in actual service.
The agricultural and mechanical power* is crea-
tive, while the military is destructive; and in that
i sense one is antagonistic and inferior to the other,
! inasmuch as it is nobler to create than to destroy.
But to come to the details of this matter. It is
I said that these shops produce arms under the mil-
] itury rule cheaper than under the civil rule. If I
I read the report of the gentleman from Kentucky
1 [Mr. SxANTON]jaright, this is not the fact. If it
j was so, any gentleman acquainted with the pro-
; gress of mechanical arts for the last ten years,
; would have no difficulty in making out a case
! that they ought to manufacture them cheaper.
: The progress in the mechanical arts for the last
' ten or twelve years, during the military rule, has
: been wonderful in its results. There is ten-fold
! more produced by the same amount in some kinds
of mechanical labor than there was ten or fifteen
years ago, and these armories ought to produce
arms cheaper now. But it does not appear that
i they have produced them cheaper, or as cheap,
! as when the armories were under the civil rule.
; You may rely upon it, that military rulers are in-
' capable of going into, or the understanding, details
i of mechanics.
: No man can doubt that who is acquainted with
1 mechanics, and acquainted with the way in which
I these military matters are carried on. Military
i men never have to count the cost. They are
j, simply employed as agents to do a certain thing,
1: while a civilian or mechanic has to begin at the
!: beginning;, and see whether he can make both ends
| meet. One is generally the agent of the Govern-
I ment, and the other, before he becomes the agent
of the Government, has had to go step by step in
!' his own career, and ascertain what hecan do with
a limited amount of money, and what results he
' can accomplish. In this you will always find the
I unfitness of military men for accomplishing any-
j thing economically. It is in the very nature of their
| education that it should be so; and it is in the
i nature of the education of men brought up to
business that they should connect means and
ends together, and in this respect it seems to me
that there is an entire unfitness in appointing
military men to superintend civil business.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] has read us a report in justification of the
removal of the civil superintendents, which was
