17.64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
jnade immediately after the removals were made.
These charges were made against the superin-
tendent of these works, and that report was got
up to justify the removal. But they should have
been made beforehand, if there was anything'in
the facts to justify that act. I do not doubt that,
like e/ery other institution of this Government,
that that one has been made to some extent, a
political engine. It has been regulated by the
Government, it is, I regret to say, a part of the
system that every man who has a place from this
Government shail be, to some extent, a political
man. But I do not understand thatmere military
rule relieves us from that, i do not understand
that a President, or 8ny other executive officer,
cannot as well direct politically through military
men as through civilians. And so far as that
charge is concerned, it may well be said to fall to
the ground.
But the main objection, the deep objection,in my
own mind,to the military system, is this: that the
rule of military men is incompatible with the free-
dom which belongs to the civilian. And it is an
insult to place over the mechanics of this country
a mere military man. I should feel it an indig-
nity, were [ a workman in that shop, to have a
military man come to me in the spirit m which
military rule must always be carried on, and tell
me to do this and to do that. The civilian or
mechanic is the entire and perfect equal of the
military man, and often his superior in useful cul-
tivation.
Mr. KEITT. May I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island one question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr KEITI1. I ask the gentleman whether he
would feel degraded, if he were a military man, to
be placed under an officer?
Mr. DAVIS. I can speak for myself. I never
should be a military man if f could avoid it. I do
not, for myself, believe in the military rule. 1 leave
those who choose that kind of rule there to exercise
it, without any kind of reason, or to submit to its
exercise by supei tors in rank. But I should feel
degraded as a civilian, and 1 do fee! the degrada-
tion of a poition of the constituency which I re-
present, if, in the progress of the business of other
workshops of the nation, thereshouid be military
men appointed to rule over them. 1 think civil-
ians better qualified to engage in all the business
connected with workshops than any military man
can be, unless he begins at the beginning.
Mr. KEITT. 1 would ask another question
of the gentleman from Rhode Island, if he will
permit me.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. KEITT. The question 1 ask is, whether
the rules of the national armories are not precisely
the same under the two systems; and whether,
under the military superintendence, the mechanics
are not subjected to the same body of rules as
they were under the civil superintendence?
Mr. DAVIS. I s-iy they have changed even
that matter. The officers were changed as soon
as the military men were placed there.
Mr. KEUTr. I was speaking of the system
of rules.
Mr. DAVIS. Thesy3tem of rules were changed.
As t-oon as the mdiiary officers got possession of
those shopp, there was a change made, and men
were placed directly under the rules of military
superintendents, instead of men who were an-
swerable to the President for the exercise of their
power.
Mr. KEITT. The rules were in force in one
case, and they were not m the other.
Mr. DAVIS. I pay the result o£tbis whole mat-
ter lies in this: You had for ueaily half a century
these establishments cairied on by civilians, and
theie is no evidence before this committee that the
general result of that superintendence was not ms
satisfactory as that which has taken place for the
last twelve years; nor that, the arms were not
manufactured as cheaply. And, [ask, why was
it changed without solid and substantial reasons:
Why was the military rule introduced ? The Sec-
retary who made the change gave, as one reason,
that he ha* nothing for those officers to do. I pray
they should not be placed over the mechanical in-
terests of the c.ouuti y, because those interest are
paramount to the miliary; and, as a civihan, S
protest against this rule of military men, except
in their own exact position and sphere, whatever
that may be, and I pray it may be as limited as
possible,Jjelieving, as I do, that a great military
power in this Republic tends towards its destruc-
tion, is incompatible with republican freedom, and
republican right tospeak, think, and actforthem-
selves.
I say again, there has been no substantial rea-
son given in this leportwhy the change should
have been made, i hope this House will take
measures to have these civilians restored, and the
military men left to their own proper sphere. The
work was well and economically perlormed when
they had charge of the works. The arms were as
good as the improvements of those times would
admit, and undoubtedly we shall have better arms
twelve years hence than we have now.
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) I wish to say
one single word here. The gentleman fiom South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] read from the report of Mr.
Goggins, of Virginia, in reference to the perfection
to which the military commandants had brought
these arms.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman is mistaken, for
I read nothing from his repot t.
Mr. STANTON". It is quite immaterial from
what he read. He read something m reference to
the subject. Now, I wish to shovv to the com-
mittee, that as late as 1839, two years before the
military change was made, the same perfection
had been attained by the civilians, and the fact is
reported to this House, under the sanction of the
committee which had investigated the subject.
Mr. William C. Johnson, in 1839, from a com-
mittee to whom was referred the subject of estab-
lishing a national foundery for cannon, made a
report, in which he uses this language:
<{ The system of machinery >■* reduced lo such perfection
that every pint of a musket and rifle is made with >ueh nice
preci.-ion and accuracy that evt-ry >cnw orspimjr madeior
a ytven part or pin po e will lit every inu-kct or rifle iii.it is=
madn m each oi the public facieites Take any pari of a
mu-ket made in the factory, ,m/i n tvilf he, pre
cisely, in every par in ula,, like iho-c pari Minnie at Haipej's
Ferry. AI! tin* pait^ot uvo njtj-kei- may he taken a.-uixiet,
ilnmah one he made at llarpci'n Keiry and the onier at
SpnimfiehK and thrown into an indu-crncm lie m is-', and
Ihere may be taken iroin (he heap Wended, at random,
the component paiK of a musket, and Uicm; put together;
and the mu-ket tlm- foimed will he as perfect .is precision
can be, although hall the musket t>e made at one lactory
and the oihet haft attheothor. The chief ot tlx; ordnance
d';p:utuient has frerjuently inert the evpeument with sue
cess. Hence a musket or pistol made, in the public lactones
of the United States w almost mde&nucuble ; tor, Iroui the
l?n:rn ent!} ot arms on a battle-field, .i um-kei can readily be
put together as perleet as when first made
That was a report made by a committee to this
House, and such is- the conclusion to which they
arrived.
Here, too, is the testimony of Captain Manadier,
oneof theOidnance Corns, and I believe at present
the chief of that corps. On pi ge 61 wifl be seen
what he says about the compilative quality of
muskets:
" Judtninj fmm the infection report* received from the
urmoiie«? and from the ^ttisHetion winch tin; nuns have
qiven to tho-ce who have u-ed them, there i-. no reason to
believe ih.it there were ever any arms of bad quality under
eithei s)-*tem."
This is the testimony of an ordnance officer;
and how con it be said, in ths face of this testimony,
that the military superintendents have biought
about these improvements, when it is shown that
they were brought about in 1-^39, two years before
the military men came into the super auendency
of these establishments ?
Mr. DAVIS, 'the gentleman has touched the
very point I wanted to come at—and it is a very
important one—ihat the machinery by which this
perfection or' manufao'uie was accompli-shed was
in use two yems before Una military system was
introduced. Now, if you will examine into the
facts, yoa will see that that result was brought
about by the civil snperiiitendency, and not by the
military system. Now, sir, the q^estien for us
to decide is, is there such substantia! leason in
favorof the civil superintendency as to justify the
change? And how can we better decide that ques-
tion than by relying upon the report of the com-
mission appointed hy she President to in\esu-
gate the subject? i have examined the report to
some extern, and it seems to me their investiga-
tion was thorough and i^mpiete; and made, as it
was, by sivh men as Chancellor WaUvorth, Gov-
ernor Steele, anu iMr. Stevenson, of Virginia, it
seems to ms that you have all the testimony that
you require, h seems to me that you are just as
well prepared to act as you would be by repeating
that testimony.
I say, therefore, that the-object of this delay is
not to obtain new light, but to retain these men a
little longer in their places, which they have not
obtained by fair, open, and frank means, but in'o
which they have obtruded themselves without
warrant.
Mr. Chairman, T ask that you shall preserve
the military and civil.powers of the Government
separate and distinct, if this belongs to the civil
department of the Government, let it go there.
Give to the civil power what belongs to it, and to
the military power what belongs to it.
Mr. SKELTON. I propose to offer a substi-
tute for the amendment now pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
Jersey will allow me, 1 will move that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of goin^; into the
House, and fixing some time for closing this de-
bate.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 will say to the gentleman
that i shall occupy but a very few minutes with
the remarks ( shall make.
Mr, PECKHAM. I hope the debate will be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not propose to inter-
fere with the time of the gentleman from New
Jersey, but to fix some time.
Mr. SKELTON. I will yield, if the gentleman
desires it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, then, that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr, SKELTON. Mr. Chairman, in place of
the provi-Mons in the bill on this subject, which
read as follows:
" For the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
$2511,t'00.
•' For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Feiry, $39/^)0,"
I move to substitute these words:
That the manufacture of anus at Harper's Ferry and
Spi myfield be discontinued, a d thai the Secretary of War
tie autlionz'd to make contracts lor the manulm lure and
f-upplv ot all arm-: which may be necessary to -iipplj- the
Army and Navy; and that the bum of .^00,000 be appro-
priated tor that object.
I offer that as an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. Chairman, i have listened with uninter-
rupted attention to the remaiks which have been
submitted to the committee, and am now of the
opinion that both sides have each made out Us
own case. The objection to civil superintendency
is, that under it the office of superintendent is a
sinecure for political hanger s-on; that the system
is subject to gieat abuse, and is liable to all party
fluctuations. On the other hand, the objection to
military superintendency ts, that it is one of tyran-
ny and oppression, and not calculated for the gov-
ernment oMhe mechanics employed by the Gov-
ernment. We submit with great reluctance, m this
counti y, to military dictation. There is no reason
why a military man should be put to superintend
either of these armories, other than thfe one stated
by the opponents of the proposed change, which
is, that by so doing the office of supeuntendent
is withdrawn from the political arena, and sub-
jected to party changes. These military superin-
tendents, it is very evident* know nothing about
the manufacture of arms, and have to employ
actual mechanics to superintend the woik.
Now, the amendment which 1 have offered is
one which, j,n my judgment, ought to be adopted.
1 deem it sound policy for this Government to
abstain from engaging in any of the industrial
pursuits of the country. It should not manufac-
ture any of the articles which can easily be ob-
tained from the manufactories of the country. At
the establishment of these institutions there may
have been, or there was, a necessity for the Gov-
ernment to manufacture its own arms; but that
necessity no longer exists. There are manufac-
tories of arms all ovei the country. They are to
be found in all the principal cities, and they man-
ufacture arms equal to any turned out from the
national armories. Tndeed, sir, I understand that
the manufacture of arms cost more in the national
armories than in the private manufactories. From
the latter they con be furnished cheaper by con-
tract than %>rn the former. We have evidence
before us, snowing that we can obtain arms equal
m quality, if not superior to those made at the
national armories by contract; and if that be true,
besides the fact of their being purchased cheaper
than they are made at the armories, 1 would ^sk
