906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. DISNEY. I now ask that the letter, which
I before sent to the Chair, may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
T,anb Office, March 29,1^54.
Sir: In accordance with your request, I have, the honor
to inclose you a statement exhibiting the quantity oi public
landMii market ami un ohl on me 30th June, ib-itf, in tiie
several land districts therein mentioned, the aggregate value
01 those hinds, as assessed or estimated by the land officers,
Ihe quantity of those lands sold between the 30th June, 1628,
and ibe 30th September, 1840, with the amount received
for them.
I would have been much pleased to bring this statement
up to (tale, but the pressure of busmevs is such that 1 find
it wholly impossible to do so, in view of the great amount
of labor involved in it.
This statement, embracing a period including the most
jnosperous, as well as the most adverse years for ihe land
system, is probably as fair as any that could be prepated.
At includes districts in nine of the land States, and therefore
the results are not traceable to any local causes.
To attempt to establish this system will involve immense
labor, as it will requite an entire classification of all the
punhc lands of the United States, and in many cases, parts
<>t the f^ame section even have been offered at different and
remote periods.
The minimum pi ice of the public lands, $1 25 per acre,
is merely nominal. Analyse it as you will, it will bo per-
ceived that a very slight amount of industry will pay lor it.
II it be only pine land, an houi's work each day, alter the
labor ot the farm is over, will enable him to make shingles,
stave*, hoop , or lumber, in a shoittime, sufficient to
pay for it. And if it be prairie, the crop of a single season
will support ins lamily and pay lor his land, if, however,
it it thought one season is too short, extend the period to
two, three, four, or fiveyears, in which preemptors can pay
for their lands.
The only plan yet presented for fiving the giaduated
prices, i?> the length of lime the lands have been in market;
ami the results in the Ohickasawcession have been referred
to as evincing the efficient working of the system.
In that eesMon there was comparatively little land, and
it was in the midst of a densely populated community.
The surrounding lands were kept up to the minimum of
$1 25 per acre, and, of course, the readier sale of those at
a less price. They were olfered in small parcels, ns wanted,
and in that way the best lands were firat taken, then the next,
•&c.; and there would seem to be more reason for reducing
the puc< of the less valuable or refuse land.
But the graduating principle, it applied to the whole of
the public domain, would not resemble this in a single fea-
ture.
For many years about ten millions of acres have been
surveyed and brought into market eacli year, and that, too,
vuth a lull knowledge that from one to three nullum* would
supply the entire demand. Thus about four fifths of the
land each year was left unpurchased ; and it would be ab-
surd to suppose that there was not much, very much, as
good land remaining as any that had been sold. Moreover,
the lapse of tune, that is supposed to depose of all the good
land, enhances the value of the poorer lands. As the set-
tlements extend and become dense, rocky lands, wholly
worthless? tor cultivation, become valuable for building ma-
terials. So aloo of ^audy, gravelly, and poor pine lands.
Suppose an acre of pine lands would giovv three hundred
trees, allowing considerably more than ten feet square for
each tree, and that each tree would yield an average of
thtee hundred feet of one inch plank, it would amount to
ninety thousand feet of lumber. This divided into #1 25
per acre, would make the cost to the settler but hule over
the one humhedth part of a mill per foot, a mere nominal
price, while the lumbei would yield a handsome profit, and
the seiub lamN would be ^valuable for hoop poles, if tor
nothing else.
Hut if the graduating sjhtem be introduced, the first
settler* will have to pav full price for their land**; while
those who come after them will get them at less price.
Th s, instead of promoting the settlement ot the lauds, will
have a tendency to retard them, a-j each year's delay would,
ibr xomo or other of them, reduce the price.
To you, sir, who arc so intimately acquainted with the
operation* ot the land sys-tem, the niclot-ed statement and
above suggestions will, 1 am sure, satisfy you of the fallacy
of the giariuating process.
With great re-pect, your obedientseivant,
JOHN WILSON, Commwtiriner.
Hon. D. P. Disney, Home oj Representatives.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. BOCOCK. Upon that question I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, a further count not being demanded.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Fuli.kr] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had,according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House 1
(No. 1) granting portions of the public lands to :
actual settlers thereon, and to reduce and graduate j
the price of the public lands, and had come to no j
lesulution thereon. j
ENROLLED BILLS. j
Mr, KERR obtained the floor. |
Mr. IIENN, from the Committee on Enrolled |
Bills, repotted as correctly enrolled, bills of the I
following titles, which were signed by the Speaker:
A bill for the relief of Mary Deany, widow of
the late Lieutenant James A. Deany, of the United
States Army;
A bill for the relief of William B. Edwards;
and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Isaac P, Simonton.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BISSELL. As it is not quite the usual
adjourning hour, I move that the House do now
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. KERR. I believe that I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina was recognized by the Chair, and he
yielded for the report of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
Mr. KERR. I merely rose for the purpose of
moving that the House adjourn. [Laughter.]
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that that body had
passed a certain bill, and asked the concurrence of
the House therein.]
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his motion to
adjourn, so that we may go to the business on the
Speaker's table, and refer the Senate bills lying
there to tlffe appropriate committee.
Mr. KERR, if there be a disposition to do
anything, 1 withdraw the motion to adjourn with
great pleasure.
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the House do now
proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker'.* table.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the standing
committees of the House be called on for reports.
What is the use of referring bills after bills to
committees when they have laige numbers of re-
ports ready to submit to the House without being
able to do so? Let us first get rid of what v>e
have before you give us others.
The SPEAKER. If the House decline to go
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table, it will be the duty of the Chair to call
on committees for reports.
The question was taken, and the House agreed
to go to the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a bill
from the Senate " to authorize the State of Wis-
consin to select the residue of land to which she
is entitled under the act of 8th August, 184(>,
for the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and, on motion by Mr. Phelps,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I suppose from the
decision of the Chair made yesterday, that the
bill granting **the States of Indiana and Illinois
a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Indiana and Illinois Central rail-
way would be the first business in order when we
proceeded to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that a
postponement of the consideration of the bill yes-
terday when it was up to a particular day, would
make it the first business in order when the House
next went to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table; but it was not postponed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it not true that
the House adjourned yesterday pending the mo-
tion to lay that bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is true that a motion was
made by some gentleman to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Indiana, however,
moved to postpone its consideration to a particu-
lar day. Some other gentleman then moved to
lay the bill on the table. The House then ad-
journed, leaving all these motions pending. It is,
nevertheless, the opinion of the Chair,"that the
adjournment of the House, without postponing
the consideration of the bill to a particular day,
requires it, according to a rule to which the Chair
can refer if it be' necessary, to take its place on
the Speaker's table in the fourth class. Tlie Chair
said yesterday, that if the House postponed the
consideration of the bill to a particular day, the
bill would, after that day arrived, be the first busi-
ness in order when the House proceeded to con-
sider the business on the Speaker's table. That
is what the Chair intended to say yesterday. But
the House did not make that order.
The gentleman from Indiana will recollect that
he asked the Chair what would be the condition
of the bill if its consideration were postponed to a
day certain? The Chair replied that when that
day should arrive, it would be the first business in
order when the House proceeded to t! e consider-
ation of the business on the Speaker* able.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make one other in-
quiry, and then I shall have done. Do I under-
stand the Speaker to state now that the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Public Lands
does not change its present condition?
. The SPEAK ER. That motion would rot change
the condition of a bill taken from the Speaker's
table, whatever effect it might have upon a bill re-
ported from a committee. The practice in regatd
to bills reported from committees has been uniform.
When a motion to commit is made, and left pend-
ing, itkeeps the bill as the first business in order in
the morning hour. But that has never been the
practice in regard to the disposition of bills on the
Speaker's table; nor is there any reason, under the
rules, for such apractice—forit is only a practice.
Mr. HUNT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Louisiana will withdraw that motion. We can
refer a number of bills in a very few moments.
Mr. HUNT. I have no objection; but I saw
there was a very evident indisposition to do busi-
ness.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, yes, we can refer bills.
Mr. HUNT. Well, I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
The following Senate bills were then taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time
by their respective titles, and severally referred as
indicated below:
An act to regulate the pay and increase the effi-
ciency of the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of James M. Goggin. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act supplementary to an act confirming
claims to land in the State of Missouri, and for
other purposes. Referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Joseph Smith. Referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act to extend the limits of the collection dis-
trict of Milwaukie, in the State of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of Thomas Butler. Prefer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. B. Coch-
rane, widow of the late Lieutenant R. E. Coch-
rane, of the United States Army. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Amos Knapp. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Mary Carlton. Refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Commander G. J. Pen-
dergrast. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
An act to provide compensation for theservices
of George Morell, in adjusting the titles to lands
in Michigan. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
An act for the relief of Thomas S. Russell. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of James Wormsley. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of E. J. McLane. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act authorizing the legal representatives of
Antoine Vasquez, Hypolite Vasquez, Joseph
Vasquez, and John Colhgan, to enter certain lands
in Missouri. Referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Alexander Lea. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act confirming the claim of Dusuan de la
Croix to a lot of land therein described. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Gideon Hotchkiss. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
