1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft(5t
the necessity for the Governmen^engaging m the
manufacture any longer? There'is as much rea-
son and necessity for the Government continuing
lis manufacture of arms, as there is fur it to man-
ufacture eiotiung and shoes, or to farm a/id ^row
the necessary provisions for the soldiers. Does
anybody say that sound policy demands that we
should engage m the manufacture of clothes and
shoe* for the Army and Navy? Certainly not.
A piopos.d of mat chaiacter would be frowned
down by Congiess. Then f claim that theie is
no more necessity for the Government engaging
in the manufacture of arms than for it to engage
in the making of clothes and shoes for the Army
and Navy.
I think it time that the Government should be
divested of all those powers which may be given
to civilians. Jts patronage is growing with a rapid-
ity that is alarming to every true patriot, 1 look
with alarm at the increasing patronage of the Gen-
eral Government, and 1 should like to see it di-
vested of all power that can be legitimately dis-
pensed with, and^given back to the people, where
it properly belongs. For these reasons, and many
others which 1 will not detain the committee by
repealing, because [ did not rise to nmk« a Bun-
combe speech, as I was chaiged with doing when
1 had the floor on Saturday last, I offer the amend-
ment to this bill which has been read, because it
is in accordance with the genius of our institu-
tions, and calculated to promote the best interests
of the country. 1 hope it will be adopred by the
committee. We wish to get rid of this contest
about the civil and military superintendence of
the armories. If we do not adopt this amend-
ment, this contest will still go on, and it will con-
tinue to agitate the country. If we adopt the
principle embraced in my amendment, it will settle
this question, and it will never again be brought
into the Halls of Congress. I find that in this
bill $49,200 are appiopriafed for improvements
in machinery. In the calculation of the cost of
arms we do not calculate the cost of these im-
provements, or the cost of the beautiful buildings
which have been built by the Government for the
accommodation of our military officers. We have
none of these things included in the expense of
arms. As 1 remarked before, when you come to
sift this matter, you will find that arms can he
manufactured cheaper and better outside of these
armoi les.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise, with a view of offering a resolution in the
House to close debate.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to yielding
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to propose an
amendment to this bill, which will requiie a longer
discussion than can be had under the five-minute
rule. It is a very important amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlefnan from Cal-
ifornia cannot move an amendment now,for there
is an amendment already pending.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am opposed to the
motion that the committee rise for the nurpcfee of
limiting the debate, as I desire to be heard upon
an important amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. Let us take the vote on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] if his object is to
move to close debate on this bill?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is.
Mr. WALSH. This is an important bill; and
if that is the object of the gentleman, I will vote
against the motion to rise.
The question was put on Mr. Houston's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield the floor to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulknf.r?]
Mr. BANKS. 1 do not understand for what
purpose the gentleman from Virginia wishes the
floor. I am willing to yield it to him if it is for a
proper purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. My object in seeking the
floor is this: I presume the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] rises for the purpose
of speaking on the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. SrAirioj*.] Now, I say
that thp House must first dispose of the amend-
ment offered by tho gentleman from Now Jersey,
[Mr.^gfei/roN.] This is now the pending
ment, and it must be disposed of before the ques-
tion can be debated arising from the proposition
of the gentleman ftom Kentucky. The Chair
will remember that a resolution v/as adopted by
the Hou.se, on the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] restricting debate in
Committee of the Whole to the immediate prop-
osition before that committee. I therefore ask
that the question be taken on the proposition of
the gentleman from New Jersey before this debate
goes on.
Mr. BANKS. I do not desire to debate the
proposition of the gentleman from New Jersey,
for I do not precisely understand what it is. But
I wish to speak to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] will have to confine his
remarks to the pending question, which is the
amendment to the amendmentoffered by the gen-
tleman fiorn New Jersey.
Mr. BANKS. Then 1 propose to state a ques-
tion of order; and I ask that the amendment of
the gentleman from New Jersey be read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BANKS. 1 raise the question of order,
that that amendment is not in order at this time,
inasmuch aa the first proposition is one for the
regulation of the armories for the manufacture of
arms, and the second proposition being for the ab-
olition of the armories altogether, cannot be in
order as an amendment to the amendment, though
undoubtedly it would be m order if the first prop-
osition were disposed of. i desire to speak on
• the first amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. What is the objection to
taking the question now on that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to the
amendment was offered by the gentleman from
New Jersey without objection; and, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, the point of order is made too
late.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then why not take the vote
now ?
[Cries of " Certainly !" Certainly !"
The question was taken on Mr. Skelton's
amendment to the amendment, and it v/as not
agreed to.
Mr. BANKS then addressed the committee for
one hour in favor of Mr. Stanton's amendment.
His speech, withheld for revision, wiU he pub-
lished hereafter.
Mr. BARRY obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. KEITT, who said: Mr. Chairman, with
the simple remark that I did not abuse mechanics,
I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
W right, of Pennsylvania.] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
patticularly the Army appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
COOSA AND TENNESSEE RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. COBB. Duty to myself and constituents,
and the peculiar position I occupy in this House,
admonish me to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to discharge she Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of a bill " granting the right of way and
a donation of land to the State of Alabama, in
aid of the construction of the Coosa and Ten-
nessee River Railroad, m said State, leading from
Gadsden to the Tennessee river, at or near Gun-
ter's Landing." Four months ago that bill stood
the ninth on the Calendar. In a few moments I
cansansfy every member of the necessity for its
passage at this time.
Mr. WALSH, f object.
Mr. COBB. Then I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated. I am
not anxious that the motion for suspension should
be considered to-day. If gentlemen desire an ad-
journment, let it go over to Monday next.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. SpeaKer, I am anxious to
secure the unanimous consent for the Committee
on the Judiciarv to report a bill to which there is
no objection. It is to fix the terms of th<? courts
| in New Orleans, and is intended to*promote pub^
j he justice, it enables us to try criminal cases at'
j the proper time. There are now no fixed terms,
and those observed $re not legal. If this biH is
not allowed to pass, objections will be made to ia^
| dictments, and justice will fail. 1 hope thegentTe*
| man from New York will withdraw his motion to
| adjourn, and allow the bill to be reported, and "put
; on its passage. ' * P
j Mr. LETCHER. Can this bill come in While
! there is a motion for the suspension of therutaf'
j pending?
j The SPEAKER, pro tempore, [Mr. Orr.] -It'
can by unanimous consent
Mr. FLAGLER. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ, in oi der that the bill referred to by.4he gen-
tleman from Louisiana may be introduced.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and by unanimous consent, then reported
back Senate bill No. 377, entitled "An act regu-
lating the time for holding the sessions of the dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States in
the eastern district of Louisiana, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass."
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHEELER. I now renew the motionto
adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask thegentleman from
New York to withdraw the motion to adjourn,
that I may have taken from the Speaker's table a
Senate bill for the purpose of reference.
Mr. WALSH. I object, unless i know what
it is about.
Tiie question v as taken upon Mr. Wheeler's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at fifteen minutes to
four o'clock) adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 17, 1854.
The Senate met, at eleven o'clock, pursuant to a
resolution passed on Friday last.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the examination
and survev of the route for a canal across the
peninsula of Florida; which was read,and relerred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of inhabitants
of Buffalo, New York, praying the reduction of
the rates of ocean postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of the town of Btadford, and a petition of the men
of Weston, Massachusetts, prayin£ the repeal of
the act of 1850, known as the fugitive slave law;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of the city and
county of New York, praying the prohibition of
the internal slave trade between the slave States
of the Union.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of
T. M. Balster, the widow of John Balster, who
was killed at Charleston arsenal while m the dis-
chaiffe of his public duties, praying a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
William Clark, praying relief for losses sustained
under contract with the navy agent at Memphis,
Tennessee, for the delivery of materials in em-
bankment in the navy-yard at that place, and
damages for violation of contract by the agent of
the Government, submitted e. report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill making ap-
propriations foT the civil and diplbria&tic expenses
