ra 
i c/>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jjj/i
July 17,
of Government for the year ending the 30th of-1
June, 1855, reported it back with amendments.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BENJAMIN gave nrotice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Pierre Cazelow,
deceased.
BOUNTY LANDS.
The bill introduced by Mr. Adams, on the 1st
instant, to am.end the several acts granting bounty
lands, and for other purposes, was read a second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A menage was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKban, Chief Clerk,
requesting the Senate to send them a certified copy
of the bill of the Senate for the relief of William
P. S. Sanger, the original bill having been mislaid
since it was received from the Senate.
Also, that they had passed a joint resolution
from the Senate providing for the distribution of
the works of Thomas Jefferson.
Also, that they had passed a bill for the relief
of Charles Lee Jones, in which they asked the
concurrence of the Senate.
preservation from shipwreck.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the bill reported
from the Committeeon Commerce,'4 for the better
preservation of life and property from vessels
shipwrecked on the coasts of the United States,"
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to establish such additional stations, on
the coasts of Long Island and New Jersey, for
affording aid to shipwrecked vessels thereon, to
change the location of the existing stations, to
make such repairs, and to furnish such apparatus
and supplies as may, in his judgment, be best
adapted to give effect to the objects of the bill, and
also to give him authority to appoint a keeper, at
a compensation not exceeding $200, at each of the
stations to be established under the provisions of
the bill, and a superintendent, who is also to have
the powers and perform the duty of an inspector
of the customs for each of the coasts mentioned.
No boat is to be purchased and located at any
point oiher than on the coasts of Long Island and
New Jersey, unless it be placed in the immediate
care of an officer of the Government, or unless
bond be given by proper individuals, living m the
neighborhood, conditioned for its care and preser-
vation, and its application to the uses intended.
The Secretary of the I'reasury is also to be au-
thorized to establish stations at such light-houses
as, in his judgment, he shall deem best, and the
keepers of the lights are to take charge, as a part
of their official duties, of such boats and appara-
tus as may be put in their charge respectively.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
kansas and nebraska act.
Mr. PETT1T. I hope the resolution to print
certain copies of the Kansas and Nebraska bill
will now be taken up for consideration. I offered
it on Saturday.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Chase) objected to its consider-
ation on Saturday, and 1 think he has an amend-
ment to propose to it.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to say simply that the
Senator from Ohio came over to me on Saturday,
and suggested that he desired to amend it so as to
cover, in the same publication, all the votes upon
the various proposed amendments to the bill—the
yeas and nays upon them—and the final vote,
which would make a large book. I do not see
any necessity for publishing them at all. There
is no dispute as to how all the Senators voted.
There is no necessity for publishing them; but
there is a necessity for publishing what f propose.
If the Senator from Ohio is not in his place it is
not any fault of mine. The hour of meeting was
fixed. The resolution ought to be, and I hope
will be, adopted.
The resolution was read.
Mr. SUMNER. I must still suggest that the
resolution lie upon the table until the Senator from
Ohio comes in. There isno quorum present now.
Mr. PETTIT. - Let it be passed over.
The resolution was accordingly passed over.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the Senate
take up the resolution reported from the select
committee, in relation to the organization of the
officers of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Since the report was made, I
have, under the instructions of the committee,
modified one of the provisions. The Secretary
can read it as modified.
The resolutions were read as follows:
Resolved, That the compensation of the officers and per-
sons in the employment of the Senate, from and after me
30th day of June, 1853, he as follows:
To the Secretary of the Seriate, .$3,OUO per annum ;
To the officer charged with the disbursements of the
Senate, $400 per annum;
To the principal clerk, and the executive clerk in the
office otthe Secretary of the Senate, each $1,600 per an-
num ;
To eight clerks in same office, each $1,541 67 per an-
num i
To the keeper of the stationery, &c., .$1,400 60 per an-
num ;
One messenger, $900 per annum ;
One messenger, per annum;
One page, &416 67 per annum ;
To the Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, $1,666 67 per
annum ;
To the Assistant Doorkeeper, $1,416 67 per annum ;
And to persons in the office of the Seigeant-at Arms, as
follows:
Po&tmaeter to the Senate, $l,4n834 per annum ;
Assistant postmaster and mail-carrier, $l,2uo per an-
num ;
Two mail boys, efcch $650 per annum ;
Superintendent ot document room $1,2-50 per annum ;
Two assistants in document room, each $1,000 per an-
num ;
superintendent of folding room, $l,9f>0 per annum ;
Two messengers acting Assistant Doorkeepers, each
$1,250 per annum;
Fifteen nies-^'ngers, each $900 per annum ;
Superintendent in charge ol Senate furnaces, $900 per
annum ;
AsM*tant in charge of furnaces, $500 per annum ;
Laborer in charge of private parage, $oOU per annum ;
Two laborers, each $400 per annum ;
Ten paires, two dollars per day each during the session ;
Clerk or Secretary to the President ol the Senate, $1,460
per annum ;
One p.ige appointed by the President of the Senate at
two dollars per day during the se>su>n ;
Provided, That the compensation of those messengers
and laborers who were not employed at the commencement
of I he las-t fif-cal year shall commence wiih the first day of
the present fiscal year: .flw/ ptovtdcd fin titer, Thai tn cases
wheie a l.uger t-um than is herein proposed ha*, been paid
during the last fiscal year to any person embiaeed m tins
resolution, (he r.ues heteiu ptoposud shall commence v\uh
the present fi--e.il y^ai.
Rcsoh eti, Thai it shall be the duly of the Sergeant-at-
Arms to classify the pages of the Senate so that at the close
of the present and each succeeding Congress one half the
Dumber shall be removed. And in no ease shall a page be
appointed younger than thirteen year5?, or remain in office
after the age of seventeen years, or for longer tune than two
Congresses, or four years.
Raohcd, That the several officers and others in the
departments of the See/entry ot the Se/iate and of the
Serge.mt-ai Arms shall he appointed and removed from
office by Uiomj officers re-p< ctively as heretofore. But
when made during the session ot the Senate any such re-
moval to be first approved by the President of the Senate,
on reasons to be aligned th'refor iti writing t v the officer
making the removal; and when tn the recess such reasons
in wmmg to be laid before the Piesident of the Senate on
the first day of the succeeding session, and to be approved
or disapproved by ium.
Mr. MASON. The report, which shows the
reasons actuating the committee, has been before
the Senate for some time, and I presume has been
read by Senators-, so that the inducement of the
committee to organize the corps of officers of the
Senate as these resolutions propose, is before the
body. I will only add that the committee were
unanimous in their opinion. They had some
difficulty, of course, in adjusting the scale of com-
pensation and the tenure; but they were unani-
mous in every conclusion that was come to; and
it is their general belief that the effect will be to
give us an efficient corps of officers.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, there are a
good many points in this report to winch I object,
believing that it does injustice and wrong. [ have
read and examined the report, but have it not be-
fore me; therefore I have to refer to it from mem-
ory. The first that I notice is, that it devolves
the whole power of appointment and removal
upon the Vice President or the President pro tem-
pore of the Senate. This I think is wrong, and
burdens him with a duty that ought not to be im-
posed on him. I believe the Sergeant-at-Arms at
all times will be more competent to judge of the
fitness of Ihk performance of the service and labor
required from the various employees, than the
Presiding Officer can be.
This makes the Sergeant-at-Arms the accusing
party. He has first to file an indictment or inform-
ation against one of the employees of the Senate
under him, for whose action he is responsible
entirely, before the Presiding Officer, and that
officer is constituted a court to try the pros md
consthe whys and the wherefores, as to whetner
an employee should be removed or dismissed,and I
presume the same thing will apply to the appoint-
ment. So far as it requires that course of action,
m my judgment, the report is wrong.
I notice another instance in which i think it is
wrong. That is, the requirement that no page
shall be employed under thirteen, years of age.
There is, in my judgment, no propriety in any
such requirement. Pages of ten or eleven years
of age are just as valuable and serviceable on the
floor as those who are thirteen or fourteen. I
think it will operate harshly and oppressively on
some of the boys m this city whom it may be de-
sirable to encourage. 1 am opposed to it on that
ground.
But, sir, there is a class of employees of the
Senate harshly treated by this report. I refer to
thecletksof the various committees. They are
the only persons employed by the Senate whose
pay, under the report, will not be as much this
Congress as it was last Congress, for the reason
that they are now allowed four dollars per day for
their services during the session; and heretofore
the Senate have been m the habit of adding $250
at the close of each session; but this report pro-
poses to leave them with the four dollars a day,
adding twenty per cent., which will together make
a considerably less sum than they have been here-
tofore allowed. It will make over $200 difference
in the two years. These employees are worse
paid, in my estimation, than any others in the
service of the Senate, and their interest ought to
be looked to. I hold in my hand a memorial
written in a large line round hand, addressed by
them to the Senate, which I send to the table, and
ask to have read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the memorial,
but had not proceeded far when he was inter-
rupted by
Mr. PETTIT, who said: At the suggestion of
Senators around me, I will waive the reading of
that memorial, and move to amend the resolutions
reported by the committee, by making the com-
pensation of the committee clerks five dollars a
day. It is plainly shown in the memorial,' that
they are cut down, in the course of two sessions,
over $200, and 1 do not think it fair.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the position of
the clerks of committees was considered by the
select committee, and it was thought that they
were officers necessarily temporary in their char-
acter. The committees, of course, are discharged
at each session, and their clerks are discharged
with them. It^was the design of the committee,
as will be seen'in their report, to maketheofficers
of the Senate a permanent corps, and the reasons
for that are assigned in the report. The Senate
itself ^is a permanent body, always in a state of
organization, liable to be called together by the
Executive separately from the other branch of
the Legislature, and it was deemed important,
therefore, that the entire organization of the Sen-
ate should be preserved through the year.
On the score of expense, the report shows that
if, instead of retaining the salaries of all the offi-
cers of the Senate at the same amount heretofore
paid to their., the resolutions of the committee be
adopted, and the extra allowances be cut off, as
we propose, there will be an actual saving to the
Government of some six or eight thousand dol-
lars per annum; so that the only objection to
making them permanent is removed.
Then, as regards the clerks of the committees,
it could not, I presume, be designed that those
officers should be permanent, because, that they
serve bodies which necessarily expire with each,
session. Their present compensation is four dol-
lars per day, but a jointresolution has passed the
House, is now before the Senate, and I have no
doubt will be concurred in by the Senate, which,
operating upon these salaries, will make them
really within twentycentsof fivedollars aday. It
will make their compensation $4 80 a day.
Mr. SHIELDS. Does that apply to them?
Mr. MASON. I have examined it, and it
clearly applies to clerks to committees. The effect
ofitwill be tomaketheircompensatio-n $4 80 a day.
