1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
member of the committee, that I should hold that
it was incumbent on a Senator, from any State
making a proposition, to have the fee bill revised,
as regards that State, by clear and undoubted
facts, to demonstrate to the committee why that
bill is, in its provisions, unequal and unjust £s to
the compensation of the officers in that State. If
such a case can be made out, there will then be a
plain reason 'given why, as to that State, you
should depart from the general principle of the fee
bill. Then other Senators, if they think the bill
inapplicable to their States, can bring forward
similar resolutions. By this course each case will
be referred separately, and each will be, as it
ought to be, considered separately; throwing the
onus on those who make the proposition to depart
from the general rule which pervades the whole
United States, to make out, in the clearest man-
ner. the necessity of the exception as applied to
their particular State.
Mr. CASS. 1 submit whether this discussion
is not rather unprofitable? It is very evident to
me that we should have one general proposition
before us. If the opposite course is to be pursued
I shall certainly move to insert Michigan, and I
suppose other gentlemen will move to insert other
States. I know very well that the fees allowed
in Michigan are too low, and, therefore, if the in-
quiry is to be as to particular cases, 1 shall move
to include the officers m that Stale. The ob-
jection to a general resolution which is urged by
the honorable chairman [Mr. Botler] I do not
think amounts to much, for this simple reason:
that any gentleman who feels himself interested
will submit the necessary information to the com-
mittee to enable them to act. The form of this
resolution is perfectly indifferent to me; but if it
is to apply to a particular case, I intend, as I said,
before, to have Michigan included.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There is a great deal
of force in what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Michigan. From the slight exam-
ination which I have been able to bestow on the
subject, I am satisfied that in the large cities the
marshals are amply compensated; and as the gen-
tleman from Delaware says, it is those cases which
are exceptions which should be provided for. Pro-
vision should be made for officers who now com-
plain of the want of a sufficient allowance in the
discharge of their duty. 1 see a number of Sena-
tors around me who are perfectly quiet in this mat-
ter, and who, no doubt, are satisfied as to the opera-
tion of the bill in their States; but a moment's reflec-
tion will satisfy the Senate that there are excep-
tions. We have, for instance, in all our legislation
connected with California, allowed a larger com-
pensation to officers there than in the other States,
and for what reason' Because the cost of living
there is more than anywhere else in this country.
Everything there is on a higher scale, and charges
are more exorbitant. There should be discrimina-
tion in this matter. In many localities the com-
pensation allowed to these officers is ample; but
in many of the southern States there are gentle-
men who occupy these positions, who, I can show
to the satisfaction of the committee and the Sen-
ate, are not able to make enough, after paying
their ordinary expenses, to leave them a sufficient
remuneration for their labor. Can we ask gen-
tlemen to discharge these duties, and to labor
without compensation?
If the gentleman from Virginia thinks the com-
pensation of these officers in his State is not suf-
ficient, let him introduce a resolution in regard to
them, without burdening this resolution with the
general subject. I hope to be able to satisfy the
committee and the Senate, that the compensation
of the marshal in Alabama is entirely insufficient.
I intend to show the committee that if he had but
one district to attend to, his compensation would i
not be sufficient; but we have thrown on him j
twenty-two counties more, and yet he has but the
some compensation that the marshal had tor one
district before. ..
The chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has intimated that if we send to his com-
mittee a sweeping inquiry, be will feel bound,
from the general operation of the low, to report
against the proposition; and therefore I ask gen-
tlemen to refrain from overburdening my resolu-
tion with other matters. Is it liberal or fair, under
these circumstances, to give it that general scope
which gentlemen now intimate that they desire to
do? I trust that the gentlemen who think the
compensation of the marshals, clerks, and attor-
neys in their States should be increased, will offer
their propositions, as the gentleman from Califor-
nia and the gentleman from Arkansas have done,
as separate resolutions, or as amendments to this,
and not burden this resolution with a general in-
quiry.
Mr. MASON. I renewed the proposition of
the Senator from Arkansas, merely because I sup-
posed that was the sense of the Senate. I have
no desire to make the resolution general; but I ask,
at any rate, that the Stateof Virginia be included.
I withdraw my proposition, and move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas by
inserting further:
And also of the attorneys, marshals, and clerks of the
United States for the eastern and western districts of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BRIGHT. I dislike to interpose any ob-
jection to the proposition offered by the Senator
from Alabama. If I understand it, it is an inquiry
as to the propriety of increasing the fees of the
district attorneys, clerks, and marshals.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Not the district at-
torney-—the clerk and marshal in Alabama.
Mr. BRIGHT. The presentation of that ques-
tion raises the general question as to whether the
fees of that class of officers in the different States
are now sufficient. No longer ago than this
morning I received a letter from the clerk of the
district court of the State which I m part repre-
sent here, complaining of the inadequacy of his
compensation. He shows in detail the inadequacy
of the fees paid to him for the labor which he per-
forms. And the same may be said of the marshal.
I have no doubt that the fees paid to the marshal
and district attorney in Alabama are low, and that
they might, with great propriety, be raised, in
view of the general increase of compensation that
the General Government is making to her officers
everywhere. But I cannot sit by and see the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama introduce a special
case, when the evil is general, without moving as
an amendment to his proposition to include the
State that I represent.
Mr. FITZPATRICK: I am very willing to
accept that amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the proper direction
to give to the subject would be to refer it to the
Judiciary Committee, that they may perfect and
report a general bill. I know that the amount of
compensation paid in New York and some of the
leading cities of the Union would be more than
would be expected in the western States. The
proper method to adopt, in my judgment, in ref-
erence to this matter, would be to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
report a bill graduating the fees in the different
districts, governed by the circumstances that sur-
round each case.
As I remarked before, there is no reason why
this class of officeis in Alabama should receive
more than they do in the State of Indiana. The
same reason would not apply in the State of Cali-
fornia. There this class of officers should receive
more; there is no doubt about that. These are
matters which could all be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Each gentleman feeling
aggrieved could go before that committee, and give
his reason for the scale of fees he presents for his
State; and I think the honoiable Senator from
Alabama would arrive at his object more readily
by consenting to the reference of the general sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary, that the
matter may be fully considered by them.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I regret this
debate, and I regret that the proposition of the
Senator from Alabama was not adopted without
discussion; for it places Senators to whom repre-
sentations of a similar nature have been made in
the unpleasant predicament, either of voting for a
general amendment, an amendment making this
inquiry general in reference to the officers of the
i circuit and district courts in all the States, or else
of moving to amend this proposition by adding
their particular States. _
I am in the same predicament with the Senator
from Virginia. 1 have received a letter from the
district attorney of my own State, making com-
plaint that his fees are too low; and I doubt
whether there are many Senators on this floor who
have not received letters from one or the other of
the officers of these courts making the same com-
plaints. Now, I would suggest that all these
amendments be withdrawn, that the proposition of
the Senator from Alabama may be.allowed to be
considered separately, and the question taken upon
it. I hope the reference will be made as is usual
with resolutions of inquiry; and then let all-of us
who wish.to bring questions of this character be-
fore the committee, either bring forward our own
resolutions, or frame a general resolution, without
in terfering with the proposition of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am decidedly
in favor of the inquiry which my friend from Ala-
bama has proposed by.his resolution, and I am in
favor of extending it also, with his permission, to
the officers in other States who are in like condi-
tion under the operation of this law, and who are
suffering from the most preposterous and absurd
interpretation put upon it in the Comptroller's of-
fice. If there is no amendment pending now,
which renders it improper for me to make the mo-
tion, I will move 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair will suggest that there is an amend-
ment to an amendment already pending.
Mr. BADGER. Then I will refrain from sug-
gesting the amendment which I propose to offer
presently, to include the marshal of my own State.
Mr. FITZPATRIQK. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will alter the resolution so as to an-
swer his purpose better.
Mr. BADGER. I hope so.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. When I offered this
resolution 1 was not aware that there was such
general dissatisfaction with the fee bill. I felt so
perfectly assured that I could demonstrate to the
committee and to this body, that those gentlemen,
whose compensation I am seeking to increase,
ought to have increased emoluments, that I was
unwilling to burden the matter with any other
proposition. Since the discussion has arisen, I
have become satisfied that there is a general dis-
satisfaction and discontent; and from the_ indica-
tions which I see in this body, I am willing that
the inquiry shall have a more general range; and I
therefore accept the proposition of the gentleman
to give it a general direction, instead of restricting
the inquiry to my State. 1 am therefore content
myself to accept that amendment, and to make
the inquiry general. I modify my resolution, by
adding to it, asoriginally offered, the following:
Anil also so as to increasethecompensationofthe clerks,
marshals, and attorneys m the several judicial districts ot
the United States.
Messrs. Gwra, Mason, and Sebastian with-
drew the amendments suggested by them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the resolution as modified.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say, before the
question is taken upon this resolution, that the
interest I feel in it springs not only from the fact
that I know the officers referred to in my own
State—particularly the marshal—are most inade-
quately compensated, but from another reason.
Sir, I had the honor to be a member ot the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary at the last session of Con-
gress, when we took up and passed a bill trom
the House of Representatives upon the general
subject of these compensations and allowances.
We were then misled into leaving an amount ot
control over this subject in the Comptroller s office,
which is utterly inconsistent with any just, rea-
sonable, or fair interpretation of the law which we
have passed. In that office, the usages of the
courts, the continued and unbroken practice of the
several judicial districts of the United States, are
considered as nothing, and a system^of 'nt^Pre-
tation is introduced and put upon that law,
renders it uncertain and injurious, and the whole
transactions of these fiscal officers^
ment entirely vexatious and injurious in that De-
1 partment. For instance, sir, that law gives to a
i marshal, for the execution of process, a certain
: mileage compensation for the distance of the place
at which the process has to be served from the seat
ofTh court ?0 which it is to be returned. Well,
sir as I understand, the Comptro ler, preparing a
svstem of regulations and of ru es, as he calls
them requires that the officer shall make an oath
thathe actually made the travel for the pur-
nf serving the process in question. The law
See no such thing; the law intended no such
thrng. The law provided a system by which the
officer should be compensated, upon the whole,
for his trouble and service upon the whole.
