1854.
THE (CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PETTIT. As far as I can judge from the
report, it is not designed to cut down the former
pay of the employees of the Senate, but the design
is clearly to raise them all from the Secretary down
through all the subalterns, and the Sergeant-at-
Arms'and all his subalterns. Their pay is raised
by these resolutions, and the committee clerks are
the only class whose pay will not be as much this
Congress, by this report, as their pay has been
heretofore. They have been paid four dollars a
day through the session and two hundred and fifty
dollars has been added to that every year as extra
allowance, or extra compensation. Under this
report, they will be paid four dollars a day, and
twenty per cent, on this, which will make their
compensation each session a little over $100 less
than they have been heretofore paid.
Now, 1 want to know what reason, what justice,
is there in this? Do clerks of committees find
living here cheaper,'while every other officer and
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the clause " fif-
teen messengers, each $900 per annum," by strik-
j ing out $900 and insetting §1,000. Those mes-
i sengers perform laborious services. I know very
i few of them ; but those that I do know, who at-
tend to the distribution of the documents around
1 the city, certainly perform the most laborious ser-
i vices that are performed by the officers of the
i Senate.
i Mr. MASON. In fixing the salaries of the of-
! ficers of the Senate, like fixing the salaries of the
I officers of the Government, everybody knows that
! there must be a proper regard for the duties of the
■ offices, and their grades. ..Now, you, of necessity,
1 pay more for intellect, skill, and acquirements, ;
' than for ordinary labor; and the committee, in fix- j
j ing the scale of salaries, for they are now salaries, j
have been governed altogether, first, by the attain- ;
ments which the officer must have to discharge his j
duties properly, then by the responsibility, and j
employee finds it dearer; and while, as we our- lj then by the time occupied;_and in doing so, they
. .   l_ - .1    ...Lot I1 V« i'min:! I  "> t 1 I A Keil.1 f f 51
selves know, our expenses are one third more j
than they have been heretofore? It cannot be
otheiwise with these men; and 1 regard it as an
oversight on the part of the committee in not pro-
viding for them. The report, the memorial, and
statements which I have here, clearly show what
their pay for two sessions would be at four dollars
have preserved what was found in the Senate, a |
gradation in the pay of the officers, based upon j
those foundations. i
There are twenty-three messengers altogether j
in the Senate. Eight of them (because they were
found in the performance of their duties not proper
to messengers, but above the oidinary dunes of
per day", and adding $250 at the end of each ses- ; mere messenger) have been taken by the commit- ^
sion, and what it will be at four dollars per day ; tee, and designated by titles which will indicate :
and 'adding twenty per cent. The difference is !: their respective duties, and have had their com- j
over $200* I hope that when we are providing pensation apportioned accordingly. Then there ;
so amply and liberally for all the other employees j! are fifteen, who are messengers only, in thedis-
of the Senate, we shall not cut down this menu® |, charge of ordinary ministerial services; and the
rious class, and I therefore propose to insert five |
dollars instead of four dollars a day, in order to
give them something like a fair compensation.
If you take the statements made in the report,
you will find that it proposes to pay some of the
assistants to the Secretary $2,100 or $2,200 a
year, while what I ask for these committee clerks,
for both years put together, will not amount fo
that sum. They are men as competent, as worthy,
as faithful—men who have no other business
during the recess to go to. Indeed, I might well
add, that there would be great propriety in con-
tinuing them, or many of them during the recess.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will agree to the
amendment which I propose, that the clerks to the
committees shall be paid five dollars a day from
the commencement of the session. Then, to that
sum will be added the twenty per cent, proposed
by the House joint resolution. The two together
will bring them to vsomethmg like the condition
they formerly occupied, and bring them in the
committee have thought that a compensation which
would give them annually $1,080, when compared
with the scale of compensation outside of the Sen-
ate, was a very ample and abundant one.
A Senator. The resolution does not give
them $1,080.
Mr. MASON. We do give them $1,080. I
ask the Secretary to read that part of the resolu-
tion which fixes the pay of the fifteen messengers.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Fifteen messengers, each $900 per annum."
Mr. MASON. Precisely; and then twenty per
1 cent, per annum will make it $1,080. The Senator
proposes to malte it $1,000-;- and the twenty per
cent, added to that would make it §1,200. That is
1 utterly beyond the character of the services they
' have to discharge; and it will destroy the whole
gradation in the scale of salaries fixed by the
1 committee. The object of the committee has
been to pay all the officers of the Senate well, and
to have an efficient corps; but I wouid only say
same ratio of advance that is given to the other i; • lf thig inb:tance, and others of a like
employees of the Senate. character, the scale of compensation is changed,
Mr. MASON. I do not intend to contest this pay these men more than is paid to officers
question at al . If it is the pleasure of the Senate ,, ^ ^/ch far hi her graUes of dmies.
to increase the compensation of these clerks, I ,, | * or tf) Qfth„BS
certainly shall not object. My impression is, i ivir. ivuoiy.
that their present compensation is adequate to the ^
service they perform; but if the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana to make then-
compensation under these resolutions live dollars
a day prevails, then the twenty per cent, which j
will be' added will make their actual compensa-
sation six dollars a day. That will be the effect.
Mr. PETTIT. That will not make them equal
by any means to some of the other employees of
the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will waive any objection to this proposition.
It seems to me it is a fair and reasonable one,and
it would have an ungenerous appearance, while
we are raising the compensation of the other offi-
cers, actually to strike down the compensation to
clerks of committees. Let us agree to this amend-
ment, and then pass the resolutions.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the Senate will concur
in the amendment now proposed. The cletks of
messengers, and measured by the scale of intel-
lect, they would be regarded as very meritorious.
There is another thing which is just as important
in an officer, and that is honesty; and upon that
point I think they will compare with anybody. 1
know three or four of these persons who distribute
documents. It is a most laoorious husinesa. It
is constant, morning, evening, and night; and
therefore the proper discharge of their duties is
very important. I will do them the justice to say,
that not one of them has spoken to me about the
rate of compensation, or grumbled about it; but
one or two of them are known to me to be men
of families, and on §1,080 can they well support
their families? The honorable Senator says it 1:
their present pay; but you increase twenty .per
cent, upon the present pay of some persons who
do not perform one tenth of the labor.
Mr. MASON". I desire to correct the Senator.
These fifteen messengers aie not permanently em-
ployed under the present regulations of the Senate.
the committees are about the most important offi- <■ —  i . . ,
cers of the Senate in reference to the transaction j! They are employed while the Senate is sittin and
of business; and the compensation proposed ap-! twenty days after; but now we propose to employ
pears to me to be very insufficient. I hope the f them permanently, ami give them a salaiy. I
amendment will be adored. I! have not said a word, and do not mean to say a
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to amend that portion
of the resolution which limits the age of pages, by
striking out " thirteen "and inserting " eleven"as
the youngest age at which they can be employed.
Several Senators. Oh, no; it is too young.
Mr. PET FIT. Older Senators say that it is
too young. I withdraw the amendment-
word, against that class of officers. 1 know many
: of them; they are most valuable men in their
! position. I have no doubt they have abundant
! intellect; but if they have an intellect above their
j place they will find it desirable to employ it in
! some other avocation. That they are honest I do
! not doubt. If they were not so, they ought not
to We here. I say not a word against them. They
are valuable men; every bne of them that 1 know
is valuable. I am not aware of anybody in the
employ of the Senate who ought not to 'be con-
tinued here. I repeat, they are valuable in their
position, but if they have an intellect entitling
them to pay higher than they get here," they call;
turn that intellect to a much better account by
leaving here. ' •
Mr. RUSK. The increase of compensation
which my amendment proposes is only §120 tp
each of those individuals. More than that has
been added to the committee clerks. At that Iv
do not grumble, but if the Senate choose to em-
ploy these men, and refuse to give them an addi-
tion of §120 for such laborious services, I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. BRIGHT. I dislike very much to inter-
fere with this report. It is one that we have
needed, and which we have been promised for a
long time. I have no doubt that the select com-;
mittee have reported a proposition which they?
deem just and equitable. I disagree withthemirv
several particulars; but I believe I am willing to
take the report as it is, so far as it regards the
salaries, though I think the amount proposed to
I be paid to many of the officers is extravagant—
! yes, sir, very extravagant, compared with the
i amount paid to Senators and many other officers
j of the Government.
If the honorable Senator from Texas insists
j upon his amendment, 1 shall move further to amend
i by making the compensation §750 to the messen-
\ gers during the short session, and $1,000 during
; j the long session. I am willing to take the report
as it is, in that particular. 1 am satisfied, on in-
' i quiry among Senators, that there is a majority
i disposed to adopt the present report. I cannot
j permit it to pass, however, without saying that I
! regard the amount proposed to be paid to all the
! officers as very extravagant. 1 shall, however,
] move, after the amendment of the honorable Sen-
I ator from Texas is disposed of, to strike out the
■! concluding resolution, on the ground that it is anti-
j! Democratic, and ought not to pass this body.
;j The question being taken,on a division no quo-
II rum voted.
I Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to have it understood
': that on the jJ900 proposed to be given by the reso-
! lution of the committee, there is twenty per cent,
to be added, which would make $1,080 per annum
1 to each messenger for nine months service during
j one year, and three months service another year,
i That is the practical effect of it. That is just the
! proposition which we are to vote on: whether we
i shall give §900, with the twenty per cent, on it,
! for services for three months one year, and eight
i or nine months another year. The Senator from
1 Texas, not satisfied with giving $900, moves to
< make it $1,000, which would, with thetwentyper
cent , give $1,200 per annum to each messenger.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to trouble the Senate
a ain, but the honorable Senator has not stated
j the question fairly. Ashe states, these persons
'! are to receive, according to the resolution of the
committee, with the per cent, addition,$1,080 per
!i annum. The amendment increases it only to
'; ftl ,200. The honorable Senator says it is for ser-
; vices performed during eight or nine months one
year, and three months another year. That is a
' mistake; and if the honorable Senator will look at
it, he will see why it is a mistake. At. the close
1 of the sessions of Congress, all the documents
I ordered by us are not sent in. These persons aie
retained here, and at every session we make ap-
propriations to retain them. They have charge of
' all the documents; and it is, therefore, very proper
and very right that we should make them perma-
>: nent- because, when they understand their duties
properly, those duties will be much better dis-
■ charged than if the position were assigned to per-
; sons coming to the city, serving out during the
Congress, and then retiring. These are made per-
■ ] manent by the resolution itself.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. No quorum
i voted upon the amendment; but there is evidently
■ a quorum present.
■ i Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered: and being taken, resulted—
j yeas 28, nays 15; as follows:
[ yeas—Me&sr<5. Allen, Badger, Bell, Brodhead, Brown,
(I Clav, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
|| [owa, Fish, Fitzpamek, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of
:i Iowa, Jones of Tonneesee, Norm, Petttt, Rusk, ShtHds,
J Slide!!. Pninner,Thompson ofKentacky,Thomson ofNew
i Xoucrv, WVHer, and Wi'Hams—'2R«
