1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
direct copies of all such orders and regulations to
be furnished by him to this branch of Congress.
The second resolution directs merely that the
Postmaster General shall annul any order of his
that would prevent any member of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads froih going
to the Department during office hours, and exam-
ining, in the presence of the clerks who have
charge of them, the official records of the Depart-
ment; and also to abolish any order he may have
made which would tend to restrain the clerks from
giving information in relation to the official docu-
ments in the Post Office Department.
Such, sir, is the sum and substance of those
resolutions. Will this Democratic Congress de-
mand investigation of matters of legislation by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and permit the Postmaster General to withhold
from them the information essential to their guid-
ance to correct conclusions? Will you, sir, tol-
erate in the Postmaster General and his subordin-
ates, their arrogant assumption that they will
stifle and smother investigation by locking their
doors, withholding the " public records," and
thereby deprive every member of the committee
from hunting out and obtaining for himself full
and reliable " official facts ?"
Sir, if honesty, integrity, and justice has been
observed, is it possible that there canbe any inform-
ation on the records of the Post Office Depart-
ment which ought to be concealed from Congress ?
How is it possible that any member could obtain
from the official papers there that which ought not
to be known to all ?
Now, Mr. Speaker,although, perhaps, not legit-
imately before the House, I desire to say one
word in regard to the mail contracts for carrying
the mails daily from Montgomery by Mobile to
New Orleans. They were made in 1850 to term-
inate 1st of July, 1854. The " time" from Mont-
gomery to New Orleans, by the original contracts,
was fifty-eight hours—their aggregate cost $56,175
per annum.
The same contracts row cost the Government
$101,300, and require fifty-nine hours from Mont-
gomery to New Orleans, and yet only once-u-day
mail service is now given from Montgomery to
New Orleans. Yes, sir, these " extra allowances,
which now swell the cost of those contracts up to
#101,300, instead of $56,175, (their original cost,)
were all granted, I believe, (except $400,) under
the pretense of expediting that " great mail," and
now it requires one hour longer to go from Mont-
gomery to New Orleans than it did by the original
contracts at about one half the present cost.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Kentucky that he is not in order
in indulging in his present course of remark.
Mr. GREY. Then, sir, I am through.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have these
resolutions read over again.
The SPEAKER. They are not before the
House, aa objection was made to their mtrouuc-
U°Mr. GREY. If in order, then, I move to sus-
pend the rules, to enable me to introduce them.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order. , .
Mr. GREY. I hope there will be no longer
objection to the introduction of the resolutions I
rise to a question of order. 1 understand that
there is no objection to their introduction.
The SPEAKER, Objection was made, and
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] asked
leave of the House to explain. At the outset or
his remarks he expressed the hope that the objec-
tion would be withdrawn, and that the House
would give him an opportunity to indulge in an
explanation. The Chair understood the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] as making the
objection to the introduction of the resolutions.
Mr. STANTON. ! did not object.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 made ohjection to the intro-
duction of the resolutions. .
Mr GREY. Mr. Speaker, 1 now rise to a
privileged question. I will state to the House,
that I find it is impossible for me to investigate and
show all the facts connected with this matter of
legislation, in consequence of not being able to
consult and examine official records; and I there
fore ask, most respectfully, that this House will
excuse me from acting any longer on the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads and ,
sir, 1 do assure this House and my friends that 1
earnestly ask, and sincerely desire, this favor be
extended to me
I ask it, sir, from no bad feelings, nor in any
captious spirit, and free from the least excitement
about the matter; for, sir, I have no personal inter-
est in it, nor has any friend or acquaintance of
mine.
Sir, 1 ask it as a personal favor, and as an act of
justice due to me, because, sir, I am prevented
from examining the " official records" of the De-
partment, and thereby obtaining information essen-
tial to a faithful discharge of my duties as a mem-
ber of the committee. In conclusion, I again
express an earnest desire that the House will ex-
cuse me, unless the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] will withdraw his objection, and
allow these resolutions to come up and pass, so
as to give me an opportunity to examine the
" public records," and do my whole duty to my
country.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I feel some per-
sonal interest in reference to the bill, or the joint
resolution of the Senate, about which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Gkey] seeks informa-
tion. From the current of remark which has
fallen from the honorable gentleman, I fear that
that bill, on its passage through this body, may
be prejudiced. I am prepared to meet every ob-
jection to the contract which was made by the
Postmaster General with the present contractors
between Montgomery and Mobile, and I desire
that the fullest investigation may be had upon
this subject. I hope that the objection to the in-
troduction of the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] may be with-
drawn, and give the gentleman from Kentucky,
who seems opposed to an extension of this con-
tract according to the recommendation of the
Postmaster General, the fullest opportunity for
investigation.
The SPEAKER.
auc kjj. Is the objection withdrawn
upon the appeal made by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Harris']
Mr. PHELPS. 1 do not withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Grey] asks the House to excuse him
from further service on the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. 9
Mr. OLDS. May I be allowed one word?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, and
unanimous consent alone.
Mr. OLDS. I think I can explain this matter
to the satisfaction of the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio have the unanimous consent of the House
to make an explanation ?
Mr. GREY. I object, unless the resolutions
are read.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions have been
already read twice.
Mr. OLDS. I was about to suggest that the
resolutions be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. I think that the
whole matter is susceptible of explanation, if the
resolutions will be allowed to take that direction.
: The SPEAKER. The question now before the
1 House is, " Shall the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Grey] be excused from further service on
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads?"
The question was then taken; and there were—
ayes 50, noes not counted. .
The SPEAKER. The number voting in the
affirmative is less than a majority of a quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the Speaker the question whether debate
upon the request to be excused is now m order?
The SPEAKER. Debateisnot in orderuponit.
Mr. WENTWORTH. When the question
was taken-on the demand to be excused, the
House was not divided.
The SPEAKER. The House did divide; but
before the Chair announced the result, tellers
were demanded on the proposition to excuse the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WENTWORTH. But is not the ques-
tion of excusing debatable ?
I The SPEAKER. It is not.
' Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail, and
' Jones of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reDorted—ayes 86, noes 37.
Bo the House agreed to excuse the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] from serving on the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stantou,] that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] was recog-
nized by the Chair when he was interrupted by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grey.] The
gentleman from Ohio is therefore entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio then give me an opportunity to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to allow me to
make a report from a committee, simply for the
purpose of reference ? I desire to do so now, as I
am obliged to leave the city shortly.
Mr. OLDS. Such being the case, I yield to the
gentleman for a moment.
Mr.'STANTON. I then ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report.
Mr. EDGERTON. I must say that the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not authorized to yield the
floor; and I feel it my duty to call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. As objection is made, the
report cannot be received. The gentleman from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
INCREASE OF POSTAGE-
Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to report the
bill which I send up to the Clerk's desk. I desire
to call the attention of the committee to the read-
ing of the bill. I design to have it read through.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows;
A bill further to amend an act entitled " An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes,'' passed
March 3, 1851, and an act amendatory thereto,
passed August 30,1852.
The following is the bill in extenso:
A bill further to amend the act entitled " Ail act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United States, ana
for other purposes," passed March 3,1851, and tile act
amendatory thereto, passed August 30,1852.
Be it enacted In/ the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That from and after the commencement of the next fiscal
quarter after the passage of this act, in lieu of the rates of
postage now established by law, there shall be charged the
following rates, to wit:
For every single letter m manuscript, or paper ot any
kind in which information shall be asked for or communi-
cated in writing, or by marks or signs, conveyed in the mail
for any distance between places in the United States not
exceeding three thousand miles, five cents; and for any
distance exceeding three thousand miles, ten cents. l<or
every such letter or paper when conveyed wholly or in part
bv sea, and to or from a foreign country, for any distance
not exceeding three thousand miles, the ocean postage
shall be five cents, and (or any distance exceeding three
thousand miles, such ocean postage shall be ten eerm—
excepting, however, all cases where such postages have
l t :—,„A rnfPH hr nOKl.il
excemirtff. nowever, iui i-aogo r———
been, or shall be, adjusted at different rates by postal
treaty or convention already concluded or hereaftfert© be
made—and for a double letter there shall be charged double
the rate above specified; and for a treble letter) treble those
rates; and for a quadruple letter, quadruple those rates;
and every letter or parcel not exceeding half an ounce m
weight shall be deemed a single letter; and every additional
weight of half an ounce, or additional weight of less than
half an ounce, shaiibe charged with an additional single
nostaee; and upon all letters passing through or in the mail
of the United States, except such as are from a fore gn
countrv, the postages as above specified shall be P^P*11* 
and from and after the first day ot January, 1855, sucj* In-
payment shall be by stamps; and all drop letters^jm'
placed in any post office not for transmission through the
mail, but for delivery only, shall be charged with P^tago
at ihe rate of one cent each; and all letters whichi shall
I hereafter be advertised as remaining over, or uncled for
i m any post office, shall be charged with one cent each m
: addition to the regular postage, both to be accounted for a*
I "S?1^iTitfrkher enacted,^ so much of the
! second section of aii act entitled "An act to amend the
i act entitled ' An act to reduce and modify the rates of post-
! ageln V. United States, and for other purposes >'  pa sed
i August 30, 1852, as is in these words, viz. Andwhenthe
I postage upon any newspaper or periodical is paid quarterly
1 oi vearlv in advance, at the office where the said periodi-
i cal or newspaper is delivered, ®r is paid yearly or quarterly
in advance, at the office where the same ls mailed, and
' evidence of such payment is furnished to the office, of deliv-
' «v h! such manner as the Post Office Department ^all by
1 oeneral regulations prescribe, one half ot said rates only
' Shall tie charged," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec 3 M be it further enacted, That all acts or parts
1 of acts which come in conflict with the provisions of this
; act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
1 Mr. OLDS. A week ago last Monday, when
I we were about acting upon the bill increasing the
! compensation of postmasters in the United States,
I indicated to the House that I was willing to vote
I for increasing the rates of postage to a sufficient
