1768
the congressional ,globe.
July 17,
NAYS—Messrs. Ad^ms, Atchison,Bright,Butler, Cass,
Evans, Foot, Oyer, Oill'ette, Mason, I'earce, Rockwell, t
Stufcrt, Toombs, and Wade—15. I
So the amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. GWIN. As the salaries of the messengers
have been increased, I think those of the mail
boys ought also to be increased. The resolution
proposes to give them $650. I move to strike out
$650, and insert $750.
Mr. CASS 1 would say that if you increase
the salaries of the messengers, those who carry
the mail ought to receive just as much as the
others. I think they ought to have the same in-
crease. They are appointed to perform the same
service, and if, you increase the one, you ought to
increase the other.
Mr. MASON. Th(it is the very inconvenience
that f endeavored to bring to the notice of' the Sen-
ate, as the result of changing the scale of compen- j
sation which has been arranged by the committee. ;
Now, it is very certain that if there was any reason |
fpr increasing the compensation of the messengers, |
it applies as strongly to the increase of the com-
pensation of the mail boys; and if we go on increas-
ing them, we shall give them a compensation far
exceeding anything which they could get outside
of the employment of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator has given the very
reason why 1 have made the motion. If you in-
crease the one, you ought to increase the other.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 23, noes 12.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Secretary to read the
last resolution.
It was read, as follows: j
RctolMd, That the several officers and others in the de- j
partmentof the Secretary «t the Seimte and oi the Servant- .
al Ann;- shall he appointed mid removed by those officers j
respectively (is hereloiore ; hut when made diirni" the scs
sion of 'he "Senate, any such rcrnnv.il fliall he nrsl approved
hy the PlC.-ldeot of the Semite, on reason^ to be a-si ned
therefor in wriling by the officer inakun' tin: removal; am)
when in the rectus, Mich reasons in wnuny s-hall he laid
before llic President of lhe Senale on the fiist dav of [lie
succeeding session, to be approved or disappinved by him
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to strike out of the
resolution all that whiih icluies to giving the Pres-
ident of the Stiuitea supervisory power. 1 pro-
pose to leave the power of appointment and re-
moval where it has hitherto been lodged, with the
Secretary and Seigeant-at- Arms, and to make them
responsible fur selecting proper and faithful agents,
without a supervisory power anywhere.
Mr. MASON. The resolution provides that
the power of appointment in the Secretary's office
shall remain with the Secretary, and the power of
appointment in the Sergeant-at-Aimss'office with
the Sergeant-at-Arms; and that the power of re-
moval shall remain with either officer in his own
department; but it provides further, that if he does
remove any one, he shall assign his reasons in
writing, after he has done so, to the President of
the Senate for the time hting; and it provides, fur-
ther, that the removal there shall be made subject
to the approval or disapproval of that officer.
Now, sir, I do not know how much the Senator
proposes to strikeout.
Mr. BRIGHT. All after the word " hereto-
fore " i
Mr. MASON. Senators who have read the
report will find that the object of the committee j
was, and they thought it was in accordance with i
the judgment of the Senate, to make the organi- ;
zatfon of the Senate permanent, to have an effi- 1
cient body of officers to assist them in thedis-i
charge of their public duties, and to remove from ;
the Senate every inducement or desire to keep its
organization unsettled by the introduction of new ;
officers from session to session, or from Congiess :
to Congress. .
We know, sir, that the practice of the (jrovern-
ment, in its various departments, has been, upon
a new accession to power, to change all the sub-
ordinates, ail the ministerial officers, not because |
they have been inefficient men, but solely and sim-
ply to put in others who wanted the places. It is to
prevent the introdution of that practice into the
Senate, that the committee have recommended the
permanent character of the organization. _ j
Sir, no Senator, who has been in the discharge
of his duties herelorig enough to know the practice
of the Senate, and what is required of Senators,
can fail to be impressed with the exceeding im-
portance to him, in the discharge of his duties,,
and to the public who are to be benefited by that |
discharge, of having a competent body of officers 1
in the Senate, men who are trained and educated
in the Senate, who know where to find what yon
want, how to give you information when you want
it, and where to direct you to it. It is highly im-
portant to al! the Senators, and more especially to
Senators when they come here for the first time, i
The fear was, that unless the power of removal
was in someway restrained, the officer having the
power of appointment might at times feel himself j
coerced to remove some of the employees in his ,
department to put m others who wanted the places, i
and who, ninety-nine times in a hundred, would j
be incompetent in the discharge of their duties. ;
It was for that reason, to keep the organization J
of the Senate permanent, that the feature was j
introduced by the committee; but if the Senator I
desires to carry out his idea properly, 1 suggest to j
him not to stnke out the whole of the last clause, I
but only so much of it as makes the removal de- i
pendent upon the approval or disappioval of the ;
Presiding Officer.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 15noes 19.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to offer an amendment, ;
which i presume will not be objected to. 1 see
that, in the resolution, the clerk in the office of !
the Secretary of the Senate, is designated by the j
word " principal cietk," and then we come to ;
" executive cleik." 1 move to insert tne word
" principal " before " executive." ;
Mr. MASON. My impression, though I may 1
be wrong, is that theie is but one executive clerk j
by that name, if 1 am wrong, he may be called
" principal executive clerk." The Secretary can
inform the Presiding Officer how it is.
Mr. RUSK. It will do no harm to make the
amendment, if there is only one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that there is but one.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT The ob|ect of the leport of
the committee was undoubtedly lefortn. I desire
in this body from time-immemorial until the lass
four years. It is to give to the Senators who-
come here the privilege of selecting their own
officers.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will allow
me to say that the Senator from Indiana is mis-
taken. The original rule of the Senate was other-
wise, and was the rule which now obtains. It
was altered, according to my impression, some
twenty years ago, or more. For thirty years sincc
the organization of the Senate the rule was as it is
now, and the rule has been put back to the original
condition of things. This is a proposition to de-
part from the original condition of things that now
prevails, and adopt the intermediate regulation.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am responsible for the truth
of my statement, so far as my memory runs back.
Mr. BADGER. Of coursc.
Mr. BRIGHT. As long as my memory runs
back, the rule was as I have-stated,, until it was
altered at the time I have indicated.
Mr, PEARCE. The Senator from North Car-
olina is undoubtedly right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
to discuss this subject now, as the call of the roll
has commenced.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 21, nays S25; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biipht, Brodhead, Cass, Dodge
of Wi.-eonsip, Tlodfje, of fuiva, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Norris. Pettit, Rusk, Shields,
Slid ell, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, Walker, Welter, and Wit-
ham?—01.
• NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, BHI, Ken-
f'lfin Brown, Hutler. Clay, Clayton, l)av\ ^on, Evans, Fes-
'senden, tvii, Fil/.patncli. Pool, Geyer, Ilimter, Johnson,
Pearee, (ioek\veli,Thomp-on of Kentucky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
j The resolutions were then adopted. ,
Mr. MASON. There is one matter which, I
j suppose, will pass, as a matter of course, after the
to offer another amendment which 1 deem it my ;j uc 0ptjon „f these resolutions. I refer to the joint
duty to offer, though 1 cannot say that 1 have j res()|ull0n of the House.
much hope that it will pass; but as it contains
principle, I shall insist on a vote upon it. My
proposition is further to amend the resolution by
providing that the Secretary, and the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and Doorkeeper shall be elected at the com-
mencement of each Congress. ^
Mr. GWIN. Al the first session of each Con- ■
gress. |
Mr. BRIGHT. At the first session of each ;
Congress. 1 am against life estate in place. I !
do not intend to indicate by that that 1 am dissat-
isfied with any officer whom we have. I am not,
for they are generally good officers. My amend-
ment is to add:
At Iho commencement of the fiist session of each Coil-
Cress, theie shall he eleele.l a Secretary, and Serguant-at-
Amis, and Dooikeeper by the Senate.
Mr. MASON. There may be reasons in favor
of that proposition, but in my judgment, at least,
the reasons against it are insuperable These offi-
ces are valuable offices, not in emolument only,
but in dignity. But they are valuablealso in emol-
ument in the eyes of oflice-seekeis; and if the Sen-j
ate determine to go into an election of these officers
at each Congress, the effect of it will be, that those
outside, who are seeking office, will consider it a ;
proclamation for proposal, and they will come ;
here and besiege the door of the Senate Chamber
from all quarters, and their respective friends, to j
turn out the existing officers. Now, sir, I will not
repeat what I said before, as to the gieat import-
ance to the Senate of preserving an efficient organ-
ization. But what will be the efficiency if the
principal officers, those who are responsible for
the execution of the duties of all, are changed
from time to lime? I hope it will not be done. |
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask the Senator from
Indiana if the officers named in his amendment
constitute all the officers who are subject to elec-
tion by the Senate ?
Mr. BRIGHT. They are the officers who,
until the last four years, I believe, were elected at
the opening of each Congress.
TheSecretaiy proceeded to call the yeas and
nays on the amendment, and Mr. Adams an-
swered "yea."
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to make a statement
before the vote is taken. I wish to say that 1
meiely propose to reinstate a rule that has existed
Mr. DAWSON. Is thereanything in the report
of the committee refusing extra pay hereafter?
Mr. MASON. The joint resolution fixes that. I
am directed by the select committee, to whom was
referred the joint resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives,'in relation to fixing the compensation
of the employees in the legislative department
of the Government,and to prohibit the usual extra
compensation to such as receive the benefits hereot?
to report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage, and I ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution as m Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to resolve that the officers, clerks,
messengers, and other employees of the legislative
department of the Government, shall be paid an
increased compensation of twenty per cent, upon
the compensation now received by them respect-
ively; and the messengers of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall not receive less than is allowed to
the messengers of the Senate, of the same class;
such increased compensation to commence from
the 1st of July, 1853; and that a sum sufficient to
pay the same to the 30th June, 1855, be hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropiiated; but that no person
, whose compensation was increased by the act ap-
1 proved April 22, 1854, shall be benefited by this
joint resolution. The usual extra compensation
! shall not hereafter be allowed to any person re-
! ceiving the benefit of this joint resolution.
j The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
| without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
! read a third time, and passed.
I Mr. MASON subsequently said: There is a
verbal amendment necessary in the resolutions
j adopted this morning in reference to the organiza-
! tion of the officers of the Senate, in order to con-
] form to the existing appellation of one of the offi-
II cers. The resolutions speak of "the executive
,1 clerk." I discover that it should be " the princi-
|1 pal executive clerk." I ask unanimous consent
to have the alteration made.
There being no objection, the alteration was
ordered to be made.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
