1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES,
mm
announcing that they had passed a bill creating a
collection district in New York, to be called the
district of Dunkirk, and constituting Dunkirk a
port of entry, and the ports of Barcelona, Silver
Creek, and Cattaraugus Creek, poits of delivery;
ill which they asked tne concurrence of the Senate.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BADGER. J ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the motion which I
submitted the other day,to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate passed the bill to provide for the
construction of a subterranean line of telegraph
from the Mississippi or Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust the Senator from
North Carolina will not press his motion; but let
us proceed to the consideration of the homestead
bill.
Mr. BADGER. I will say to the Senator from
Iowa that 1 do not move this with any view of
interfering with the special order; but 1 felt it due
to the friends of this measure, as t had moved its
reconsideration, that it should be early brought to
the attention of the Senate. I do not suppose it
■will give rise to discussion, but call be disposed of
in a short time.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall vote to give the home-
stead bill the preference over any measuie that
may be called up for consideration, and that has
been my course since this measure was brought
up for consideration. I desire to state, however,
that 1 shall ask an hour of to-morrow morning,
for the purpose of considering the bill reported,
from the Committee on Finance, providing tor th^
distribution of the debt of Texas. I give this notice
that Senators may be prepared.
Mr. BADGER. I will say further to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, that if this question shall give rise
to such discussion as is likely to interfere with the
homestead bill, I will consent to its being passed
over.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will not oppose the
motion under such circumstances.
Mr. RUSK. The motion will evidently lead to
some debate. The subject was considered for a
considerable length of time, and the bill was passed;
but if tne motion to reconsider be agreed to, it will
again become a subject-matter ot discussion. 1
desire to say a few woids on it myself; but I do
not wish to encroach on the time allotted for the
special order.
The motion was not agreed to.
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA ACT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. AniMsin
the chair.) The hour having arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order, the homestead
bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. PETTlT. As the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Chase,] who objected to the consideration
of the resolution which 1 offeied on Saturday, is
now in his place, I ask that it may be taken up.
1 refer to the resolution to print ten thousand
copies of the Kansas and Nebraska act, ceitified
by the Secretin y.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can only
be done by postponing the special older.
Mr. PETTlT. Then I move to postpone it
for that put pose. 1 j
Mr. STUART. I shall have no objection to P
that, if it does not lead to debate.
Mr. PETTIT. It will not lead to debate with j
me, and 1 do not think there can be any. :j
Mr. STUART. If it leads to any debate, I |
shall ask to have it laid aside. I
Mr. CHASE. I am m favor of taking up the ji
resolution, unless the friends of the homeste-id bill i
press that. If they do, I shall go.ns I have done j>
all along, with the friends of that bill. j
Mr. PETTIT. I have waived calling up this i:
resolution two or three times in consequence of [
the absence of the Senator from Ohio; but now j
that he has come in, 1 hope the Senate will take jj
up the resolution. i
Mr. CHASE. 1 have no further objection to ■
make to it, except so far as it may interfere with j,
the homestead bill. I shall vote against anything j:
antl everything that interferes with that bill. I j
have suggested to the Senator from Indiana, that ^
his resolution would probably be adopted without
debate, provided he accepted an amendment requir-
ing the publication of the several amendments pro-
posed, and voted upon by yeas and nays, from
time to time, which, I am assured by one of the
clerks who has investigated the matter, will not
make more than ten or eleven pages of the Jour-
nal, and is quite as important to the understanding
of the whole matter as the bill itself. It the Sen-
ator will accept that, 1 presume the question can
be taken without debate.
Mr. PBTI'IT. 1 shall not accept it. That will
make a large volume, as 1 am told by theSecieiary.
it. must necessarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theqoestion
is on the motion or' the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. STUART. I understand the Senator from
Ohio to signtfyhis disposition to proposean amend-
ment, and to discuss the resolution of the Senator
from Indiana. In that event I -shall object to
taking up the^resolution.
The motion was not agreed to.
message FROM the president.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidne Webster, his
Secretary, announcing that he had thb day ap-
proved and signed the following acis:
An act to corifii ui the claim ot Wllham H. Hen-
derson and Roljeit Henderson to five hundred
acres of land in the Bastrop grant;
| An act for thsnehef of Juan M. and Jose L.
I Luco; and
[ An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
brig Amelia, by the name of Abby Frances.
HOMESTEAD bill.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideiation of the House bill "to j
rant a homestead of one hundted and sixty acres ]
Fof the public lands to actual settleis," the pending
j question being on the amendment of Mr. Clay,
] as modified at the suggestion of Mr. Slideli., to
! insert in the sixth section, afier the woid " filed,"
i the words " within sixty days from the passage
| of this act," so as to requne unnatui alized for-
j eigners to file, within sixty days, a declaration of
I intention to become citizens, m order to be entl-
i tied to the benefits of the act.
' Mr. CLAY. I proposeto withdrawthatamend-
! merit. I understand, upon conference with some
j of the friends of this bill, that it h ts been concluded
j by them to offer an amendment to the entire bill,
land if lam not mistaken in the intent and purpose
of the friends of tlie measure, 1 can myself accept
the amendment which ihey propose to offer in
\ lieu of the bill. 1 understand that u proposes
] the principle ot the graduation of the public lands,
and will thereby obviate the necessity of consider-
' ing the bill which has been reported by the Coni-
- mittee on Public Lands for that purpose, i un-
' derstand that it proposes fur tiler to reduce the price
• of the public lands, which I earnestly desire to see
l accomplished.
| I am told too that it proposes to cede the public
! lands upon certain conditions to the new States
: within which they he, which I also heaitily dtsire
\ t) see passed by the Senate. Hence, sir, appiov-
in<* the ineasui e which I understand will he offered
asa substitute fm the bill now under consideration,
i I will withdraw that amendment. j
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'amend-;
merit being withdrawn, the qui stton recuison the ,
Ij motion of the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clay- j
:i ton] to strike out the sixth section of the bill. |
j' Mr. BA.DGER. Does the Senator propose to j
insert anything in lieu ot it?
i Mr. CLAYTON. Not yet.
|j Mr. DOUGH, of Iowa. Let the section be
read as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
i' " Sec. 6. Jlnd be U further enacted. That if any free j
[ wlnlv prison now a resident of any one of the hl.uen or
i' and not a citizen of lh« United Slates, hut at ,
i the lime of making *nc!i acqui>inon to, lite benefit ot tins ;
act, shall have filed a declaration or lntfntron a-- r*qmn*d
b\ the jinfuralizHtinii law^ ot thp United J?triU:-\ and shall j
become a citizen ot the same beiore the i^uane<- ot'the pat ;
ent as made and provided for Tit this act, shall he plae« d j
unon an equal footing with ih > nattv«.h« rn citizen o  the ,
United Stale*.: Pio>i<ted, That th« benefits ot tin- act shall
not extend o the childn n.heir-, or devisees of atien>, horn
out of the United States, whoaie twenty one years of age5>,
until thev shall file Uu-if declaration to become citizen*.  t ,
 he United ^tate-: Flooded fiathei, That foreign horn >
nerson* who tail to become citizens within six year> trom j
the date ot their declaration of intension to become -o Msall j
lot-e all ri«ht* tinder ihis act. And if any per>on of the age |
or" sixteen year- and upwards, bom in ilie United States, ,
shall, before amvnm ai the age of twenty one \ear*, make ■
benefit ot ibis act, he s-hall he entitled !
Mr. FOOT. Before the vQte is taken, I- desire
to say that, on this question,. I hava. paired-off,
with the absent Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Se-
bastian.] •
Mr, STUART. I wish the Secretary to-,read
what is proposed to be inserted uiplstce of the sixth
secuon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now
thlrebT:"pnai!e1 hoi- eie,-, That no patent shall i«ue in ;
favor of tueh aftilicat.t before he shall have attained tlie i
age ot twenty-oae."
no proposition to insert. ,
Mr. STUART. Certainly the Chair .decided
the other day, and very correctly, that a motion to
strike out and insert was not divisible; and thattha
question must be taken on the whole proposition:
oiigmally submitted by the Senator from Dela^
ware, to strike out the sixth section, and insert a
provision in lieu of it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I withdraw the proposition,
to insert.
Mr. STUART. I believe that could not bs
withdrawn without unanimous consent, and that
was not given.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, it was given. -
Mr. STUART. The Senator fpore Indiana
[Mr. Bright] was occupying the chair  t the time,-
and I asked him myself if the amendment was-
withdrawn, and he said not.
Mr. CLAYTON. The proposition to insert;
was withdrawn three or four days ago, and. the.
motion now is to strike out. I mean to offer-,
another proposition afterwards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The recollec-
tion of the Chair is, that the Senator from De'a-
waie signified his desire to withdraw that portion
of his amendment which proposed to insert, at
the same time giving notice that he would,oner it
again if the motion to strike out prevailed
Mr. STUART. I recollect distinctly what oc-
curred at the time. I was standing at the s de of, „
the Chair, when the Senator from Delaware made
the suggestion. I inquired of the Chair if it was
done. He said, no. 1 asked htm if it emild be
done upon the motion of the Senator, without the
unanimous consent of the Senate; and he sjaid, no,
because the yeas and nays had been ordered upon
it. That is what occurred at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair was not presiding at the-
time; but he is of the opinion that the question,
now issesttnply on the motion to strike out.
Mr. BADGER. As to the suggestion, that
after the yeas and nays have been ordered, it re-
quires the unanimous consent to withdraw the
amendment, it is certainly not so under the i ule.
That rule was amended to its present form while
the late Vice President of the United States was our
Presiding Officer. Hedecid.d the question when it
once arose in the Senate. He held that the words
11 without leave of the Senate" applied to all the
previous matter, and, therefore, if'the Senate con-
sented, it could be withdrawn if the yeas and.nays
were ordered.
Mr. FISH. I desire to say that upon this vote
and upon this bill, my colleague, [Mr. Seward,]
having- been compelled to leave the citv, mined off
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Coop-^
er.) My colleague would have voted against the
amendment.
The question being; taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 29:
YEA? Me-s-rs. Adam*, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brodhead Buih-r, Cl\y, Olaymn, D iw-o , Evan-, FtfZ-
pairiek, Gever. Hamlin, Htwt-r, Mason, Nornff, Pearce,
Thomn-oii of K>inuckv, and William-'—19. *
NAYc*—Mef-ru. Allen, Atehis-on, Bnyhf, Rrown, CaPS,
Clui-e Dixon. Dodae of Wisconsin, Dodge, of Iowa, Doug-
la-. FesVeiirifif, Fi*h Gillette, Gwin, James, Johnson, Jones
or Iowa, Jones of Tenn^re. Roc15rw'Ji, 
fcHnicll, Siurirt, Sumner, Ttfomfos,! oucey, Wade, Walker,
and VVeller—39.
So the motion to strike out the section was not
agreed to.
Mr STUART. With an earnest desire to bring
the consideration of this subject to a close at the
earliest possible time, and after considerable con-
sultafion upon the subject, i proposeto offer what
I hold in my han(Las a substitute for this bill.
Mr. BROVVN. I object to the offering of the.
substitute, until the bill has been perfected by;
sections. ,
Mr. STUART. \ have the right to offer it.
Mr BROWN. I do not think the Senator has
the right to offer it*, but if a substitute is in order,
I have already a substitute pending. I gave notice
three months a^o^and before any amendment was. i
offered, of my intention to propose a subst-Hute,
