202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
satisfied it will be disposed of sooner in that way
than any other.
Mr. FLORENCE. T think I have the right to
the floor upon my motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am entitled to the floor,
and I intend to occupy the time of the House, if
in order; and I will not permit gentlemen here to
interfere with the rights which belong to me as a
member of this House, representing a part of the
independent constituency of this Union. I come
here to perform the duties to my people and to
myself which devolve upon me; and as I stand
here on this eighteenth day of January, represent-
ing a oonstituency such as I represent, actuated
by the best impulses of my nature, so far as my
humble abilities will permit, I intend to be the
representative of that constituency. I will not
permit gentlemen to interfere with my rights and
privileges upon this floor, and I give notice to that
effect now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania shall certainly be protected in his rights,
so far as the Chair is concerned.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no doubt of it; and
I return my (hanks for the kindness of the Chair.
I have been the recipient of that uniform kindness
heretofore, and 1 take this occasion to acknowl-
edge the same.
I say that a communication of this kind requires
consideration at the hands of the House, and
should be read, as well as every other communi-
cation which involves a large expenditure of the
public money; for the reason that when a propo-
sition is made upon this floor, involving the ex-
penditure of money, such as I conceive it my
duty to vote for, I may not be charged with a
desire to promote extravagant expenditures of that
money.
I desire to hear what the Superintendent of the
Public Printing has to say. 1 believe this commu-
nication will convey to the House a difference of
,opinion, which I understand to exist between the
Public Printer and the Superintendent of the Public
Printing in relation to. the construction of a law.
As I had the honor to participate in a debate upon
this floor, and advocated an amendment to the act
providing for the election of a Public Printer, I
thought this would be a proper time to consider a
suggestion of the kind contained in that commu-
nication. This is the reason why I desire to have
the communication read, in addition to the fact
that it communicated to this House a knowledge
of the amount of money required for the public
printing for the next year.
I'have no other object in view. I desire, as I
said before, to vote understanding^ upon all sub-
jects that may be presented here. I do not occupy
a very eligible seat in the House to hear, and
other gentlemen are better situated, as far as the
position of a seat is concerned. I desire to have
communicated to me such information as I can
get; and I can get it better from the Clerk's desk,
when the Clerks are reading communications, than
I can get in any other way. In conclusion, in
making the remarks I have, I disclaim any per-
sonal reference to my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Piielfs,] or any other gentleman. I only desire
to present myself fairly before the House and the
country; and as, under the rules, 1 have to give
notice when I have bills to present, I give that
notice in regard t'o this matter, that I intend to oc-
cupy the position that my constituents, when they
sent me here, intended that X should occupy—and
they area very generous people, too.
Mr, PIIELPS. One word of explanation.
The gentleman expressed his desire to have the
communication read at the Clerk's desk, in order
that he might understand its subject matter. The
reading of that communication was commenced,
and it shows that instead of covering estimates for
the expense of printing for the ensuing fiscal year,
it covers estimates for the deficiencies of printing
of the fiscal year which expires on the 1st of June
next. Some two or three thousand dollars only
are to be expended, and the communication covers
some three or four pages, which I supposed no-
body wanted tohearread when I made the motion
to print. I therefore move that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider which I made, because the explanation ;
of the gentleman is perfectly satisfactory. It is i
because I hold so ineligible a seat in the Hall, that I
did not hear quite as distinctly as I' should like!
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
withdrawn. The question now is upon recom-
mitting the following resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That a Select Committee, composed of nine
members on the part of the House of Representatives, be
appointed by the Speaker, to join such committee as may
be appointed t>y the Senate, to whom shall be referred said
resolutions proposing to amend the Constitution in the
mode of electing a President and Vice President of the
United States, with instructions to take that matter and the
subject generally into consideration, and to report upon the
same in such manner as to them may seem most expe-
dient.
Mr. McMULLTN. I withdraw the motion I
submitted yesterday to recommit this report to the
committee, with a view to enable its friends to
amend it. It is due to the House, and also to the
committee, to state that I was laboring under a
mistake as to the character of that report. I have
no objection to the adoption of the resolution. I
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and I also withdraw the motion to recommit. 1
move the previous question upon the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. ^Vould it be in order
now to move an amendment to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not until the demand for
the previous question is disposed of.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, 60 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Wheeler, were appointed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me that this
resolution is not sufficiently understood. I call
for its reading.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read,
unless objection be made.
Objection was made, and it was not read.
The question was then put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and the tellers
reported—ayes 89, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to this resolution
in its present form, and therefore move to lay it
upon the table; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nay's.
The yeas ana nays were not ordered, only
eleven voting therefor.
The question was then put, and the Speaker
decided it to be carried in the negative.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The call comes too late.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question now recurring upon the passage
of the resolution,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Upon seconding the demand for the yeas and
nays, only 25 rose in the affirmative.
Mr, DEAN. I demand tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, only 12 voting there-
for. &
The question was then put; and the resolution
was adopted.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTERS, ETC.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make an addition to the
resolution which has just been adopted, directing
the select committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing for the election by the people
of postmasters and collectors of the revenue.
The SPLAKER. To what does the gentleman
from New York propose it as an amendment?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will offer it as a res-
olution to be refei red to the select committee,
which has just been raised by the adoption of that
resolution.
Mr. PARKER. I object; and I move to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
m The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I give notice that, as
soon as a proper opportunity presents itself, I
shall offer the resolution which I have indicated.
Mr. PARKER. I desire to say that it is my
own wish, and that of the Judiciary Committee,
that the Chair, in appointing the select committee
provided for in the resolution just passed, will
have no reference to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr RICHARDSON. I call for the regular
orderof business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
FEDERAL COURTS IN EASTERN VIRGINIA.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask theunanimous
consent of the House to enable me to introduce a
resolution of a local character.
Several Members. Read it for information.
The Clerk read the resolution; as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law
for the holding of semi-annual terms of the federal courts
for the eastern district of Virginia, and for the city of Alex-
andria hereafter; and that the committee report by bill or
otherwise,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the intro-
duction of that resolution. If this irregular sys-
tem^ is adopted, we shall never transact the public
business
Mr. RICHARDSON. I insist upon the regu-
lar order of business.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to linow if the ap-
propriation bills reported yesterday from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
are not, as unfinished business, the regular order
now ?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Not during the morning
hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the attention of the
Chair to that point.
The SPEAKER. It has been customary here-
tofore to take up such bills after the expiration of
the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not consume the time
of the House further than to say that, according
to my recollection, the practice has been, without
any variation, that a motion to recommit bills re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union keeps them before the House
as unfinished business, and bills in such a position
have always been taken up as unfinished business.
Under the decision of the Speaker, they would
go to the Speaker's table, and there is no telling
when they would be reached. The motion to re-
commit was made for the express purpose of
keeping the bills from the table.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. They will come up after
the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. Bills in such a position have
always been taken up heretofore during the morn-
ing hour.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
reports from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union are first in order after the morn-
ing hour. That, according to the recollection of
the Chair, is in accordance with the practice of
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I submit to the Chair
that the practice has been just the reverse.
_Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Those appropriation
bills were made the special order for to-day, on
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.]
REPORT FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed:
" A bill for the relief of the executors of the
late Lieutenant John E. Bisphan."
Mr. SEYMOUR, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
" A bill, in addition to an act, to establish the
judicial courts of the United States.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affans, reported "A bill to promote the
efficiency of the Army by retiring disabled offi-
cers;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BISSELL, from the same committee, le-
