1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. STUART. I certainly have the right to
offer a substitute at any time when I can get the
Sour for that purpose; and then any Senator has
the right to piopose amendments to the original
bill before the question is taken upon the substi-
tute. There can be no doubt of my construction
of the rules upon the subject.
Mr. BROWN. I wish, before the Chair de-
cides-that question, to recall to mind that more
' than two months ago I proposed a substitute to
this bill, and sent it to the Secretary's desk, where
I suppose it has been lying ever since. It is cer-
tainly m advance of the one which the Senator
proposes this morning. A few days ago, too, I gave
notice of the substitute which 1 had laid upon the
Secretary's desk and had printed,and upon which
I had the honor at some length to address the
Senate. 1 think it has precedence of the substi-
- tute now proposed, which is not now in order,
because it cannot be considered until we shall per-
fect the bill. I have a very important amendment
here to offer to the bill itself.
Mr. STUART. This question of order, which
has incidentally come up, may, I think, be dis-
posed of \ery easily. The Senator from Missis-
sippi, as he suggests, has given notice of his
intention to offer a substitute for the bill. He has
not offered it at this time. The Journals of the
Senate do not show that he has offered it. He has
only given notice of his intention to do so. Now,
sir, 1 have the floor and propose to offer a substi-
tute for the bill, and that certainly is in order.
After it is offered any Senator can ofier amend-
ment^) the original bill, and no matter how many
they may be they must all be disposed of before
the question is taken on the substitute. That is
certainly parliamentary law, and according to the
  rules of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I respectfully suggest that all
that the Senator can do at this stage of the pro-
ceedings, is to give notieeof his intention to intro-
duce the substitute. He cannot move it until we
have perfected the bill, because if he does, all
amendments must come in as amendments to the
substitute. We have the right to move an amend-
ment, and then an amendment to an amendment.
If then the substitute be the pending amendment,
the amendments offered must be to the substitute,
and to nothing else. The Senator may file his
notice of intention to do this, but he cannot do it
until we have gone through with the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe it is the invariable
practice of the Senate to move a substitute which
is in the nature of an amendment. It cannot be
moved as long as there is an amendment pending,
but when there is no amendment pending, a sub-
stitute may be moved. That, however, does not
take away the right of other persons to move to
perfect the bill before the vote is taken on the sub-
stitute.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, go on.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to inquire of (he Chair
•whether, if the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan is entertained, I can then offer an amendment
to the original bill?
Several Senators. Certainly.
The FRESCOING OFFICER, (Mr. Adams in
the chair.) The Chair will state what he under-
stands to be the correct rule. The bill may be
perfected by every amendment that may be pro-
posed bjt. a Senator. At any time that a Senator
obtains the door, he may offer a substitute, yet
the substitute cannot be considered until all the
amendments to the original bill are considered.
Then, when that is done, the question of priority
as to the substitutes will fee determined by the
Chair.
Mr. BROWN, Do I understand, then, that
the substitute is introduced, and is now before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; the
Senator from Michigan has obtained the floor,and
has a right to offer his substitute, but it cannot be
considered until all other amendments which may
be offered to the original bill are disposed of.
When such amendments have been disposed of,
the Chair wiii decide which substitute has priority.
Mr. BROWN. Then I wish to move an
amendment to the Senator's amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be considered now.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator has not got his
substitute before the Senate yet, I withdraw it.
Mr. STUART- If the Senate will allow me a
few minutes, I shall say all ! desire to say, and
yield the Moor, I way about saying that, after
considerable consultation with as many Senators
as I could consult upon the subject, and with the
view to accommodate the general sense of the Sen-
ate so far as I can, I offer this amendment in the
nature of a substitute. It embodies substantially
the provisions of the homestead bdl of th*  House,
adding to it the price of twenty-five cents an acre
for the land, except in cases where the land has
been in the market over thirty years, in which case
it is twelve and a half cents. It retains the five
years possession for the purposes of cultivation
before the settler can perfect his title by a patent,
unless he chooses in the mean time to pay the
whole graduated price of the land. Then he may
perfect his title. In respect to the qualifications
of the persons who can take under the homestead
principle—they are to be those who are entitled to
preemption under the laws of the United States,
who, as everybody knows, must be citizens of
the United States, or those who have declared their
intention to become such. That relates to the
Territories. In the States, any person who is
entitled to hold land under the existing law of the
State in which the application is made, may enter
and avail himself of the homestead provision.
The substitute also covers a graduation principle,
such as I stated the other day, in respect to the
length of time the lands have been in the market
and for the purpose of the conduction of rail-
roads or canals, it authorizes the States to take
and receive the lands at the graduated price, and
appropriate them for the construction of the par-
ticular road or canal. That is to be done by the
act of the Legislature at its general session. I
now offer the substitute with the hope that it may
meet the approbation of a majority of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
Mr. G WIN. It is very long. I hope the read-
ing of it at this time may be dispensed with.
Mr. STUART. I ask that it may be printed,
so that, in case we do not get to a vote to-day, we
may have it printed for our use to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN." i ask for the reading of the
first section of the substitute.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"That the minimum price of the puhlic lands of the
United States shall remain unchanged until the commence-
ment nf the fiscal year, beginning July 1,1855, and after that
period the price shall be reduced aeeoidmgtothetollowing
scales: All lands which shall have been offered at public
sale, and lemaimng unsold five year-!, shall be reduced to the
price of one dollar per acre; all lands which have been
offered at public s>ale, and remaining unsold ten years 
Mr. BROWN. That is enough. I move to
amend by striking out all after the word, " that,"
and inserting wh it I send to the Chair.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to understand
whether the order to print the^substitute was made
by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was not taken; but if there be no objection, the
order will be made. The motion to "amend the
substitute cannot be considered until the original
bill is perfected.
Mr. TOUCEY. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not under
consideration yet.
Mr. HUNTER. Has the substitute not been
offered by the Senator from Michigan ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
offered, but it has been indicated that there are
amendments still to be proposed to the original
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Still it is pending as an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But as a sub-
stitute it cannot be considered until all amend-
ments to the original bill have been disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. It^is true that such amend-
ments have precedence, but still th>s is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
case; but it cannot be considered yet.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "that,"
m the first line, and inserting what I send to the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not in
order at this time.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly, if it is in order to
move an amendment, it is tn order to move an
amendment to the amendment. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that any Senator may offer a substitute
to the whole bill, but that substitute cannot be
considered in any way until the bill is perfected.
After the amendments for the perfection of the
original bill have been disposed of, the substitute
pending as an amendment, comes up for consid-
eration.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to offer an amendment
to the original bill. Is it in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Presiding Officer to
keep some order in the Chamber. It is absolutely
impossible for Senators to hear anything which is
announced by the Chair, or by any member. I
omitted to make some remarks in a proper place,
which I should have made, on that account.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The noise and confusion
is principally in the galleries and lobbies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
request Senators to hold their conversation else-
where, or the incumbent of the Chair will not pro-
ceed with business until order can be preserved.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make an in-
quiry with regard to a point of order. I want to
know of the Chair whether the substitute of the
Senator from Mississippi, which was offered some-
time since, is not in order before the substitute of
the Senator from Michigan ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
State to the Senator that neither is in order. Both
m^y be offered, but neither can be voted upon
: until the amendments to the original bill shall be
disposed of.
I|U Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I am in favor of
■ Twie original bill as it came from the House, i
h?ive been opposed to any amendments to that bill.
When amendments were proposed a few days ago,
I did not vote upon them, because I was not here;
but if I had been here I should have voted against
them, because lam opposed to amending the bill
at all. It may not be a perfect bi'l, such a one as
I should prefer if I had the forming of it, but it is
a bill sent to us from the House, and I wish to
pass.it as it is.
But, Mr. President, inasmuch as the bill has
been amended, I wish to offer two amendments,
which I presume will make it more acceptable to
a number of the members of the Senate; and if
those amendments be adopted, which are offered
by me as a friend of the bill, to perfect it, to make
it more acceptable to the Senate, then 1 intend to
contest, and I hope successfully, against the sub-
stitute offered by the Senator from Michigan.
The proposition which I make is to strike out the
words " free of cost " in the first section, and in-
sert in lieu of them " at twenty-five cents an acre,
payable when the patent shall have issued." The
section will then read:
That any free white persons who is the head of a fam-
ily, or who ha? arrived at the age of twenty-one year*, and
is a citizen of the United States shall, from and alter the
passage of this act, be entitled to enter at twenty five cents
an acre, payable when the patent shall have issued, one
quarter section," See.
My object in offering this amendment is to re-
lieve the consciences of some gentlemen who think
it is not constitutional to give away the public
domain. That does not influence me very much;
but 1 am willing to have this amendment made so
as to get clear of this objection, which operates
upon some members of this body very seriously.
The other amendment I propose ism the fourth
section. That section now reads:
:!
; I " That all lands acquired under the provisions of this aet
H shall in no event becomc liable to the s-ahstaciion of any
jj debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing of the patent
' therefore."
I move to strike out the word " contracted,"
so that it will read:
Ck That all lands acquired under the provisions of this act
shall in no event become liable to the satisfaction of any
debt or debts prior to the issuing of the patent therefore."
The object is, that, when the patent has issued,
the lands shall be subject to debts, whether con-
tracted before or after the issuing of the patent.
That is another objection to the bill which 1 wish
to obviate. I hope these amendments will be
adopted without opposition, in order that we may
be prepared to combat the substitute offered by the
Senator fiom Michigan.
Mr, BRODHEAD. Mr. President,I intended
to offer similar amendments to those now submit-
ted by the honorable Senator from California. I
intended to offer an amendment to fix the price at
fifty cents; and I now moveto amend the amend-
