1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
ported " A bill for the relief of the United States
troops who were sufferers by the recent disaster
to the steamship San Francisco;" which was read
a first and second time by its title.
The bill was then read through. It provides
that there shall be paid, under the direction of the
President of the United States, to each of the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, who, on the 21st day of December, 1853,
embarked at New York under orders for Califor-
nia, on the steamship San Francisco, and who was
on board that vessel on the occasion of her recent
disaster at sea, a sum equal in amount to his pay
and allowances for four months; and also, that if
either of the above shall have died before receiving
such payment, from any cause consequent upon
said disaster, his widow, if any survive him, or,
if not, then his minor children, if any there be,
shall be paid a sum equal in amount to six months'
pay and allowances of the deceased.
Mr. BISSELL. Silence, such as shall allow
members of the House one moment's time for re-
flection, will be, I am sure, the most effective
speech that could be made upon this subject. It
is the only one that I propose to make. I move
that the bill be now put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and reftd
a third time; and being read a third time, it was
passed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Military-
Affairs, reported the following bill: which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day. for to-morrow, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed:
"A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen McKay,
widow of the late Colonel K. McKay, Deputy
Quartermaster General of the United States
Army."
Mr. HOWE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of D. C. Cash and Giles
U. Ellis; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
Mr. FAULKNER, from the same committee,
reported back without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill authoriz-
ing the payment of the balance of property accounts
between the United States and the State of New
York, for military stores in the war of 1812;
which was read, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the same committee,
presented a report adverse to the petition of Cap-
tain H.'B. Fields; which was ordered to be laid
on the table, and printed.
On motion by Mr. ETHERIDGE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affaire be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
James Sweet, and th.it the same be laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered That the Committee on Naval Affairs he dis-
charged from the further cons-ideiation of the petition of
Joseph Ayrcs, and that the baine he laid on the table, and
printed.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered, That the Committee* on Naval Affair* he di*- i
char<*cd troni the further consideration of Senate bill for the ;
relief of Major Caleb Swan, and that the same berefeired i
to Hie Committee on Military Affairs. 1
Mr. MACDONALD, from the Committee on j
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
John O. Mears; which was read, and referred to j
the Committeeof the Whole House, and ordered ,
to be printed. !
On motion by Mr. CR.A1GE, it was j
Ordered. That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be dn c'hargpd fiom the further consideration of the
petition ol the chairman and hoard of .vupervisois. of Cook
county, Illinois ; and that the same be laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. CRAIGE, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on Public Building's and
Grounds he discharged trom the further consideration of
the petition and papers of John Skirvtna;, praying leuiuner
atiou lor diawing plans tor, and superintendence ot the
alteration*' at the old jail, and that the same be referred to
jhe Committee on Commcice.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back a <( Joint resolution
authorizing the accounting officers of the Treasury
to adjust the expense of a board of commissioners,
appointed by the Territorial Assembly of Oregon,
to prepare a code of laws; also, to adjust the ex-
pense of collecting and punting certain laws and
iirchives of the Territory of Oregon;" which was
i-eml by its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This joint resolution
directs the application of money'already appro-
priated, and it is not necessary that it should be
sent to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The bill having been engrossed, it was subse-
quently read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
James Paynter, praying relief on account of his two sons
being killed in battle m the Mexican war ; and also from
the petition of C. H. Smith, Seth Hunt, arid twenty-nine
others, citizens of Albany, to enable pensioners to receive
bounties from the passage of the act of April 24, 1816, and
that the same be laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS also, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, to which was referred the
petition of Pamela Erown, widow of Major Gen-
eral Jacob Brown, deceased, reported a bill for
her relief; which was read by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, an.d ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TWEED, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
titles, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Lyman M. Cook;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Rowe;
A bill for the relief of Emily Hooe; and
A bill for the relief of William B. Edwards.
On motion by Mr. TWEED, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions he
discharged from the further consultation of the. petition |
and accompanying papers of James U'obin^on^ of the State
of Maine, and that the same be laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. TWEED, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition
and papers of Jaines Capen, asking a pen-ion for sei vices
rendered during the war of the Revolution, and that the
same be refeired to the Conumttee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. STRAUB, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged trom the further consideration ot the petition of
Charles Simmons, of Madison, New Jersey, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
printed.
On motion by Mr. SAGE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged trom ihe fmllier consideration of the petition of
Ellas Carpenter, and that the same be laid upon the table.
Mr. STRAUB, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition
ofUriah Hanscom, asking for increase of pension;
which was ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Mr. STRAUB, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition
of J ohn Thompson, praying lor increase of pension-.
which was ordered to he upon the table, and be
printed. I
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Invalid !
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition .
of Jonathan Stuart, praying for compensation for
services rendered m the war of 1812; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed. \
Mr. VAIL. I ask that the papers of James ]
Putnam, upon which a report has been once made !
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions, be again
referred to the committee. Since the former re-
port was made, further evidence in regard to the
case has been presented.
The SPEAKER. It will be so ordered, unless
objection be made.
'Mr. CHRISMAN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of Edward Tracy, Catharine Jacob,and
Thomas Russell; which were ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the morning hour out?
The SPEAKER. It has not quite expired.
Mr. MACE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported bills; which were severally read a firstand
second time by their titles, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, anil ordered to be printed,
as follows:
A bill for the relief of John Hamilton;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod;
A bill for the relief of the Utica Steam Woolen
Company;
Also, a bill for the relief of Gray, McMerdo &
Company.
On motion by Mr. EDGERTON, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the memorial of
theState of Wisconsin, asking for the payment of
a certain claim for arresting and keeping a United
States prisoner, and the accompanying paper con-
taining an extract from the report of the United
States court in the case; and they were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. EDGERTON, the Commit-
tee on Claims was discharged from- the further
consideration of the petition of sundry citizens of
Livingston county, asking that surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 be placed upon the pension
list of the United States; and it was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. E., also,from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made adverse reports in the following peti-
tions; which were ordered to lie upon the table,
and be printed;
The petition of Thomas Copeland, for remuner-
ation for improvements in the G-osport navy-yard;
The petition of Eunice Gilbert, for compensa-
tion for property destroyed in the war of 1812;
The petition of William B. Cozzens, asking
pay for store-house taken from him at Point Isa-
bel, by order of the Quartermaster General; and
The petition of James M. Duckett, asking com-
pensation for property taken by the British in the
war of 1819.
QUINCY, ILLINOIS, A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back "A bill to constitute Quincy,
in theState of Illinois, a port of delivery," and
moved that the same be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This bill was read twice
before it was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. It makes no appropriation, and there is
no necessity for sending it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It simply makes
a port of delivery at a point where it is necessary
that it should be made at once, if it is made at all.
I will state to the House that there is now upon
the road to Quincy a large amount of railroad iron,
to be laid down upon a railroad from that point to
Chicago. It would be a very great convenience to
the railroad company, and to those who are inter-
ested in the road, if they could have this iron de-
livered at that point. If the bill has to go through
the routine of a reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union it will be of no
great importance to them; and really there is no
necessity for such a reference, The bill is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury, and I
apprehend that there can be no objection to its
passage now in any quarter.
Mr. WHEELER. Let the bill be read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois what is the object of having
the bill passed ! What good is to come of it ?
Whatwill be the advantage of it?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why 1 should not
have introduced the bill unless there was some ob-
ject in passing it. I have already stated to the
House that the object is to enable a company who
have now under contract, and are ready, as soon
as navigation opens, to lay down a railroad for
two hundred and forty miles, to have the iron for
that road delivered at Quincy.
1 repeat, that there is no reason whatever why
the bill should go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It makes no appro-
priation, and there can be no objection to it, nor
any reason why its passage should be delayed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Where would this iron have
to be entered if this bill is not passed ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. At New Orleans.
Mr. FULLER. I withdraw the motion to-re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides that
Quincy, in the State of Illinois, shall be, and is
hereby, constituted a port of delivery, subject to
the same regulations and restrictions as other
ports of delivery in the United States; that there
shall be appointed a surveyor of customs to re-
side at said port, who shall, in addition to his
own duties, perform the duties and receive the
/
