1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment of the Senator from California, by striking
out twenty-five cents and inserting fifty cents. My
intention was originally to amend the section by
sinking out the words 4<free of cost," and insert-
ing "for the sum of fifty cents an acre upon the
terms and conditions hereinafter prescribed." I
intended als->,instead of moving to amend the fourth
section as suggested by the Senator from Califor-
nia, to move to strike it out altogether, because we
have no right to pass a bankrupt law for the new
States, and not for the otd ones. I designed further
to move to amend the first section by striking out
('five" and inserting "three," so that, if we charge
fifty cents- an acre, I propose to give a patent at
the end of three, instead of five years. It will
thus be seen that my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia and myself come pretty nearly together,and
that the difference between us, is as to price per
acre to be paid. He proposes twenty-five cents,
and I propose fifty cents. I do not think twenty-five
cents will more than half compensate the Govern-
ment, nor near it; while fifty cents will approxi-
mate to the expenses the Government has been at
in obtaining these lands.
Now, Mr. President, a word in regard to the
suggestion of ihe honorable Senator from Michi-
gan. He has stated to the Senate that the sub-
stitute which he proposes contains the homestead
principle. Why, sir, it is a very different thing
from that. The substitute which he proposes is
the graduation principle. It also makes a grant
of land to the States, and contains a provision for j
railroad companies. But, sir, it makes little differ-
ence to me what it js named, if the friends of the
homestead bill are &(to\xl to abandon that, and call
the graduation principle something else, I 'have no
objection; but 1 should like to have things called
by their right names. The substitute proposed
by the honorable Senator from Michigan does not
contain a single feature of the homestead bill. The
features of his proposition are very different from
those of the homestead bill. His is the gradua-
tion principle. It is the proposition of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia [Mr Hunter] to
cede the lands to the States in winch they he, on \
certain conditions; but as the friends of the home- '
stead bill choose to call the substitute of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan a homestead bill, 1
have no objection; but 1 dissent from the name
which has been given to it by the Senator from
Michigan. I rose, however, for the purpose of
moving an amendment to the amendment of the
honorable Senator from California, to strike out
twenty five cents and insert fifty cents; and upon
that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Though I am not very particular
as to this point, I should rather have the price
fixed at twenty-five cents. That proposition is
offered by me more for the relief of gentlemen of
tender conscience on the subject of the constitu-
tional power of the Government, than for any
other object. I would rather have the price fixed
at ten cents than twenty-five cents, and a great
deal prefer twenty-five to fifty cents.
Sir, in regard to the substitute offered by the
Senator from Michigan, I do not object to the
graduation principle,or to the railroad grants con-
tained in it; but I think the two questions should
be kept separate. If we are going to pass a home-
stead hill, we should pass the one that has been
before us for our consideration. We are at too!
la e a period of the session to introduce new and !
important questions, such as graduating the price ■
of the public lands, and transferring them to the i
States. These are very grave questions. They I
tend to remodel the whole land system of the {
United States, and that is a matter which we i
should approach with great caution and care, and !
we should have plenty of time for the considers
tion of the important points involved.
I know it is a favorite doctiine with represent- j
atives from new S ates to have the whole of the
lands granted to the States in which they lie. I
think, however, it is very doubtful whether that
is good policy. I think it may result in creating
a great corruption fund to debauch the public
men of those States. My experience has taught
me that the best condition of things wecan have in
the States of this Union is to have a poor Govern-
ment and a rich people. I infinitely prefer giving
the public lands away to actual settlers, to giving j
them to the States. But if this bill is to be amend-}
ed so as to do that, I greatly prefer that a restric- i
tion shall be put upon the States to require them
to dispose of the lands to actual settlers
Mr. STUARF. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I desire to make an appeal so
him. The substitute which 1 have offered is not
before the Senate. The appeal which I wish to
make to the Senator is, that he shall offer his
amendments, make such statements as he thinks
necessary in order that the Senate shall understand
them, and let us vote. If we iiscuss every propo-
sition to amend the original bill, this substitute,
arid every>substitute which may be offered, we
shall not come to a vote at this session.
Mr. GWIN. I have delayed this bill as little
as anybody. I am not in the habit of making
long speeches, or rising to points of order, or any-
thing of that sort which is calculated to interrupt
business. All I wish to say is, that I hope the
Senator from Pennsylvania will not offer his
amendment to fix the price at fifty cents an acre.
I prefer to have it fixed at twenty-five cents; and,
inasmuch as he is not recognized as a friend of
the homestead bill, i think he had better let those
who are m favor of the bill perfect it according to
their plans. If he will allow my amendment to
be put in, and then move to strike out twenty-five
and insert fifty, 1 shall be content.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If that could be done, I
should be satisfied; but if twenty-five shall be in-
serted, it will not then be in order to strike it out,
and insert anything else.
Mr. GWIN. Then let us have the vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. This " perfecting" of the bill,
as it is called, is but leading to the defeat of the
bill, in my judgment. In the multiplicity of
amendments which are being offered, we appear
to have lost sight of the original proposition.
Nothing has occurred to my mind, since this bill
came before us, tending to convince or satisfy me
that we cannot pass the bill which came from the
House, with some few amendments. At least I
am unwilling to entertain any proposition which
amounts to a substitute for the bill, until we can
have some vote on the original bill, satisfying me
that a rnajoiity of the Senate is against it.
Now, I should greatly prefer if we were to go
forward and make such amendments as Senators
may think necessary, in order to preserve and per-
petuate the principle contained in the bill as it
came from the House. If we fail in that entirely,
then I shall be willing to take up the proposition
submitted by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, which is understood to be the bill introduced
originally by the Senator from Virginia. That is
the next acceptable pioposition to my mind. But
I think we should expedite business and bring
this question to a close by going forward and per-
fecting the bill, without offering any proposition
that is intended as a substitute. I believe by adopt-
ing that course we can pass the bill as it came
from the House, with but few slight variations.
Mr. GWIN. That is just what I have done;
but the Senator, I understand, accuses me of at-
tempting to defeat the bill. I am trying to perfect
the original bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have understood the Senator
from California to be in favor of the bill as it came
from the House.
Mr. GWIN. So I am, and now offer this
amendment to make it more acceptable to gentle-
men. I am for the bill as itcame from the House.
I have voted against any amendment; but inas-
much as it has been amended, I am willing to
agree to the amendments I now propose, which
wfll give strength to the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from California, as I understand it, is to allow
all persons described in the first section of the bill,
that is, all citizens,native or naturalized,and also
foreigners not naturalized, who come within the
provisions of the sixth section, to enter public
lands by paying twenty five cents per acre, instead
of obtaining them free of cost, as the bill proposes.
This modification he introduces for the reason
that it is necessary to satisfy the consciences of
some gentlemen who think that Congress have
not the constitutional power to give away this
great public domain. Sir, it is not for me to reflect
upon the motives or the opinions of any member
of this body; but it is difficult for me to conceive
how their consciences can be satisfied by so stliall
a provision as this. The Senator has not assigned
a solitary reason—which would satisfy a states-
man—for the project which he has just intro-1
duced; but, in this respect, he does not differ from
any of the advocates of this bill; for, from the be-
ginning to the end, 1 have not heard a single Sen-
tence m the nature of argument, not the semblance
even of an excuse, for the introduction of this great'*
principle, as they call it, of the homestesd bill,
which is to supersede the established policy of the
Government under which this country has grown
great and has prospered most remarkably from
the very beginning. I repeat, I have not heard a
solitary reason assigned for the adoption of this
new principle, unless i must except the general
declaration that the public lands are to be improved
by giving them away.
Sir, when the public lands were ceded by those
States which had claims to them, they were sup-
posed to be a great national estate, to be adminis-
tered justly, prudently, and wisely by the Federal
Government, with a view to the benefit of all the
States of the Union; and in this view it was neces-
sary that we should establish some system under
which they should be sold. The resolution of
October 10, 1780, adopted by the Congress of the
Confederation, declared u that the unappropri-
ated lands that may be ceded or relinquished to the
United States, by any particular State, pursuant
to the recommendation of Congress, &c., shall be
disposed of for the common benefit of the United"
States," &c. Accordingly, in 1781, New York
made her cession, declaring that it shall be and
inure for the use and benefit of such of the United
States as shall become members of the Federal Al-
liance of the said States." In 3784, Virginia, by
her delegates, executed her deed of cession for the
common benefit of the Union, and declared that the
lands so ceded u shall be considered as a common
fund for the use and benefit of such of the United
States as have become or shall become members
of the Confederation or Federal Alliance of ihe said
States, &c., and shall be faithfully and bona fule dis-
posed of for that purpose, and for no other use or
purpose whatsoever." The cessions of the other
States were similar in character and intent. The
land acquired from foreign Powers being purchased
by the common treasure, must also be held for the
common use. In either case, the principle is clear
that the lands must be disposed of bona fide for
the common benefit.
Now, if there is any gentleman here who be-
lieves that we cannot constitutionally give away
the public lands, buft must sell them, why, then,
it must be perfectly clear to him, that while it
would be a gross violation of that principle to put
the lands at so high a price as to prevent their
sale, and to shut them up from public use, so it
would be equally a violation of that principle to
put them down to a price so low as to be far
beneath a reasonable, fair, and moderate valua-
tion. If we are to administer-these lands as a
great national property, in the disposal of which
all the States are to be benefited, and the general
prosperity of the country advanced, we must sell
them neither at exorbitant nor at sham prices. I
think twenty-five cents an acre is a sham price.
We have no more right to squander the lands
under the pretext of selling them, than we have
to prohibit their settlement, and prevent the dis-
posal of them for the common good of the Union,
by fixing the price at an amount which practically
produces this result.
The early policy of the Government in regard to
the public lands was twofold in its objects. The first
object was to turn them into money for the use of
the common Treasury. The second to facilitate
settlement, giving easy terms of purchase to per-
sons residing in the West, and to emigrants who
desired to reside there.
We began, it is true, by fixing two dollars an
acre as the price of the public lands. Afterwards
we reduced that price to one dollar and twenty-
five cents. We went on as rapidly as our means
would permit, and quite as fastas prudence would
justify, in extinguishing Indian title, in doing
which we have paid immense sums. Then we
have provided for the survey of the lands upon a
very beautiful and admirable system by which they
were arranged into townships, into sections, into
quarter sections, and even laid off into parcels as
small as forty acres. Then, after they had been
offered at public sale, and had not been bought in
at the minimum price, we allowed them to be en-
tered at private sale by any individual who thought
proper to do so, at the low rate of one dollar and
twenty-five cents an acre; end at a later period we
