914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
twenty-five cents per aero; but I am confident us
to what will be the result in regard to that \*hich
may remain subject to entry at those prices. It
will ultimately fall into the hands of speculators
instead of those of poorsettler.s.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Skel-#
ton] says that it will draw the poor from the cities
to settle on these lands. Capitalists will purchase
-these lands at twelve and a half cents per acre.
Mr. COBB. I would call the gentleman's at-
tention to the latter clause of the bill, which re-
stricts the entry of any one individual to three
hundred and twenty acres.
Mr. WADE, 'i'hen I am satisfied with the
bill, though dissatisfied with the reasons which
have been given for it.
*'* The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment, it
was put, and the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill.
Mr. COBB I move to amend by inserting,
after the word " until," in the eighth section, the
words, "within thirty days preceding." If that
amendment be adopted, I ahull move to strike out
the words u twelve months," and in lieu thereof
insert the words " eleven months," so that the sec-
tion would read as follows:
Sec. 8 And be it further emu ted, Thai upon every re-
duction in puce, under the piovimoih of this act, the occu-
pant and settler upon rite lands shall have the right ot pre-
emption at Mich graduaud pnee, upon the same tcnus,
conditions, restrictions, and limitation*., upon winch the
public lands ol the I 'nited State*, are now subject tothe right
of preemption, unl'l within thuty da>s preceding the, nevf
giadn.Uion or •eduction *-hall take place; and if not so pur-
chased, shall again he subject to right o( pieeinplion lor
eleven months a*= beioie, and co on horn time to tune, as
reductions take place . i'roit'W, That nothing hi this act
shall be so construct! as to inteifere with any right which
lias or may aceine hv virtue ot any act granting piqyiupuon
to actual heuiets upon public lands.
It will be perceived that the amendment is an
important one. If the settler does not come in
and enter the land withm thirty days of the next
graduation, we open the land to others. We do
not ask for settleiK perpetual preemption. We
do not ask that settlers shall hold their land over
twelve months, other twelve months again, and
so on, until he can get it for twelve and a half'
cents. My amendment, on the failure of the settler
to enter within thirty days of the next graduation,
allows somebody else to come in and enter it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. COBB. To make the section correspond
with the amendment just adopted, I now move to
strike out the words t% twelve months," and in lieu
theieofto insert the words "eleven months."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
TheUlerk proceeded with the reading of the bill.
Mr. COBB. f move to strike from the ninth
section the words " under the provisions of the
eighth and ninth sections of this act." They are
rendered unnecessary by previous amendment.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. Is it in order to
move to strike out the entire section ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not while amendments
are pending for perfecting the section.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, nobody seems
to be much interested in the progress of this
measure; at least it seems to be moving along in
tins committee in a very desultory manner, and
so that no one can tell whether it has more friends
or enemies among us.
I shall, when 1 have spoken briefly in opposi-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman fiom
Alabama, [Mr. Cot;h,J take the first proper op-
portunity to move that the committee do rise and
report the bill to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass. It seems to methat such
amotion is the only one which will develop the
sentiments of the committee in refeience to the
bill.
What possible use can there be in spending fur-
ther time upon this bill? What is to be gained
by it' it for the benefit of the poor and laboring
men of the country that this legislation is needed,
as we are told it is, by gentlemen upon the other
side ofthe House? Why, sir, we have already
passed and sent to the Senate a bill giving the poor
man (nay, and therichtoo) about as much land as
they can occupy, if they will only go and settle
upon it, without the payment of a single cent.
Is this legislation then, for the benefit of the
rich man? No, sir; for the ninth section of this bill
limits the entry of any one man under it (rich or
poor) to three hundred and twenty acres. Then,
sir, I ask for whom are we legislating in this '
bill?
It seems to be agreed, on all sides, that we shall
keep the public lands out of the hands of specu-
lators. Why then, sir, as this bill confines its
piovisions to actual settlers, and in small quanti- 1
ties, why, I ask, shall we foolishly provide that ,
the settler may take at twenty-five cents, fifty j
cents, seventy-five cents, one dollar, or one dollar ;
and twenty-five cents per acre, ns the case may 1
be, when, by the provisions of the homestead bill, 1
we give him the privilege of taking the same lands :
for nothing? Does any one doubt under which;
bill the settler will make his entry? j
The gentleman from NewJeisey [Mr. Skel- '
ton] avers that he will vote for this bill, because
he entertains doubts of the passage of the home-
stead bill in the Senate, declaring that he prefers ;
that bill to this, and will vote for this only, be- j
cause this can be made available to the country, |
if that fails elsewhere. Now, sir, I voted against
that bill; I voted against it very reluctantly. I j
1 was very rieaily poised in my judgment upon ,
the subject of its merits. I am quite willing to j
see that bill become a law. And let me say to the
gentleman from New Jersey, that the best way to ,
secure the passage of that bill in the Senate, is to 1
olFer them no alternative whatever; bur. let them I
know we stand firm upon our judgment m refer- j
ence to that measure. |
There is a bill now on the Speaker's table, sir, |
which lias been postponed to a day ceitain, and !
which day will soon anive, that will open up ail ;
the pending questions m reference to the public !
lands. I itfer to the bill of my colleague, [Mr. |
Bknvett,"] and which bill is known as " Bennett's ,
bill." That bill, sir, and the substitutes and
amendments offered to it by the Speaker, and by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] ;
cover the whole ground. On the discussion of j
the questions there presented, this question of the '
giaduation of price of the public lauds most natu-
rally behrngs. In my opinion, sir, that is the
time when it should be mpt nnd settled.
We ask now, Kir, only ^1 25 per acre for the pub- j
lie lands. That, I submit, is leasonably cheap— 1
cheap enough. More especially is it cheap enough
when any man who is unwiliing to give it can, .
under the homestead bill, take his land for nothing, j
Yes, sir, without paying a single cent. I
Why, sir, it costs me—it costs all of us—two i
acres of land each a day, rated at the pi esent prices,
for our meals and lodging whilst we are legislating
here for the country. Js it not true, sir, either
that we are paying hi^h prices, or the pi ice of land
is very low at the present minimum? I submit to
the committee, sir, we had better go back into the
House with this bill at once, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Mr. C0B15. What amendment does the gen-
tleman from New Yoik propose? I want to op-
pose it, and I think I can answer what the gentle-
man has said very satisfactoiiiy.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York hfia been speaking in opposition to the
pending amendment.
The question was then taken on theamendment;
and it was rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the committee do
now rise and report the bill to the House, with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. CODB. Before that motion is entertained,
I wish to propose onernoie amendment to the
bill;—to strike out the void " perjury" at the end
of the third section.
I am sorry to find my worthy and talented
friend from New York [Mr. Haven] opposing a
measure which, I think, commends itself to eveiy
rational mind. 1 can only excuse him upon this
ground, for 1 know that his heait is right 
Mr. LETCHER. Is the motion of the gentle-
man from New York debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York would not be m order as
Ions: '*s gentlemen have amendments to olTer.
Mr. COBB. J am satisfied that if the gentle-
man from New York had investigated the bear-
ings of this question, he would have come to the
conclusion, mat the bill now under consideration
does not interfere with the homestead bill in the
least. There are thousands of individuals who
have one hundred and sixty acres of land now
who do not intend to avail themselves of the ben-
efit of the homestead bill, provided you wili allow
them, under the provisions of this bill, to enter
I lands adjoining theirs at their intrinsic value. By
the passage of this bill much will be saved to the
Government; for there are a great many individ-
uals who would pay for the land if you were to
allow them to do so at their proper valuation, who
otherwise will take up one hundred and sixty acres
under the homestead bill, and settle there five years
for the purpose of securing it. I contend that this bill
has for its object not only the benefit of the poor
man, but the interest ofthe General Government, in
arevenuepointof view. If the Government were
to sell the lands at a fair price, it would receive, in
a very few years, an amount equal to what she
has received for many years past, and the poor
men of the country would have land for cultiva-
tion, and, thereby, means of subsistence. I will
say to the fi lends of the homestead bill, that there
is no better friend of that bill in this House than
myself; and I am the last man to interpose any
obstacle in its way. I ask gentlemen not to get
up a scare-crow, in order to drive the friends of
the homestead policy from the^suppoi t of a meas-
ure of so much importance as the one now under
! consideration. I am sorry to find my colleague,
[Mr. Phillips,] who is a member of the Commit-
tee on Public Lnnds, taking the position he has,
with regard to this question. 1 am sorry to find
him treading upon the ashes of the illustrious
Jackson, Polk, and others, who haveiecommendeti
this policy.
I will send up to the reporter's desk the follow-
ing statement fi om the Department of the Interior,
containingsomeimportant facts bearing upon this
question, which I desire to be incorporated with
my remarks:
Nothing retards the growth and prosperity ot the country
more, nor inflicts greater mjnrv upon the resident, than the
po'—efMon, by individuals ui companies, of extensive un-
uilhv.ued tracts of the public lands. To correct thi« evil,
facilities should he hbeiaily extended to the actual settler,
and withheld fiom the meie speculator.
Dui inc the la-t fiscal j ear 9,819,431 acrcs have been sur-
veyed, and 10,363,891 acres brought into market, in the
fame peitod there were—
Sold  1,083,49j acre?.
Located wall military bounty laud war-
rant?-  6,142,360 ki
Located with otiiercertificates  9.407 u
Rejected for the States, a* swamp lands.. 16,681,253 lt
Donated for railroads, kc  1,427,457 <{
Making a total of 25.34b,992 <(
Showing an increase in quantity sold and located with
land warrants, and under grants, of 12,'231,818 acres over
the pievtou- fi-cal \ear.
The ouantitv ot land sold during the second and third
quui tei> of 1852, vva& 334.451 acies ; amount received there-
loi, ;$6^3 6>.7 59.
Quantity sold second and third quarter*'of 1853,1,609,919
acres ; amount received tlwrefor ;£2,2^6.876 36.
The whole uuinhi r of land wai rants* issued, under exist-
ing law-, up to the 30th September last, was 266,042, of
winch there were then out-tajiding 60,047. The quantity
ot land K'i|ini ed to sanely the latter is 4.778,120 acres.
Warrant-5 have been i^ued to the 30th September
Ia<t, under the act of 11th February. 3817, calling
lor     12,879,280 acres.
Under the act- oi /eptembei 28,1850, and
Maicb 18">2, lor  12.505,3G0 «
Making a total of   25,384,610
Theie have been )«sued under the act of the 31st August,
18"2, for The satisfaction of Yngima land warrant-, 1.657
pieces ot land ^enp, embracing 129,609 acre^. Jt is sup-
posed the >< rip yet to be issued under this act will rcqune
870,000 aeie=.
I It mav be several yeais bpfore The iand warrants and
} senp will be exhausted, and, until then, the amount of
; land sold 'or r.udi w i'i be comparatively -mm!!.
1 The entiie aienol the public domain h estimated at about
( 1 ,?«•!,nC'O.OOO acre* Thatwifhin the States (exclusive of
' California is 471,^2.4^9 acres.
• Its pur eh ve \va- ffiect-d at the late of 14 41 cents per
i acre, amounting to  $67,999,700
1 To tin-should be added the Indian teserva-
! tioi.s, which entei into the original cost,
amounting to3.400,725 acres, which, valued
;it>tl 25 per aeie. would make  4,250 906
! Up to 30th June, IS53, 334,256,810 acres Had
i been --old, at an expense of 2.07 cents per
aeie. making  6,919,116
j And 184/x51,135 acies sold at an additional ex-
! ppnse foi -elhng. at 5 32 cents per acre,
! maktn?  9,824,201
survejing and seil-
$88,094,013
The entire coat (including
; ing) being.... 
t The whole amount accruing from sales up to 30th June,
; 1853, was ,<142.283,418; being §53,259,465 more than the
i coh tof tl.e whole, thus far, inclusive of survey and sale.
