ma
T E. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
adopted a general preemption system, long and
much desired by the pioneer settlers oti-the public
lands.
This was thought to be liberal policy. It was
supposed to be eminently conducive to the growth
and prosperity of the new States. Sir, it has
been so. No one can deny it, and no one can say
that their progress has been retarded in the small-
est degree by our legislation on the subject of the
public lands. Every one, on the contrary, must
admit that our legislation has been so liberal, and
generous, and paternal, that those States have ad-
vanced with a rapidity unknown in the history of
nations, far surpassing the progress which the
older States of this Union have made since the
period of our independence, though they then pos-
sessed so much more capital, and so many more
advantages. Why, sir, how was it in 1810? In
that year the State of Ohio had a population ol
about forty-five thousand. What is she now?
Her population is over two millions; it was with-
in a fraction of that in 1850. In forty years her
population had multiplied more than forty-fold,
and her growth in every other respect was corres-
ponding to her growth in population. She has
increased in wealth; she has improved in knowl-
edge; she has increased in everything that goes
to make up the power and prospeiity of a great
people, or to advance individual comfort and im-
prov«ment; and she stands at this day a proud
result of a liberal, wise, and prudent system of
administering the public domain such as no other
nation on the face of the earth ever exhibited. In
fact, nothing is to be compared to it. But this
increase, great and magnificent as it has been, is
no greater than that of other States of this Union
•which had no existence at the period to which I
have referred. Take the State of Indiana In
1810 that State had a population of twenty-four
thousand In 1850 she had nine hundred and
mnety-eight thousand. The increase of Illinois is
equally marked. Her population of twelve thou-
sand m 1810 had swollen, m Jfc50, to e'ght hun-
dred and fil'ty-one thousand. Wisconsin, only
organized as a Territory in 1835 or 1836, and with
a population of thirty thousand in 1840, is reported
at the census of 3850 as having increased to three
hundred and five thousand.
Sir, the forest and the wilderness have been sub-
dued with a inpidity unknown before. All those
beneficent institutions of which we boast, and all
the internal improvements which characterize our
country's progress, have grown up there equally,
freely, and vastly more rapidly than they have
in other parts of the country. What, then, is the
ground of complaint? We have done nothing to
retard the settlements of these new States. We
have been bountiful to them in the way of giftsof
lands. They have had ample donations for schools
and universities. The sixteenth section in every
township has been given for the use of schools.
They have hud five per cent, on the gross sales for
the benefit; of roads. They have hail enormous
grants for internal imptovernents of every descrip-
tion They have had some eight millions of acres
within the last few years for making railroads;
and to some of the owners of those railroads, I
understand, immense fortunes have been trie result
of tins bounty on the part of Congress. We have
given away the swamp lands to the new Sunes in
which they lay, to the amount of aboutthirty-five
millions of acu-s. 1 believe within the Inst foity
or fifty years our grants of public lands to the new
States have amounted to over one hundred millions
of acres. The result of all this is the unparalleled
progress of which I have spoken.
Now, sir, when this is the case, what is the mo-
tive for squandering this public domain of ours?
What public necessity demands it? Whatneces-
Fity of anv particular new State demands it?
What bent fit to individuals makes it necessary?
And, above all, what principle of public policy has
been pointed out to justify it? Are we going to
forget so sorm the determination which we c*me
to a few days ago that we would not sanction elee-
mosynary gifts of land by this Government. The
Senate determined that they could not. 1 do not
know whether all the majority which sustained
the President's veto of the bill giving lands for j
the benefit of asylums for theinsane hold the doc j
trine that such giants are un •onstuutional; but at :
ad events, they determined that this Government i
cannot propeily give away the lands for elee- 1
mosynary purposes, even wh^n the grants are eo ^
apportioned as to be for the common benefit of all
the States in this respect. Are we, then, to give
away the public lands to actual settlers, on the
ground ot their inability to pay for them? Be-
sides, sir, there is not an industrious arid honest
man in the United States, where labor is more
highly rewarded than in any countiy m the world,
who cannot, with his un&ssisted labor, in the
course of one or two yeats, euin enough to pay
lor ^subdivision of the public lauds, on which
lie and his Uunly may live with comfort and in-
creasing prosperity. Why, then,should we adopt
this system? 1 nave riot, perceived, as yet, the
shadow of a leason given lor it.
Besides, sir, 1 do not believe that it is desired
by the people of this country. 1 know it is not only
not desired by, but that the bill is odious to the
people of my own State. They look-upon it as a
gioas inequality and injustice. They have seen
without complaint the ltuge grants ot public land
made to the new States for education, and for in-
ternal improvements, al hough theie have been
complaints in regaid to the railroad grants, and
well founded ones I think; but they have never
been dissatisfied with the liberality which has
built up the new States so rapidly. There is,
however, an abiding conviction with them that
this is a seizing upon and squandering of that, in
which they have an equal interest with the other
States of the Union; and that conviction will not
be the less if you put up^ri the public lands the
sham puce of twenty-five cents per acre which
eveiybody knows is lar beneath their value.
W hy, sir, during the war ot the Revolution, it
is known to Senator, I piesume,that my State re-
fused to accede to the Confederation because this
matter of the public lands was not propeily ad-
justed, anu they only enteied into it in Febiuary,
I7bl, a!ter Congress had passed a resolution call-
ing on the States to cede their wild lands for the
common buieht. The resolutions of the J_.egis-
latuie of iVJaiyiand, adopted m 1779, set foith the
grounds oi taeir objections to the retention of
these lands by the States which then laid claim to
them, and amongst others was the very evil which
in now about to be reached and practiced under
this bill. I hey objected that the Slates letammg
these lands might put down the puce far too low,
might fix it at a nominal sum, and thus endeavor
with them. 1 do not mean to utter any sweeping
denunciations against foreign immigrants, whom
the beneficence of our institutions may have in-
vited to our shores, nor even against those who,
without regard to our political institutions, have
supposed that here they could enjoy better oppor-
tunities of material progress and prosperity than
they would have at home, 1 do not deny that
many of the foreign immigrants are men of noble
hearts, of gallant spirits, and cultivated under-
standings—such as every good man would cher-
ish. 1 know it, sir. 1 know that, among a lar^e
portion of them who are not of that cultivated
class, there are honest, worthy people, who make
good citizens when they have gone through the
process which our laws propeily require, who
wilt assimilate with us,and not keep themselves
in separate bodies, nor striveto maintain adistinct
nationality, and refuse to minglewith the mass of
Americans, and partake of, and become imbued
with their nationality. ! know that; but I know
that besides these, there is quite a large number
of foreign immigrants who are not desirable, and
pot acceptable as inhabitants in our countiy. It
is only necessary to look at the statistics which
we have in official documents to know that such
is ihe fact.
Why must we invite these people to accept
donations of public lands before thpy ore natur-
alized > Have they any claim of right? Some
gemleman, I think, has spoken of it as a measure
of justice. Whether he meant ju-tice to our-
' selves or justice to them, 1 do not know; but what
claim can they have in the nature of risht to an
equal participation in these beffcfirs? Naturaliza-
tion i'self is a boon to them. They have no right
to it except as the laws confer it upon them. U
is true, sir, that we open our arms to them, we
admit them to come into our country, to receive
all the benefits of our general system of equal
laws, to acquire property, and to obtain that pro-
tection for life, person, reputation, and property,
which every native arid naturalized citizen en-
joys. Is not that enough? Are we so destitute
of merit among ourselves that we must seek to
invite this infusion among us with a view to the
improvement of our national character ? It might
be thought so, it seems to me| from many things
which have fallen from gentlemen on this floor,
to diam, and, peihaps, succeed m draining the old though I can hardly suppose that such was their
States ot their population. To that immigration lj meaning
which would follow naturally upon the wise and
liberal system of' admmisteinig the public lands
to which I have relened, they did not ot ject; but
to anything beyond that they did object, and they
objcctnow. They feel now as they did then, that
this pioperty cannot be squandered, or given
away—u inch is squandering it—except with gross
injustice to ihem.
Well, sir, it is proposed not only to give these
donations to our own fellow citizens, but to give
them aUo to foreigners who are unnaturalized. |
That inrreasts the injustice, and renders it still i
(ess a measure of common beoc-Iu to all the States; 1
for you w ill obsei ve, sir, t hat under whatever pre- I
text of us universal application this bill may be |
advocated, n, is manliest thai not one man m a!
huiidieel in the old States can avail himself profit-
ably of the oppoi tunny which you here profess to |
affoid him to settle upon the public lands. There are 1
great bodies of hard-working, mdusu-ious, honest j
men in the country, m the new States as well as !
in the old, skilled in particular aits and trades,
who have no capacity tor, and no desire to engage :
in agncultural employment, who cannot avail J
themselves of this measure, and can derive no
benefit from it. They cannot give up the trades
which are their sole means of obtaining a liveli-
hood. They do not desire to do so. 'They wish
to know why you adopt a system, which, in prac-
tice, however different the hypothesis may be, will
result in grants of the public property to one set of
individuals, and a denial of it to them. Sir, it is
a reasonable objection. If we are to have these
largesses among the people, and I consider this to
be nothing less, let them be scattered broadcast
among all, so that every one may not only have a
legal opportunity to get his share of it, but may
have an actual and piactical opportunity to avail
himself of the benefits of it. That they cannotdo
under the system proposed in the bill or the
amendment.
But, sir, you propose to bring in foreigners who
are not naturalized. This is another grievance
We boast of this being the freest, the moH en-
lightened, and the greatest nation on the earth. It
is often asserted mconijressiorialspeeches. Though
we are the greatest, freest, and most enlightened of
nations, yet it seems we must invite, by extraor-
dinary inducements, such as never were heard
of before, the-e foreign immigrants, of all classes,
and conditions, and characters, to come amongst
us, as if for the purpose of exalting our national
character! 1 hardly think that our intellectual
standard is likely to be more highly elevated by
bringing in this class of people, i do not know
that our moral character is likely to be greatly im-
proved. I suppose, myself, that no foreign admix-
ture can raise the morals and mend the heart of
the American people. If 1 thought so, 1 should
blush for my country.
Well, sir, have we not got all the practical skill
and sagacity among our artizans which any other
nation on the earth can boast of? I had supposed
that Yankee ingenuity, Yankee per&evei ance, Yan-
kee untiring eneigy could not be beaten in the
woild. Why, then, do we invite foreigners by
these extraordinary inducements ? I admit that I
am willing that they should come on the terms on
which they have heretofoie come; but 1 am not
wilting to offer thesestiperfluous bounties to swell
an immigration from what we call the down trrdden
nations of oppressed Europe, which is already as
lar^e as a prudent liberality would desire.
But, Mr. President, notwithstanding the re-
spectability of a very large portion of these for-
eign immigrants, there is another very large num-
ber who 14 leave their country for their country's
good," and who do not come here for ours. The
statistics of crime prove this. I n a table furnished
bythe Census Oureau, I find that ofabouttwenty-
seven thousand convictions in our criminal courts
during the year ending the30ih of June, 1850, four-
teen thousand were foreigners, and but thirteen
thousand Americans, And what is the proportion
of foreign population to the native? Jn 1850 there
were two million two hundred thousand foreigners,
