1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
ms
and upwards of twenty-one millions of native pop-
ulation; so that whilst the proportion of native to
foreign population was as ten to one, the amount
of crime is absolutely greater among foreign im-
migrants than amcng native citizens; and it is to
be recollected that among* these native citizens, as
enumerated, aie included uhe negro population,
among whom the smaller class ot offenses, such
as petit larceny, are very numerous. I am not
willing to furnish inducements to the vicious and
depraved to come among; us. ] wish to keep this
class out. If we could segregate them, if we
could discriminate between the worthy and un-
worfhy foreign immigrants, I should gladly re-
ceive the former, and treat them with all the liber-
ality which we have hitherto shown them, and
more if that were possible; but the other class I
should desire to exclude altogether if! could. But
no system has yet,been devised by which this can
be accomplished. We are to look at tilings as
they are, and 10 consider thot if we adopt this
system by whi^b new inducements to immigra-
tion are held out, we shall be in fact inviting that
class, among whom there is the greater proportion
of criminals as welt as those who merit our kind
feelings.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to inquire of
my friend from Maryland whether he has turned
his atten ion to the statistics as to paupers or not?
How does the number of paupers in our alms-
houses and other public institutions compere, as
between thefoieign and native-born population?
Mr. PEARCE t had looked at that, though
I did not intend to mention it, lest I might be mis-
understood. I do not mean, when I answer the
Senator's question, to throw any reproach upon
these people for their poverty, but the same cen-
sus report states that there were 134,000 paupers
who received support in 1850, and of these, 68,000
were foieign, and 66,000 native-born. I will not
weary the Senate hy repeating or by expanding
what 1 have aheaUy said, but content myself with
Baying that numerous as may be, and are, the
respectable people who come to our shores from
abroad, there is a very large class of them who
are the veiy reverse of desirable citizens. We
make no discrimination between them m this bill,
and we cannot make any discrimination. I have
said that the foreign immigration to this country
is quite large enoueh already, and needs no addi-
tional stimulus. Why, sir, the number of immi
grants who came into this country some y?ors ago,
even as far back as 1849,1 think, was about 300,000
in one year; but I understand that the number is
increasing, and that during the last four years
about 1 500,000 foreign passengers have arrived
in the UnMed States.
Now, I c.'in very well comprehend why a State,
feeble, small in population, without military re-
sources, m danger from enemies who are near it,
might seek to build up rapidly its population and
strength by extraordinary inducements to foreign
immigrants, even by giving them lands free of
cost; but that is not our case. It never was so.
When we were a people of but two and a half or
three millions of souls, we maintained ourselves
in a vigorous and prosperous independence, and
found it unnecessary to throw our country open
to ail the world by free grants of land, it was
not necessary for us even then to have such an
infusion of foreign population as would overcome
the native JPrd make thai portion pars minima sui.
Still less is it necessary now. Nobody can doubt
that the progress ofihis country in every element
of national greatness is such, that it now stands
without the fear of an enemy anywhere. Indeed,
sir, we ate apt to say, in that boastful spirit which
1 fear chs>-8cienzes us a little too much, that we
are confident against the world in arms;" and,
extravagant as it may seem, 1 do not know but
that it  s tine.
This being the case, sir, T ask some one to point
out to me the motive for departing from the old
established system, under which we have grown
go great and been so prosperous, and introducing
this new prmeipl*, which is new, I think, more
especially in this: th.it it seem?? to treat this great
national domain, ns if it were a nuisance to be
abated, <^r a bin d 'n: rot merely a worthless thin?,
but a posmve but den, wh.ch we must cast off
our shoulders f nd throw down for whoever is
willing to take it up Sir, I desire in our legisla-
tion here to facilitate the settlement of the new
States, but I think they are settled quite as fast as
any reasonable desire on their part could demand.
Seeing no reason why we should depart from our
old and well tried policy, I shall not yive my vo'e
for the bill in its present shape, or with any modi-.
fkation which leaves the homestead principle pure^
or the homestead principle with a sham or nomi-
nal price affixed to the land.
While I would generally adhere to our present
system, there are certain portions of the country
in which, from peculiar circumstances, it may be
politic and proper to grant lands to settlers—as m
New Mexico—whose sparse population and re-
mote situation, whose generally barren soil, con-
taining only spots of land cultivable by irrigation;
and whose exposure to constant Indian forays
makes it most undesirable to the settler. There
it may be for the benefit of the common treasury
of the people, as well as the particular interest of
the inhabitants, to encourage such immigration
as may give population and strength enough to
secure the peace and protection of all. But, in
the greater portion of the public domain, all the
perils of the pioneer life have passed away. Men
no longer have to plow with their guns slung
across their shoulders, as was the case with the
early Kentucky settlers. They break the wilder-
ness and subdue the forest in the confidence of
perfect safety.
i do not mean to detain the Senate much longer,
but there is one point to which I wish to call at-
tention, and 1 do so because I am unwilling that
the authority of the Senator from M ichigan, [M r.
Cass,] should be given to a legal prmeiple, which
I consider entirely unsound, in the couise of
debate the other day, the Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clay] made an objection to the bill, that
under its provisions the land States might in cer-
tain cases which he specified, be restrained from
exercising the taxing power as in other cases, and
that the period within which the parties favoml by
this bill would be able to hold the land, without
being taxed, would be extended by its operation;
and he relied upon the compacts made between the
United States and thenew State, and particulaily
with his own State, Alabama, which he men-
tioned as preventing the State from taxing lands
while still held by theGovernment, and for which
no patent had issued. The Senator from Michi-
gan contested this principle. He thought there
were but two States m the Union which had made
perfect compacts with the Government of the
United Stales, in regaid to the taxing power over
the public lands.
Mr. CASS. I said fair compacts, without any
extraneous force.
Mr. PEARCE. Without any extraneous force.
Well, f-ir, i understand that the extraneous force
which was used was this: Where the Congress of
the United States have passed an act authorizing
a Territory to form a State government, with a
view of entering into the Union, they have im poled
upon them certain conditions. Among others,
there was the condition that they should not tax
the lands belonging to the United States within
the Iinnis of those States. These new State gov-
ernments have generally or always been required
to enter into such a compact, i believe, by resolu-
tion of their convention, agreeing to the stipula- i
tions on that subject in the act of Congress; and j
I believe that all the States have so agreed, where [
it has been proposed to them. j
But, sir, what 1 mean to say is, that the author- j
ity of the Government of the Unite:! States to re- !
serve its lands within the limits of the new States
from taxation, does not depend upon compact. It
rests upon constitutional authority, independent
of all compact. 1 mean to say, that it has been
scudeeided by the highest tribunal in the land. I
know the Senator from Michigan thinks other-
wise. He thinks ihe opinion is a doubtfui author-
ity, and may, perhaps, think it was a mere obiter
dictum; but I believe 1 can show that if is not an
obiter dictum, that it was the opuron of the court
upon a point necessarily involved m the decision
of the case. There is a case reported in Third
Howard, which came from Alabama, in which the
title to certain land that had been overflowed with
v.ater was contested—one party clatmirgit under
the United St<*f*s, and amvher denying that title.
Mr Justice McFCinley delivered theopirnon of the
Supreme Court, and i ilnd that opinion contains
this language:
"We will now irquire into the nature nnd extent of the
right of the United States to these lunds, aud whether that
right can in any manner aflfectdr Control the decieionof the
case before us" * *. * * * lt We therefor#
think (he United States hold the public lands within iMej ewr
Suites  y foiee of the deeds'>fcer5f>hMi, and th^ smtgfes, con-
nected with them, and not hy any municipal ^airyreigiSty
which it may he supposed they possess, or have reserved
by compact with the new Smte.*,f«r that pamciiWr pur-
pose. The provismu ot the CuiiftjUiliOJi «,U,)ove referred.ta,
>h« ws that no sut-h power can be exercised by ihe jLImted
Slates within a State Such a power is fcVit'nniy Vepusnaht
to the Constitution, but M is mconsHsteM With the spirit atfd
intention of the-deetls of ces>Mou,"
He says: i{ The argumerttso much relied on b-y
the counsel for the plaintiffs"—which argument4,
based on the right of the Governmenton compact
between the State and the United States, is not
sound, and adds that it " ctrnnotoperateas a con-
tract between the parties, but is binding as a law j**
and he gives the reason for itt
u Full power i« given to Congress to make all needfttl
rules and regulation? re.-prcting the tejritory 'orother.piwp-
PYty ot ihe U.iited Stares ' Tins authorized the p-i><a<je
ot ail laws necessary to secure the rights of ihe United
States to the public laiidas, and to provide lor Uieir sale, and
to protect them from taxation.
" And ail c -tisututional laws are binding on the people,
in thenew State* aild in the old ones, whe her they con-
sera to he bound by them or not. Every eons-tiiuuonal act
of Congress is parsed by the will nf the people "f ihe Uni-
ted Stale.-, expressed through tin ir representatives, on the
subject niattfrr ot the enactment; and when so passed tt be-
comes the supieioe law ot the land, and operates by ijs own
Knee on the subject-matter, in whatever State or Territory
it nirtV happen to be. *
The proposition* submitted to the people of the Ala*
bama Teiritory, lor their acceptance or rejection, by the
act ot Connies authorizing them to form a constitution and
Slate govei nmenr t. r themselves, so far a* they related to
the. puhhc Iftndn within that Territory,amounted to nothing
more nor le«s than rules nnd regutationsrei-pecungthesales
and disposition ot the public lauds.
*' The supposed coinp.nct relied on by the counsel for the
plaintiffs, conteried no authority, therefore, «>n Congress
to pass the act gianting to the plaintiffs the land in contro-
versy."—Pulluid's Le^ce vs. Ha gun at. al, 3 Howaid—
ai2} <yc.
Congress have a right, under the Constitution,
to dispose of, and make all needful rules and reg-
ulations respecting, theterritory or other property
of the United States; and, therefore, according
to the justice who delivered the opinion of the
court in tins case, they have a right to make en-
actments having the same force as any compact
would have. Such an enactment is found in the
provisions of the laws authorizing the Territories
to form constitutions with a view to admission
into the Union as States upon the terms men-
tioned, and those terms are equally binding and
obligatory upon the Stutes as though the agree-
ment were leally and truly a compact, and had
all the force which a compact can have.
Sir, I only mention this because I understood
the authonty of the Senator from Michigan to be
the other way. He intimated a doubt whether
these lands were not taxable by the United States
except where a compact had been made between
the United States, which was a fair and proper
compact. I suppose, indeed, he intended to say-
that where a State was admitted into the Union
by an act of Congress, which imposed upon it
certain conditions, those conditions were invalid
unless the State assented to them in some very
precise form.
Mr. CASS. I stated that was the opinion of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. PEARCE The opinion of the Supreme
Court, from which 1 have read, signifies the con-
tiary,and it is the opinion of the Court though
delivered by a single judge, for it was not dis-
sented >rom except by Judge Catron, (who, as I
understand him, held the compact between Ala-
bama and the United States to be valid and conclu-
sive,) and it was essential to thedetermmation of the
question, and must be therefore taken to be the
law of the land as expounded by that Court. I
shall not further trouble the Senate.
Mr. CASS. ' I have a few words to say on the
point which has been [raised by the Senator from
Maryland, and I will not detain the Senate Jong,
for 1 have already discussed this matter. The-
question is, whether the lands of the United States
within the States are ipso facto exempted from
taxation? There is no such provision m the Con-
stitution.
Mr. PEARCE. That is not what I stated. I
say Congress has the power, without the assent
of the State, to declare the public lands to be ex-
empt from taxation.
jVlr. CASS i will put it in those terms. Then
the Senator's proposition is, that Congress has
ppwer to prevent the lands of the United States
