1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*207
Mr. G-WIN. Mr. President, this proclamation
was issued against persons who are said to be citi-
zens of the State of California. 1 wish to bring
to the notice of the Senate a fact which I think it
is proper should go out to the country with that
proclamation, and it is this: That at the time this
expedition is said to have been gotten up in the
State of California, the United States had no force
there to prevent the sailing of such expeditions.
I wish to bring it to the notice of the Senate and
the country that at the very time the first expe-
dition went from California, a single steamship-
of-war, with one gun, could have prevented it.
And, sir, is there no allowance to be made for the
state of the country which was its destination—
Lower California and Sonora?
Sir, here was an expedition of forty-five men'
that passed out without obstruction from the
Golden Gate, less than a mile wide, and which
any one gun can command, as against a ship with-
out cannon; and they went to a country as large
as half a dozen States of this Confederacy, took
possession of it, and issued a proclamation pro-
claiming it a Republic.
If the President of the United States intends to
put down such expeditions there or elsewhere, he
.should have a force of the United States to prevent
their departure from our ports. At the time this
vessel left the harbor of San Francisco, there were
but two ships-of-war in active service on the whole
Pacific coast of South and North America—one at
the Sandwich Islands, having been ordered there
for the purp'ose of preventing the consummation of
one of the expeditions referred to in the proclama-
tion; the other, as we all supposed, was cruising
at the mouth of the Gulf of California, but subse-
quent information informs us that it had sailed
for the coast of Peru, to look after some difficul-
ties which our Government has had with that
Republic.
Now, on a coast of over five thousand miles,
we had but two ships*of-war to protect our com-
merce and maintain our neutrality obligations. Is
it not a farce to say that such a force can accom-
plish these objects?
There was also a second expedition reported to
have sailed from San Francisco, in a vessel with
two hundred and fifty men on board, which was
towed out of the harbor by a steamship without
the slightest obstacle on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and why? Because it
had no force there. When we ask for a steam-
ship in the revenueservice to prevent smuggling on
that coast, we are told it costs too much; and when
I ask that appropriations shall be made to put that
coast in a state of defense, I am almost scouted
at, because it costs so much money. This mis-
erable system of economy has left us without
Government power, either to defend us from an
enemy or prevent the sailing of unlawful expedi-
tions from our ports.
Here, now, we are proclaimed to the world as
going to and disturbing the peace of other nations,
by expeditions got up on that coast, when we are.
g;iven a caite blanche to go where we please, and
violate any law we please, so far as the power of
the Government is concerned; for the only law
rigidly executed there is the kuv of taxing us, and
collecting the revenue from us.
Now, iMr. President, I am opposed to all unlaw-
ful expeditions of this sort; but it must he known
that in a new country like California, where there
are so many adventurous spirits, and where the
countries adjoining us are oflered to us simply
for the going and taking them, the power of the
United States must be vigilantly and properly ex- i
ecuted,if such expeditions are not to be carried out. j
Mr. President, it must be known to the people
of this country that when there are some of the !
richest mineial countries in the world adjoining |
the State ol" California, with a population utterly
unable to defend them against the Indian tribes
in their neighborhood, expeditions of this kind
will proceed from California, unless the force of the
United States there is sufficient to prevent them.
Whereverour people go they carry wealth, power,
and prosperity with them, and never forget the
principles of liberty they have inherited from our
forefathers; and although such expeditions should
not be encouraged or allowed, if they succeed, the
present inhabitants will be more powerful and
prosperous through the change of government
than they ever were or can expect to be without
a change.
What is the condition of our army on the Pa-
cific coast? It is not, and never has been, efficient,
from local causes that we have failed to remedy
by legislation, although urged to do so. These
expeditions can go by land to Sonora, and, in my
opinion, have gone, or will go; and this paper
proclamation of the President will have no effect
in stopping any such expedition, because we have
no force there to enforce it.
It is useless for the Chief Magistrate of these
United States to attempt, by proclamation, to stop
any such expedition. As long ps the principle of
territorial expansion is recognized, and such coun-
tries lay on our border as Lower California, So-
nora, and the Sandwich Islands, inviting us ,to
take possession of them, and the Government of
the United States opposes no effective preventive
force, you will find citizens of the United States
engaged in such enterprises; and they will be suc-
cessful. Proclamations without efficient force will
not stop them.
Why have we not had a steamship-of-war on
the Pacific coast ? Because it iS said to be too ex-
pensive on a sea-coast of sixteen hundred miles,
as coal there costs thirty or forty dollars per ton.
Here we see again that miserable system of econ-
omy, pennywise and pound foolish, that destroys
all of the efficiency of Government, and my con-
stituents are to be branded with infamy for vio-
lating laws that there is no power to enforce.
I warn the country that unless the power of
the Government is exercised efficiently on that
coast, they cannot expect us to stand still when
we are invited into these magnificent countries
which lie around us, and see the Indians take
possession of them, when we can get them with
the good-will of the inhabitants.
I am very much surprised at the issuing of this
proclamation at this time, because it comes too
late. I am anxious to aid the President of the
United States in observing our neutrality laws;
and if it is true that a treaty has been lately ne-
gotiated, by which a large portion of Mexico is
to come into our possession, it shows indisputa-
bly that the public sentiment of the people of the
United States, as reflected by the Executive, de-
sires possession of the territory negotiated for,
whether in the waytof purchase or otherwise.
I hope that treaty embraces all of the territory
on our border which Mexico is not able to protect
from such incursions and Indian depredations,
and that we shall have a mountain or desert
boundary between the two Governments that can
be defended by each. If it does not embiace such
an extent of country, I shall favor such a modifi-
cation of it as will accomplish this desirable object.
Mr. PETT1T. I do not know that I have any
objection to the proposition which has been offered
by the Senator from California; nor am I disposed
to cast any reflections upon his constituents, whom
he defends so ably. But I must be allowed to say
that I think it is the strangest defense that I ever
heard given of any man's constituents. He, in
effect, says that if you will surround his constit-
uents with bolts and bars, with war steamers,
with soldiers with arms in their hands, they will
cease stealing and marauding; that they will be
honest, forsooth, if you will compel them to be
honest. Who would not be honest under such
circumstances? Why, sir, he says there are in-
viting fields of gold, rich mineral wealth, and
broad acres, that are desirable to the eye there.
Where are such not to be found? And he says
that his constituents, intelligent, and worthy, and
peaceable as they are, or as he would make us
believe they are, cannot restrain their own greedy,
grasping appetites to appropriate that which be-
longs to their neighbors, unless you surround
them with a wall. They are constituents that no
man ought to be proud of, however proud he
I may be.
1 Sir, I regretted to hear, and I am sorry to have
'• it alleged on the floor of the Senate of the United
! States, that any portion of our fellow citizens, in
| order to keep them within the bounds of duty as
j individuals and citizens of this Republic, towards
| all other countries and allothermen, must be con-
I strained by force in a body. I know that in, all
! communities there are law-breakers—those who
i will not abid<? the law—those who must be re-
j! strained; but I did not suppose that it pertained
|| to whole bodies of men, whole communities, and
I' whole localities. _
|i Why, sir, it is in effect say ing, in neighborhood
transactions—for nations are but individuals in a
situation of neighborhood towards each other, and
should act in like manner—that the rights of neigh-
borhood cannot be maintained.
The peaceable citizen, who is a member of a
local society, and observes his own rights and
those of hig neighbors—who neither suffers his
own to be trampled upon, nor wantonly tramples
upon those of his neighbor— who neither allows
his own property to be appropriated lawlessly' for
the benefit of another, nor wantonly, with rapine,
lays his hands upon the property of others—will
conduct himself in like manner as a member of
society and a portion of a Government.
Sir, the Senator has said neither more nor less
than that these men, his constituents, whom he
calls such, if their neighbors' houses lay open, and
treasures of gold and valuable commodities were
to be found in them, and there was not ft watch-
dog or sentinel at the door, would forgflj^l.mor-
als, all law, and all right, and wantonly "possess
themselves of their neighbors' goods.
Sir, I am sorry to hear it said that any portion
of our people, in great masses at any rate, are so
disposed. I did not believe, I could not believe
it was so. I am sorry to hear any Senator upon
the floor of the Senate of the United States an-
nounce that his constituents are so disposed, that
nothing but bars and bolts—not laws, not statutes,
not moral strength or moral suasion, nor any re-_
gard to duty, public or private—will restrain them"
from this rapacity; but the force and power of the
Government must be applied to prevent it. Sir, it
may be possible, and 1 cordially agree with that
Senator in saying that I do not think there is a
sufficient force upon the Pacific coast. It ought
tn be there, but for other and different purposes.
The Golden Gate should be fortified and defended;
there should be more men-of-war steamers belong-
ing to the military marine upon that coast or in
that ocean. But I protest that it ought not to be
there for the purpose of preventing the citizens
from stealing and robbing. It should not be ne-
cessary to have such a force there to prevent these
things, but the moral force and intelligence which
should govern all portions of the constituents of
all of us should be sufficient for that purpose.
Your guns should be there to guard and protect
the integrity and security of your own territory.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the Senator from
Indiana states that I got up here to defend my con-
stituents for committing acts of lawless robbery,
because the United States did not put bolts and
bars around them to prevent them from doing it.
Mr. PETT1T. If the Senator will allow me,
I will correct him. 1 did not say that he had got
up to defend them, but that he had got up, under-
taking to defend his constituents, not for that act,
but admitting that they were of that class who
would rob and steal, if not prohibited or pre-
vented by bolts and bars.
Mr. GWIN. That is not true. I made no
such statement, and no such legitimate inference
can he drawn from what 1 did state. 1 said that
the President had issued a proclamation against
certain expeditions which had sailed from Cali-
fornia for the purpose of invading a foreign ter-
ritory; and I gave as a reason why these expe-
ditions had passed from our territory, that the
] Government of the United States had failed to put
i such a force there as would prevent their sailing.
He says this is defending stealing, and that I am
in favor of having bolts and bars put around my
1 constituents. Why, sir, what do his constituents
I have at home to prevent lawless acts, perhaps as
i frequent there as in any State in the Union ?
I Mr. PRTTIT. Their Senators do not talk
I about it on the floor here.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator shall not interrupt'
me.
The PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. GWIN. There are jails and penitentiaries
for culprits in Indiana. The State authorities
protect the citizens against acts of depredation.
But who but the Government of the United States
has control of the foreign police of the country ?
How is the President to enforce his proclamation
unless by using the arm of the United States?
Sir I was not defending these expeditions, but I
I was sayingthat the President of the United States
j could hot have prevented them with the effect-
: ive force of the United States now on that coast.
! I do not charge the President with neglect, nor
his predecessor; but I say if the Government
