1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
may be indicated by any gentleman while the
Clerk is reading the amendments.
[Cries of " Agreed!" " agreed !"]
The Clefk then read the amendments.
Mr. TAYLOR. I now ask that the bill, with
the amendments, may be read through, so that
we may all understand precisely upon what we
$re to vote.
Mr. HAMILTON". I would suggest that it
would be better to wait until the amendments are
adopted, and then allow the bill, as amended, to
be read.
No separate vote having been deeded upon any
amendment, the amendments were adopted in
gross.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the bill, as amended, to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HAVEN. Ujfon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the House
will not order them upon its engrossment, and
then we may have them upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move to lay the bill upon the
table, and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill as amended is as follows:
A BILL to graduate and reduce the price of the public
lands.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congiess assembled,
That all of the public lauds ot the United States winch
shall have been m market tor ten years and upwards,
prior to the time of application to enter the same under the
provisions of this act, and still remaining unsold, shall be
subject to sale at the pncc of one dollar per acie ; and all
the lands of the United Slates that shall hav# been m
market lor fifteen years or upwards, as aforesaid, and still
remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale ar seventy-five
cents per acre; and all of the land* of the United States
that shall have been in market for twenty years oi^upwards,
as aforesaid, and still remaining unsold, shall be sublet to
sale at fifty cents per acre ; arid all of the lands of the United
States that shall have heen in market for twenty five years
and upwards, as aforesaid, and still remainmg unsold,shall
he subject to sale at twenty-five cents per acre; and all
lands of the United States that shall have been in market
for thirty years or more, shall be subject to sale at twelve
and a half cents per acre : Provided, This section shall not
be so construed as to extend to lands reserved to the United
States, in acts granting land to States for railroad or other
internal improvements, or to mineral lands held at over one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Seo. 2. Jindbcit further enacted, That upon every re-
duction in price under the provisions of this act, the occu-
pant and settler upon the lands shall have the right of pre-
emption at such graduated price, upon the same terms,
conditions, restrictions, and limitations, upon which the
public lands of the United States at enow subject to the right
of preemption, until wuhin thirty days preceding the next
graduation or reduction that shall take place; and if not so
purchased, shall again be subject to right of preemption for
eleven months as before, and so on from time to time, as
reductions take place: Provided, That nothing in this act
shall be so constiued as to interfere with any right which
has or may accrue by vntue of any act granting preemption
to actual settlers upon public lands.
Sec '3. JinA be it further enacted, That any person ap-
plying to enter any of the aforesaid lands, shall be required
to make affidavit before the register or receiver of the proper
land office, that he or she enter* the .^ame for his or her own
use, and for the purpose of actual settlement and cultivation,
or tor the use of an adjoining faun or plantation, owned or
occupied by him or herself, and together with said entry,
he or she has not acquired from the United States, under the
provisions of this act, more than three hundred and twenty
acres, according to the established surveys ; and if any per-
son or persons takmg such oath or affidavit shall swear
falsely in the premises, he or she shall be subject to all the
pains and penalties of peijuiy.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 66, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Ball, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Bridges, Carpenter, Chandler, Chastain,Chrisman,
Chrigman, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Curtis, Dawson, Dean,
Dickinson, Drum, Edmands, Everhart, Fuller, Goode,
Grow, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Howe, J. Glancy Jones,
Kent, Kidvvell, Kurtz, Lefchet, Lindsiey, Lyon, Macdon-
ald Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan, Mornson, Murrav,
Andrew Oliver, Peckham, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, David
"Ritchie, Rogers, Rowe, RufFm, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sey-
mour, Shaimon, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, George W.
Sihvth, Snodgrass, Siraitou, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Tracy, Uphani, Walbridge, and Walley—-66.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Banks, Bark*daie, Benton, Bissell,Bliss,Caruthcrs,Church-
well, Cobb, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dunbar, Dun-
ham, Eastman, Edgerton, Ellison, English, Ethendge, Sw-
ing, Fenton, Florence, Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J.
Harlan, Sampson W\ Harris, Hariison, Hastings, Henn,
Hibbard, Hiester, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, Roland
Jones. Know Latham, Lilly, Lindley, McDougall, McMul-
len Macy, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Paiker, Peck, Phelps, Phillips,
Thomas Ritchey, Shower, Skelton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor,
Thurston, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Ellihu B, Waehburne,
Wells, John Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and
Yates—69.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon tl;e
table.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. COBB. Upon that I demand the previ-
ous question.
^ Mr. CHASTAIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to—ayes 77, noes not counted.
The House therefore, at a quarter past three
o-'clock, adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, *8pril 14, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William II. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Prestdentof iheUmted States,
made in compliance with a resolution of the House
of the 4th instant, requesting him " to transmit to
the House of Representatives copies of the cor-
respondence of the United States Legation at Con-
stantinople, and the United States Consulate at
Smyrna, with Captain lngraham, and with the
Government of Austria, and with this Govern-
ment—together with the instructions from this
Government to their agents abroad touching the
seizure and rescue of Martin Koszta, and the
terms and conditions on which he was liberated
and sent to this country," transmitting a commu-
nication from the Secretary of State, with copies
of the said correspondence and papers; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbury Dickivs, its Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed a bill
establishing an additional land office m the lower
peninsula of Michigan.
GRADUATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be upon ordering to be engrossed and read
a third time the bill of the House (No. 1) to grad-
uate and reduce the price of the public lands, re-
ported on yesterday from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. Was the previous question called
upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered to be put, and the question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. HAMILTON". I do not believe that a
quorum of the House is present, and therefore ask
for a division on the question.
Mr. FULLER. Is it in order to move that
there be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the reason that
the previous question has been ordered to be now
put.
Mr. COBB. Is not the previous question ex-
hausted ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, from the fact that
the Chair has not announced the vote, a division
of the House having been called.
Mr. COBB. Has not the call for a division of
the House been withdrawn ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I insist on a division of
the House, that we may see whether a quorum be
present. . .
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 42 
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I doubt whether a quorum is
present; and, as we cannot have a call of the
House, I move that the House da now adjourn,
intending to vote against it myself. And on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENN. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion for an
adjournment.
"The SPEAKER. Only twenty-one votes for
ordering the yeas and nays, which is not a suffi-
cient number.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Count the othej;
side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain'
whether a quorum be present.
The Speaker counted those present, and found
one hundred and fifteen—no quorum.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House d&
now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered*
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 9, nays 120.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn over to Monday.
vrhe yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion, was
agreed to. '
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being put,
it was decided in theaffitmative—yeas 72, nays 68;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ranks, Barksdale,-Carry, Benton, Bis-
sell, Bugs, Cnruthcts, Ohurclnvell, Clark, Cobb, Corwin,
On turn*, John G. Davis, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy,
Edgerton, Ellison, English, Etheridge. Greenwood, Ham-
ilton, Andiew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings,
Henn, Hibbard, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Ktt-
tredge, Knox, Latham, Lindlev, Lindsley, McDougall,
Mace, Macy, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Nichols, Olds, Mordecui Oliver, Parker, Peek, Phelps,
Philips, Kichaidson,Thomas Ritchey, Singleton, Skelion,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Snuth, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tweed, Uphain, Vail,
Vansant, Wade, Walbrtdge, EUShu B. Wa^hburrfe, John
Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, Yates, and 2ol-
hcoffer—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Ball, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Boyco, Bridges, Carpenter, Chandler, Chastain,
Ohrisman, Cliugmatf, Cox, Cuitis, Thomas Davis Daw-
son, Dent, Dickinson, Disney* Edmands, Edmund«on,
Faulkner, Fenton, Fuller, Goode, Grey, Grow, Aaron Har-
lan, Haven, Howe, Hunt. Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kuitz, Lctcher, Lilly, Maurice, May,
Meacham, Middleswarth, Morrison, Murrav, Andrew Oli-
ver, Peckham, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Divid Ritchie,
Rogers, lluffin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Sim-
mons, Gemt Smith, George W. Smyth, Snndgrn«>, Strat-
ton, John L. Taylor, Tracy, Walley, Israel Washburn,
Wells, and Witte—68.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was subse-
quently read the third time.
Mr. COBB. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and to lay the motion to recon- .
sider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I demand the previous question
on the passage of t^e bill.
The previous question received a second. .
Mr. COX. 1 move to lay the bill upon the
table. .
Mr. DFSNEY. On that motion I demand the
yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 69, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Ball, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Royce, Bridges, Carpenter, Caskie, Chandler,
Chastain, Chrisman, Chrtgman, Colquitt, Cook, Cox, Cur-
tis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Edmands, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fenfon, Fuller,
Goode, Grow, Aaron Ilailan, Haven, Howe, Hunt, Daniel
T. Jones. J. Glancy Jones,Kidwell, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly,
Maurice, Meacham,Middleswarth,Morrison,Murray, An-
drew Oliver, Peckham, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, David
Ritchie, Rogers, Ruffin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
Shaw, Simmons, Geirit Smith, George W. Smyth, Snod-
grass, Stratton, John L. Taylor, Tracy, Walley, Israel
Washburn, arid Witte—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Barksdale, Barry, Benton,
Bissell, Bugg, Caruthers, ChurchweH, Clark, Cobb, Cor-
win Cutting:, John G. Davis, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman,
Eddy, Edgerton, Elliott, Ellison, English, Etheridge, Green-
wood, Grev, Hamilton, Andrew J. Hariar.. framprfm W.
Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Henn, Hibbard, Hughes, Geoige
W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kiftredge, Knox, Latham, Lind-
ley, Lindf-ley, McDougall, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, John
G Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Olds, Mordecai Oli-
ver Parker, Peck, Phelps, Phillips, Richardson, Thomas
Ritchey Rowe, Singleton, Skelton. Samuel A. Smith,
Wifham XI. Smith, Fiederiek P. Stanton. Richard II. Stan-
ton HcstorL Stevens, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart. John
J TavJor, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Van-
sant,"Wade, Walbridge, Warren, Eliihu B. «Wa«lihnrne,
Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
Yates, and Zollicoffer—80.
So the House refused t$ lay the bill upon the
table.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
being " Shall the bill pass
