1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.
wilderness. Take these men, throw them into the
wilderness, let them cultivate and improve it, and
you not only improve their moral and social con-
dition, but, 1 insist upon it, you improve the po-
litical condition of the country.
Sir, when I see southern men oppose this as
much as they do, I am astonished. They may be
right, but {confess that I see a great policy in taking
this population and planting it in the wilderness;
for I see no class of the community so conserva-
tive as planters and husbandmen. The more you
increase that class, and diminish the loose, unem-
ployed, unoccupied class of beings, the more you
contribute not only to the prosperity, but, i add,
to the conservatism of the country.
But what I want to touch upon now is this: I
shall vote against the amendment of the Senator
from California. I am like my fiiend, the Senator
from Tennessee, on one point. I am for the home-
stead bill, for the principle of the homestead bill.
My people are for that principle. I want to see
how it will work and operate. I was in hopes
that it would have beneficial effects upon the con-
dition of the country; but if we abandon that prin-
ciple, I am for the principle of the bill of the Sen-
ator from Virginia. Clearly the very moment we
abandon the principle of the homestead, I then
take up that of the honorable Senator's bill, be-
cause 1 regard it as not only a liberal one, but as
a final settlement of this complex, and permit me
to say, very distracting question. I do not Agree
with my friend from Michigan when he says that
is the homestead principle. I do not find it so;
but I find two great principles in that bill: one the
graduation, the other the preemption principle,
preemption for a very low and moderate sum.
Those are the two great principles. There are
many others, but I speak of the leading ones con-
tamed in that bill. It contains the graduation
principle, which, [ am proud to hnve it to say,
when at the head of the Land Office, ] reeom- '
mended, when I had an opportunity to investigate
the subject, and it was very favorably considered
by the Senate then. Sir, i repeat that I am now
ready to vote for the homestead lull, and for the
homestead principle as understood with us; for
my people are all for it; but the moment weabari-
don that principle, then I take up the graduation
principle, and add to that what the honorable Sen-
ator has added. I think it is a very liberal bill,
and is certainly prepared with great ability.
When it comes up, there are a few tilings which
I shall point out to the honorable Senator as need-
ing correction; but at the present time, I confine
nivself to this: that I shall vote for the homestead
bill as long as there is a chance for it. J think
that chance is diminishing every moment. It is
one of those measures which has been as much
beaten by its friends as by us opponents; but the
moment I abandon the principle of the homestead
bill, then 1 am for the principle of the bill brought
forward by the honorable Senator—the gradua-
tion principle which I find has been reported on
again and again, and sustained by the first minds
of this country: by Mr. Calhoun and by many
others «ho were m the Senate at the time. In
addition to that, it has another principle which
we are «tli in favor of, and that is the pteempUon
punciple, (or a very low and nominal consider-
ation I confess, but still it is a consideration, and
one which is sufficient to makeit a. matter of pride
for a roan who gntUs upon the land to know that
he pays for that land, ft is a pr^ud thing for a
man to feel conscious that he has paid for his land,
and considering that it is, I am willing, if this bill
is abandoned, to take up the other. Upon that
point [ heheve the sooner the friends of the home- !
stead bill come to a conclusion, if it cannot be
sustained, the better, and let us try and take up
something else. As for the provision of the hon-
orable Senator from Califoi nia, he will see at once
tnat it is abandoning the principle of the home- t
stead bill without any system m relation to grad- j,
nation, or preemption. The one of the Senator!!
from Vug! ,ia contains a regular system of grad- !'
uaiion. a> d connects with that a permanent sys- !
tens ^ . enu'tjon. ;
v< ' \US. 1 do not rise any further to argue
thr 'HMvtioM of the homestead bill I have taken j
oc "f to pay what 1 had to say upon that sub- j
je ; >'u; sniffinv remarks were mad'j, ihe Senate i
fro< , tViuware [Mr Clayton] has written out a j
speech which he made upon that occasion. In 1
that speech, as published, there are passages whieh 1
I certainly did not hear uttered upon this floor at
the time, and which I should not have allowed to
pass unexplained if 1 had heard them.
I remember very well what the Senator said. He
said, in general terms, that some of those who ad-
vocated the homestead bill upon this floor, in argu-
ing upon the propriety of extending its provisions
to foreigners, had impeached the American char-
acter. or said something in disparagement of
| native-born citizens. When he struck upon that
i subject, the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] tm-
| mediately challenged him to know whether he
j intended him as one of those who had said any-
| thing to the disparagement of the American citi-
zen; and I recollect very well that the Senator
from Delaware shrunk from any charge of that
kind against the Senator from Iowa. The Senator
from Iowa then took occasion to state that he had
heard no Senators do so on this floor; and, so far as
I understand, the Senator from Delaware dropped
that part of his charge. I was somewhat anxious
to see upon whom he would attempt to fix it; but
my recollection is, that being repelled by the Sen-
ator from Jowa, he said no more upon that sub-
ject. I know very well that the Senator from Dela-
ware encountered me pretty sharply. Healleged
that I had said something to the effect that foreign-
ers had a better right to the land than American
citizens. Now, sir, that idea was extravagant.
No sane man would pretend to say that they had
a better right than American citizens. The fact is
that neither of them has a right to the land which
belongs to the Government, unless the Govern-
ment sees fit to grant it to them for some reasons
of its own, reasons of policy, which I think are
very proper. I shall not attempt now to argue
that subject.. But in the printed speech of the
Senator, I find words published which I did not
hear, and which I believe were not spoken at the
time. After the explanation of the Senator from
Iowa, from which the Senator fiom Delaware
shrank, he turns round in his primed speech, and
says: "the Senators from New York and Ohio
will not so soon eat their words, I think." Now,
sir, those words were not said on this floor, in
that debate, i did not hear them. If such words
had been uttered upon this floor, I should have
repelled them. No, sir, this was an after-thought.
Now, I wi&h to understand whether the Senator
intended to insinuate by anything that he has
written out in his speech, that in the course of
my remarks 1 said anything in disparagement of
the character of American citizens, which is
plainly insinuated on the face of this paper; and
if so, I want to know the words fiom which that
inference is drawn? I pause for a reply as to
whether such a charge was intended.
Mr. CLAYTON, i will answer you when
you have done.
Mr. WADE. The Senator refuses to answer.
Then I can only say, hypothetically, that if the
honorable Senator intends to insinuate that I had
said anything in disparagement of American citi-
zens in my argument at that time—whoever says
that I uttered one word or syllable to that effect
asserts a sentiment as groundless and as silly as it
is false arid malicious. I said no such thing; I
thought no such thing; and no Senator upon this
floor, I presume, unless it be the Senator from
Delaware, supposes that 1 said any such thing.
Just as though I, an American citizen, should
.stand here to say anything in disparagement of
the Amencan citizen' I argued upon that sub-
ject, on that occasion, as well as I knew how,
thai it was the policy of the Government, to ex- j
tend the benefits of this bill to foreigners. I ad-
mit that I argued and said, on that occasion, that
I did not see why the foreigner had not the same
right as a native-born citizen, because neither of
them had a right to it, unless the Government
choose to give it. I stated at the time, that if the
intention of this bill was i eaUy to grant a favor to
A, B, or C, native-born or foreign, on that prin-
ciple, I thought no discrimination could be made
between them, because neither of them had the
right to call on the Government for anything; but
1 placed it upon great principles of public policy,
as the -Senator fiom Illinois has just argued, that
it was pot only for 'he benefit of the beneficiaries,
under the bill, but for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, in bringing into cultivation an immense ter-
ritory of wild hinds which are lying unproductive
and of no possible use to the Government—that
it was the policy of the Government, in arder that
those lands may be reclaimed and improved, to
grant them to such as would go there and culti-
vate them. That was my argument, and I argued
also that this Government had never lost any thing
by its liberality to foreigners. I contended for
their fidelity to the CJnion at all times, from the
Revolution to the present.
Another thing is insinuated here that has not a
particle of foundation—that somebody, in some
manner, asserted that we never should have ac-
quired our independence if it had not been for for-
eigners. Such a thing was never asserted upon this
floor. I did say that they had aided us in the ac-
quisition of our independence. I pointed out some
of the eminent men who had lent themselves to
fight our battles in the Revolution, who had gen-
erously come forward and devoted their blood to
the cause of our independence; and I alluded also
togreatnumbers of moreobscure but equally mer-
itorious men in the ranks of the Revolutionary
war, who aided us; but I never insinuated that
the American Army, unaided in the Revolution,
could not have worked out our independence. No
such statement fell from me; but it is attempted to
be insinuated that such sentiments were uttered by
somebod v.
Mr. CLAYTON-. I am a little surprised, sir,
at the Exceeding feeling with which the honorable
Senator has replied to the remarks which I made
in reply to him on Friday last. He seems to be
quite sore under them. He has taken a long time
to rest upon them.
Mr. WADE. This is the first moment that I
have seen the Senator's printed speech. ,He says
that I am sore at what he uttered. I am not sore
at what, he uttered, but at what he printed.
Mr. CLAYTON. Bat the printed speech con-
tains substantiallyjust the speech that was deliver-
ed here; and if he paid any attention to what was
going on, he knows it. JBut, sir, I scorn to enter
into any controversy with him upon a question of
that description. Thepointupon which I arraigned
him was, that he said here, in the presence of the
Senate of the United States, that he had no more
right to a share of the public lands than a German,
or any foreigner who comes here; and, sir, I re-
proved him for that sentiment. He attempted ex-
planation again and again. What I meant, when
I said that he had spoken disparagingly of the
Ametican people, was, that he had said they had
no more right to the public lands of their own
country than any foreigner whatever, and he can-
not explain that, away; he cannot retract that,what-
ever he may say of the printed speech, or of any
other speech. He did declare here, on the floor
of the Senate, that he was a son of the Old Bay
State, and a citizen of Ohio; and yet he himself,
** to the manor born," felt that he had no more
right to any share of the public lands than any for-
eigner wteuever. This was what he said. He
said m fact, and he cannot deny it now, that an
American citizen had no more right than a Russian
or a Turk, or any other man whatever, to the pub-
lic property of the United States. If that was not
speakingin disparagementof the American people,
i do not know what was.
Mr. President, I am not to be drawn away from
the main point on which I arraigned the Senator
from Ohio. I know the point on which I assailed
him, and it is upon this point that he feels his
position is indefensible. I care not in what terms
he couches that proposition, I attack it. In re-
gard to the declaration which I commented upon,
that it had been stated that the people of the Uni-
ted States owed their independence to foreigners
who had fought their battles, I did not attribute
it to him. But it is a sentiment which has been
uttered de die in diem. It has been spread from
Maine to Georgia. It has been uttered for many
years past, and many of those who have uttered it
have believed it— ✓
"Like one,
Who having, unto truth, by telling of it,
Made such a sitmer of Jus memory
To credit ins own lie."
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator inform me
who said that upon this floor?
Mr. CLAYTON". Sir, I said before it has been
said over and over again in other places. Your
imagination is a very fertile one. I met, the asser-
tion, and intended to meet it; and if anybody as-
serts it here, I mean to deny it. While I grate-
fully acknowledged, as I said, the services of
those gallant men who participated with the Amer-
