208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19.
of the United States had but a sufficient force
there, and had used it efficiently, such expeditions
could not have sailed from our ports. Is this de-
fending them ? I do not say that there are not
lawless men in California; but not more than in
other sections of the country who cannot resist
that important precept of the Holy book, " Lead
us not into tempation."'
Why, Mr. President, I have a distinct recollec-
tion when the drum and the fife summoned volun-
teers to go to Texas from the various portions
of the Atlantic coast, and that the Government was
■censured for 1101 preventing such movements.
Nor am I defending them. No, sir; but I say,
when the President issues such a proclamation, it
is the duty of this Government to provide means
for its enforcement, and to have that kind of force
on the spot which is necessary to prevent the
organization of such expeditions. That is the
ground Stitch I take. With what justice and
truth can any Senator charge me with defending
any lawless acts?
My constituents pay taxes to keep up an army
and navy, and we are entitled to the benefit of
them, either for protection against a foreign ene-
my, or to enforce our neutrality laws, if that be
necessary. As to surrounding the country with
bolts and bars, or an army or navy, I asked for
no such thing.
There is at present but one point on the Pacific
Coast where such an expedition could be fitted out—
the harbor of San Francisco—and there, as I stated
before, a single steamship with one gun could
effectually arrest it. I am not interfering at all in
regard to these expeditions, nor defending them,
but I say that such a proclamation, backed by no
force, will have no other effect but to irritate the
people of that State.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate and
the country to the fact that there is not a gun
mounted on the Pacific coast—that there was not
a ship-of-war, when these expeditions sailed,
within thousands of miles of our coast. I wish to
get this information before the American people,
to show the necessity of having some means of
defense there, against foreign enemies as well as
lawless expeditions.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, 1 agree with
the honorable Senator from California, that there
ought to have been a force on the Pacific coast
sufficient to enable the officers of the United States
to prevent the setting out of this lawless expedi-
tion—an expedition, the successful prosecution of
which, from'one of the ports of theUnited States,
is calculated to inflict a deep reproach upon our
national character. But I must be permitted to
say, that I think the honorable Senatorirom Cali-
fornia is mistaken in attributing blume on account
of the omission to have such a force there, either
to the present or the late Administration. That
Senator and myself well know that the system
of cutting down the estimates which obtained
during the last Congress, and the Congress before,
left both the late and the present Administration
without the pecuniary means of maintaining such
a force there as should make the Government at
all times prepared to execute its laws, and vindi-
cate the character of the country against these
lawless depredators upon peaceable States adjoin-
ing to us.
Now, sir, it is possible, nay, it is probable, that
it might have been in the power of the present
Secretary of the Navy, or of the late Secretary,
or of his immediate predecessor in office, to have
placed a sufficient forceon the Pacific coast: but my
friend from California knows that in order to do
that, with the existing means of the Government,
and the amount of naval force at his command,
he would have been necessarily obliged to weaken
the naval power which the interests of the coun-
try require should be maintained in other parts of
the world. I think, therefore, that so far as any
blame can be laid to the Government on this sub-
ject, we, of the two Houses of Congress, must
assume to foot the bill.
The Administration present, and the Adminis-
tration past, so far as I see, are both blameless
upon that subject. They have stated to us in their
estimates what the necessities of the country re-
quire. They have asked that the necessary amount
should be voted. Congress his refused. There
are no means by which a President of the United
States can raise money but through the instru-
mentality of an act of Congress. He cannot levy
"ship money," as the Kings of England once did.
He cannot make involuntary contributions, under
the denomination of " benevolences." He can
only apply what you place at his disposal to
maintain the honor and enforce the laws of the
United States. I feel persuaded, strongly per-
suaded, that if the Senator from California, and
myself, who always resisted in the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and on this floor, this system of
capriciously and arbitrarily striking down the ap-
propriations, could have been successful, in our
views, this late transaction would not have hap-
pened—which we all deplore, and which will be
considered abroad as a reproach upon our national
character, as if we were disposed to look with tol-
eration, if not with favor, upon such lawless ad-
ventures upon the dominions of peaceful Powers
in our neighborhood.
I thought it right- to say thus much because I
think that while we are speaking in just terms of
indignation of such a proceeding, it is right not
to inflict blame where the blame does not prop-
erly lie.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I will not pro-
tract this debate; for what has been said by my
honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] and
my distinguished friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] makes it unnecessary for me to say a
word. Sir, I regretted to see the Senator from
California rise in his place and charge the Presi-
dent of the United States with a neglect of duty—
for it amounts to that—in that he had not furnished
sufficient force to prevent these depredations.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, the Senator from
Illinois is mistaken. I havejnade no such charge.
Mr. SHIELDS. What the honorable Senator
said surely amounts to that.
Mr. G WIN. It does not; and I did not intend
any such thing.
Mr. SHIELDS. He charges the Government
of the United States, as I understand, with blame
and censure for not having a naval force on the
Pacific coast to prevent these unlawful expedi-
tions; and yet he is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, whose especial duty it
is to furnish that force; and he has neglected, or
has been unable to furnish, a sufficient force to the
President to prevent these unlawful expeditions.
So, sir, with regard to the military force on
that coast; that is also insufficient; but we cannot
blame the President, because he has not furnished
a force which does not exist. Our Navy is insuf-
ficient to protect our coast, and our Army is also
insufficient.
The Senator from California, if I understand
him, also blames the President for issuing this
proclamation. Sir, I think the President would
not be worthy of the position that he holds if he
did not issue such a proclamation. He must, so far
as he can do it, as the Executive head of this
nation, absolve the nation from the disgrace of
these lawless, unprincipled, vagabond expeditions.
The honorable Senator seems to justify this piti-
ful expedition of forty-five men, as I understand
him 
Mr. GWIN. I do pot wish the Senator to mis-
understand or misrepresent me. I did not justify
it; and I have not done so; but I stated that it went
out because there was no force to arrest it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am glad to find that the
Senator does not justify it. 1 am glad to find that
there is not one Senator on this floor who will
justify such an expedition. Before the Senator
charges the President of the United States with
neglect of duty, or reproaches him, he should rise
in his place and tell us where the President was to
find the vessels to go there to protect that coast.
Mr. GAVIN. I will do it when the Senator is
through.
Mr. SHIELDS. I should like to hear the Sena-
tor do it, and to show that fact. Sir, I have more
than contempt for such expeditions as this Walker
expedition upon that poor, helpless, defenseless,
and unsuspecting population. My opinion is,
that the men who could go there, who could go
down upon the poor defenseless inhabitants of the
frontier of Mexico and surprise them, as it were,
would do what they have done when they meet
with resistance—fly back to their ve.ssels again.
I repeat what was said by the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina, that such expeditions
are bringing reproach upon the country; and the
President would share in that reproach if he did
not pursue some course to arrest it.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the Senator from
Illinois might have withheld his repi caches and
attacks upon these men who are now in their
graves. The last intelligence informs us that they
have all been put to death. It was uncalled-for
and very wrong to reproach men who have suf-
fered for the crimes which he alleges they have
committed. Sir, it is one of the charges which I
bring against the efficiency of this Government,
that it has not been able to stop such expeditions
and' prevent such catastrophes.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
tell us wherein the dereliction of the Government
consists ?
Mr. GWIN. If the gentleman had listened to
the resolution, he would have seen that it asked
the President of the United States to inform us
where the naval forces of the country are. I can
tell him where some of our ships-of-war are.
1 do not pretend to say that the expedition to
Japan has not had beneficent, useful, and import-
ant purposes to accomplish. I d o not pretend to say
that the naval force in that expedition is not prop-
erly and usefully employed; but, sir, if the Presi-
dent of the United States cannot maintain our
neutrality, and keep so large a squadron in that
service, the question presents itself whether it
would not be better to order one of the steamships-
of-war accompanying and composing part of that
squadron to the coast of California.
Sir, I was in favor of the Japan expedition;
but I wish to know whether it is not.the duty of
the Chief Magistrate of this nation to place the
naval force of the United States—inefficient as I
acknowledge it to be—so as to see that the laws
are faithfully executed, and that our commerce
and our honor, as a nation, are not infringed upon;
and if he has done so, I do not, and have no cause
to complain.
Again, sir, we have a surveying expedition to
Behring's Straits, in which five vessels-of-war are
employed. I was in favor of that expedition, and
it was'upon my motion that it was organized; hut
is it of more importance to survey unknown seas,
than to so place our naval force as to do away with
the necessity of such proclamations ? My inquiry
is whether the Navy of the United States is prop-
erly distributed to protect our neutrality, our
commerce, and national honor ? That is the in-
quiry which I propose by this resolution, and if
it is, then it will be more imperatively our duty to
increase the Navy, and thus enable the Executive
to execute his whole duty to the people of the
United State's as well as to foreign nations. I have
attached no blame to the President. I have sim-
ply stated a fact, which should be recorded in the
history of this country—that inefficient as our
Navy is, we have great and grand expeditions in
remote portions of the globe, away from our ter-
ritory, within which such expeditions as are re-
ferred to in the proclamation are being fitted out,
and there is not a ship of war to prevent their
sailing. The object of my resolution is to get in-
formation as to where our ship-of-war were sta-
tioned when these expeditions sailed from Cali-
fornia; and I wish to know what power the Presi-
dent has at his command to execute with effect
the proclamation which he has issued ? He
threatens punishment against the persons engaged
in such expeditions. What power has he to
bring those thus engaged before the courts—for
you cannot punish except where the crime is com-
mitted—and what forces, military ornaval, is there
on the Pacific to execute that proclamation ? For
what practical purposes is the proclamation is-
sued, when there is no power within the control
of the Executive on that coast to have it respected ?
It is well known to the Senator from Illinois,
and to every member of this body, that ever since
I have been at the head of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, I have been in favor of increasing the
Navy. It is known that I have, in my place, time
and again, brought forward and urged upon the
Senate the necessity of appropriating the amount
asked for in the estimates of the Navy Depart-
ment for that objecf. Here, in my place, as the
organ of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I asked
last session for the building of five or six additional
steamships-of-war; and during this session,by the
unanimous approval of the committee, brought
forward a report indorsing the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Navy to add six additional
ships-of-war to our Navy. I have at all times,
and on all occasions, advocated the increase of
