918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on thepasssge of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wilhs Allen, Banks,
Barkridaic, Barry, Benton, Bissell, Bu^s, (Jaiulhers,
Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Oonvin, Cutting,John G.
Davis, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Elliott, Ellison,
English, Ethendge, Farley, Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew
J. Harlan, Sampson VV. Hams, Harrison, Hastings, Henn,
Hibbard, Hughes, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kit-
tredge, Knox, Latham, Lmriiey, Lind^ley, MciJougall, Me-
Mullin, Mace, Maey, Maxwell, John G.'Miller, iSiimh Mil-
ler, Nichols, Olds, Mordecai Olivpr, Patker, Peck, Phelps,
Phillips, Richardson, Thomas Rttcliey, Rowe, Singleton,
Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith, I'Vdertck
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, llestor L. Stevens, An-
drew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Tweed, Uphnin, Vail, Vausant, YVfwle, Waliindge,
Warren, Elhlm B. VV.wiihurno, YVelK, John VWnuvortli,
Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, Yate-., and Zolhcoliur—SJ.
iVAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Ball, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Boyce, Bridges Carpenter, (.'handler, Ch.i-tani,
OiiriMmm, Clui^man, Cox, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Dickin-
son, Disney, Edmunds Edmuud^m, Faulkner, denton,
Ftillei, Goode,(Jiey, Grow, A.uon Uailau, Haven, Howe,
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, J. Gianey Jones, Kidwell, Kintz,
Letcher, Lilly, Meaeham, Middl^swarth, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Peeklmm, Powell, Piatt, Pinyear, David Ritchie,
Rogers, Ruifin, Race, Sapp, Sewaid, Shannon, Shdvv,
Snniuons, Gcrril Sm'th, G *oi««; VV. Smyth, ,
Stiaiton, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tiaey, Walh-y, i^iael
Washburn, and Witte—64.
So the bill passed.
Pending the c.ali of the roll on theabove vote,
Mr. INGERSOLL, who was not within the
bar when his name was called, asked unammouH
consent to have his name recorded in the negative.
Objection was made.
Mr. GOBI). { move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and-to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter molion; and
it was agreed to.
The Clerk reported the title of the bill, us fol-
lows:
A hill to entourage agriculture, commerce, man-
ufactures, and all other branches of iruhisiry, by
gi anting to every man who is the head of a family,
and a citizen of the United States, a homestead of
one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the
public domain, upon condition of occupancy and
cultivation of the same for the period herein spe-
cified, and to graduate and reduce the price of the
public iandN.
Mr. COOU. I move to amend the title, so ns
to nmke it read simply " A bill to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands to actual culti-
vators and settle™."
The amendment was adopted; and then the title,
as funended, was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the title was agreed to, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the tablt*.
The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If that motion prevails, 1 shall endeavor to have
the civil and diplomatic nppropiiatinn hill laid aside
for the purpose of taking up and considering the
deficiency bill, arid the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
Mr. EDGEHTON. This is private bill day,
and I therefore move that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Privute Oalemlai .
The SPEAKER. This being- private bill day,
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio takes pre-
cedence.
Mr SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Edgf.r-
ton's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private '
Calendar, (Mr. Taylor, of Ohio, m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order !
is hill No. 51, " for the relief of the widow and ;
heirs of Elijah Beebe."
This hill authorizes the Secretary of theTreas- I
ury to pay to the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe,
the sum of $3,000, being the amount ot principal
adjudged to be due and owing to the widow and
heirs of said Beebe from the confederated tribes
of the Sac and Fox Indians.
Mr. LETCHER. There was a motion, I be-
lieve, when the House was last in the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar, to strike
out the second section of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see the
gentleman in the House who reported this bill.
The CE1A1RMAN. There is no motion pend-
ing to strike out the second section of the bill, as
the Chair is informed by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. I was under the impression
that I had submitted that motion. If I did not, I
submit the motion now to strike out the second
section of the bill.
Mr. EASTMAN. I believe the bill has been
discussed scction by section, and I submit whether
it is in order now to make the motion to strike out
the second section.
Mr. WAStUlURNE, of Illinois. I believe,
when the Committee of the Whole were last con-
sidering this bill, that the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Oxm,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, was entitled to the floor.
A resolution was passed, after we went into the
House, limiting debate upon this bill to five min-
utes, after the consideration of the bill should be
again resumed in Committee of the Whole.
The CUAiRMAN. The Chair is informed
by the Cleric, that the motion to strike out the sec-
ond section is still pending, and that motion is
first to he considered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quit e whether 1 am not right, in point of fact, that
a resolution has been passed limiting debate upon
this bill?
Mr. EASTMAN. I find, upon reference to
the Congressional Globe of the date of the 10th
of March, that the gentleman ftom South Caro-
lina [Mr. Ouuj olfcied a resolution, which was
read and agreed to, to the elfect " that all debate
in Committee of the Whole upon the bill of the
House (No. 51) for the relief of the widow and
hens of Elijah Jleebe, shall cease in five minutes
after the consideration of it shall again be resumed
by the committee, unless the committee shall
sooner come to a conclusion thereon," &c. This
settles the question.
Mr. WASllIi[JUNE. I suppose, Mr. Chair-
man, that the bill is open to amendment after
debate is closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is; but the Chair is
advised that the motion made by the gentleman
from Vtigmia [Mr. Lktciier] to strike out the
sei ond section is now'pending, and the question
mim {11.4 be taken upon that.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the second sec-
tion may be read, that the House may know what
they aie voting upon.
The second section was read, as follows:
a /2mZ be it furthct cnactcA, That the Secretary of the
fntenor bo, amlumzed to deduct the said •sum of £3,0Hi
ln>m the fitanuuiheb to become due ftom the s>aul con-
luderate tubas of b.ics and Fox Indians."
Mr. LETCHER. Whatever may be the ac-
tion of the House in repaid to this bill, it seems
:j to me that the second section, if the bill shall be-
; come a law, is calculated to operate with great
j injustice towards these Indians.
: The House will recollect the facts in connection
'! with this matter. This claim originated some
twenty-odd years ago, and there is no evidence,
[; either in this report or otherwise, to show that it
I1 was brought to the attention of the Indians at all
j, until after an interval of some five or six years.
1 The intercourse act, as I understand it, requires
■ j that the Indians shall have notice of such facts
i| within one year, in order to hold them liable to
i. the Government of the United States, and to re-
imburse the Government for any wrongs com- '
muted by them upon individual citizens, it seems ;
to me that it would be a monstrous wrong to those >
people, when the Government of the United States, |
on its part, has not complied with the law m bring- !
; ing the matter to the attention of the Indians, in
order to give them an opportunity to explain it.
. It would be a great wromc to hold them responsible ■
, now, as they would be if this second section is not ;
| stricken out. Whatever, theiefore, may be the 1
! action of Congress in regard to the allowance of i
this claim, it ought not to affect the Indians them-
selves.
Mr. WASHBURNE. In regard to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] perhaps I have no objection, for
it does not affect the party interested.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that debate is in order only in
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I intend to speak to the
amendment. I was going on to say that it makes
no difference to the party interested, whether
this amendment be adopted or not. The Com-
i mittee on Indian Affairs placed this section in the
bill for the purpose, as I understand it, of giving
a discretion to the Secretary of the Interior to
deduct this amount from the annuity due to the
tribe of Fox and Sacs Indians, if he should con-
sider it just to do so. I think that is the true con-
struction of it. He is merely authoiized to deduct
it; but it is not imperative upon him to do so.
One word more in regard to another matter
which the gentleman from Virginia suggested, in
relation to the claim as it was originally filptl. I
understand that one of the principal objections
which the gentleman from Virginia had to the
allowance of this claim, when the subject was dis-
cussed a few weeks ago, was that there was no
evidence that the claim had been filed in the Indian
office wuhin a reasonable time after the depreda-
tions were committed.
I have here a letter from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, in regard to this subject, which re-
moves entirely the objection then raised by that
gentleman. It is as follows:
Department of thi: Interior, ?
Office Indian Affairs. mwck 1854. \
Sir. In reply to \ our note of the 2')ih ultimo. [ have the
ho'ior to transmit heiewith mi extract of >n much of hst
No. 2. ofdepiedation claims forwarded by Stipeuntendfnt
Cumimnjr to tins oitice, as inland to the claim of Elijah
Bet be. The oa:-e appears to have been filed in the uillceat
rit. Louis some tune in 182-2.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
(iMOKGE \V. MANYI'E\N\r, Commissioner.
Hon. E. B. Washih'rsi:, llow-cof Representatives,
It will be recollected that these depredations
were committed some time during the month of
October, 1821,so that,asl remarked, that the prin-
cipal objection of my friend from Virginia is thus
obviated by the testimony which I have here ad-
duced.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is altogether
mistaken in the conclusion to which he comes.
Ill the first place there were other objections
quite as important as the^one to which he alludes,
which I urged against this bill; but even this point
is not proved at all. The letter says the claim
was filed some time in the year 1822. Now, sir,
the depredations were alleged to have been com-
mitted m the month of October, 1821, and you
have no evidence in the letter that it was filed
within a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The probability is that
it was; but whether it was or not, in point of fact
makes no difference, as it was not required to
be filed within that time, there being no limitation
m the intercourse law of 1802. This claim does
not come under the limitations of the intercourse
law of 18."!4. That act prescribes a certain limit
within which claims arising under it must be filed
in the office of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs.
But there was no such limitation in the law of
1802. I3ut, sir, a gentleman is referred to in the
leportof the committee as certifying to the char-
acter and credibility of the witnesses—the honor-
able gentleman from Missouri—who is now in his
seat; and I presume he knows something of the
history of this matter. I desire to ask him if such
be the fact, and if he will state to the committee
his knowledge of this claim?
Mr. BENTON. This is five-minute debate,
is it not'
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BENTON. Plenty of time, and some to
spare, for so good a case as this is. In the first
place these parjiesare as good people as ever lived
in the world. Mr. Beebe and his wife were Con-
necticut people. I am a cotemporary of the time
when these depredations were committed. Mr.
Beebe died very soon afterwards, as it has been
stated. His children were then very young, and
it was not until a very long time afterwards that
they were able to attend to"this claim themselves.
Now, sir, I know all about this matter. It has
been shown that it did not come under the inter-
