THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1854.
New Series...JNQ. 112,
ican people in the defense of their country, I in-
tended to deny the assertion, (as every man within
the sound of my voice knows it has been asserted
again and again, in every part of this country, for
certain political purposes,) that we owed our in-
dependence merely to the bravery of the foreign-
ers who fought our battles; and while grateful for
all the efforts made in our behalf, 1 say that if for-
eigners had not fought in a single battle, we should
have achieved our independence against Great
Britain. Does the Senator deny that?
Mr. WADE. No, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. Very well, then there is no
difference between the Senator and me on that
point. But the issue between the Senator and
myself lies here: 1 complained that he said the
American citizen had no more right to the public
lands of the United States than foreigners had.
There was the issue. As to the immaterial points
started by him in the case, I do not think it worth
while to detain the Senate upon them. The posi-
tion which I took in reference to that matter here
on a former occasion, I maintain still in reply to
the honorable Senator, in every part.
Mr. WADE. 1 wish to inquire of the Senator
if he ever said these words: " The Senators from
New York arid Ohio will not so soon eat their
words, I think." Did he say that?
Mr. CLAYTON. I said that in substance. I
cannot say whether I said those words precisely.
It is evident I meant nothing offensive by them.
I said that the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from New York had, as I had explained it, dispar-
aged the American people, by insisting that for-
eigners had the same right to the public lands as
they had. It is plain that these words contained
nothing offensive to the Senator. Nothing was
further from my thoughts. But I did mean to call
him to a reckoning for the utterance of such a sen-
timent upon this floor.
Mr. WADE. Here is what I take exception
to:
" I am not one of those who persecute foreigners. T
never shall do it. I am no biijot; no sectarian. I seek to
persecute no man for his religion oi ins opinions. But I
am resolved that no others shall ever, by my vote or influ-
ence, be placed m any position where they can persecute
me or iny friends, or deny us either civi I or religious liberty
I have beard, during tiie progress of this debate, «ome
things uttered to the disparagement of a portion ot the
American "population, which can have but a very unfoitu-
nate effVet, in my opinion. I was asked by my honorable
friend fioui Iowa [Mr. Dodge] whether, in my judgment,
tile naturalisation laws should be repealed?"
Now, Mr. President, you will observe he says,
in the course of the debate, though he does not
disclose who said it, that there had been things
said exceedingly offensive, because they went di-
rectly to the disparagement of the American people.
The Senator from Iowa challenged the Senator to
know whether he was the man to whom healluded;
and, sir, he shrank back from that. He said no
more about it. I did not complain of his taking
me to task for what I said. 1 did say, and I say
again, that, as I understand it, neither a foreigner
nor an American-born citizen has a right to an
acre of the public land in this country. It all
belongs to the Government; she may rightfully
withhold it from native-born or foreign citizens.
It is really a question of policy whether she should
grant it to either. I agieed, as well as I could, for
the propriety and policy of handing it over in lim-
ited quantities to actual settlers, both to native-
born and foreigners, and said that 1 would not
discriminate between the one and the other.
While up, on this occasion, X will say that the
Government never has discriminated between for-
eigners and native-born citizens. Even without
making a declaration, sir, a foreigner may go into
the wilderness and may cultivate the land upon the
same conditions as the natiye-born; and it depends
upon himself whether he will make a declaration
or not. He will be anxious enough to avail him-
self of the privileges of an American citizen. The
law is so well aware of that fact, that it has never
asked him to become an American citizen, while
granting him the same privileges on the land as
the native-born. I see no reason to depart from
that now. If you sell the land at the same price,
112
why should you discriminate between them?
There is no reason for it. But I have already
said what I had to say on that subject.
But these words, in this connection, were ex-
ceedingly well calculated to mislead the public. If
the Senator had said no more in his speech than
he now claims he says, I would not have called
for an explanation of the charge. But the Sen-
ator says that [ have rested upon this speech, I
did not rest upon it as long as he did before he
published it. Opportunity I might have had, if I
had suspected there had been anything wrong in
it, to cali attention to it before. It is only just
now that I have had the opportunity to see it.
My attention has just been called to it, and I am
very glad that it has been. I have heard, during
the progress of this debate, certain things uttered
to the disparagement of a portion of the American
population. This is very offensive, and no gen-
tleman would like to have it said that he argued
here in disparagement of American citizens. That
would sound rather broad when it went out to the
public. Now he says he did not accuse us of it;
but, in his printed speech, after being interrupted
by the Senator from Iowa, he said: "The ben-
ators from New York and Ohio will not so soon
eat their words, I think." What words were
they? Here is my speech, as it came from the
hands of the reporter; and if you find a single
word or syllable from which any just inference
can be drawn that anything was said in dispar-
agement of American citizens, 1 will relieve you
from the charge of unfairness. The words, in the
connection in which they stand, are exceedingly
offensive; and, without explanation, would receive
no other construction than that the Senator fiom
New York and myself had stood forth here, with
some kind of language, utterly in disparagement
of American citizens, and discriminating in favor
of the foreigner against the American citizen. It
is a high charge for a Senator to make, that
others had uttered sentiments in disparagement of
American citizens, and then turn round and tell us
that we will not eat our own words, he thinks.
It is a thing that I will not stand here under pa-
tiently. I think it is offensive. But the Senator
having explained that he does not pretend that he
said that upon the floor, but merely said I argued
that, as an American citizen, I had no better right
to land than a foreigner, I care little about it.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is a matter of very great
indifference whether the honorable Senator is satis-
fied or not satisfied. If he is not satisfied, he is at
perfect liberty to take what satisfaction he dares
call for outside the Senate. Now, sir, he is sore
under what I said to him the other day when he
uttered sentiments that he new were indefensible.
He thought, sir, that he had no more right to the
public domain than a foreigner; he attempted to
explain it again, and again, and again; but he
never made it any better. When 1 said that he
would not eat his own words, I did not mean to
say anything disrespectful. I meant to say that
he would stand by what he had said. He made
various efforts to dodge his position; yes, sir, to
dodge the position he at first took he made efforts
to dodge his words, and, as it was, I could not
understand precisely at last what it was he did
mean. But, he says now that he said nothing
in disparagement of the American people. Why,
sir, did not he and the Senator from New York
dwell here for more than half an hour upon the
fact that the railroads and canals and the internal
improvements of the country had been built up
and made by foreigners? Was not that a dispar-
agement to the American people. Sir, it was not
only a disparagement to the American people, but
before God, it was untrue. It is an insult to the
American people to make such a declaration as
that. Not in disparagement to the American
people to tell us that we are indebted for ail our
improvements, our railroads and canals, to for-
eigners! I do not know what sort of an Ameri-
can feeling the honorable Senator entertains. 1
do not understand him, sir, but he is a very dif-
ferent American from whkt I am.
Sir, in regard to this whole subject, I was not
aware till a few minutes ago that it would be
called up again; but my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge] had spoken of a class in this country:
of whom I know nothing. He had spoken of
them in terms which I thought were not justifi-
able, stigmatizing them as contemptible, and, in
their defense, I only alluded to the simple fact that
•they had carried every American city where they
had raised their standard, and I thought that,
therefore, they could not be contemptible. I had
said, that so far as they were an American organ-
ization, the remark of the honorable Senator from.
Iowa was to the disparagement of them; but< he
said nothing in disparagement of the whole Amer-
ican people. I did not hear him say that we
were indebted for our internal improvements, our
railroads and canals, to foreigners. He made no
statement of that description. No, sir, it was re-
served for the Senators from New York and
Ohio; and I care not to which of them I speak
now, for they both stand in the same category.
They both spoke m such terms, that if anybody,
chooses to examine their language, they will see
that the tendency of their speeches was to exalt
foreigners at the expense of our native-born citi-
zens. Sir, I am an American in heart and eoul.
I belong to no faction; 1 seek aggrandizement and
honor from no party. A few years will terminate
my political career. The last spot I shall occupy
in public life is here on the floor of theSenate. I
have occupied some other places of some distinc-
tion in the country, but I have never known any
spot which I would not change for a seat on the
floor of the American Senate. I hold it as hon-
orable as any position under this Government;
and, therefore, sir, I come here for the purpose of
asking nothing from parties, or factions, or organ-
izations. I am speaking without any reference
to private interest. I am speaking without the
slightest regard to any effect it will have upon
me now or hereafter; but I do regard, I must say
to the honorable Senator from Ohio, the utterance
of such a sentiment as he uttered here upon this
floor, as deeply injurious to my countrymen, and
as eminently calculated to degrade the high char-
acter and name of an American citizen.
Mr. WADE. When 4he gentleman accuses
me of these things, I wish he would state m what
connection they occurred.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, I will give youthe
benefit of it. It is calculated to degrade the
American citizen, and to cheapen this thing called
American citizenship. It teaches him whose lot
has been cast, and whose ancestors5 lot was cast
here, that when you come to a distribution of the
benefits, or of the property of this Government,
he is not to be considered as possessing any pecu-
liar claims in any degree greater than an alien, no
matter from what portion of the world he may
come, be he a Turk, or belonging to any other
country. According to the doctrines of the hon-
orable Senator, they are as much entitled to the
lands as a native American citizen. Does not the
Senator feel that it degrades the just claims of
American citizenship?
Mr. WADE. No, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. He says he does not feel it
at all. No, sir; the Hottentot or Caffre is placed
beside an American Senator, and he has claimed
for him rights equal to those of his own as an
American citizen; and the Senator says he does
not feel that the name of an American citizen is
degraded by such an association. 1 enVy the feel-
ings of no man who cannot discriminate between
the wild Indian, the barbarian of Africa, or, as I
have said, the Turk or Hottentot, and the native
American who has grown up under our free insti-
tutions, who is bound to peril his life for his
country, who is liable to be called upon whenever
the country makes a requisition upon him to fight
her battles, who, if he is guilty of any overt act
designated in the Constitution and laws of the
country as amounting to treason, is liable to cap-
ital punishment for that act. I envy not the man
who cannot discriminate between him and a for-
eigner, who is liable during the whole time that he
remains in this country, until the period of actual
