1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions inquire
whether the laws need any amendment to give full etlect
to the design of Congress to give pensions to the widows
of officers and soldiers of the war of 1812. I
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bills:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending June
30, 1855;
A bill making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensioners of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1855;
A bill for the relief of the United States troops
who were sufferers by the recent disaster to the
steamship San Francisco;
A bill to constitute Q,uincy, in the State of Illi-
nois, a port of entry; and
A joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the expenses of a
board of commissioners appointed by the Territo-
rial Assembly of Oregon to prepare a code of laws;
and also to adjust the expenses of collecting and
printing certain laws and archives of the Territory
of Oregon.
Also, that the Speaker of the House had ap-
pointed Mr. Ewing of Kentucky, Mr. May of
Maryland, Mr. Parker of Indiana, Mr. Hughes
of New York, Mr. Kerr of North Carolina, Mr.
Barksdale of Mississippi, Mr. Brooks of South
Carolina, Mr. Banks of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Willis Allen of Illinois, a committee on the
part of that body, to join such committee as may
be appointed by the Senate, for the purpose of
taking into consideration the subject of amending
the Constitution in the mode of electing the Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of John
A. Ragan, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the petition of the
Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Memphis,
praying the erection of a marine hospital at that
place, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Isaac Yarn, Sr., praying indemnity for losses
incurred in the military occupation ofhis property,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were refened certain petitions
praving grants of land in aid of the construction
of railroads in the State of Wisconsin, reported
the following bills; which were read, and passed to
a second reading:
Bill granting a portion of the public lands to the j
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of |
a railroad in said State. j
Bill granting a portion of the public lands to the !
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of a j
railroad and branches in said State. j
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Patents ]
and the Patent Office, to which was refened the me- i
monal of the legal representatives of John Arnold, |
deceased, praying an extension of their patent, j
submitted a report, accompanied by a bdl for the ,
relief of George C. Bishop, and the lesral rep- 1
resentatives of John Arnold, deceased. The bill ,
was read, and ordered to a second reading. The !
report was ordered to be printed.
ZACHARTAH LAWRENCE.
Mr. WADE. The Committeee on Claims, to
which was referred the memorial of Zachariah
Lawrence, of Morgan county, Ohio, praying com-
pensation as prize money for the capture of a Brit-
ish sloop duiing the last war with Great Britain,
has instructed me to report a bill for his relief. I
ask the Senate to consider it at this time. It has
heretofore passed both branches of the National
? Legislature, but at different Congresses. I be-
3 heve there will be no objection to it.
* The bdl was read a iirst and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct that
$2,645 40 be paid to the memorialist, as his por-
tion of the prize money for capturing and taking
into the port of Passamaquody, in 1813, the Brit-
ish sloop Venture.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and was read a third time, and
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
to relinquish the reversionary interest of the United
States to a certain reservation therein mentioned,
and to confirm the title of Charles G. Gunter thereto;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
ADMISSION ON THE SENATE FLOOR.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by him
on the 12th instant, to amend the 48th rule of the
Senate.
Mr. BADGER. The resolution has been printed
as 1 originally introduced it. I have this morning
made*>me modifications in it which I will explain
to the Senate. The first is, that among the per-
sons who are to be entitled to admission upon the
floor there shall be added, at the suggestion of a
friend, " the clerk of the Supreme Court." That
is only one person, and will not enlarge the list
very much. The next is for the purpose of
amending so much of the rule, adopted at the
last session, as is embraced in these words :
el No peison, except members and officers of the Senate,
shall be admitted at either of the side doors of the Senate
Chamber."
The effect of that amendment to the rule, as
adopted at the last special session, is to exclude
members of the House of Representatives from
coming into our Chamber, except through the
main entrance. The impression, I understand,
has gone abroad—how, I know not—that the pro-
posed amendments, submitted by me the other
day, were intended to embrace the exclusion of
members of the House of Representatives from a
privilege which they had heretofore enjoyed. My
resolution, as originally offered, simply did not
touch the matter at all, but left it where it stood
at the last session of the Senate. At the same
time, I never favored a proposition for putting any
restraint upon the members of the other House as
to the door of entrance at which they should seek
to give us their company, being myself always
extremely glad to see them here, and to welcome
them, in whatever direction they come, and to
show them every civility in my power in return
for the manifold civilities I have received in my
visits which I make from time to time to the
House of Representatives.
1 propose, therefore, to insert these words: "and
members of the House of Representatives;" so
that it will read:
" No person, i \rppt members and officers of the Senate,
and members of the House of Representatives, shall be ad-
mitted at cither ot the side doors ot the Senate Chauibei."
At the suggestion of a Senator, 1 will explain
who, by the resolution, are to be allowed admis-
sion on the floor m addition to those allowed at
the last session. As the rule stood before, Minis-
ters from foreign Governments to the Government
of the United States, and their secretaries, were
admitted to the floor of the Senate; but, by some
strange oversight—I know not how it originated—
Ministers of the United States to foreign Govern-
ments, and their secretaries, were not admitted.
I thought that was a very unnecessary and invid-
ious distinction. The firstamendment, therefore,
proposed by the resolution is, to admit Ministers
of the United States to foreign Governments, and
theii secretaries, and persons who have held such
offices.
The next amendment is this: By the rule, as
it originally stood, members of the Legislatures of
the several States were permitted to come upon
the floor of the Senate, but the judges of the sev-
eral States were not, which I thought an invidious
i distinction. I therefore propose to admit judges
| of the courts of record of the United States, and
i persons who have held those offices. Again, the
! rule, as it stood, authorized the secretaries and
clerks of either House of Congress, and persons
who have held such offices, to come on the floor
of the Senate, but did not admit the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House of Representatives, which I
thought was an unnecessary exclusion; and there-
fore fpropose to insert "Sergeant-at-Arms."
A friend has just suggested to me that if the
proposition to admit all those who have been
judges in the different States is adopted, it may
admit too many on the floor. The-substantial
good of, and decent respect for, the State author-
ities, is what I go for; out as it may be preferred
that this alteration should be made, 1 will strike
out the words " and persons who have held those
offices," so as to make it apply to the existing
judges of the States.
Mr. STUART. I wish the Senator would re-
tain that.
Mr. BADGER. There is the difficulty. What
am I to do?
Mr. CHASE. That had better be left in.
Mr. BADGER. I do not want to appear to
oppose the desire of Senators.
Mr. HAMLIN. Put in the Superintendent of
the Public Printing. All will be in favor of that.
Mr. BADGER. Here I am again. I wish I
knew what the Senate wished. [Laughter.] My
friend from Maine suggests to me to put in the
Superintendent of Public Printing. I am in favor
of that. He says it will meet general approba- •
tion. Let the Secretary put in " the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing at the proper place.
Another friend suggests that the clerks to com-
mittees should be allowed to come on the floor. I
agree with that.
A Senator. Whv should they come here?
Mr. BADGER. We want to see them very
often.
Mr. SLIDELL. They are officers of the
Senate. '
Mr. BADGER. Certainly; we will so consider
them. They will therefore be included in the word
officers."
Mr. SUMNER. I move to add as an amend-
ment, after the words "officers of the Senate,"
the words " the editors of the daily papers in the
city of Washington."
Mr. BADGER. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will accept
the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; I protest against that.
If the editor of a paper has a right to come in by
virtue of any other office or claim, let him come;
but I do not wish to admit editors as editors.
A Senator. We do not want the " press-
gang."
Mr. CASS. Why confine it to editors in the
city of Washington? What reason is there for
that ?
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to move to insert,
after the words " Superintendent of the Public
Printing," the words "the Marshal of the United
States for the District of Columbia"' 
Mr. BADGER. That is right.
Mr. WALKER. And " the Deputy Postmas-
ter of the city of Washington." I believe he is
so termed in law.
Mr. BADGER. Why the Deputy Postmaster ?
The Marshal is right, but why the other ?
Mr. WALKER. I know no other reason than
this: I have myself had official business with him
here, and, as he was not admissible, I had to go
outside of the Chamber to see him.
Mr. BADGER. I will accept that as a modi-
fication of my resolution.
The resolution, as modified, reads as follows:
Resolved, That the 48th rule of the Senate be amended
to read as follows:
48. Ulie following persons, and none others, shall be ad-
mitted on the floor of the Senate: Members of the House
of Representatives, and their Clerk; the Secretary of State,
the Secretary ot the Treasury, the SecreUiy of the Interior,
the Secretary of War, the Secretary ofthe Navy, the At-
torney Oneial, and the Postmaster General: the Private
i Secretuivot the President; Chaplains to Congress; the
i Supenntendent ofthe Public Printing; the Marshal of the
| United State* for the District of Columbia; the Deputy
! Postmaster of the city of Washington; J udges ot the United
S States ; Clerk ofthe Supreme Coint; Foreign Ministers and
: their secretaries ; Ministers of the United States to foreign
! Government5!, and their secretaries, and persons who have
! been such Ministers or secretaries ; officers who, byname,
j ii<*ve iceened, or shall hereafter receive the thank1? of Con-
! gre*«? for their gallantry and good conduct in the service of
j their country, or who have received medals by a vote of
| Congress ; the Governor, loi the time being, of any State or
| Territory of Jhe Union ; the ex Governors of the several
1 States; judges of the courts of record of the sevei al btates;
i the ex-ofiiceis of the Senate ; sueh gentlemen a& have been
| head* of Departments, secretaries, clerks, Sergeants-at-
I Anns, or members of either branch of Congress; persons
