1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
in the open air, not two or three hours a day, but
for the whole day, and thattheir sons did the same
—even half-grown boys.
Well, the objections were voted down, and the
appropriations were carried—how many I do not
know, but I recollect one of §30,000. A great
many members of Congress had sons in the acad-
emy about that time. When I read the other day
the recommendation of those visitors, and saw the
appeal they made for help to the young gentlemen;
when I saw the words " danger to life and limb"—
those were the words, I think; am I mistaken?
Mr. HAVEN. I did not hear the gentleman.
Mr. BENTON. " Danger to life and limb"—
were not those the words?
Mr. HA.VEN. Those are the words, I believe.
Mr. BENTON. " Danger to life and limb;""
not of the horses, but of the young cadets in learn-
ing to ride in such naughty houses which had cost
so much money. When that was read in my
family, it was suggested by some of the children
thg.t the floor be carpeted, and mattresses be placed
around tKe room, so thatwhen the youngmeti roll
off their horses they may roll up against the mat-
tresses, so as not to endanger " life and limb."
[Laughter.] Why, sir, the five-year old boys of
the Utah nation would be ashamed to have them-
selves put into a house to learn to ride. These
five-year old boys will drive away the stock out-
side of any stockade in which these house-taught
riders command, who have learned to perform
equestration in a house. [Laughter.] I have au-
'thoiity for saying these five-year old Utah boys
would gallop around these house-taught riders all
day, and drive off their stock in their view.
I want the yeas and nays upon the amendments
when we get to the place for them-*when the bill
gets into the House, and I wish the provision m
regard to the entertainment of the visitors stricken
out. Surely, the race has not gone by, the race
is not wholly extinct, who do something for their
country without a mercenary motive, and a reward
either in meat or money. I can recollect when
the heads of the community, men of some age,
who had acted their parts, and provided for them-
selves and their families, were ready to give up
some share of time for the benefit of eleemosy-
nary and charitable institutions, and for public
institutions, such as colleges and universities, and
do it at their own expense. And then a high order
of men were got for the purpose. Now, disin-
terested service is getting out of date. Congress
offers inducement, in meat or money, to get vis-
itors. Those who value the inducement apply for
the place, and get it. High-minded men will not
contend with them. The visitation falls into unfit
hands, and the result is a report from the professor
himself, fathered by a committee of the visitors
who have begged their places, and get their meat
and wine free while wondering at what is shown
them, and signing what is drawn up for them.
Mr. Haven was here recognized by the Chair;
Mr. Ciiastain endeavoring to obtain the floor at
the same time.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman from New
York allow'me a moment to correct a misappre-
hension ?
Mr. HAVEN. I will, if I have the floor, and
I believe I have.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I claim the floor, Mr.
Chairman. I want to know if it has come to this,
that a gentleman cannot be recognized after he has
got the eye of the Chairman ? Is the floor to be
farmed out forever and ever ?
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to accommodate
my friend from Georgia, for I certainly do not
propose to discuss further this subject of riding.
1 understand my friend from Illinois [Mr. Bissell]
desires to make an explanation, and I yield to him
for that purpose.
Mr. BISSELL. I have only a few words to
Sa]vir. CHASTAIN. I insist upon my right to
the floor. . , .,
Mr. BISSELL. Well, the Chair must decide
who has the floor.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I supposed that I was rec-
ognized by the Chair, and therefore am entitled to
the floor. . , .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from New York first, and he understands
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell]
desires to make an explanation, and asks the gen-
tleman from New York to yield for that purpose.
The gentleman from New York has yielded for
that purpose; and the gentleman from Illinois has
the floor. But the Chair, aware that the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Chastain] desired to obtain
the floor, sent a messenger to him, to say that he
would recognize him immediately after the gentle-
man from New York yielded the floor, if he then
claimed it.
Mr. CHiWSTAIN. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me to say that I propose to
leave the city very soon; and 1 wanted very muifti
to make a tew remarks upon the Nebraska ques-
tion before 1 left. That was the reason of my
anxiety to ootam the floor at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bissell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHASTAIN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois did not get the floor; and I object to its being
farmed out in this manner.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish simply to say, that there
is-notagentleman upon thisfloorto whom I would
more cheerfully yield than the gentleman from
Georgia; but 
The CHAIRMAN. Did the Chair understand
the gentleman from Illinois to say that he only
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] for explanation, and that he still
claims it?
Mr. BISSELL. Oh, no. I gave up the floor
altogether to the gentleman from Missouri, and
now only asked the gentleman from JNew York to
yield it to me for an explanation.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it competent for one gen-
tleman to obtain the floor, and yield it to another?
The CHAIRMAN. He may yield it for ex-
planation.
Mr. SEWARD. I know it has been the cus-
tom to yield it on all occasions; but what I de-
sired to know was, whether he had a right under
the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. He has, for explanation.
The Chair decides that the gentleman from New
York is upon the floor, and he will proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. My rights here are equal to those
of any other member, and I mean to insist upon
the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the gentleman from New York is entitled to
the floor; and from this decision the gentleman
from Georgia appeals. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee ?"
Mr. HAVEN. I submit that it is not an ap-
pealable case. The committee have no right to
determine, and cannot determine, whether the
Chair saw me first, or the gentleman from Geor-
gia. That is a question which the Chair must
decide for himself. It depends upon his vision
and knowledge only.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was very well
aware of the fact that it was not a question upon
which an appeal could be taken, but he thought
it would be the easiest way to settle the question
between the gentleman from New York and the
gentleman from Georgia, as to who is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 do not understand the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Chastain] as having
taken any appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I have certainly taken no
appeal from the decision of the Chair. The ap-
peal I made was to the courtesy of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
New York is entitled to the floor, and will pro-
ceed.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say one word
for the purpose of putting this matter right in ref-
erence to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Chas-
tain.] There is no gentleman in this House to
whom I would have sooner yielded the floor than
lo that gentleman. I know of no other gentleman
whom 1 would sooner oblige; but I believe I am
under some obligations to the House in reference
to the discussion upon this bill to-day, so far as I
can control it, because it was rather as a matter of
grace that the House consented to go into com-
mittee upon it when I asked them to do so. The
gentleman from Georgia indicates his purpose to
address the committee upon the territorial ques-
i tion, and it seems to me it would be encroaching
' rather too much upon the kindness and good graces
of the House, for me to be a party to a speech on
that subject, after such consent was given to go
into committee upon this bill, with the understand-
ing that no general discussion of other subjects
would take place. I say, under these circum-
stances, it would be encroaching too much upon
the indulgence of the House for me, now, to yield
the floor to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.'
Chastaisj,] for the purpose indicated by him.
The gentleman from Illinois, however, has de-
sired me to yield him the floor for the purpose
of making some explanation in relation to the
remarks of the gentleman from Missouri, and I
yield him the floor for that purpose.
Mr. BISSELL. I did .not very distinctly un-
derstand all the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] v If, however, he in- *
tended any portion of them heard by me as a
reply to what I had previously said, then he must
have entirely misunderstood me, notwithstand-
ing the very great pains I took to avoid any such
misunderstanding on the part of any one. I ex-
pressly stated to the committee that this appro-
priation was not asked for upon the ground that
it was necessary to protect the cadets from the
weather. I stated that this was not the purpose
for which this hall was required, but that it was
required for the safety of the horses, to say
nothing about the cadets; and to allow of their
being drilled and exercised appropriately for eight
or nine months in the year instead of three or
four, as is now the case. And how is this argu-
ment replied to ? Why, by intimating that the
call for this appropriation is with a view to pro-
protect and screen the cadet from the vicissi-
tudes of the weather! And something is said in
this connection about their being less willing to
brave inclement weather, or less able to do it,
than the young women of New England—and
parasols and warm clothing is suggested for them.
Now, sir, is that any reply to my argument? Or,
rather, is it a fair response to the plain statement
of fact which 1 presented?
Then again we are told that the Utah boys of
five years old can ride the wildest horses, &c.,&c,,
and they aie not taught in riding halls. But what
has all that to do with the question before, this
committee? Is this establishment" kept up for them?
We all know very well that the Ulah, as well as ,
various other tribes of Indians, are remarkable
for their horsemanship; perhaps they are not sur-
passed by any nation or tribe of people on the
globe. But what, I ask again, has all that to do
with the question whether a riding hall shall be
erected at West Point?
Mr. Chairman, 1 repeat then, and it isall I hare
to say, that this appropriation is asked for because
it is believed that without it the Government will
not receive the full benefit of the. expense it has
incurred in keeping up that' institution. There
are but few months in the year, comparatively a
small portion of the year, wh£n the horses can be
exercised under the existing state of things at
West Point.
Mr. BENTON. I was replying to the visitors.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the committee do
now rise, with a view of closing debate on thia
bill. We may then resolve ourselves into the
Committee of the Whole, and finish the bill under
a five-minutes discussion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Jones, of New York} reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the amendments of the Senate to
House bill (No. 47) making appropriations for the
support of the Milrtary Academy at West Point
for the year ending June 30, 1855, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HAVEN. I now move the usual resolu-
tion to close debate on the Military Academy ap-
propriation bill within five minutes after the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall again resume its consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman will withdraw
his motion I think that'l can accommodate that
side of the House. I wish to accommodate the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Chastain,] and I
undetstand that it will meet with his wishes if he
can have the floor for five minutes. He can then
