1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July i8,
office receipts in that State for 1853, according to
a statement in the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] were $125,194 94, and the en-
tire east of transporting the mail, and the commis-
sions of the postmasters, and all expenses of the
Department, in and for that State, amount to
$112,654 24, leaving a surplus of §12,540 70. The
postage payers of Maine, then, sustain the Depart-
ment so far as they are concerned, and contribute
some $12,000 for carrying the mails in other States.
Bat the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] is not
satisfied with that, and he proposes to put upon
the newspaper readers of the State of Maine an
additional tax for the advantage of other States,
instead of requiring the Government to make up
• the balance by paying for services which it has
ordered and used, and which, if of any ad vantage,
are of advantage to the people generally. It is
unjust and unequal. It is oppressive upon the
people of that State—upon the newspaper readers
of that State. Maine now pays to the Depart-
ment a surplus of $12,000, not for her own use,
but anothers; you propose to increase this surplus
by raising, in effect, the tax on newspapers, so that
she will pay an excess over expenses of $20,000 or
$30,000, instead of $12,000. 1 protest against her
being1 made to contribute more largely to the mail
service than she now does; and maintain that the
deficit should be paid by theGeneral Government.
Therefore it is that 1 object to the passage of
this bill, and I hope it will either be referred to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of theUnion,
where it can be discussed fully and at length, or
be laid upon the table. I have already made the
motion to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and in accordance with
my promise to the gentleman from Ohio, I renew
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. 1 have risen to
reply to the question put by the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] when this bill
was under discussion, a few days ago; and when
I had no opportunity to reply to it. That question
was put to the opponents of the bill; and its words
were: u Are you not willing to have the Post Of-
fice Department sustained?" For one, I answer,
that I am not.
Government establishes a Post Office Depart-
ment; and arrogates the exclusive right to carry
our letters. It establishes its prices for the work;
and, then, if we hesitate to p*y, it scolds us with
the inquiry : " But are you not willing to have the
Post Office Department sustained?" We think it
wrong to be compelled to pay these prices—first,
because Government cannot do the work economi-
cally, and for reasonable prices—second, because
Government has no right to undertake the work;
and is guilty of usurpation in undertaking it. i
hold that Government is a usurper, whenever it
assumes a work which the people can do.
Suppose Government should establish a
" Clothes Department;" and should undertake to
clothe all the people, young and old, male and
female; and should claim the exclusive right to do
so? Along with the dresses it sends the bills. The
people grumble at both the bills and the usurpa-
tion;—at the bills, because they are twice as great
as would be the cost, were the work done by them-
selves; and at the usurpation, because it is so fla-
grant. But Government insultingly replies: "Are
you not willing to have the s Clothes Department*
sustained?" Would this be borne with? It would
not:—nor should the Post Office usurpation and
extravagance.
I ask the gentleman from Virginia, if he believes
that Government can carry our letters and news-
papers at as small expense as the work can be
done for by private enterprise? If he does, why
then, in the name of consistency, is he not in favor
of our making Government the carrier of our mer-
chandise and provisions and persons?—of passen-
gers and property? But that gentleman is a prac-
tical man. He is not, as in the public esteem I
am—a mere theorist. ■ He knows, better than I
can tell him, that it would not cost private asso-
ciations one half as much to carry the mail as it
costs Government.
But, he may say, that private associations
would, nevertheless, charge higher rates of post-
age than would Government. Again, I would
say, that the gentleman from Virginia is a practical
man; a man, too, of many ideas; and not labor-
ing under the reproach, as does my own unhappy
reputation,of being a naan of one idea. The gen-
tleman mast, therefore, know that when a work
is thrown open to unlimited competition, the
charge for it will be brought down to the neigh-
borhood of th^post of it. But, the gentleman will
perhaps say, tl)#tif Government gives up the Post
Office Department, individuals who live in remote
and-inaccessible portions of the country will not
be able to get their letters and newspapers, save
at great cost. But pray, what has Government to
do with such a fact? Suppose a man should perch
himself on the top of the Rocky Mountains, and
should complain to the Government, that it costs
him ten dollars to get a letter to his mountain
home; and should call on Government to deliver
his letters at ten cents a piece. Would Govern-
ment be bound to listen to his call? Certainly not.
If he will receive his letters under.a ten cents rate
of postage, let him come down from his eyrie,
and live among the comforts and accommodations
of civilized life. Government is no more bound
to indemnify him for the disadvantages of his
home, in respect to postage, than in respect to other
things. Nay, i insist that Government is no more
bound to carry letters cheap for its citizens, than
it is to make a poor man rich, a sick man well, or
an old man young. If people are tempted, by the
advantages of it, to take up their home in the
wilderness, let them bear its disadvantages pa-
tiently, as well as enjoy its.advantages gratefully.
The gentleman from Virginia professed his wil-
lingness to encourage private enterprise to come
into competition with the Post Office Department.
He told us that the bill provides for a virtual in-
crease of newspaper postage: and that, hence,
private enterprise could sustain an easier competi-
tion with the Post Office Depaitment. But the
competition, which he would encourage, is in car-
rying newspapers only. Newspapers, the price
for carrying which is but a few pennies a pound,
private associations may carry. But letters, the
price for carrying which is a dollar a pound, Gov-
ernment alone shall have the right to carry. Surely
the gentleman was not in earnest. He was but
joking. He was making experiments upon our
stupidity for t|ie amusement of himself and of
others, who love to see what easy dupes we are.
Were two gentlemen to sit down to a turkey; and
were one of them to tell the other that he might
have part of the bone—nay, that he might run his
chance for even ail the bone—but that all the meat
he must reserve to himself—the air of affected lib-
erality, with which-he would make this proposi-
tion, would be very like that, which characterized
the gentleman's similar proposition.
Had the gentleman from Virginia been candid
at this point, and really in earnest, to let individual
enterprise into competition with the Post Office
Department, he would have peimitted the compe-
tition to extend to the carrying of letters, as well
as newspapers. Make the competition thus com-
prehensive, and it would not endure long. In less
than six months the Government would fly from
it forever. So far as the carrying of letters and
papers is concerned, the occupation of the Gov-
ernment would soon begone.
" How long halt ye between two opinions?"
But this is not a pertinent quotation. We are not
divided in opinions. We are agreed, that this
work can be cheaper done, and, every way, better
done, by private enterprise than by Government.
But most of us shrink from openly favoring so
radical and important an innovation, as the break-
ing up of the Post Office Department. Unless it
be a person of a one-man party like myself, or a
person like the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] who is also of a one-
man party, I scarcely know any on this floor, who
have so little to win or lose, as to venture to iden-
tify themselves with this innovation.
But, Mr. Speaker, the people jvill ere long, de-
j mand this innovation—this breaking up of the
Post Office Department—in tones that cannot be
resisted.
The PostOffice Department is doomed, from its
own inherent falsity and folly. It must sink from
its own weight, if not sooner overthrown and dis-
placed by a rational and economical postal system.
It is a system, too, directly and glaringly m the
face of reason, common sense, justice, economy,
to live much longer. But I will not consume
more of the time of the House.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I
am desirous, before this measure is decided, to sub-
mit one or two considerations, which seem to me to
be of some importance, in view of the interests to
be prejudiced. I have no desire to enter at large
into ttiediscussion. In the first place, I am free to
say that I believe the bill is one of the most mis-
chievous thathas been introduced here this session.
Although I have listened with much interest to
the arguments which have been addressed to the
House in support of the bill, still, in view of the
facts now existing in the Departmentand country,
I am unable to see the ground upon which gen-
tlemen can stand to ask us to increase the price
of newspapers by augmenting the postage on
them for transportation through the mails. If I
understand correctly, the object of the bill is, to
derive revenue by imposing a tax on thereaders of
printed matter. It repeals the discount now al-
lowed for prepayment, and thereby doubles the
postage, or tax, on printed matter. I contend
that the bill is wrong m principle. Indeed, it
seems to me that the case must be urgent which
would call for the throwing of obstacles in the
way of the onward progress of the intellect of
the country; and unles the chairman of the com-
mittee shall show to the House that the strong
necessities of the Government require it, the
House will hesitate long before they pass such a
law.
It is contended that the Post Office Department
should sustain itself, and it is contended that those
who use the Post Office Department should pay
for its privileges; and,as I understand it, upon
these two grounds the argument in favor of the
bill rests. So far as the first proposition is con-
cerned, I think the time has come when we should
examine with great care the proposition itself, to
see if it is well founded. 1 know very well that
by reference to early reports in connection with
the Post Office, it will be found to have been as-
sumed as a principle that the Department should
pay for itself. But I undertake to say, that the
facts now existing, and the experience of the past
few years, have shown to us that in this country,
whatever may be the result elsewhere, it is not the
principle upon which the Department should rest.
If it is, 1 am still prepared, as I think, to show that
in proper time the Department would be able to
sustain itself. The experiment has not been tried
long enough, and there have been obstacles thrown
in the way which have prevented, its successful
working; and I think that in time the Department,
under the present rates of postage, will abundantly
support itself.
But, waiving this, I ask what ground is there
for contending that the Department should sup-
port itself in the United States? While we are
organizing Territories, and while we are estab-
lishing post routes in parts of the country sparsely
settled, and while we are putting upon the Depart-
ment the burden of sending from post to post
the immense amount of matter franked by Con-
gress and by every branch of the governmental
departments, how can it be contended here, un-
der these circumstances, that the theory of the
Post Office Department would require that it should
support itself. No gentleman has given a good
reason why it should,any more than that any other
department of the Government should sustain
itself. I suppose the honorable chairman of the
committee will agree that, up to 1852, the Depart-
ment did more than sustain itself. I have here
a statement of the aggregate amount of the re-
ceipts aw! expenditures of the Department from
1790 to 1851 inclusive, and I find that the expenses
of the Department were $65,157,000, while the
receipts of the Department during the sameperiod
were $65,819,000, leaving1 a balance to the credit
of the Department of $668,000, more or less.
That estimate terminates with the year 1851.
In the year 1852 the deficit was about $200,000.
That is to say, up to the year 1853, there was
to the credit of the Department something over
$400,000. I suppose it is true that in the year
1853 the deficit in the Department from the re-
ceipts over the expenditures was very large. I
am not aware that the amount has been stated
precisely m the course of this discussion. To
what is this deficit attributable ? I would like the
ohairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to say to what he thinks that deficit
in the Department is fairly attributable; and to
say whether it be not attributable to three causes;
not to the diminished postage alone, by any
means, but to the great increase in the number of
post routes, in the expensive character of those
