212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
who. for the time being, belong to the respective State and
Territorial Legislatives; and persons belonging to such
Legislatures ot foreign Governments as are in amity with
the United States.
No peison, except members and officers of the Senate,
and members of the House of Representatives, bhal! be ad-
miued at either of the side doors ot the Senate Chamber;
and all persons claiming admission on the floor, excepting
members and the Clerk and Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
of "Representatives, for the time being, the heads of the
several Departments, the Private Secretary of the President,
the Chaplains to Oongiess, Judges of the United States,
and of she several States, foreign Ministers and their sec-
retaries, Ministers and ex Ministers of the United States,
their secretaries and ex-secretaries, and officers who, by
name, shah have received the thanks of Congress, or med-
als by a vote of Congress, shall (each time before being ad-
mitted upon the floor) enter their names, together with the
official position in right of which they claim admission, in a
book to be provided artd k^pt at the mam entrance tp the
Senate Chamber; and no person except members of the
Senate shall be allowed within the bar of the Senate, or to
oceupy the &eat of any Senator.
Mr. CHA.SE. Mr. President, I would submit
to the Senator from North Carolina, whether it
would not be better to retain the language as he
originally proposed it, so that gentlemen who have
been judges in the several States may he admitted.
1 trust he will retain the original phraseology in
that respect, as it was introduced. We know
perfectly well there are gentlemen of high standing
who have been judges in the several States; and J
know no reason why they should not be admitted
here as well as those who are now judges.
Mr. BADGER. I have personally no objection;
but 1 did not desire to oppose the wish of the
Senate, and thus raise a question on the point. A
number of Senators say it would notbeconvenient.
Some say there would be a hundred thousand of
them coming here—[Laughter]—and that, there-
fore, we shall be unable to admit them. "When
we get into our new Hall, so that we can admit
three or four regiments, we shall accommodate
them with pleasme.
Mr. BUTLKR. I ask my friend from North
Carolina whether, under the terms of his resolu-
tion, the clerks of committees will be allowed to
come here?
Mr. BADGER. We have agreed, commonly
in the Senate, that clerks of committees shall be
understood to be embraced in the term "officers
of the Senate."
Mr. BUTLER. Very well, sir. It is very
convenient sometimes to see them here.
Mr. CHASE. I would also inquire of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina whether it would not be |
well to add to the rule the clause of which so
much has been said in reference to certain treaties,
"and the same shall be religiously observed?"
Such rules have not been, heretofore, very much
observed. {"Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. I should dislike very much to
have any such clause there, because we have re-
cently had an explanation of what the religious
sense of the observance of treaties means, f hope
the Senate will observe the rule faithfully, and not
in the way which certain treaties are religiously'
observed. [Laughter.]
The question"was taken on the resolution, and
it was unanimously agreed to.
compensation to clerks.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to offer a resolution
for the purpose of removing a small case of hard-
ship, which I know the Senate will approve. It
is known to you, sir, and to all the Senate, that
certain committees of this body have been m the
habit of having clerks allowed them, and that
some of our committees had employed clerks be-
fore the resolution was passed authorizing their
appointment at this session, duringwhich time the
clerks were diligently engaged in the discharge of
their duties. Tofler this'resolution now, so that
the little pay may not be lost. I hope it may be
considered immediately:
Jlaolveiu That such of the clerks to ^tamling committees
as have been on duty since the tir-st day of iln& session he
paid therefrom.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
"mary c. hamilton.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill for the relief of Mary
C. Hamilton. It was reported upon favorably
by the Committee on Pensions at the last session
\of Congress, and passed the Senate; but was not
a<5ted upon in the House. It has been again re-
ported at this session. It is a very meritorious
case. If necessary, I will ask that the report of
the committee be read, to satisfy Senators of the
justice of the claim.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
It provides that Mary C. Hamilton, widow of
the late Captain P. Hamilton, of the second regi-
ment of dragoons, be entitled to receive such pen-
sion, commencing from and after the day of the
death of her husband, as she would have been en-
titled to had he died in consequence of wounds
received in battle-
Mr. FOOT. I will state the facts in order to
save time, unless some Senator desires to hear the
report read. It appears from the evidence, and
was so reported, that the husband of this peti-
tioner died in consequence of a severe wound re-
ceived by the kick of a horse while in the service
in the Mexican war.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
j. boyd.
On motion by Mr. SEIDELL, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of J. Boyd, of Louisi-
ana. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to pay him $275 for the expenses incurred
by him in taking the census of the parish of Iber-
ville, Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
The bill from the House of Representatives ex-
planatory of an act entitled " An act for the relief
of Benjamin S. Roberts," was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FOOT. I ask that that bill may bo read a
second time now, for the purpose of being con-
sidered and put upon its passage. A word of ex-
planation will satisfy every Senator that it ought
to pass.
It was fully considered by the Committee on
the Judiciary in the House of Representatives,
recommended unanimously by the committee, and
unanimously passed by the House. It is explan-
atory of a bill which passed at the last session for
the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts, and its object
is to substitute in place of the words in that bill
" full amount of his pay and subsistence," which
the officers of the Department construe to mean
part of his pay, the words " pay for emoluments
and allowances, in conformity with the recom-
mendation of Senate Report 225, on which said act
passed both Houses of Congress without amend-
ment.It having been decided by the accounting
officers of the Department that the terms "full
pay and subsistence" do not mean full pay, the
object of the bill is to put in other terms, which
cannot be mistaken.
The bill was read a second time by unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to suggest, while the
subject is before the Senate, that if the words " full
pay" mean, in the Executive Departments, half
pay, it might be well if the Judiciary Committee
would endeavor to get a glossary of words ar-
ranged, together with the meaning which they
sustain in the Executive Departments.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
troops on the san francisco.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of the United States troops who were
sufferers by the recent disaster to the steamship
San Francisco, was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the bill will now be
considered, and put upon its passage.
Mr, DAWSON. I think it had better be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. It
can be reported back by Monday.
It was so referred.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives '
making appropriations for the payment of invalid '
and other pensioners of the United States, for the j
year ending the 30th of June, 1855, was read twice [
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1855, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, authorizing tlie accounting officers of
the Treasury to adjust the expenses of the board
of commissioners, appointed by the Territorial
Assembly of Oregon, to prepare a code of laws;
also, to adjust the expenses of collecting and
printing certain laws and archives of theTemtory
of Oregon, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
constitute Ctuincy, in the State of Illinois, a port
of delivery, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT g;ave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act to
explain an act entitled "An act to establish cer-
tain post roads, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1853.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time devoted thereto, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 19, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mtlburn.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the House, trans-
mitting estimates for an appropriation to supply
deficiencies in the appropriation for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1854, which are necessary to the
execution of existing orders of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. "HIBBARD. I wish to withdraw from
the files of the House the petition and papers of
Salisbury Wheeler, for the purpose of reference
to the Commissioner of Pensions.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
it will be so ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petition and papers
of Harriet Baker, with a view to having one or
two of the papers translated, as they are in the
Portuguese language. They will be immediately
returned to the House.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
call up a resolution which lies upon the Speaker's
table. It is a mere matter of inquiry.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Rejoiced, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the progress that has hpen made
in the improvement of the Rock Island and Des Moines
Kapids under the appropriation of $100,000 made by thu
la^t Congress, what plan of improvement has been adopted,
how much work has been accomplished, the character of
such work, and what amount of such appropriation has
been expended."
_ The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, to introduce the following res-
olution.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs* be in-
stiucted to lnqune mfo the expediency of "constructing a
road from Great Salt Lake City, via Provo, Fillmore City,
and Paruvrin, to Harmony, in the Teiritorv of Utah, and
thence to the eastern boundary of California, for military
and other purposes, and that said committee report by bill
or otherwise.
The resolution was, by unanimous consent, con-
sidered and adopted.
