1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§23
land district in the State of California, to be composed of
the couimes of Humboldt, Trinity, Yreka, and Kiumoth.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they hacts concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the House bill for the relief
of William B. Ed wards, and to the House bill for
the relief of Mary Deany, widow of the late Lieu-
tenant James A. Deany, of the United States
Army.
Also, that the House had passed the bill from
the Senate for the relief of John Grusman, of
Louisiana.
Also, that they had passed a bill for the relief of
the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe; and
A bill to graduate and reduce the price of the
public lands to actual cultivators and settlers.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed three enrolled bills.
The PRES1DEN f pro tempore then signed the
enrolled bills for the relief of William B. Edwards;
for the relief of Mary Deany, widow of the late
Lieutenant James A. Deany, of the United States
Army; and for the relief of the legal representatives
of.lsaac P. Simonton.
spiritual manifestations.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I beg leave
to present to the Senate a petition, with some
fifteen thousand names appended to it, upon a very
singular and novel subject. The petitioners rep-
resent, that certain physical and mental phenom-
ena of mysterious import have become so preva-
lent in this country and Europe as to engross a
large share of public attention.
A- partial analysis of these phenomena attest
the existence:
First. Of an " occult force," which is exhibited
in sliding, raising, arresting, holding,suspending,
and otherwise disturbing ponderable bodies, ap-
parently in direct opposition to the acknowledged !
laws of matter; and transcending the accredited |
powers of the human mind.
Secondly. Lights of various forms and colors,
and of different degrees of intensity, appear in
dark rooms, where chemical action, or phosphor-
escent illumination, cannot be developed, and
where there are no means of generating electricity,
or of producing combustion.
Thirdly. A variety of sounds, frequent in oc-
currence, and diversified in character, and of sin-
gular significance and import, consisting of myste-
rious rappings, indicating the presence of invisible
intelligence. Sounds are often heard like those
produced by the prosecution of meShanical oper-
ations—like the hoarse murmurs of the winds and
waves, mingled with the harsh creaking noise of
the masts and rigging of a ship laboring in a rough
sea. Concussions also occur, resembling distant
thunder, producing oscillatory movements of sur-
rounding objects, and a tremulous motion of the ]
premises upon which these phenomena occur.
Harmonious sounds as of human voices, and oilier
sounds resembling those of the fife, drum, trum-
pet, (fee-, have been produced without any visible
agency.
Foi#thly. All the functions of the human body
and mind are influenced, in what appear to be
certain abnormal states of the system, by causes
not yet adequately understood or accounted for.
The " occult force" or invisible power, frequently
interrupts the normal operation of the faculties,
suspending sensation and voluntary motion, and
reducing the temperature of the body to a death-
like coldness and rigidity; and diseases hitherto
considered incurable have been entirely eradicated
by this mysterious agency.
'The petitioners proceed to state that two opin-
ions prevail with respect to the origin of these
phenomena. One ascribes them to the power and
intelligence of departed spirits, operatin^-upon the
elements which pervade all material forms; the
other rejects this conclusion, and contenusthat all
these results may be accounted for in a rational
and satisfactory manner.
The memorialists, while thus disagreeing as to
the causes, concur in opinion as to the occurrence
of the alleged phenomena, and in view of their
origin, nature, and bearing upon the interests of
mankind, demand for them a patient, rigid, scien-
tific investigation; and request the appointment of
a scientific commission for that purpose.
I have now given a faithful synopsis of this
petition, which, however unprecedented in itself,
has been prepared with singular ability, present-
ing the subject with great delicacy and moderation.
I make it a rule to present any petition to the Sen-
ate which is respectful m its terms, upon any sub-
ject which the petitioners may desire to bring to
the attention of this body. But having discharged
this duty I may be permitted to say, that the prev-
alence of this delusion, at this age of the world,
amongst any considerable portion of our citizens,
must originate, in my opinion, in a defective sys-
tem of education, or in a partial derangement of
the mental faculties, produced by a diseased con-
dition of the physical organization. I cannot,
therefore, believe that it prevails to the extent in-
dicated in this petition. Different ages of the
woild have had their peculiar delusions. Alche-
my occupied the attention of eminent men for
several centuries. But there was something sub-
lime in alchemy. The philosopher's stone, or the
transmutation of base metSls into gold, the elixir
vitce, or water of life, which would preserve youth
and beauty, and prevent old age,decay, and death,
were blessings which poor humanity ardently de-
sired, and which alchemy sought to discover by
perseverance and piety.
Roger Bacon, one of the greatest alchemists,
and greatest men of the thirteenth century, whilst
searching for the philosopher's stone, discovered
the telescope, burning glasses, and gunpowder.
The prosecution of that delusion led, therefore,
to a number of useful discoveries, in the six-
teenth century, flouiished Cornelius Agrippa, j
alchemist, astrologer, and magician, one of the
greatest professors of hermetic philosophy that ever
lived. He had all the spirits of the* air and
demons of the earth under his command, l'aulus
Jovius says " that the devil, m the shape of a large !
black doz, attended Agrippa wherever he went." I
Thomas~Nash says that " at the request of Lord
Surrey, Erasmus, and other learned men, Agrippa
called up from the grave several of the great phi-
losophers of antiquity; among others, Tully, whom
he caused to redeliver his celebrated oration for
Roscius." To please the Emperor, Charles the
V., he summoned King David and King Solomon
from the tomb, and the emperor conversed with
tlfem long upon the science of government. Tins
was«8Sglorious exhibition of spiritual power, com-
pared with the insigmfcant manifestations of the
present day.
I will pass over the celebrated Paracelsus, for
the purpose of making allusion to an Englishman,
with whose veracious history every one ought
to make himself acquainted. In the sixteenth
century, Doctor Dee made such progress in the
"Talmudic Mysteries," that he acquired ample
power to hold familiar converse with spirns and
angels, and to learn from them all the secrets of
the universe. On one occasion, the angel Uriel
gave him a black crystal, of a convex form, which
he had only to gaze upon intently, and by a strong
| effort of the will, he could summon any spirit he
wished to reveal to him the secrets of futurity.
Dee, in his veracious Diary, says, that one day,
while he was sitting with Aibertus Laski, a Polish
nobleman, " there seemed to come out of the ora-
tory a spiritual cieature, like a pretty girl, of seven
or nine years of age, attired on her head, with
her hair rolled up before, and hanging down
behind; with a gown of silk of changeable red
and green, and with a train. She seemed to play
up and down, and seemed to go in and out behind
the books, and as she seemed to go between them,
the books displaced themselves and made way for
her." ThfeJ I call a spiritual manifestation of the
, most interesting and fascinating kind. Even the
i very books felt the fascinating influence of this
: "spiritual creature," for "they displaced them-
selves and made way for her." Edward Kelly,
an Irishman, who was present, and who witnessed
this beautiful apparition, verifies the Doctor s
statement; therefore it would be unreasonable to
doubt a story so well attested.^ Doctor Dee was
the distinguished favorite of Kings and Queens—
a proof that spiutual science was held in high
repute in the good old days of Gtueen Elizabeth. ^
But, of all the professors of occult science, her- j
metic philosophy, or spiritualism, the Rosicrucians 1
were the most exalted and refined. With them
the possession of the philosopher's stone was to be
the means of health and happiness; an instrument
by which man could command the services of
superior beings, control the elements, defy the ob-
structions of time and space? and acquire the
most intimate knowledge of all the secrets of-the
universe. These were objects worth struggling
for. The refined Rosicrucians were utterly dis-
gusted with the coarse,gross, sensual spirits who
had been in communion with man previous to
their day; so they decreed the annihilation of them
all, and substituted in their stead a race of mild,
beautiful, and beneficent beings. The spirits of
the olden time were a malignant race," and took
especial delight in doing mischief; but the new
generation is mild and benignant. These spirits,
as this petition attests, indulge in the most inno-
cent amusements and harmless recreations, such
as sliding, raising and "tipping" tables, producing
pleasant sounds and variegated lights, and some-
times curing diseases which were previously con-
sidered incurable; and, for the existence of this
simple and benignant race, our petitioners fire
indebted to the brethren of the Rosie Cross.
Among the modern professors_of spiritualism,
Cagliostro was the most justly celebrated. In
Paris his saloons were thronged with the rich and
noble. To old ladies he sold immortality, to
young ones he sold beauty that would endure for
centuries; and his charming countess gained im-
mense weallh by granting attendant " sylphs" to
such ladies as were rich enough to pay for their
services. " The Biographic des Contemporoins,"
a work which our present mediums ought to con-
sult with care, says, "There was hardly a fine
lady in Paris who would not sup with the shade
of Lucretius in the apartments of Cagliostro; there
was not a military officer who would' not dis-
cuss the art of war with Alexander, Hannibal, or
Ctcsar; or an advocate or counsellor who would
not argue legal points with the ghost of Cicero."
These were spiritual manifestations worth paying
for; and all our present degenerate mediums would
have to h.de their diminished heads in the presence
of Cagliostro. It would be a curious inquiry to
follow this "occult science" through all its phases
of mineral magnetism, animal magnetism, mesmerism,
&c., until we reach the present latest and lowest
phase of all "spiritual manifestation." But I
have said enough to show the truth of Burke's
beautiful aphorism, " The credulity of dupes is
as inexhaustible as the invention of knaves."
Mr. WELLER. What does the Senator pro-
pose to do with the petition?
Mr. PETTIT. Let it be referred to the three
thousand clergymen. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHIELDS. I present the petition. _
Mr. SUMNER. To what committee is it to be
referred ?
Mr. WELLER. I suggest that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SHIELDS. I am willing to agree to that
reference.
Mr. WELLER. It may be that we may have
occasion to enter into diplomatic relations with
these spirits. [Laughter.] If so, it is a proper
subject for the consideration of that committee. It
may be necessary to ascertain whether or not
Americans, when they leave this world, lose their
citizenship. It may be expedient that all these
grave questions should be considered by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, of which I am an
humble member. 1 move its reference to that
committee.
Mr. MASON. I really think it has been made 1
manifest by the honorable Senator who has pre-
sented the petition, that he has gone further into
the subject than any of us, and that his capacity
to elucidate it, is greater than that of any other
Senator; I would, therefore, suggest to him that
it should either go to a select committee on his
motion, or be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, of which he is chairman. Certainly
the Committee on Foreign Relations have nothing
to do with it. Perhaps it would be better to allow
the petition to he on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is an important subject,
and should not be sneered away in this manner.
[Laughter.] I was willing to agree to the motion
of the honorable Senator from California; but I
do not wish to send the petition to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, unless the chairman of that
committee is perfectly satisfied that he can do the
subject justice. I had thought of proposing to
refer the matter to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, because there may be a
