1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
routes, and in the immense amount of privileged
correspondence and franked documents? Will
the honorable chairman tell us how many new
post routes—expensive post routes—have been
established in parts of the country where self-
support would be impossible, since the latter part
of 1852? Will the chairman also say to us how
much matter hag been franked from the Depart-
ments, and by members of Congress? I under-
take to say, and I desire to be corrected if my
statement is not true, that it has been found, by
examination at the Post Office Department, that
if the amount of matter mailed from the Depart-
ments by the different branches of Government,
and by members of Congress were estimated, it will
come to a larger sum that; the deficit in the ac-
counts of the Post Office Department. 1 under-
stand that on that point there has been an esti-
mate made at the Post Office in the city of Wash-
ington. t desire to know whether i am or am
not correct in that respect. And I understand
that it was ascertained by one month's careful in-
vestigation—so far as an approximate estimate
could be made-^that the deficit would be more than
made up, if the amount of matter sent by the
Government, and franked by members of Con-
gress, were paid for.
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts allow me to reply to his inquiry ?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. OLDS. The estimate of the deficit of the
Post Office Department for the present fiscal year
is §1,800,000. The actual deficit will be over
$2,000,000. The estimated deficit for the next fis-
cal year is $2,440,000 additional. I cannot now
say what the actual deficit will be. Let it be re-
membered that this sum does not embrace the
amount for ocean mail steamers, $1,500,000. Add
that to the deficit for the present year, and it will
make it $3,500,000, and it will make the deficit of
the next fiscal year $4,000,000. Thefree matter sent
by the Post Office Department estimated from that
for the month of January, would be $1,440,000.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the honorable gentleman has replied
distinctly to one of my inquiries, whether, if the
whole amount of matter mailed from all the De-
partments, and from the legislative halls, were
paid for, the deficit in the Post Office Department
would not be made up ?
Mr. OLDS. [ said that the whole of it would
amount, according to the account for the month
of January—m which the account was kept at
the Post Office Department for the legislative de-
partment of the Government, and all the Execu-
tive Departments—to some $1,440,000. That is
for the whole. While the deficit, leaving out the
ocean steamer service, is $2,440,000.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand the honorable gen-
tleman to speak of the actual deficit of 1853, esti-
mating the amonnt of mail matter according to
the account kept during the month of January,
1854, which would reduce, according tothatstate-
ment, the deficit about one half, excluding the ex-
penses of the ocean mail steamer service. I do
not find, from the statistical tables of the Depart-
ments which have been furnished to this House, the
means of ascertaining how far the gentleman is
or is not correct. To this deficit it is said much
would be added by the ocean steamer service.
Mr. OLDS. It is an easy matter to ascertain
what that is. Those services are matter of con-
tract. We pay $870,000 to the Collins mail line,
and $730,000 to the San Francisco line per annum,
making more than $1,500,000. The estimated
deficit of the Post Office for the last year was
$1,800,000, but the actual deficit was upwards of
§2,000,000. The estimated deficit for the next
fiscal year is $2,400,000.
Mr. ELIOT. In 1852 the change was effected
in the legislation.
Mr. OLDS. Upon newspapers only.
Mr. ELIOT. And when upon other mail mat-
tcr ^
Mr. OLDS. In 1851.
Mr. ELIOT. The amount of deficit in that
year was about $200,000. That was the year in
which the postage was changed upon the news-
papers. *
Mr. OLDS. For the first fiscal year after the
act of 1851 went into operation, the deficit was
over $200,000. Under the law of 1852, the post-
age on newspapers had fallen off over $600,000.
That was embraced ill the receipts of the Depart-
ment for the first fiscal year after the act of 1851
went into effect.
Mr. EISlOT. To what does the gentleman at-
tribute the fact, that, during the first year after the
law was changed, the deficit was so small as the
amount named, $200,000; which is about the
! amount of deficit shown by the official returns?
| Mr. OLDS. The gentlemen himself states one
! of the reasons. We have established new mail
] routes and new offices.
! But there is another reason, and it is the in-
j creased expenditure of the Department upon the
J railroads of this country. This is adding hun-
| dreds of thousands to the expenses of the Depart-
ment every year.
1 Mr. ELIOT. And I pray to ask,if, because of
: this expenditure, thus increased, the reading pub-
| lie, that portion of the people who read papers and
, pamphlets, should be taxed to pay it? ,
Mr. OLDS. Do not they getall the advantages I-
i of the mail service?
j Mr. ELIOT. It is very well known, if we re-
gard the public m these United States, if we take
into account the fact that everybody is busy all
the time, busy at the desk, the counting-room, at
! the wharf, in the workshops and in the legislative
! halls; busy everywhere, it is perfectly obvious
I that the fact must be, and we know the fact is,
! that the great amount of information derived by
! the people of the United States, is derived from
J the periodical press of the country. Why, Mr.
Speaker, we cannot, as a people, read books.
1 There is, to be sure, a vast amount of that species
: of reading done; more of it, perhaps, than m any
i other country. But as a people we cannot read
I books requiring time and thought, and our read-
I ing is mostly of newspapers and periodical publi-
] cations. The larger part of the acquired knowl-
: edge of our people is from the periodical literature
of the country, and of this the daily issues of the
press constitute a large portion.
I had the honor of a conversation the other day
with a gentleman who occupies an enviable place
in this House, who said to me—and his statement
would be that of many others upon this floor—
that he was brought up on a farm, that his muscle
was developed behind the plow, and that his
reading of books was done at night and on rainy
: days. But he said that for the last ten years his
' incessant occupation had almost disabled him from
| reading books; and that is the experience of thou-
sands m the country. They cannot read books; ;
| but their reading is principally confined to newspa- i
: pers and periodicals. But now the attempt is made i
: to compel this portion of the public to pay twice the j
, present amountof postage charged on that species j
of reading where it passes through tne post office. I
Mr. OLDS, (interrupting.) No, sir; that is [
■ not the object or effect of the bill. It is to make j
| the men who read the newspapers pay for them, j
!: and not the public. Under the present arrange- j
j; ment, the public have to pay for the newspapers, .
ii and not the men who read them. j
jj Mr. ELIOT. Very well. But you make the ;
!! readers pay twice as much. I
! Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir; that is just it. I
Mr. ELIOT. But it does not appear that the |
readersof newspapers do notnow pay their proper j
' share. Let the Government cease to interfere at i
, all. Let the Government lift its hand altogether, j
: Let private enterprise do the work, or let the rates i
i of postage, so far as the press and our periodical i
I literature are concerned, remain as they are. Do j
| not let us, as the honorable gentleman from Ohio i
! asks us to do, take a step backward. ;
i It has been contended that if this bill should j
! pass, newspapers will, to agreat extent, be carried ,
from place to place for less than is now charged
through the mails. If that is so, the bill to that
1 extent might woik no hardship; but it would do
no good to the Department. So far as the bill |
would be effective, it will be injurious. 1
But it was argued by one gentleman who ad- j
' dressed the House upon the subject the other day ,
! I refer to the honorable gentleman from Missis-
! sippi, [Mr. Barry]—-that those who use the post:
office should pay the expenses of the post office. |
i1 Mr. OLDS. And a good proposition it was. ,
it Mr. ELIOT. " A good proposition " says the
I: honorable chairman of the Committee on the Post i
:■ Office and Post Roads. Then let the Government
pay for its use of the post office as well as the 1
!i '^Mr?' OLDS. Certainly; that is precisely what |
I wish. I introduced a bill into this House the
other day containing a provision for making the
Government pay for all the matter now franked
through the mails. But, if I mistake not, the gen-
tleman voted for the motion to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman states correct-
ly. I did so vote. If the honorable gentleman
from Ohio introduces a bill into the House con-
taining features which I believe to be objectiona-
ble, he must not expect me to vote for it "because
there may be one feature which I might be other-
wise disposed to favor.
Mr. OLDS. I am happyto hear the gentleman
say he favors that proposition, for I propose to
introduce a separate bill which shall contain that
proposition by itself.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, sir, I must say I com-
mend the perseverance of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio in continuing to introduce bill after bill,
although the House knocks them in the head as
soon as they make their appearance. And now
we are told that we are to have still another one.
Weil, sir, I can assure the honorable gentleman
that whenever he shall present a bill here that
shall commend itself to my reason, it shall receive
my support.
Mr. OLDS. Thank you.
Mr. ELIOT. I objected to the provision in the
bill the other day, because I believed that the
practical effect of it would not be to abolish the
franking privilege. The honorable gentleman, it
seemed to me, sought to accomplish that object by
legislation, the practical effect of which would not
lighten the work of the Departments, or of mem-
bers of Congress; or accomplish any real benefit
to the Post Office; or change substantially the
right now used of franking documents and, letters
through the office.
But the argument in favor of the passage of this
bill is, that those who use the post office should pay
for the post office. Well, sir, without going into
any argument at length upon this point, I say in
reply that it is impossible to carry such a prop-
osition into effect justly, without fixing different
rates of postage in the different sections of the
United States. Unless that is done, I am unable
to see how the honorable gentleman will succeed
in making those who use the post office pay for it.
Sir, has the honorable gentleman examined the
statistics which throw light on this proposition.^
The gentleman from Maine has referred to his
own State. From the statistical tables furnished
by the Department, I find that during the year
1853 the total receipts were $125,194, and the
expenses were $52,767. In New Hampshire the
collections were $81,000, against $31,000 expendi-
tures. Vermont has $78,000, against $62,000.
Massachusetts$453,000 receipts, against $130,117
expenditures.
Mr. OLDS. There is an error in the statement
just there. By a statement from the auditor's
office, which I have in my hand, I learn that the
expenditures in Massachusetts for the year 1853
. were $298,366 56.
| Mr. ELIOT. I should like to know in what
| the error consists. I presume that the postmasters'
; commissions are included in the amount given by
I the gentleman, and not in that which I have read,
j Mr. OLDS. They are included in the amount
■ I have given, because they fall under the expendi-
I tures of the Department
: Mr. ELIOT. I thought that was not exactly
| so, and believed, from the statistics furnished,
! that the net postage collected was $453,966. But
' the same fact stated by the gentleman must apply,
I I presume, to the other States, as well as to Mas-
i sachusetts. The statement for Rhode Island is
$47,000 receipts, against $12,000 expenditures. Is
I not the same fact true there?
! Mr. OLDS. The statement of the auditor, in
j regard to Rhode Island, is $47,377 79 receipts,
! against $30,817 35 expenditures.
"Mr. ELIOT. Then the same relative differ-
ence would prevail throughout, and the argument
I was making is not, therefore, in the least af-
fected. I think that the honorable gentleman will
find, so far as the returns from Massachusetts are
concerned, that they are true in proportion to those
given in the tabular statement from her sister
States.
Now, I desire here to make a reply to the as-
sertion that this statement does not furnish an
accurate idea of the amount of the transportation
