1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know if the morn-
ing hour has yet commenced ?
The SPEAKER. Jt has not yet commenced.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist, then, that we pro-
ceed at once to the business of the morning hour.
CLOSING DEBATE.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the resolution offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] to close debate on the bill of the House
(No. 49) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1854, in
one hour after the committee shall next resume
its consideration.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that the
vote last taken, by which the resolution was
adopted, be reconsidered, and that the motion to
reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was put; and the latter motion
agreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Some few days ago,
under the rules of the House, I filed with the Clerk
a withdrawal of papers from the files of the House,
with a direction for their reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. By u mistake of the
Clerk, the papers were referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee on in-
valid Pensions may be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that reference be
made to the Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection, and the order was ac-
cordingly made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The House then proceeded to call the commit-
tees, in their regular order, for reports, commencing
"with the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CARUTHERS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows:
" A bill granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad through the Ar-
senal, Magazine, and Jefferson Barracks tracks."
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
It provides that the right of way. sixty feet in
width, be granted to the St. Louis and Iron Mount-
ain Railroad Company through the Marine Asy-
lum and Magazine grounds and the Jefferson Bar-
racks tracks; and for the errant of the same to said
company, for the purpose of constructing a rail-
road from Iron Mountain, in the State of Mis-
souri, to the city of St. Louis: Provided, That the
railroad shall be constructed upon the line upon
Which it is now located: Provided, farther, That
the said company shall construct a substantial
wire fence on each side of the road through the
said grounds, with such gates as may be desig-
nated by the proper authorities: Provided, further,
That the said company shall be liable for all losses
sustained to the public property m consequence of
said railroad.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move that the bill be
put upon its passage. \
Mr. MxlCE. 1 hope that course will not be
taken in reference to any bill reported by any com-
mittee of this House. Unless we go on and refer
bills of this character to the appropriate commit-
tee in the order in which they are presented, we
shall have the same scenes m this Congress that
we had in the last. I shall, therefore, object to
any bill being put upon its passage as soon as it is
reported from a committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The belief has
pretty generally prevailed, not only in this House,
but out of it, that it is the destruction, or loss
of a bill, to refer it to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union. One great rea- ;
son fnr that belief is the practice which has grown !
up of late of putting bills upon then* passage when
they are reported here from committees.
Now, sir, it is for the House to consider whether
it is betrer that bills shall be sent to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and there
discussed, matured, and disposed of, according to
then* merits, or whether it is best that such bills
as it may be thought necessary to pass shall be
put immediately on their passage when they are
reported. By pursuing the latter couise the en-
tire time of the House is taken up, and other gen-
tlemen who have hills ready to repoit are pre-
vented, as was the case during the last Congress,
from reporting them at all. That is the way in
which the business of the House was conducted
during the last long session. Many bills were put
upon their passage as soon as they were reported
from committees, and thus other gentlemen who
had hundreds of bills prepared and ready to report
could obtain no opportunity of reporting them,
and hence there was nothing upon the record to
show that other committees had worked at ail.
I think it is best, except in some extreme or
extraordinary case of pressing and urgent neces-
sity, where there may be unanimous consent that
bills shall be put upon their passage, that they
should all share the same fate, and go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The rules provide that the Calendar in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall betaken up and called in its order, and when
any bill is called, if the House desires to pass it
at once, they can do it; if not, a majority can pass
it by and go on to other bills. The only exception
to that rule is that a motion may be made, with-
out calling the Calendar, to take up any of the
general appropriation bills, or, in time of war, any
proposition relating to the raising or subsistence
of troops.
It (k)es seem to me that it would be best for the
House to come at once to the conclusion that they
will refer all bills to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and take their places
on the Calendar, and be disposed of accordingly.
I move that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
of the United States, by the hands of Mr. M.v-
chen, its Assistant Secretary, announcing the
passage by that body of sundry bills, m which
he was requested to ask the concunence of the
House.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I donotknow
what may be the particular character of the bill
now before the House, but I cannot concur m the
sentiments expressed this morning by my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Jones.] I believe that the
House has done more business, and has per-
formed it better, by acting upon bills as they have
been presented by committees, than in any other
way; and I believe that in many cases, if bills
were peimitfed to be put upon their passage at
once, when tiiey are not of a very highly import-
ant character, it would contubute much to the
speedy transaction of the business of the House.
I believe that much difficulty and embarrassment
arises from the motions to refer which are fre-
quently made; and that much time is lost and less
business done on account of them. I can see no
reason why bills involving no important principle
should not be put directly on their passage, it is
a saving of time, because much loss of time is oc-
casioned when motions are made to refer, by calls
for the yeas and nays, and the vanety of motions
which are resorted to under the parliamentary law
to defeat propositions.
In that way I have frequently seen a whole !
day spent, when really thete was no objection to !
the principle of the bill. Everybody knows that
if these bills are sent to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the appropria-
tion bills having precedence, and being always
taken up and occupying a large portion of the ses-
sion, the whole Calendar is crowded to the last of
thesetsion; and then in the few days when it is in
order to move to suspend the rules to take up those
bills, there is a rush, and one hundred men are
upon the floor calling out to the Speaker to get the
floor to movea suspension of the rules, in older to
! get up some favorite bill.
Now, if we were to spend an hour or two every
; day in disposing of tho.se matters, which could be
; well disposed of m a few minutes, without a *rreat
i deal of argument, if gemlemen would be willing
! to take hold of bills of that character—bills of an
1 importance not sufficient to require their reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
: Union—a large amount of business could be done
: with very little trouble. I therefore dis&feiit en-
i tirely frcm the position of my colleague,
j Mr. M1LLSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 differ very
! widely from the gentleman who has just toiteri his
i seat. If there be anything winch has caused our
; Congressional legislation to become a bv-word and
1 renroach among the imtio^s, if is this procure of
considering bills immediately on their i<sp.<n tio:n
i| the committee to which they wue oi^maHy re-
ferred. At the very commencement of this Con-
gress, on the third day of the session, in as strong
a case as could well be conceived, the House de-
liberately determined to refer a bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole, which the gentleman who
reported it desired to put immediately on its pas-
sage. I say that it was as strong a case as could
well be conceived of; for it was the case in which
a bill had passed both Houses of Congress at the
last session, and had simply, by some clerical mis-
prision, or some other accident, failed to receive the
signature of the President. Even in that case, on
my motion, this House, by a very large majority,
determined to refer that bill to the Committee of
the Whole. And, sir, from subsequent informa-
tion, I have just reason to believe that it was for-
tunate that it was so referred.
I agree with the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] in the opinion that it is altogether
an error to suppose that if bills be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, they can never be
reached afterwards. They are at all times within
the control of a majority of the House. That ma-
jority can at all times, by postponing the consid-
eration of the previous bills, take up an.y bill out
of its order, if it think proper to do so.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think that
the gentleman is mistaken. I am of opinion that,
by the rules, the appropriation bills have prece-
dence, and that it is not m order to move to take
up any other bills. I may be mistaken in that,
but I think i am right.
Mr. MILLSON. I think that the gentleman is
even mistaken in that. The committee may, by
a majority, postpone the appropriation bills. U
requires, however, to do so, a special vote. Even
the appropriation bills may be postponed by a
vote of the House, and any other bill may, by post-
poning those which stand higher upon the Calen-
dar, be taken up and considered by the committee.
But suppose that it were not so? What propriety
is therein giving a bill which has been just reported
precedence of bills which have received the con-
sideration of committees earlier in the session,and,
therefore, entitled to consideration by the House
before those which come m at a later period ?
1 have scarcely ever seen an instance in which
the House has refused to refer a bill and determ-
ined to pass it on the report of the committee,
that it has not had just reason afterwards to re-
pent its precipitation.
I will refer to one or two acts which occurred
recently. A few days ago a bill was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary by the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] which
seemed designed to conect u mischief that many
of us wei e aware of, and all of us desired to i eni-
edy, I refer to the bill relating to the rights of
citizenship of those born out of the country—chil- -
dren of citizens of the United'States. But for the
fact that I had on many occasions been—as I fear
1 may be considered to have been—obtrusive in
insisting on the reference of all bills,I should, per-
haps, out of abundant precaution, have urged the
reference of that bill, also, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. But it seemed
to be a pist bill. U wus a subject to which 1 had
given some examination before I c<une to Wash-
ington this session. It seemed only to cover the
particular point which was the subject of discus-
sion; and yet the moment I saw that hill in print
I thought I discovered serious objections to it.
Mr.' STANTON, of Tennessee. What are
those objections ?
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. St ant on,] the chairman of the Judi-
cinryCommittt-e, which reported that bill, asks
me what those objections are. I will teJlhim one
of the objections which I refer to, and I will
i briefly adveit another.
i One of my objections is this: Under the opera-
1 t on of thm bill5* a subject of the British Queen,
a member of the British Parliament, a minister of
the Crown, an admiral of the Navy, or a lieutenant
general of the Armv, may be a citizen of the
United Stotes. Yes, sir, that bill, in i's prese-it
. form, confers citizenship on men who icsy be in
the active service of Great Butam, owning and
acknowledging aiieghmee to the British Crown.
! For it provides that the children born of those
. wiio may at the time be citizens of the unred
' Str.fes—tviMrahzed as well nMive-born C;ti-
1 zens— shall, though burn in a fowLrn country, be
I cuir,ens ot the United States. It not restrict
