£14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
this privilege of involuntary citizenship to those
who are brought within the jurisdiction of the
United States, or who come to reside in any of
the States before they shall attain their majority.
If the fathers become naturalized here, their
children, born afterwards in England, though
they may choose to remain always the subjects
of the British Crown, are, by this act of Congress,
admitted to the rights of citizenship.
Mr. CUTTING. Will the gentleman from
Virginia permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. Millson yielded the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. "Will the gentleman from
Virginia—though in this informal way this bill
is now being debated—oblige me so far as to re-
fer to that part, or to any part of the bill which
authorizes the inference which he deduces?
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman from New
York has the bill or proposition, I will read it.
Mr. CUTTING And point out that expres-
sion, or those expressions, from which, legiti-
mately, the inference which he alludes to can be
drawn ?
Mr. MILLSON. I think I can do so; and I
will do so—for the requirement of the gentleman
from New York is a reasonable one—if the gen-
tleman will favor me with a copy of the bill.
Mr. CUTTING. I am sorry to say that I
have not the means of accommodating the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I think I know the
provisions of this bill sufficiently well to dispense
with a copy of it. And I call the attention of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cutting]—for
I have no idea that he designed it should bear any
such construction, or that the committee were
aware it would have any such operation—to the
observations which I am about to make from my
recollection of the provisions of that bill, and I
invite him to state whether I am correct or not.
The bill provides that all persons heretofore
born, or who may hereafter be born, of fathers
who were, at the time of their birth, citizens of
the United States, shall be themselves citizens of
the United States. Am I not right? The only
restriction is that no man shall claim the right of
citizenship under one who was never a resident
of the United States. Sir, but for that restriction
l't might happen that some two hundred years
hence a subject of the British Crown would claim
to be a citizen of the United States by reason
alone of the right of citizenship of a remote an-
cestor two hundred years before. The restriction
is well, but it did not go far enough, for it con-
firmed to such person so born without the United
States the right of citizenship as long as he may
live, and wherever he may choose to reside.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to know what the
subject of discussion is before the House. I think
the gentleman is not in order in his remarks.
Mr. MILLSON. I am illustrating the evils
and mischiefs of hasty legislation by reference to
instances in which bills have been hurriedly and
inconsiderately passed, and which contained prin-
ciples, or omissions, which those who voted for
them were not themselves aware of. I am now an-
swering the inquiry of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cutting,] in order to justify my ob-
jection to putting this bill upon its passage now,
and to the passage of any other bills at the time
thev are first reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that an
elaborate discussion of the bill which was passed
a few days ago is not in order, and cannot be al-
lowed, if there is any objection.
Mr. CUTTING. Will the gentleman from
Virginia answer me a question ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection to answer
any inquiry of the gentleman, if it shall be decided
by the Chair to be in order.
The SPEAKER. The question and answer
must be confined to the matter under considera-
tion.
Mr. MILLSON. The passage of that bill is
a fair illustration of the evils and mischiefs of pass-
ing bills without reference; evils which we shall
hardly avoid in future if we allow bills to be passed
under similar circumstances.
I now leave this part of the subject, and refer
to the other objection which the honorable chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Stanton] i
desired me to specify. It is this: that that bill, by !
a simple act of legislation, confers citizenship 1
upon those who are now aliens. That part of
the bill is not the enactment of a uniform rule of
naturalization, but, by a simple statute, a mere act
of Congress, it confers citizenship upon those
who are aliens. I refer to that clause of the bill
which is designed to have a retrospective opera^
tion. Apart from the other objections, that alone,
is, in my judgment, an unconstitutional feature of
the bill, and one which ought to be stricken out,
and one which I hope and believe will be stricken
out in the Senate.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] that this act was designed to put a construc-
tion upon the act of 1802. It was designed to
remedy a defect in the phraseology of the act of
1802, which was, undoubtedly, by its framers,
designed to have the effect of that bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I will say that such was not
the view taken of the matter by the honorable
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cutting] who
introduced the bill. The House will recollect that
he distinctly stated—and 1 was myself disposed
to concur with him in that statement—that these
men were now aliens. ,
Mr. STANTON. That is true, and it arises
from the defects of the bill of 1802.
Mr. MILLSON. But the objectofthe bill was
not to give such a construction to the act of 1802,
and to ascertain rights already existing, but to
confer upon various peisons rights of citizen-
ship, which, it was declared, they do not now pos-
sess.
Mr. PARKER. 1 rise to a question of order.
If this is a legitimate discussion, it is legitimate to
reply to it. I imagine it would not be in order to
reply, and therefore the remarks of the gentleman
are out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken, and that the gentleman's re-
marks take too wide a range.
Mr. MILLSON. I will now refer to another
case illustrating the evils of tins practice. It is
one which, so far as I know, is without precedent,
even in the proceedings of this House.
Day before yesterday, upon the introduction
of a bill from the same Committee on the Ju-
diciary, after a speech in favor of the bill, and
after the reading of the report intended to recom-
mend the passage of the bill, the House sustained
the demand for the previous question, and passed,
not only without reference but without discussion,
a bill, which I undertake to say, unless I am
grossly deceived in my estimate of the character
of the bill, could have scarcely passed this House
if it had-been the subject even of a brief discus-
sion, The effort now made is not so bad as that.
There has been as yet no demand for the previous
question. But may 1 not well warn the House
against the evils of this hasty and mischievous
legislation, when I remindthem, that if they yield
to such applications as this they may do a second
time whatl trust has been done only once before,
and that is, to introduce and pass, without refer-
ence or debate, a private bill of questionable char-
acter; a bill designed, as it was said, to correct
errors m a law passed at the last session of Con-
gress, which law was itself passed without debate
or reference, and against the protest of gentlemen
who desired an opportunity of examining into the
merits of the bill, if it had any.
A Member. What bill was it?
Mr. MILLSON. A bill for the relief of Ben-
jamin S. Roberts. We may, if we are not cau-
tious, do the same thing again. I trust, then, that
the House will retrace its steps, and go back to the
precedent they themselves established at the com-
mencement of the session. I have no objector
interest in opposing any of these bills. I do not
know that I have any objection to the bill now
under consideration, butl think that we all have
a common interest in protecting the credit of Con-
gressional legislation, and that we should in no
instance, except in a matter of extreme necessity,
or a matter of humanity, such as that brought to
the notice of the House yesterday by the report
of the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, ever depart from the good,
wholesome, and salutary rule of taking time to
deliberate upon all questions that require our atten-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I desire to ask him if this bill
should be referred to a committee, and should be
postponed, as in all probability it would be, until
next July, August, or September, if he would
ever read the bill at all?
Mr. MILLSON. The inquiry involves the
necessity for an egotistical observation; but I can
assure the gentleman that I am not unmindful, I
trust, of the obligations devolving upon me in that
respect, and I generally take such opportunities as
1 can to become in some degree informed of the
character of the measures upon which I am re-
quired to vote.
Mr. ORR. I concur with the gentleman from
Virginia, and I desire to call his attention to an
act passed at the last session of Congress, granting
to this same company " the right of way, and a
sufficiency of lands to construct a road," provided
that the location of said road through the lands
should be made subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of War, and provided the said location could
be made without injury to the public interests.
I would like to understand why there is any
necessity for repealing this law, 1 see that the bill
reported by the committee propose that the loca-
tion should be left to the discretion of the com-
manding officer at Jefferson barracks, and not to
that of the Secretary of War, as the act of the last
session of Congress provides.
Mr. MILLSON. It was no part of my pur-
pose to enter into a discussion of the merits of
this bill; but being, as I was, a member of the last
Congress, and knowing that nearly all the ob-
structions to the dispatch of business in that Con-
gress proceeded from this very practice of forcing
the consideration of bills upon the mere presenta-
tion of reports of committees, without further ex-
amination and deliberation, I am the more op-
posed to it now, and more desirous now to place
an adequate check upon it. Why, the gentleman
from Tennessee recollects that during the last
Congress the Committee on Public Lands were
before the House making reports for some three
or four months.
A Member. Six months.
Mr. MILLSON. A gentleman says sixmonths.
Now, why did that committee occupy the attention
of the House for six months.
Mr. STANTON. I will tell the gentleman,, if
he will allow me to answer the question.
Not now. I will first answer it myself. Why
was it, 1 say, that no other committee of this
House was called for reports during a period of
four, five, or six months—three or four months
according to my recollection—but, as other gentle-
men tell me, six months? Why was it that it
was not in order even to call the Committee on
on Ways and Means during that whole period to
report important bills necessary to carry on the
Government?
The reason was, that therehad been a large num-
ber of bills and petitions referred to that commit-
tee; and whenever a report was made by them,
anxious as they were to secure an early consider-
ation for the business under their charge, the mo-
tion was invariably made to put the bill upon its
passage.
Mr. HENN, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
will look at the Calendar of the last Congress, he
will find that the first ten or twelve bills reported
by the Committee on Public Lands were referred
to the Committee of the Whole without any at-
tempt upon the part of that committee to put them
upon their passage. I make this statement for the
purpose of setting the gentleman right.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman surely did
not understand me as saying that every individ-
ual bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands was put upon its passage as soon as re-
ported.
Mr. HENN. The gentleman said they inva-
Hably made that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. My object was to show that
the reason why the Committee on Public Lands
kept the attention of the House for some six
months was, that the general course, perhaps not
the invariable one, taken by them when they re-
ported bills to the House, was to put them on
their passage at once, instead of having them re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole to take their
regular places upon the Calendar.
A Member. Several of them were referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MILLSON. That is true; but many of
them were referred against the remonstrances of
the committee. In some instances, four, five, or
