1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
ble iron gates and crossing places at such points as may lie
designated by the* commanding officer at Jefferson bar-
racks, the number ot gates not to exceed four at the Jeffer
son barracks, <>ne at the magazine, and one dt the ar-eual,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following :
" That a strong, substantia], plank fence be erected by
said company between the road and the public grounds, at
such place, and ot' such character, as the commanding offi-
cer of Jefferson bairacks shall direct, with suitable iron
gates, not exceeding four, at such points as shall be selected
by such commanding officer; and the said company shall
also cause to be constructed two covered ways at suitable
places m front of said public grounds, and in such a man-
ner as slialS be approved by said commanding officer; and
if, after the fence herein provided for shall have been
erected, and the said road put in operation, it shall be
found, in the opinion of the President, 10 be insufficient for
the protection of lives and property, or for any othei suffi-
cient reason, he may require a fence of briok, stone, or
iron, to be constructed, and the said company shall cause
the wine to be erected accordingly, at their proper cost and
charges."
Mr.- ORR. I ask the attention of the House
to this Senate amendment, and also to the original
bill which passed the House. At the last session
of Congress, Mr. Speaker, upon the application
of the stockholders of this St. Louis and Iron
Mountain Railroad, the Committee on Public.
Lands, of which I was then a member, reported a
bill granting the right of way through the arsenal
and magazine grounds at Jefferson barracks, in ;
the vicinity of St. Louis. I
The bill passed Congress containing a restric- !
tion. It provided that the right of way should be
granted upon such terms and conditions as the
Secretary of War might proscribe, so that the
public interest in these giounds should not be in-
jured or affected. I s#y, m that way the bill was
reported to this House from this Committee on
Public Lands, and in that way it passed both
branches of Congress. The Government granted
to.the railroad company what they desiied only,
reserving to the Secretary of War the right to
make such reservations as in his opinion were
necessary to preserve the public works in the
vicinity.
Well, sir, after the bill had passed, and become
a law, application was made to the Secretary of
"War, who was familiar with the site, who was
familiar with the locality, who had been stationed
there in times gone by, and who was therefore
capable of deriding correctly, to know what re-
strictions would be imposed. He did impose
certain restrictions, five in number. But, sir, this
company, finding these restrictions likely to be
onerous to them, came back here to this House,
indirectly appealing from the decision which had
been made by the Secretary of War. They come
back here, and ask that Congress shall give them
permission to disregard the restrictions which the
Secretary of War had imposed upon them as
necessary for the protection of the public interests,
and that they may have the right of way without
any restriction being imposed upon them.
Now, sir, this was a bounty m the first place.
It was a gratuity upon the part of the Govern-
ment to allow a private corporation to go through
the public grounds without compensation—with-
out consideration. Sir, if these lands belonging
to the Government had been the private property
of a private individual, this Iron Mountain rail-
road company would have been compelled to pay
perhaps thousands of dollars for the right of way.
But because it was likely to promote the trade
and commerce of St. Louis, and to accommodate
the people of Missouri, theGovernmentsaid: We
will allow this right of way without charge, pro-
vided that you will comply with such conditions
as the Secretary of War may impose. We leave
the matter with him, and you must comply with
such conditions as he says are necessary to pro-
tect our property there. Sir, thi-s company pay
nothing for this privilege—not a dollar. We
have given them this bounty, and still they are
dissatisfied, and appeal from that decision, and
come hereto obtain a removal of those restrictions.
Mr. Speaker, how many members of this House
can tell the amount of injury that will be done to
the public grounds by the passage of this bill in
its present shape? How many members here can
tell the extent of the injury that will result to the
Government from the passage of this bill5 It is
assumed that these restrictions are not nepded for
the protection of the public interest. Well, sir,
the Secretary of War, who was charged with the
protection of those interests, says they are neces-
sary. 1 ask gentlemen to consider this matter be-
fore they vote for the passage of this bill. 1 am
determined, before I shall close these remarks, to
spread before the House such evidence as that, if
this bill passes, no gentleman can say that he did
not know it was going to injure the public prop-
erty.
Mr, EASTMAN. What were the limitations
and regulations imposed by the Secretary of War?
Mr. ORR. Before reading a communication
from the Secretary of War, which will furnish the
gentleman from Wisconsin with all the informa-
tion he desires, I shall beg leave to "state how it
came into my possession. It will be remembered
that this bill was introduced at an early day of
this session, and that, at the time, I made objec-
tion to it. Referred for consideration to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, it was reported back
to the House, and passed during my absence.
Had I been present, I should have opposed its pas-
sage. Seeing that it had passed the Senate as well
as this body, I addressed a letter to the Secretary
of War, requesting that he would put me in pos-
session of all the facts and conditions in the mat-
ter. In reply, he wrote me, in these words:
War Department, ?
Washington, January '26, J854. £
Sir: I have considered the memorial of the president
and director* ot the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad
Company, in regard to the action of tins Department, undei
the act which grants them the risjht ot way through the
public grounds at the Sr. Louis arsenal, the tit. Louis ma-
rine hospital, and Jefferson barracks, but by one piovtso
makes the location subject to the approval of (lie Secretary
ol War, and by another imposes tlw condition that the loca-
tion of the road can, in his opinion, be made without injury
to the public inteie-'i.
Soon attei the passage of the act, the engineer of the com-
pany submitted a map of the pi opo-ed locition, for the ap-
proval ot this Department; and, after carefully considering
the views evpiest-ed by the hfttdaof the appioprute bu-
reau , and other ofhceie? who had reported on the subject,
the following propositions were made to the company:
1. The road through the ai •serial giound* to be hXMtetJgphe
hundred feet further east than the line on the map sub-
mitted.
i2. The railroad company to be required to place a stone
wall, of such height as the commanding officer shall desig
riate, between the road and llie ground occupied formilitaiy
purposes, with Mutable iron gate* and wavs, and a strong
wire fence between the load and the water, with suitable
iron gates and eroding places; the number of gates not to
exceed four at Jefferson ban ack?, one at the magazine, and
one at the arsenal—the points to he selected by the com-
manding officer theitof, but the Government to have ihe
right to open as many ways across the rail toad to the water,
as the circumstances of the >eivice may require, but with-
out expense to the company . the road from the arsenal to
the water to be pae-ed ovei by a bridge, in such manner as
to cause no obstruction.
3d The commanding officer's" house, and any other
houses it may be necessaiy to remove in consequence of
the road passing through the public grounds, to be taken
down and removed to site designated by the commanding
officer, arid put up at the expense ot the company.
4th. The company lo keep the gate-s4 fences, and cross-
ing places in repair as long as they retain the right of way
for the road; and to keep at all times watchmen or other
suitable persons to give timely notice of the approach of
trains.
5th. That the company shall be responsible for all losses
which may be sustained by the public, either by the de
stiucnon of public property,or by collision with the trains
in passing over the several crossing place*.
bthJftHoise power only to be used in parsing through the
public grounds.
In making these propositions the Department had no dis-
position whatever to impose unnecessarv burdens upon the
■ company, or to magnify mere inconveniences into an ' in-
i jury to the public interest,'' and no condition is piopo^ed
i winch is not regarded sis essential to guaid against such
direct and immediate injury as the proviso was intended
to prevent.
The propositions were accepted by the company on the
26th of October. The memorialists <aythat the 1st has
been complied with, and the 4ih and 5th are not objection-
able, and seek to be released from the. 2d, 3d, and Oth.
The second condition thev desire to be so changed as to
allow them to construct a wire fence instead of stone walls.
The Department was satisfied with a wire fence between
the road and the water; but a stone wall between the load
and the rest of ihe gi ounds is deemed indi-pensabie, the post
being a cavalry station ; there aie, and will continue to be,
a great number of horses there, and the troops, moreover,
will often be engaged hi cavalry exercise* and in training
horse^ recently pur chased for military evolutions, ft would,
in my opinion, be unsafe to do so, separated from parsing
trains by nothing hut a wire fencc, vvhu ii would not prevent
unrtily animals from rushing upon the track
Th'-* third condition is objected to, because the command-
ing officer's quarters are in a tempoiary wooden building,
erected twenty years ■•ince, and -scarc< iy worth the co t of
taking down. Whatever be the value of the building, there
can be no propriety in subjecting the Government to the
cost of its leinovai, or erecting a new one. The company,
for whose sole benefit it is to beiemoved, certainly should
bear the cost, whelhei small or £icat.
That is what the Secretary of War says upon
that^ranch of the subject, These are the condi-
tions which the Secretary of War thought it neces-
sary to impose upon the company m order to pro-
tect the public property, The Secretary requires
of the company that they shall remove these
houses at their cost, and he says farther:
u The sixth condition is that which weighs heaviest
"upon the company, and, no doubt, w"i!! subject them to
great inconvenience iu making the road. To dispensewitb
it, however, would, m my opinion, involve the abandon-
ment of the magaxni", and the construction of another, as
well as the purchase of a site in some other locality*"
Pass the bill in the shape in which it bow lies
upon your table, and you have here the opinion of
the Secretary of War, who is specially charged
with looking to your interests upon this subject,
that it will devolve upon the Government the ex-
pense of abandoning the present site as a maga-
zine, selling it and purchasing a new one, to ac-
commodate this private corporation. Is it not a
great sacrifice demanded of the public for the ben-
efit of this corporation, who do not propose to pay
anything for it.
The Secretary of War goes on further to say:
"The magazine in question was recently builtatacost
of more than $2' ,00t), and it is intended for a depot whence
powder will be shipped, from time to time, to ail parts ot
the coast accessible by water transportation. It Ippearsto
me that no argument is needed to show the danger of
stouug large quantities of powder within two hundred, and
twenty yards of a road on which engines are continually
parsing,"and to haul powder to and from this store across
their fiery track."
This letter is dated in January of this year. The
expression of opinion made hereby the Secretary,
is fully confirmed by the recent disastrous explo-
sion in thecuy of Wilmington, where powder was
being hauled along the streets m common wagons,
and where it ignited, nobody knows how, but,
perhaps, by the tire of one of the wheels of the
wagons striking fire from the stones over which
it passed. The Secretary says further:
u Whatever may be urged to the contrary, the danger
of *p irk> from hueli engines reaching the magazine, i>r of
fire being eommumeated thereto by powder spillfdfrom
cask^ hauled across the track, is such, that I do not believe
the magazine should ever be used alter the engines once
commenced running. Moreover, a', an explosion would in-
evitably involve the destruction of the passing tram, the
danger to the passengers would be such that, even if the
Department should be disposed to use the magazine, public
sentiment would require its removal.
" The location of the road between the post and the river
whence all the supplies of water are obtained, will, if lo-
comotive engines arc to be used, be destructive of the ob-
ject to which the po->tis now applied, as the frequent eroding
of huge numbers of men with horses to water, earning
under such circumstances, fail to be attended with serious
inconveniences and danger.'*
The Secretary again says:
(i In conclusion, I have'to express tho opinion that, if the
petition of the memorialists bo granted, the Government
will be deprived of the use of the post as a school for cav-,
ab y practice, and the removal of the magazine will become
necessary."
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the information
which I spread out before the House; and 1 would
ask if gentlemen, out of mere kindness to the dis-
tinguished Representative from Missouri here, who
advocated this bill on its former passage, are will-
ing, by the passage of this bill, to devolve on the
Government an expense of $50,000 or $100,000
without consideration? Now, sir, the public
depots at St. Louis are at the point of air others
best suited for such depots in the entire West.
They are above the points where the large* class
steamboats may reach from below, and where the
small steamboats may start going above. It is
the proper point, therefore, for the transhipment
of ail public stores and provisions that are needed
for consumption above and below. And yet, for
the purpose of accommodating this company'—
while you do not know what is to be the result of
your own knowledge, though you have the dec-
laration of the Secretary of War, after a full ex-
amination, with a full knowledge of the subject—
you are asked to pass this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is but Qne way in
which the bill can be defeated. It has reached that
point from an indisposition, I have no doubt, on
| the part of gentlemen here not to interfere in a
mere local question of this sort—it has reached,
1 say, that point where there is but one way in
which the bill can be defeated. That way is by
laying the amendment on the table. That will
eariT 'he bill with it. Eefore the question is
finally taken, I shall seek the floor again, for the
purpose of making that motion that the amend-
ment do lie upon the table. And if this company •
are not willing to take the grant, the bounty which
we give them on conditions which our officer who
has to guard our interest annexes, let them build
ihe road in some other direction. It is gratuity
enough to give to them without allowing this com-
