1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
six days were spent in discussing the question of
reference. If the reference was made, then the
discussion would have all to be gone over again
when the bill came up in its order; and thus the
time of the House was wasted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will allow me to interrupt him for a single
moment, I will call the attention of the House to
a cause for the delay in the transaction of its busi-
ness, behind the one to which he has made refer-
ence.
Nobody regretted more than I did the obstruc-
tions in the transaction of the business of the
House during the last Congress. Nobody re-
gretted more than I did the inability of other com-
mittees to report to the House; but I wouldsuggest
that the original cause which led to the practice
of putting bills upon their passage as soon as re-
ported was, that if bills were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole to take their regular place
upon the Calendar, it was well known that they
would slumber there forever. Whatever may be
the rules of the House upon the subject, every one
knows that in practice it has been found utterly
impossible to get up bills upon the Calendar there,
unless it be those of overshadowing importance—
something like the homestead bill.
In my opinion, in reference to bills involving
no great important principle, that when they have
been referred to standing committees of the House,
fairly examined and considered by them, and re-
ported to the House, it is, perhaps, the best way
to put them upon their passage without referring
them to the Committee of the Whole. If the
committee reporting them have fairly examined
them, and are able fully to explain them, the House
may very safely trust itself to pass bills thus
reported.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand the gentleman
to ask why it was that bills upon the Calendar in
Committee of the Whole were not taken up> It
was because the time of the House was wasted in
the discussion of bills which the Committee on
Public Lands were endeavoring to put upon their
passage. The time of the House was occupied
in this manner, and there was no opportunity to
consider bills which had already been referred to
the Committee of the Whole. An interest had
grown up in the House in the consideration of
bills subsequently reported; and those desiring the
passage of such bills were themselves unwilling to
go into the Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of taking up bills sent there at an early period of
the session.
Let us see what is the operation of this thing.
A meritorious bill, one that requires but slight
discussion before the committee, the friends of
which invite investigation, is committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for those interested in the passage of the bill court
inquiry; they do not wish to stifle discussion; they
know the bill has merits, and they themselves ask
that it shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on thestate of the Union. Some six, eight,
ten, or twelve months afterward, other bills are
presented to Congress, later in time and less in
merit. It is felt that they will not so well stand
the test of investigation. Efforts are made to put
them on their passage before there can have been
opportunity afforded for discussing their merits;
and the result is, that these bills are either passed
or rejected; and those meritorious bills, the friends
of which have referred them to the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union at the com-
mencement of the session, because they challenged
investigation, are not reached at all.
Let all bills, without distinction, be referred to j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ;
Union, or to a Committee of the Whole House, I
as was suggested by the gentleman from Indiana .
[Mr. Mace] at the commencement of the session. -
I trust that provision will be embodied in the |
rules of the House, and it certainly will be in the I
report of the Select Committee on Rules, if a suffi- 1
cient number of the other members of that com- j
mittee will sustain me in doing so. If that were
done, then it.would be the interest of every mem-
ber to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to take up the bills in their J
order, and consider them freely and fully as they
may be considered in that committee. I
Mr. HENN, (interrupting.) The gentleman j
from Virginia has made a charge against the '
Committee on Public Lands of the last Congress. '
Mr. MILLSON. I have made no charge
against that committee.
Mr. HENN. The charge has been made here
several times, and I desire now to correct it by
historical facts. I will, therefore, ask the gentle-
man, in order to correct him, whether a majority
of the bills reported during the last Congress by
the Committee on Public Lands were not put
upon their passage by members not on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, but by the friends or
introducers of the bills? I wish, also, to ask the
gentleman if a majority of the time consumed by
that committee in reporting bills was not occu-
pied by a factious minority in calling the yeas and
nays upon those bills?
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman has mistaken
me in one or two respects.
Mr. HENN. I wish it to be understood that
I am not against the proposition which the gen-
tleman lays down. I am myself in favor of bills
taking their regular course.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish the gentleman from
Iowa, who was, perhaps, a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the last Congress, to
understand that I am not making charges, but
pointing out evils and their remedies, and referring
to this subject historically.
Mr. HENN. I wished merely to correct the
gentleman about the course of that committee.
Mr. MILLSON. I never meant to impute
blame to the Committee on Public Lands, who
were naturally anxious that their bills should be
considered. I did not impute blame to any-
body. I was tracing results from their legitimate
causes, and stating that by whomsoever the mo-
tions were submitted, by whomsoever the attempts
were made, certain it is that the effect wasnotless
injurious; and that was, that the Committee on
Public Lands held possession of this House for
some six months, to the obstruction of all other
business, and that other committees who had re-
ports to make, could at no time, without a viola-
tion of the rules of order, make their reports.
I, myself, was prevented from making a great
many reports from the committee of which 1 was
a member, and which I had in my desk ready to
report.
In concluding these desultory remarks, allow
me to say, that when I rose 1 had no intention to
consume the time of the House for more than a
very few minutes; and if I have displayed any
earnestness on this subject at this time, it has been
because I felt, as every member should feel, con-
cern for the honor of the House, for the credit of
our legislation, and because I desire that the House
shall now return to a practice which all admit to be
a wholesome one; even those who depart from it
feel a sort of necessity to excuse themselves, by
alleging that while the general principle is un-
doubtedly correct, the immediate circumstances
of their osvn particular cas^tfnould make it an ex-
ception from it.
Mr. CARUTHERS™ I do not design, Mr. J
Speaker, to go into any argument in regard to the
general propriety of referring bills in their regu-
lar order. 1 do desire, however, the consent of
the House to state the reasons that, while recog-
nizing this general principle of propriety in acting
upon business m regular order, the bill now under
consideration ought to be immediately put on its
passage. It proposes nothing new. An act, passed
at the last session of Congress, granted to this
railroad company the right of way as proposed in
the bill which I have this morning reported. It
is in the exact language of that act. We can,
therefore, be m no danger of hasty legislation on
the subject. The attention of the House has been
called to itheretofore. There was in the bill which
was passed at the last session the following pro-
viso:
"The said location shall be made without injury to Hie
i public interest, 111 the opinion of the said Secretary of
War."
j The Secretary of War construed that proviso
i thathe could not look to any interest of the commu-
1 nity; that he could not look to the public benefit
j which might accrue from the construction of the
i road; that he was bound strictly by the terms of
j the act, and to consider merely what injury was
' to be done to the public property through which
the road was to pass. The following is the Sec-
retary's construction m his own words,in a letter
| to T. S. 0'Sullivan, at New York:
i "A* you have called my attention to the benefits to be
derived by the community from the construction of the
road, and the necessity to its success, of securing the route
proposed, it seems proper to remind you that such circum-
stances cannot affect the question referred by the act for
the decision of this Department; and that with the most
favorable disposition to the success of tin's, and every other
enterprise calculated to advance the commercial prosperity
of the country, I ain precluded from taking into view the
advantage to individuals or companies by the terms of the
simple and narrow question propounded by the act, whether
any injury will result to the public interests."
Acting, Mr. Speaker, under this construction,
which was, at all events, a strict one, but with
which construction I have now nodesire of quarrel-
ing, he imposed upon this Iron Mountain Company
such restrictions as made this grant of right of
way of no possible use to them. The Iron Mount-
ain Company, when this act was passed by Con-
gress, supposing a liberal construction would be
given to it, placed the Iron Mountain road under
contract through the public grounds. And, after
so placing it under contract through that region,
the Secretary of War imposed conditions on it
which rendered the grant nugatory, and which ab-
solutely prohibited them—or, in effect, at least,
prohibited them—from going through these public
lands.
The company then come and ask from Con-
gress the meaning of these provisions, and the
attention of the House being directed to the pro-
visions of this bill, I think they will find that in
these provisions the rights and interests of the
Government have been most studiously guarded
and protected.
We ask for no appropriations. We only ask for
the right of way—sixty feet through these grounds.
On examining this subject, you will find that the
road, according to its present line, runs almost
immediately on the banks of the Mississippi river;
that all the public buildings are situated so far back
from the river that no possible injury can be done,
either to the arsenal, the magazine, or the Jefferson
barracks. For, to provide still further against any
possible injury, one of the provisions of this bill
is, that this company shall erect, at its own ex-
pense, a strong wire, or other substantial fence,
between the line of road and the public grounds.
The bill provides, further, that the company
shall open and construct large iron gates to give
as many passages to the river as the commanding
officer at Jefferson barracks shall think proper.
It provides still further, that this company is to be
responsible for all public losses by collision, or
other injuries, done by the passage of the road
through these public grounds.
Now, I desire to state, that when these condi-
tions were imposed by the Secretary of War, they
•were so onerous and oppressive on the company
that the company went to work, through its en-
gineer, and endeavored to find some other outlet
for the St. Louis road to the Iron Mountain
road. That engineer examined most carefully all
the ground through which the road could possibly
go, in order to avoid running through these public
I grounds. The result of this examination was,
i that the company found they could get no outlet for
i the road from the city of St. Louis to the Iron
Mountain without the increase of twenty-one
miles in distance, and without a much more bur-
i densonie and heavier grade. Mark me: the dis-
: tance from St. Louis city to the Iron Mountain is
| only about eighty miles. Here, in giving the dis-
tance as eighty miles, you have increased the
distance of the road, if not allowed to go through
! the public grounds, twenty-one miles.
[ Still more: the grade which would have to be
; adopted, if the line ran this twenjy-one miles
i further, is still heavier, according to the report
li of the engineer. I shall read, for the satisfaction
II of the House, that portion of his report which ap-
jj plies to this point:
,! "After full surveys of every possible route, (says Mr.
I O'SulHvan, the engineer.) it is conclusively shown that
the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Eailroad, if built at all,
must follow the west bank of the river for about twenty
miles south of that city ; and, therefore, that it must pass
through the lands fronting on the over occupied by the
i establishments referred to in law. Immediately westward
i trom the city bank the country rises so much as to be >m-
!, practicable for the work along any route that should clear
!; [hose lands m their rear. If the right of way is not con-
; ceded the Iron Mountain is inaccessible from St. Louis,
!' except at tlie cost of about twenty-one miles increase in
j distance, and a material increase in grades."
' I This right of way being so obstructed by the
II construction put upon the bill by the Secretary of
War, the road was, as I remarked, put under
contract at the time this construction was made.
