216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
It was desirous, of course, to commence the build-
ing of this road to the city of St. Louis. The
first section of the road through these public
grounds was placed under contract.
When this construction of the proviso, which
I now ask the House to repeal, was made by the
Secretary, the company abandoned the contracts
which they had before made. They disbanded
the forces which they had at that point, and reor-
ganized them, and placed them upon other sec-
tipns of the road, twenty or thirty miles distant
from St. Louis.
The necessity for the immediate passage of this
act, and the reason why I object to its going upon
the Calendar, and taking its' regular course with
other bills, is the all-importance, to this enter-
prise, that they should commence at the city of St.
Louis. They are desirous of commencing now,
and are waiting at this moment for the favorable
and kind action of Congress upon this proposi-
tion. They desire, I say, to commence the work
now. If you compel them to build twenty-one
miles more of road, they may be compelled to
abandon the whole enterprise. I shall not detain
the House with a recital of the general benefits of
that enterprise to the whole community; of its
being the connecting link between St. Louis and
New Orleans, and a connecting link m the great
chain of roads uniting the North with the Gulf, i
shall detain the House with this matter only so
far as to state that it is all-important that this
road shall be built as a connecting link, and to
state that this connecting link is jeoparded by the
imposition of this burden of building twenty-one
miles more of road, and that of a much heavier
grade.
When, therefore, gentlemen come to see how
sedulously the committee have guarded the inter-
ests of the public grounds at St. Louis, and know
that the committee unanimously recommended
the bill to the House, and see the absolute neces-
sity of the consti uction of the road through the
public grounds at St. Louis, they will admit that
this is a case, not involving any new principles of
legislation, not asking an appropriation upon the
part of the Government, but that it simply asks
the Government to give to a part of its citizens a
right of way, of sixty feet, through these Govern-
ment lands.
Mr. ORR,(interrupting.) Mr. Speaker, I should
be glad if the gentleman from Missouri would state
what are the restrictions which the Secretary of
War imposed upon the company. If the public
grounds and property weie likely to be injured,
he should state what that injury is, and what re-
strictions the Secretary thought necessary, in his
estimation, to impose, in order to counteract that
injury.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I will say, in reply to
the inquiry of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, that there were six restrictions imposed.
The first of which—already complied with m
making the final location—was this: That the
road through the arsenal grounds should be lo-
cated one hundred feet further east than the line
on the map submitted. I say, with that the com-
pany has complied, and with that the bill which I
reported this morning complies. The hill is drawn
in obedience with the requirements of the Secre-
tary of War, and the road is located one hundred
feet further east.
The second restriction was, that !he company
was required to place a stone wall, of such height
as the commanding ofiicer shall designate, between
the road and the grounds occupied for military pur-
poses, with .suitable iron gates and ways, and a
strong wire fence between the road and the water,
with suitable iron gates and crossing places—the
number of gates not to exceed four at Jefferson
barracks, one at the magazine, and one at the ar-
senal. The points to lie selected by thecommand-
ing officers thereof, but the Government to have
the right to open as many ways across the rail-
road to the routes as the circumstances of the ser-
vice may require, but without expense to the com-
pany. The road from the arsenal to the water to
be passed over by a bridge in such manner as to
cause no obstructions.
3d. The commanding officer's house, and any .
other houses it may be necessary to remove in I!
consequence of the road passing through the pub- Jl
he grounds, to be taken down and removed to sites j
designated by the commanding officer, and put up !
at the expense of the company. j|
4th. The company to keep thegates, fences, and
crossing-places in repair as long as they retain the
right of way for the road; and to keep, at all times,
watchmen, or otln-r suitable persons, to give timely
notice of the approach of trains.
5th. That the company shall be responsible for
all losses which may be sustained by the public,
either by the destruction of public property, or by
collision with the trains in passing over the several
crossing-placcs.
6th. Horse-power only to be used in passing
through the public grounds.
It is this sixth condition which fells with such
crushing weight upon the company, and to be
relieved from, mainly, that this bill is reported.
The Secretary requires, under his strict construc-
tion of the act to which 1 have called the attention
of the House, that horse-power only shall be used;
and in the bill I have reported, I provide that in
all cases where powder is to be received or shipped
at the magazine such power only should be used.
I will state that the magazine building is seven
hundred feet from this line of road, and, conse-
quently, that it would be in no danger from the
sparks of the cars. The only possible danger
would be in receiving and shipping powder from
the magazine; but this, I think, is amply provided
for in the bill, by requiring that horse-power only
should be then used.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to say a single word
upon this subject. It is pretty well known, by
those who care anything about it, that I am dis-
posed to be liberal upon this occasion, and upon
all similar occasions, where companies are en-
gaged in making important public improvements.
1 was not in the Hall when this bill was presented,
but I understand that it came from the Committee
on Public Lands. This proposition does not at
all relate to public lands, or anything connected
with public lands. It is an application to run a
railroad through lands which have been appropri-
ated long ago for similar purposes, in or near the
city of St. Louis. It seems to me that this sub-
ject is a proper one for the Military Committee,
and 1 rise merely for the purpose of suggesting to
the gentleman from St. Louis, [Mr. Carutiiers,]
without the slightest disposition to be unfair, un-
reasonable, or illiberal to the railroad company ill
this case, whether we had not better refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs?
I think there are many difficulties involved in
this matter which perhaps might be obviated by
the Military Committee in the course of a single
session. And 1 must confess that the fact of this
bill coming here from the Committee on Public
Lands, with a favorable recommendation, weighs
not a straw with me in its favor. 1 am at a loss
to know how the matter ever went before that
committee. It relates to public grounds which
long ago were appropriated to military purposes,
and they have nothiScjit all to do with the legiti-
mate business of the C$nmitteeon Public Lands.
1 merely desiie, however, to suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Caruthers] tliat he
should move to refer the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) I would suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri that it would be
better for him to make the motion to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands. If
he does not, some gentleman will get the floor
directly, upon the expiration of the morning hour,
and move to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table; which will perhaps throw his business
where he will not find it again.
Mr. B1SSELL. I wish to remark again for
thp purpose of removing any impression to the
contrary that may have arisen, that I am favor-
ably disposed towards accomplishing the object
desired by this railroad company; but I want the
bill to come from the committee to which it should
properly have been referred. With the consent of
the gentleman, I will move to commit the bill to
the Committee on Militaiy Affairs.
The SPEAKER. A motion is already pending
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BiSSELL. I am aware of that. I pro-
posed to make the motion as an amendment, to
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs; but
I will allow the gentleman from Missouri to make
anv motion of reference he pleases.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has not the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot take the floor from the gentleman
fromMissouri [Mr. Caruthers] for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to allow me for a single moment. I have
received the suggestion of the gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Bissell] kindly, and have no objec-
tion to adopt it. 1 will therefore withdraw the
motion to put the bill upon its passage, and move
that the Committee on Public Lands may be dis-
chaiged from it& further consideration, and that
it be committed to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that
disposition of the bill: and if it can be disposed of
at once, I will withdraw the motion to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. There is also a motion pend-
ing to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, then, I had better
insist upon my motion to go to the businesss on
the Speaker's table.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER accordingly laid before'the
House a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting a statement in reference to
the marine hospital fund for the relief of sick and
disabled seamen in the ports of the United States;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
The next business in order was the considera-
tion of the joint resolution authorizing an in-
crease of the force in the office of the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing; which was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Is it in order to make
a motion to lay that bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is ri order.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Then I make that
motion.
[Cries of " No!" "No!" and (( Read the hill
first! "1
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Well J have no objec-
tion that the bill shall be referred to a committee.
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the House Committee on Printing.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. EWING-. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. OftRin the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, if had under consideration House
bill (No. 49)44 to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1854," and that the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Perkins] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Louisiana to let me say one worcf.
Mr. PERKINS. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman with pleasure.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House the other day
adopted a resolution closing debate on the Presi-
dent's message; the time for that debate is now
running, and the debate must close on Thursday
next. I therefore desire to make a motion, which
I wanted my colleague [Mr. Smith] to allow me
or make yesterday* and which 1 think it fair and
just to the House to make; and that is, to lay
aside this bill, and take up the President's mes-
sage, and let the debate go on upon that. I there-
fore hope the gentleman who is entitled to the floor
will allow me to submit that motion.
Mr. PERKINS. I acquiesce in that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the deficiency
bill was thereupon laid aside.
