1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
pany to prescribe to Congress and to the Govern-
ment what conditions will be acceptable to them.
We are the parties who are injured—we, the
Representatives of the people who own this public
property,-and it is our duty to take care of- it and
to provide for it. Now, would it not be a mon-
strous proposition if this company were to apply
to a private citizen for the right of way through
his land, and if that citizen were to impose condi-
tions of such grant for this company to come back
when they had received this gratuity, and to in-
sist that the conditions imposed would be modi-
fied for their interests, although, such grant were
causing the interests of the citizen to be immi-
nently jeopardized. I doubt if the former grant
in a case of this sort, would not be recalled. Cei>
tainly it ought to be.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, 1 have finished what 1
desired to say on this subject. If there be any of
the friends of this bill who desire to be heard, I
shall yield the floor without making the motion of
which I gave notice to the House. However, as
soon as they shall have been heard, as I do not
wish to cut them off from reply, I shall move to
lay the amendment on the table; and I hope the
House will make that disposition of it.
Mr. CARUTHERS. It may be within the
memory of the House, that at an early period of
this session I introduced a bill for the purpose of
explaining and modifying: the bill to which the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has
alluded. Upon that occasion, 1 endeavored to
explain to the House the objects we desired to
accomplish; the reasons why we desired a modifi-
cation, and our objections to the construction given
by the Secretary to the act passed at a previous
session of Congress.
At a previous session, the Iron Mountain Rail-
road Company were given a right of way through
the public lands, to which the gentleman who has
just taken his seat has alluded. The discretion
m reference thereto was confided entirely to the
Secretary of War, and he exercised that discretion
in a manner which was thought by that company,
by myself, and by this House, when they had
this subject before them at a former time, as not
necessary to carry out the intention of the act m
reference to the protection of the public property
there. In the requirements which the Secretary
mad-e at the time when the matter was entirely in
his discretion, there was one point, and one main
point, from which the company wished to be re-
lieved, and which has induced them to come to
this House, and ask a larger latitude than was
allowed them by the Secretary. One requirement
of the Secretaiy was, that the company should
run only horse power through the public grounds.
It was thought by the company, thought by us
heretofore, and I think it will be thought by us
now, that it is not necessary to carry out this
restriction.
It will be seen by the map which I hold in my
hand, that this road runs immediately along the
banks of the river, the Jefferson barracks track,
the magazine track, and the arsenal grounds all
fronting upon the river. The line of the road is
actually located, and by this bill it is to be con-
structed upon the track now located, which is at
high water mark. It is objected—and it is the
main objection—that the road will prove dangerous
to the magazine. This magazine is situated—and
I believe it was so stated by the gentleman from
South Carolina—two hundred and twenty yards
or six hundred and sixty feet from this road. Now,
can it be possible that the Secretary of War—can
it be possible that a single member of the House
does not know that no danger can arise to the mag-
azine by running the road with engines, at a dis-
tance of two hundred and twenty rods from it?
Do we not all know that no sparks from a railroad
locomotivecan reach that building at that distance?
Furthermore, this magazine is some fifty or sixty
feet above the line of the road. Sparks fly up, but
do not fly up sixty feet, and then fly off to a dis-
tance of two hundred and twenty yards, so as to
place even powder in danger !
But beside that consideration, there is another
fact which shows the worthlessness of that objec-
tion, and that is, that this magazine is required to
be fire-proof; and if it is not so, the Government
is vastly wanting in proper care and solicitude for
the safety of the lives of'those who are there em-
ployed. And if it is fire-proof, there can be no
earthly danger from the epaiks from cars running
two hundred and twenty rods from it. The House
is now called upon to sanction this bill; and the bill
provides that when powder is -being either shipped
or received at the magazine landing, that the com-
pany shall only use horse power. But another
fact which the Secretary ought to have known, is,
that powder is seldom received at the magazine
landing, and that it is only in cases of high water
that you can land in front of the magazine at all.
Now, sir, with regard to the other objection—
and I believe it is the one which has the most
weight in reference to this road—it is feared that
it will interfere with the training ground there.
Jefferson barracks have come to be an extensive
training place Horses are brought there from
abroad, and trained preparatory to being sent into
service; and it is feared that this road may de-
stroy the training ground. Well, sir, mark you,
this training ground lies two thousand five hun-
dred feet distant from the line of the road. Now,
it does occur to me, notwithstanding th§ opinion
of the Secretary of War, that if this training of
horses for actual service is to be carried on there,
horses that may, in the chances of waf, have to
stand the fire of artillery, the rattle of musketry,
and the booming of cannon, a railroad two thou-
sand five hundred feet off, cannot do any se-
rious injury. It occurs to me that if these soldiers
cannot train their horses to stand the whistle of a
locomotive two thousand five hundred feet off, the
same soldiers, upon the same horses, will not be
; prepared to do very good service upon the field of
I battle. It is for this reason that the company are
1 to be refused the right of way.
| Now, one word as to the necessity of having
' this right of way through the public grounds.
The Iron Mountain is some eighty miles distant,
and this is the only practicable outlet. When,
on a former occasion, these difficulties were raised,
the company, rather than come to Congress, as
I they have done now, sent out their engineer, a
j very able and accomplished engineer, known by
i reputation to most of the membersof this House,
to ascertain if some other route could not be
found by which they could reach the-Iron Moun-
tain without going through these grounds. After
a careful reconnaissance, however, he ascertained
that they would be compelled to go twenty miles
further by any other route than by the one through
these grounds.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
inform me what is the extent of these grounds ?
Mr. CARTJTUERS. The Jefferson barracks
contain seventeen hundred acres.
Mr. SMITH. Do 1 understand the gentleman
as saying that a routeoutside thosegrounds would
be twenty miles further than through them ?
Mr. CARUTHERS. I presume the gentle-
man from Yirgimadid not understand what I said
m reference to the twenty miles. I said that when
the engineer endeavored to find some other route
by whicn he could avoid passing through" these
grounds, he could not find any other outlst with-
out going twenty miles further than by taking tins
route. That I understand to be a fact, and that
fact is shown hy the official report which I pro-
duced when this matter was up before. Well,
now, sir, these being the facts, this company only
ask that they may be allowed the right of way
to build their road, npt through the center of these
grounds, but along the banks of the river, at high
water mark. If you grant them their request,
the effect will be to open up one of the richevst
regions of country in the Union, and to bring m
the products of that region. In order to save
twenty miles travel through all time, and the ex-
pense of building twenty miles more road at a
heavier grade, which may endanger its very con-
struction, they only ask that the road may pass
through these public grounds.
And what more? In the bill which this House
is now called on to sanction, it is expressly*pro-
vided that this company shall be liable for all
damage done to the public property. The com-
pany is also required to build a strong and sub-
stantial fence between tke railroad and the public
grounds. It is only required to use horse-power
when powder is being loaded or unloaded at the
magazine landing. Now, I would appeal to gen-
tlemen whether there can be any reasonable
ground for objection to a bill so carefully guarded ?
The line of the road is along high water mark,
and there is, therefore, but little of the public
ground used. Horse-power is to be employed
when there is danger, or the least necessity for so
doing; and the company is liable for all damage
done to the public property; and such being the
case, why should not the bill be now put on its pas-
sage? Has the Secretary of War, in his commu-
nication read here this morning, or the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina, in his remarks,
stated any real grounds for a demand on the part
of the government of the company to use horse-
power alone going through the tract? The House
will bear in mmd that the honorable Secretary of
War makes no objection to the ground being used
under this right of way? His only objection is in
reference to the requirement for the use of horse-
power. We have shown the House, I trust, from
the topography of the ground, and from many
other considerations, that there is not the least
necessity for the imposition of guards so scrupu-
lous as those referred to. I hope the bill, as it
now stands, may be allowed to pass. With these
suggestions I resume my seat.
Mr. BENTON. This question comes up this
morning inopportunely. There is a movement
now pending which maybe decided in the Army
bill. It comes up for the sale of one of these
pieces of land—thearsenal piece—to the city of St.
Louis for a public park. If that be done, oneleg
of this difficulty is knocked off. It is so much
gained, and that question maybe decided in an
hour or two in the Army bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the gentleman will
stand back a little, so we may hear his proposition.
Mr. BENTON. What I shall say at present
will be brief, and introductory to a motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If we go into
committee and dispose of the other movement on
the Army bill to-morrow, or next day, when we
go to the business on the Speaker's table this bill
will come up first in order. When the arsenal
grounds are sold to the city of St. Louis for a
public park, we shall know better how to act on
this matter. 1 move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask if this bill will
be the first business in order to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will be upon" the
Speaker's table, and will come up when the House
shall again determine to go to business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. MILLER. I would suggest to my col-
league that unless there is a motion made to go to
the business upon the Speaker's table, this bill
will not come up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The mode of reaching it is
by going to the business upon the Speaker's table,
and there is no other motion that will bring it up.
CLOSE OP DEBATE ON THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the question is put
on the motion of the gentleman from Missouri, I
offer the usual resolution to close the debate upon
the Army bill in one hour after its consideration
shall be resumed in the committee; and upon that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Alabama whether, in the motion
submitted by him, his object is to close debate
upon the particular proposition now pending be-
fore the committee, or to close it upon the Army
bill generally?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot make the motion
to close it upon any particular proposition; but I
must make it upon the bill generally.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have some very import-
ant amendments to offer to the Army bill, which
will require discussion.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. Is not this whole debate
out of older?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I think that it
would be better to extend the time for closing the
debate to three hours, instead of one. I move
that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to make the time
for closing the debate two hours instead of one.
Mr. BAYLY. I am satisfied with two hours.
The previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question, tellers were
demanded and ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
MoMullin were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 30.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
