1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iwm
The question then being upon the adoption of
the resolution to close debate,
Mr. ROBBINS called for tellers.
Mr, FLORENCE asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Church-
well and Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 37.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
also move to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desired the floor before
the question was taken upon the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama, for the purpose of ad-
dressing some remarks to the House.
The SPEAKER. There was no question pend-
ing upon which debate could arise.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wished to move to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala*
bama made the motion to reconsider, but that
motion was also accompanied with a motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wished to make a remark
before the motion to lay the motion upon the table
was made. I now desire the consent of the House
to make a single explanatory remark.
There was no objection, and
Mr. F. proceeded: My object is simply this:
The House ye?terday refused to accede to my
proposition to take up and consider the bills for
increasing the efficiency of the Army, These
Army bills are, in my judgment, of vital interest,
even to the existence of the Army itself. My
object, as I stated, was to have them considered
as independent bills. But as I failed in my at-
tempt, it is now my purpose to annex them to the
Army general appropriation bill. I therefore
hoped that the debate upon this bill might not be
closed, and that members might have an opportu-
nity, if they desired it, to discuss fully these prop-
ositions upon this bill. Rut, sir, the House
having closed debate upon the Army bill, in two
hours after its consideration is again resumed, I
shall still, under a sense of public duty, be com-
pelled to offer them as amendments to this bill;
and if there be no discussion upon them, if the
House is called to vote upon those important
propositions without discussion, the responsibility
and the fault will not be mine.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill and res-
olution of the following titles; which thereupon
received the signature of the Speaker:
A joint resolution, fixing the compensation of
the employees of the legislative department of
the Government, and to prohibit the allowance of
the usual extra compensation to such as receive j
the benefit thereof; and J
An act for the relief of Charles Staples. 1
[A message was here received from the Presi- J
dent of the United States, by Sidney Webster, j
Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the House
that the President had signed sundry bills ofythe
House.] *
ARMY APPROPRIATION BTLL.^J
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and being
taken, it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill (No. 95) making appropriations for the sup- j
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th ;
June, 1855 " j
The pending question being on an amendment \
offered by Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, to insert j
after the words " for the manufacture of arms at j
the national armories, $250,000," the following: j
Provided, That so much of all laws heretofore passed,
•winch authorize the appointment of military officers to
superintend operations at the national armories, be, and
the same is hereby? repealed; and from and alter the pas-
sage of this act, u shall be the duty of the President ot the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint a competent and well qualified civilian
as superintendent at each of said armories."
Mr. BARRY, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee on the subject of the su-
perintendence of armories, and in opposition to
any change of the present system. His speech,
withheld for revision, will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. FAULKNER argued in support of the
amendment, remarking that the House would bear
him witness that he was not actuated to this move-
ment by any hostility to the officers of the Army.
He trusted that his conduct here would show that
no one was more ready than himself to sustain
the Army in alt that appertained to its true line of
duty. He was disposed to give to the Army that
which properly belonged to it, and would render
to the civil pursuits of hfe that which appertained
thereto.
| These national workshops, he contended, were
originally created by Washington for the purpose
of stimulating mechanical skill. The idea that
they were to be a part of the military establish-
ment of the country, an appendage to the Army,
i to be governed by military men, he would under-
; take to say was one which never entered into the
i contemplation of Washington. The best fruits
| of the system had been produced under civil su-
perintendence, and the inventive genius of the
mechanic more largely developed.
In proof of this, he referred to the inventions
which had been made by men employed at the
armories, when under the supervision of civilians,
and argued to show that the best arms had been
produced when the armories were under civil su-
perintendence.
[Mr. F.'s speech is withheld for revision, and
will be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. WALSH. Is there any time left?
The CHAIRMAN. About four minutes.
Mr. WALSH. Four minutes is quite as long
hs I desire at the present time. My friend fiom
Mississippi, [Mr. Harris,] who has just.spoken
to me, says that the history of this Congress is
the history of a few men who jump up and occupy
all its time. No question can come up, no matter
how trivial, no matter how important, but three
or four gentlemen occupy the whole time, and con-
sume a whole hour each, so that if they should
drink upon the same principle upon which they
talk, every time they took a glass of brandy they
would drink it with a whole bucket of water, it is
so diluted. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed by the
House for the closing of the general debate has
now arrived. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] who re-
ported the bill, is, under the rules, entitled to ad-
dress the committee an hour on the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had intended, Mr. Chair-
man to occupy my hour m closing the debate on
this bill. There were some matters which I desired
to say; but as so much time has been already con-
sumed, and only a few days more are left of the
session, I shall waive my right.
[Cries of "Good !"]
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by adding to the amendment of the gentle-
| man from Kentucky the following words:
" And their management and control shall he, and hereby s
is, transferred from the Ordnance Department to the fresi- I
deni of the United States." i
Mr. Chairman, since 1815 the armories have ;
been under the care and management of the ord-
nance department. Persons selected from the ;
Ordnance Board have been, by law, the superin- ;
tendents of those institutions since 1841. The
gentleman from Kentucky now proposes, in his ;
amendment, to take from the President of the i
United States, who has exercised the power from I
the first, the power of appointment of superintend- .
ents of the national armories from the ordnance ;
department. My amendment is to add to that ;
prohibition, direr,ted against the Ordnance Board, ;
a transferral of the whole management of the ar- i
mories to the President of the United States. |
My reason is simply this: the Ordnance Board i
are now responsible for the manner in which the j
armories are conducted. If they are to be respon- ,
sible, they ought to have a voice in the matter, or <
superintendents be selected from their number to '
superintend them, if the superintendents are not ,
to be taken from that board; if none are to be !
selected over whom they may have some control i
and influence, my doctrine—and I hope the com- j
mittee will sustain it—is, that the President of the i
United States should have the authority to ap-
point from all classes of the people,.and relieve the
ordnance department of all responsibility in the
matter. The proposition is so plain that I think
the committee will adopt it.
I should be glad, Mr. Chairman, if I could be al-
lowed, under the rules, to reply to ane or two
suggestions which have fallen from gentlemen
during the discussion on this matter. 1 desire to
make;some corrections. Gentlemen have stated
what they believed to be facts, but which are not
facts, and there is danger of the committee acting
under misapprehension.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman mustcon-
fine his remarks to the explanation of his amend-
ment.
Mr. DICKINSON. The rules now established
for the regulation of the armories were made by
the Ordnance Board. There is no provision iri the
amendment offered'by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] unless the amendment
I have offered to it be adopted, by which any reg-
ulations can be established or enforced. Making
provision only for the appointment of the officers,
the armories will be left without regulations to
govern them.
When gentlemen stand up in their places, and
assure us from their own knowledge that there are
no regulations accessibleto the men,,or,that there
has been a change of regulations sin<?^ the military
superintendency was, established, I desire to in-
form the House what the facts of the case really
are. We have had the evidence before the com-
mittee, and it is undisputed, of Colonel Robb, who
was superintendent of the armory at Springfield
for eight or nine years previous to the military su-
perintendency being established. He testifies that
a written code of laws or rather regulations was
prepared, that they were sent to the Ordnance
Board and approved, and that he caused them to
be written out and read to the men because, they
were new, and then gave a copy to each inspector
and foreman, with instructions to show them to
the men whenever they were called upon to,do so.
Colonel Huger, superintendent at Harper's
Ferry, testified that^Major Symington, his pred-
ecessor, had the regulations written, and that he
had them printed. Colonel Ripley says, in his
communication to the commissioners, that when
he came to Springfield, he found regulations there
which called good, and has kept and enforced
them, without material change, to the present
time. The charge is, that those rules are not ac-
cessible to the workmen—the answer is, itis con-
trary to the evidence in the case.
It is charged, also, that men who work by the
piece, according to an established tariff of prices,
have had the amount of their earnings at the end
of a month reduced, when they called for their
pay, on the ground that the tariff had been re-
duced, although no notice had been given of such *
reduction before the work was done. This is
testified by Colonel B. Moore to have taken place
while he was acting as master armorerat Harper's
Ferry, under Major Symington's superintendency;
Major Symington states in an affidavit that no
such case ever occurred within his knowledge;
that no reduction was ever made, unless notice
was given before the work was done, unless it
occurred by the negligence of Colonel Moore him-
self to carry out the orders of the superintendent,
to give such notice of any intended reduction.
It isuated.also—and much stress laid Upon the
fact—that all the inspectors and other officers who
examined the armories, and the work manufac-
tured there previous to 1841, when the civil gov-
ernment was changed to military, reported favor-
ably as to the condition of the establishment, and
the quality of work, and the character of the offi-
cers and workmen, and the constant improve-
ments and advances made.
This is undoubtedly true, and it is also true that
since the appointment of military superintendents,
the same officers have from year to year spoken
in the highest terms of commendation of the im-
provements in buildings, machinery, and the qual-
ity of the arms manufactured. The Ordnance
Board, the Inspector General Churchill, the Sec-
retary of War, the leading mechanics in the arm-
ories, and the two military members of the com-
mission which met at Springfield, all concur in the
opinion that the arms now made are of a better
quality than before 1841, and that there had been
a constant improvement up to the present time.
