218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
J
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not; but the Chair would say, that he does not
know what the gentleman from Pennsylvania pro-
poses to read.
Mr. GROW. I propose to read a statement from
a paper.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that it is not in
order to refer to matters which have transpired in
the other wing of the Capitol, and he hopes, there-
fore, if the gentleman proceeds with his remarks,
that he will confine himself to those which are
strictly in order.
Mr. GROW. It comes with bad grace 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
call the gentleman from Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. GROW. I will obviate all questions of
order by making statements on my own authority,
and referring to the action of this House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that is
in order.
Mr. GROW. It is not long since that a memo-
rial was presented here, by the citizens of Ohio, or
Indiana, complaining of the State of Pennsylvania
for want of fidelity to the laws and Constitution
of the Union, and of comity to her sister States.
And since then her citizens have been represented
in hostility to the General Government, disobey-
ing the decrees of the Federal courts, imprisoning
the marshals sent to execute the process oftho se
courts, burning the bridges of the railroad com-
pany, tearing up their railroads for some three
or four weeks in succession, showing a disposi-
tion to interrupt all communication between the
East and West across that great thoroughfare;
and, fiually, that her Executive is aiding and
abetting mobs and rioters. That passengers have
been subjected to great inconvenience, and busi-
ness men to unnecessary delay and expense,* by
reason of the difficulties at Erie, is not the ques-
tion-in controversy, but who is in fault for it, and
where ought the blame to rest?
Sir, some years since the State of Pennsylvania
constructed a canal from Franklin, along French
creek, a distance of eighteen and a half miles, to
French Creek aqueduct, which was subsequently,
by act of the Legislature, transferred to a company,
with authority to build a railroad between Pittsburg
and the harbor of Erie; but that road was never built,
nor any part of it; but the company built a road
from the Ohio State line to the city of Erie, two
points separate and distinct from those fixed in
their charter, and over an entirely different route.
And this is the road that makes the connection
between Erie and Ohio, and is of the same gauge
as the Ohio roads. The construction of this road
the supreme court of Pennsylvania decided, more
than a year ago, was without legal authority, and
its use since that time could, therefore, have been
entirely restrained by the Commonwealth; and it
is now subject to such conditions and restrictions
as the Legislature think proper to impose.
The connection between Erie and the State of
New York, is made by what is called the Erie and
and Northeast Railroad, the termini of which was
fixed by its charter at the State line and the bor-
ough of Erie, and one of the conditions of its in-
corporation was, that " the said railroad shall be
so constructed as not to impede or obstruct the
free use of any public road, street, lane, or bridge."
And at the time of building said road, the company
applied to the city authorities for permission to lay
their track within the limits of the city, so as to con-
nect with the Franklin Canal Company's roads.
That permission, as i understand, was granted
with the express condition that it might be re-
voked at any time by the city authorities. At
the time of putting down the track of this road
it was laid at Harbor Creek, some eighty or ninety
rods along a public highway, including the bridge
over said creek, and that, too, under a protest of
the supervisors of the township. But the track,
as originally laid, remained unmolested till the
company commenced taking it up to change the
guage, and then they were notified by the town-
ship authorities, that if they took it up they would
not be permitted to lay it again on the public
highway.
And here is one point of conflict between the
citizens of Harbor creek township and the North-
east Railroad Company; and the other is within
the corporate limits of the city of Erie, where the
railroad company never had any authority from
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to lay down
a track. But whatever differences of opinion
there may be as to the right of the railroad com-
pany, under their charter, to cross the township
bridge at Harbor Creek, and run along the public
highway, that doubt, it seems to me, must end at
the eastern line of the original limits of the borr
ough of Erie. From that point to the State line
of Ohio the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has
never granted any franchise for the construction
of a railroad. Between these points, then, the
citizens of Erie are but resisting encroachments
attempted upon their rights as citizens, and as
members of a municipal government, by an asso-
ciated company acting without any legal fran-
chise. And though they may be guilty of some
excesses in vindicating their rights, are they, or
the party that attempts the encroachments, most
to blame? Had these companies been content to
remain quiet till the meeting of the Legislature,
and then sought there for legal authority before
acting, there would have been no disturbance at
Erie, and travel and trade would have proceeded
as heretofore, unmolested. But why should the
public complain that there should be a break of
gauge at Erie instead of Buffalo; for it must, of
necessity, be at one place or the other.a The rail-
road gauge of Ohio is four feet ten inches; of
New York, six feet and four feet eight and a half
inches; and the Pennsylvania gauge is four feet
eight and a half inches. It is, therefore, impossi-
ble to pass from the northwest, through either
New York or Pennsylvania, to the Atlantic sea-
board, without a change of gauge.
And is there any reason why the citizens of
Erie or the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania should
not avail themselves of the commercial advan-
tages o€ their local and geographical position, es-
pecially when they can do it without any obstruc-
tion of commerce or trade, and without injury to
any other section of the Union? How is trade
and travel obstructed any more by a change of
gauge at Erie than at Buffalo, or any other point
between the inland States and the sea-board ? The
gauges which the different States have selected
for themselves, without any action on the part of
Pennsylvania,has made such change necessaiy.
And all that Pennsylvania or any of her citizens
desire, is the simple enjoyment of the advantages
of her position. She has no disposition to tax
trade and commerce passing through her limits,
nor to obstruct its cheap and speedy transit.
All companies now acting under her franchises
can lay such tracks as they think proper, and of
any gauge. She simply says to Ohio and New
York, you have each free permission to bring
your own gauges within our limits, and join them
either at Erie or at any point west of that. This
is the declaration of her Executive—this is the law
of her statute-book. By this arrangement, all
her rights and interests m her improvements al-
ready constructed, and those in course of construc-
tion, are secured, and th&t, too, without any injury
to the trade of her sister States, or any obstruc-
tion to their intercourse. And because she is dis-
posed to avail herself of the commercial advantages
of her position when she can do it without injury to
any other section, a prejudice is attempted to be
created against her citizens, and even the law-
makers of the country talk of withholding the
rights due her as a member of this Confederacy.
While Pennsylvania is loyal to the Constitution
and laws of the Union, and faithful to her sister
States, she is equally loyal and faithful to herself.
And because her Executive, who is charged with
the maintenance of her rights and her interests,
is disposed to protect both, as well as the rights
of the citizen, against unjust encroachments by
companies acting without legal franchise, he is
made the subject of misrepresentation and re-
proach. '  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I reside in
the West, and I would like to ask the gentleman
a few questions.
Mr. GROW. It would give mepleasure to oblige
the gentleman from Illinois, but after the expe-
rience I have just had in attempting; to oblige a
friend I cannot yield. Sir, what difference can it
make to the West, and s how is her interests
affrcted, whether the change of railroad guage be
at Erie or Buffalo? So far as any local interests
are concerned this is simply a controversy be-
tween Erie and Buffalo, in which the trade of the
great West in its transit to the sea-board has no
interest, save as it is at present obstructed by
these difficulties.
But is the Executive of Pennsylvania, and the
citizens of Erie the party in blame for their exist-
ence, as they conceive they have been resisting
only illegal encroachments and exactions by un-
authorized companies? Every decree of the State
courts has been faithfully observed; and instead
of confining this controversy to the State courts
it was taken into the district court of the United
States by the railroad company; and the citizens
of Erie, acting under legal advice, disregarded its
decrees for want of jurisdiction. And the court,
when that question is fully argued,Instead of de-
ciding it, reserves the opinion, and imprisons the
citizens. And now one complaint against the
Commonwealth is, that she imprisons the mar-
shals and officers of the Federal court. Sir, she
has the right, not only to imprison the marshals,
but the judges, when they act without the author-
ity of law. The proceeding complained of is
simply to test that question. It is a question of
conflict between State and Federal jurisdiction.
And from the time this controversy went into the
district court of the United States it was taken
out of the hands of the Executive and of the State
courts.
No application has been made to them save in
one instance, and in that case the decree of the
court was enforced by State authority, and faith-
fully observed by the citizens; and in no case has
the Governor given encouragement to riots or
breaches of the peace.
Such are, in brief, some of the circumstances of
the controversy between the citizens of Erie and
the corporations to which I have referred. It is
a controversy between the rights of the citizens
and the privileges of a municipality and corpora-
tions acting without legal franchises.
' I have taken this occasion, sir, to make these
remarks, in order to correct the misstatement of
facts which is calculated to do injustice to the ex-
ecutive and judical officers of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, and injury to her citizens.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a simple statement?
Mr. SMITH. I will yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. DEAN. I am unwilling the House should
adjourn before a distinct answer is given to the
question put to my colleague [Mr. Hughes] by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,]
in reference to the course the friends of the AcU
ministration in New York will pursue relative^
to Nebraska. I understand the position they oc- W
cupy is this, (I speak only from my own obser-
vation): they regard the compromise of 1850as a
full and final settlement of the slavery agitation in
Congress, and they are willing that the principles
of that compromise shall be applied to any new
Territory that shall be organized, whether it be
Nebraska, Cuba, or Sonora.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, then resumed the
floor.
Several Members appealed to him to yield it for
a motion to be made to rise.
Mr. SMITH. I am not going to detain the
committee more than a minute. I desire only to
say that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cut-
ting] has made such an appeal to me that, under
the circumstances, I cannot refuse to yield him
the floor, and take my chance of obtaining it again
Mr. CUTTING here rose, and obtained the
floor.
Mr. SMITH. But as the hour is late, I ask
the gentleman to give way for a motion to rise.
[Cries of "No, no!" "Go on!" and much
confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield
the floor for that purpose?
Mr. CUTTING. I do.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Then, with my
colleague's permission, 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to,
And the committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
[Mr. Orr] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the annual message of the
President of the United States, and the resolutions
