THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. (L
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1854.
New Series No. 59.
Tweed, Vail, Vausant, Wade, Wclis, Wheeler, and Zolli-
coffer—75.
So the House refused to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it not first upon second-
ing the demand far the previous question?
Mr. SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is that question open for
debate?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ROBB1NS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn, in order that the bdl may be printed,
and we may have an opportunity of examining1 it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and, a division being had, there were—
ayes 65, noes 62,
Mr. COBB. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. ROBBINS. I wish to makean inquiry of
the Chair. I desire to know in what condition the
bill will be left, if the House now adjourn ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question
has been seconded.
Mr. ROBBINS. If it has been, all will be right.
Mr. DEAN. The previous question was not
seconded. Only one side of the question has been
counted.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider is
pending, and the question of reconsideration will
brin^ the bill up at any time.
The question was then taken upon the demand
for tellers; and they were not ordered.
The Chair then announced the result upon the
motion to adjourn as being—ayes 66, noes 62.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
twenty minutes) adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, dpril 18, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITION'S. ETC.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present the memorial of the American
Statistical Association, praying: that a copy of the
documents printed by order of Congress may be
furnished to them. This subject has already been
referred to the Committee on the Library, and
therefore I move that this memorial be referred to
the same committee. I may say that the association
which makes this request is a very important one,
has done a good deal for the promotion of statis-
tical science, and has rendered important services
to the Census Department of this Government, in
preparing their recent report. I hope, therefore,
that the prayer of the memorial may be favorably
considered by the Committee on the Library. I
move that it be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying Confess to erect a new
post office building at Philadelphia; which was
refeirrd to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of the members of the faculty
of Pennsylvania College, praying for a grant of
land in favor of the chartered colleges of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Gideon Prior, a soldier
of the revolutionary war, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, resolutions passed at a meeting of citizens
of Norristown, Montgomery county, Pennsylva-
59
nia, and resolutions passed ata meeting of citizens
of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, held in the
town hall, at Chester, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill to establish territorial govern-
ments in Nebraska and Kansas; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, praying the establishment of a daily
mail route from KinzerJ3 post office to the village
of Intercourse; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of the heirs-at-law ami descend-
ants of officers of the Army of the Revolution,
who served to the end of the war, praying that
they be allowed the half pay for life promised
those officers, and that the value of the commuta-
tion received by them be deducted from that al-
lowance; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Philadelphia
against the passage by Congress of any bill which
will permit the introduction of slavery into the
Territory of Nebraska, or in anywise infringe
upon the eighth section of the Missouri compro-
mise act; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MALLORY. I present the petition of
Adele Sands, widow of Major R. M. Sands, late
of the Army of the United States, asking for an
increase of pension. I will say, in regard to this
petition, that it is one which appeals strongly to
the sympathies of the Committee on Military
Affairs; and it comes within the precedents estab-
lished by tlie acts granting pensions to the widows
of Major Dade and Major Gardiner. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to. *
Also, the petition of Margaret Chandler, mother
of the late Walter S. Chandler, second lieutenant
of second regiment of United States Artillery,
who was drowned while in the discharge of his
duty, praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Ludlow, Vermont, praying that no appropria-
tion be made to pay for the negroes captured in
the schooner Amistad, and set at liberty by order
of the United States Supreme Court; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
RELIGIOUS PRIVILEGES ABROAD.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, it affords me much
pleasure to present a petition from a number of
American citizens of the tJ ebrew faith, who desire
to unite with their Christian fellow-citizens m ask-
ing the interposition of the Government to secure
to all our countrymen abroad the rights of reli-
gious worship. This union, m order to promote
the accomplishment of this greatobject, is a happy
illustration of the spirit of equality and toleration
which marks our institutions. Persecuted for cen-
turies with bitter hostility, subjected to a tyranny,
civil and religious, more oppressive than that en-
dured by any other people, driven from the prom-
ised land granted to their forefathers, the separate
existence to this day of the children of Israel is a
perpetual miracle, establishing the truth of their
history as well as of our religion, foretold, as it
was, in the earliest period, and seen, as it still is,
in the latest. In their migrations they have at
length reached a continent, unknown to the patri-
archs, by whose rivers they may sit down without
weeping, to change the language of their Psalmist,
even when remembering Zion, and where the law
secures equal rights to all, be they Jew or Gentile.
Exposed as the members of this persuasion yet
are, in portions of Europe and America, both
Protestantand Catholic, to the mostilliberal preju-
dices, and to religious disabilities, the position of
our citizens abroad who belong to it has peculiar
claims to the consideration and interposition of the
Government. Beside^heir legal rightto equal pro-
tection , there is no portion of our population whose
peaceable and law-abiding conduct-better proves
than theirs does, that they are well entitled to all
the privileges secured to every American by our
system of Government. I repeat, sir, I am grat-
ified that they are taking part in this great move-
ment, and I trust that ere long, they as well as all
our other citizens, sent by the accidents of life to
foreign countries, may receive the benefits of it.
I present this petition and another of similar .
import; and I move that they be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
They were so referred.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Oidercd, That tlio. petition of William Ur-uvn be with-
drawn from the fil^s of the Seriate, and inferred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PETT1T, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Francois Cousin, praying the confirmation of
his title to a tract of land, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Charles Evans and others, praying indemnity
for losses occasioned by the operations of the
American army in Florida, in 1814, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill further to carry into
e(iect the provisions of the ninth articleof the Flor-
ida treaty, with respect to certain losses of Span-
ish subjects in West Florida; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
oidered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Eliza M. Evans, praying to be allowed
interest on a sum of money advanced by her
father, Colonel Anthony Walton White, deceased,
for the use of a regiment commanded by him
during the revolutionary war, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Healso,from the same committee, to whom ujere
referred papers in relation to the claim of Isaac C.
Thompson, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac
C. Thompson, the only surviving child and legal
representative of William Thompson, deceased,
formerly a brigadier general in the Army of the
Revolution; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee- Qn Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom the subject was referred,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill making
provision to compensate agents for paying pen-
sions, and prescribing the time and manner of set-
tling their accounts; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were refeired documents in
support of the claim of Sarah Crandall, widow of
James- Coon, to a pension, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Rhoda Lewis, pray-
ing a pension, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Anne
Royal!, widow of Captain William Royall.of the
Revolutionary Army, praying for a pension, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of Sophia Kirby,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
PERCUSSION A "RMS TO THE STATES.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the'following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of eo altering the
law, that such States aa shall desire, be allowed to return to
