xm-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rim
Before elaborating the points I have indicated, as
susceptible ofproof, I desire the committee to listen
to the testimony of Colonel Benjamin Moore.
I understand that he is a very reputable citizen of
unimpeachable veracity; and his testimony, which S
is uncontradicted, reveals the whole matter of the !
inconsistency, the impropriety of, and the gross j
wrong and outrage committed under, military
superintendence of the national armories. Colo- 1
nel Benjamin Moore says: ;
Colonel Benjamin Moore, being duly sworn, testified >
as follows: '
"Question. How long have you been engaged in the !
Government setvice in connection with the national armo-
ries, and in what capacity ?
" Answer. I was master armorer at Harper's Ferry for
about nineteen years.
'k Question. Duiing that time, how long weie the armo-
ries under civil, and how long undet military superintend-
ence, and who were the officers iri charge?
" Answer For ten years and nine months 1 wa? under
-civil superintendence ; tor the balance of the tune under |
miluaiy. The civil supci intendents were General Geotge 1
RiW and Colonel Edwaid Lucas. The military snpprai- j
tendents v\ete Major il. K. Craig and Major John Syimng- '
Con. ,
" Qi/etfion.. During the civil supermtendency, was there !
as much oider and regularity m the armoiy, and Us much
work executed, and executed a? well, as under th'e military
system ?
" Amuer. There was very little difference, so far as the
day-workmen were concerned, between the two system*,
hut there was a great difference in the piece-workers.
Under the civil, when a piece woikman finished his day's
work, which he would commence, sometimes, at four j
o'clock in the morning, h« was allowed to go. Under the
military sjstem, if a piece-woiker get* thiough with par- i
ticulai pieces of woik until after the expiration of the regu- I
lur fraction of the d.iy, he is only allowed up to the expira- i
tion of the next fraction of the day. For instance, if he, j
would finish his day'1-woik five minutes atter the hall'ofa
davexpned, he would have to wait until the end of the •
«e.\t quai ter before he could leave the shop. !
The civil had not the same facilities in point of machtn- j
eiy as the military. :
'• The preparations for begin mug a new model began under j
the civil, lint the manuficture did not commence until tiio I
beginning of the military system. I
" I consider that the piece-work, as earned out under the '
civil, operated greatly to the advantage of the Government,
whilst under the military supermtendency it did not, be- '
cause men had not the same inducement to work when i
they knew they would be kept m the shop after they got ;
Ihmujth, and were fatigued with their day'* labor. j
u Quistion. Were the workmen as cheerful and con- J
touted under one system as under the other ? and state the i
efket of hie two systems upon the woikman as citizens 1
u v/fjjsi/f'j. Under the civil system they weie cheerful ■
and contented, because they were permitted to exetei^e all
their right* as citizen?.. Under the military they are not, ]
becHu.ie they darn not exerci-e all tho^e right,*, tor /ear of'
di^nis.sal. As an evidence of this, Colonel t r.ug dismissed
men because they went to Washington to complain of the '
piece-workmen being placed upon the same Invel as day-
worker*., relative to tune. He took some back, but not
until they signed a solemn obligation not to hold any con-
sult mons or meetings relative to anything that might occur |
in the armory, or to sign any petitions to Congress relative
thereto. This rule, I presume, can still be found at Harper's
Ferry, though the enforcement of it gradually stopped. I !
saw men sign it tnj self, :
" Men's heads were cut off so suddenly, without anv
reason being eiven, that thev became suspicious ol each [
othei, and were actually afiaid to talk to men who had been
discharged from the shop. Some of them were afraid to
talk to me Men were washed c!o«ely. !
" The military system decreased the value of real estate
jn [Jaipur's Ferry. The tenure of employment was so un-
ceitain in the armories, that men wer s afiaid to inve*t. ,
Ono woman has two stores : she used to get $3i!0 each for j
them. Now she rents one for $*200, and can't lent the j
other.
(The Government gave the privilege of purchasing !
their lots to the workmen, so much payable out of each
jmmth's wages. Some men who puicnaeed these lots
were di>mift->ed by Colonel Huger.) Major •*. dismissed i
one man, a cuppled soldier ol the war of 1812, who wa* a !
good filer on springs. Many men were dropped, and prom- i
ised that they would be taken back, but weie never taken 1
back.
Question. By whom were you removed, and was any
cause assigned for your removal:
Answer. I was removed by Geneial Taylor; but as 1
had, on «everal occasions previous, expressed a de*ire to j
the Oidnanee Depaitmcnt to resign my position, and was j
Uiged by General Cass, Colonel Ciaig, fiml Colonel Born-
foid not to resign. i became indignant at my removal, and ,
would not ask tor the cause of it.
Question. In the construction of houses and shop*,
and other structures for the use of the establishment, is ;
there under the military system as much regard panjto ;
economy as under the civil system ? ' ■
" Answer. No, there is not. The military superintend- !
ents spend money lavishly on their quarters. The. com-
parison between their quaiters and those occupied by the ;
civil superintendents, is like the comparison between a ;
palace a<id a cottage. VVoikshops were, built, under the .
military -v«iei.n, beautiful in external appearanco, but urt |
comfortable inside. They were constructed with too many ,
windows, which made it uncomfortable to be woiktn? i'i
them in summer-time. They were im-re like greon houses i
than wmkshops. One shop was built, and after it was ,
done it was di^coveied to be too small for the machineiy ;
that was to go tn if. I informed Major Symington that it j
would be too small, but he disrcgmdtd my suggestion. !
Monday, March 26, 1854.
Colonel Benjamin Moore's examination resumed.
" QucsLon, If the superintendent were «i practical me-
chanic, with good executive qualities, would he have any
advantage over a military officer of sciert ific requirements
and experience in hi-s profession, with like executive abil-
ities in the management ol labor, and the proper exccuuon
ol tiie work ?
" Que.-tion objected to by Mr. Du kinson.
" Mr. Faulkner asked for the yeas and nays on the motion,
{ Shall the question be put V and resulted a  follows :
" Yeas—-Messrs. il. H. Stanton, C. J. Faulkner, W. R.
Sapp—3.
<• Nay*—Messrs. E. Dickinson, h. M. Keitt, J. L. Daw-
son—3.
{k tto it w s decided not to put the question.
" Colonel Moore bcie begged h«avt to make an pxplana
tion in connection with ins testimony given on Monday,the
2uth in-tant, heretofoie not placed upon the record, but to
day ordeied to be recorded. Leave being granted, ho -aid :
" I have worked under practical mechanics since 1816, at
divers places, and under all circumstances; I have in-
spected arms made by private contractors, (practical ine
chanics,) and I can testily of the advantage they possess
overmen who are not mechanics, in the supermtendency
of armories. They are acquainted with matters m the pre-
liminary manuiacture of a musket, ol which a man not a
mechanic would know nothing: for instance, when a bar-
rel was forged pioperfy, when spiings were bent correctly,
when a ranuod was tempered sufficiently to straighten it.
He would also know the value ot things. For instance,
he would not have sold a hundred dozen of files, which
cost §-4 50 per dozen, at #1 25 per dozen, as was done at
Harper's Ferry.
Examination resumed.
u Question. Have any improvements been made in the
machinery under military, and any under civil ajjperin-
tendeney ? if so, state them.
''Jnsjcr. There have be  n n great many improvements
made under civil supermtendency, most of which were, in
anticipation ol their usetulness, carried out atter the mili-
tary system obtained.
" The inventive genius was more displayed under the civil
than under the military superintendence, because there
was more certainty in the tenure of their employ ment, and
of their being benefited by the exercise of their genius un-
der the civil than under the military supennteudency. Men,
in some instances, were compensated tor their inventions
tinder the civil; under the military supermtendency thoy
were not. The inventor oi a patent but, a woikman at the
Spnngrield armoiy, under the mililaiy system, never got
paid for the use ot his invention, which was of me greatest
benefit io the armory.
4k Hall, the inventor of the rifle io be loaded at the breech,
and Gieen, made their inventions whilst they were work-
men under the civil \yetem. lam not certain as to King,
the inventor. Hall died whilst he was on a furlough. He
was a sua .superintendent.
"Question. Have the improvements in the manufacture
ot arms ai the ai mories kept pace with the improvements
in private factories?
<• jinstoer. i can't answer as to private factories.
" Question. Is the bearing ol a military othter townrds.
the workmen undei hiscontroi such as, accenting to your
experience and knowledge, the mechanics and workmen
or the countiv are accustomed to m other employments?
" Answer. It isnot. It is quae different from the manner
I have seen them treated at \ anou  placesm pitvnte estab-
lishments. Theiethey are recognized respectfully. The
militaiy Ueat them impolite and unkind. They ar« disic-
spt.ctlul, and sometimes repulse the men, especially when
tln-y state grievances. X have been repuUed by one military
man more than I have ever been by all the civilians I ever
worked under in my lite put together. Major riynangtou
has lepulsed me nuhe most uncivil manner. He was in
the habit of making a big fu-s about things being uom;
wrong, before he knew whether they were wiong or not.
Sometimes there would be a necessity tor a good black-
smith, but Major Symington would nor employ one. He
would declaie that he could get good workmen at oO,
who vveie the,n gelling $1 80 pel day. 1 wa-dismissed by
General Taylor. "The rtpuUion of myself by Major Syming-
ton occurred m 1847 or lts4b.
The examination of Colonel Moore vvashere concluded,
ami he. was discharged.
"It W?\* ordered by the committee that the evidence of
Colonel Moore, adduced on last Monday, be placed on
recoid. .
Thw is to certify that I have examined the evidence
herembelbic contained, and 1 find U to be the same testi-
mony ot which it puiports to be a true record, said testi-
mony having been given by me.
"BENJAMIN MOORE,"
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and I hope we shall take a vote upon it imme-
diately, and I trust we shall proceed and finish
this bill at once.
The question was then taken on Mr. Flok-
ekce's amendment to the amendment; and it was
not agreed to.
Tftequeslion recurred on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment.
Mr. STRATTON. I demand tellers upon that
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Parker were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALL. I move that the committee do
now rise. The motion was agreed to.
| So the committee rose; and the Speaker having:
I resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Wright,
i of Pennsylvania) reported that the Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union had had the
j Union generally under consideration, and' iSartic-
i ularly the Army appropriation bill, and had come
! to no resolution thereon.
| message from the senate.
I A message was received from the Senate by the
[ hands of Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
! informing the House that the Senate had passed,
! without amendment, a joint resolution of the
| House, and acis of the following; titles:
H. R. No. 30. Joint resolution to fix the
compensation of the employees of the legislative
department of the Government, and to prohibit
the allowance of the usual extra compensation (o
 uch as receive the benefits hereof.
S. No. 60. An act authorizing the construction
of a subterranean line of telegraph from the Mis- .
siastppi or Missouri rivers to the Pacific ocean.
S. No. 393. An act for the better preservation
of life and property from vessels shipwrecked on
the coasts of the United States.
Mr. WALSH. I niovethat the House do now
; adjourn.
vfhe motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at twenty minutes to four o'clock, p. rn.,)
adjourned till to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
When the river and harbor bill was under consideration
in the House of Representatives, on the Uth of July, the
; following letter from the Attorney General was read. We
could not procure a copy at thai time:
Attorney General's Office, June 12,1854.
Sir : I have jour letter of tin* morning on the subject of
the Loubville and Portland canal.
X concur entirely with the Secretary of the Treasury in
opinion of the desirableness of some legislation at the present
session of Congress m relation to the canal. It would un-
doubtedly be the duty of the President, in the j&sence of
any such legislation, to endeavor to take measures to pre-
clude a forfeiture of duch rights a-s the United States may
have m the canal. At the same time, it se.ema to me very
undesirable and inconvenient to ,have the matter so left by
Congress, as to give rise to the allegation of abandonment,
on the part of the United State."?, so as to embarrass the
Executive by the occurrence, perhaps, of a controversy
wuh the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
I think, therefore, if nothing else be practicable at pres-
ent, that it might be well to make provisional arrangement
lor the superintendence of the canal, in anticipation of more
I complete provisions at the next session of Congress.
I am, veiy respectfully, CALEB CUSHING.
Hon. William Preston, Hoitse of Represtmtatives
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 18s 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed, without amend-
ment, the bill fiom the Senate regulating the
time of holding the sessions of the district and
circuit courts of the United States, in the eastern
district of Louisiana; and also Senate bill for tiie
rebel of Thomas K. Glenn.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr, SUMNER I present a memorial from
the Pennsylvania Society for Promoting the Abo-
lition of Slavery, the same society which enjoyed
the friendship of Washington, and of which Ben-
jamin Franklin, Benjamin Rusk, and Dr. Wistar,
weie early presidents. This memorial is an elab-
orate document, engrossed on parchment, and
signed by the distinguished president of this day,
Dr. Parrish, of Philadelphia, with the other offi-
cers, and authenticated by the broad seal of the
society. It protests at length against the fugitive
slave bill, and " earnestly but respectfully solicits
the Federal Legislature to adopt, with the least
practicable delay, the proper measures for ex-
punging from our statute-book an enactment
which as ions; as it remains there must contribute
a dark blot upon our national character in the
view of the civilized wotld."
Among the reasons assigned by the memorialists,
is one to which i feel it my duty to.call particular
attention, and to cravs the attention Off the chair-
