1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
her course of oppression to the toiling masses, and
nothing remains of her former greatness and
grandeur but her decayed and decaying monu-
ments, statues, and temples !
Mr. President, like causcs will produce like
effects. W ith what a warning voice do these his-
toric reminiscences come to us? They are sug-
gestive of words that would fill large volumes, but
I will not enlarge or detain the Senate. Let us
take heed and avoid the rock on which they split,
by an early division of our public lands among
those who will occupy and cultivate them; and
thus you will avoid the answer of the plebeians to
the patricians of Rome, and at all times have an
army willing and efficient in time of need. Give
to the country an army of land-owners and culti-
vators, and we may successfully bid defiance to
the world in arms.
We have vast unoccupied and uncultivated
tracts of lands, and they must remain so for long
years to come unless we adopt this policy; and,
as the lands are no longer needed as a source of
revenue to the Government, let us make this wise
disposition of them that has proved so advanta-
geous to other countries.
And now, Mr. President, if I have not and can-
not convince the judgments of Senators that this
is a wise, prudent, and statesmanlike policy, let me
appeal to their pity, justice, and humanity; and
oh, that I had a thousand eloquent tongues to
make that appeal with. Pass this bill, and hear
the prayers and blessings of millions of honest
hearts ascend to Heaven in your behalf.
Is there a Senator here who, if in his declining
years should find one man suriounded by a family
of childien, who by the operation of this bill had
been raised from poverty, want, and wretched-
ness to comfort, prosperity, and happiness, would
not feel fully rewarded, and in his heart thank
God that he had been instrumental in producing
so happy a result, and that he had voted for so
benign a law ? Justice requires what wisdom dic-
tates. Let it be done.
Mr. EVANS. I have the consent of the Sen-
ator [Mr. Walker] who reported this bill to move
that it be postponed until to-morrow, and at the
same time to move that the bill which has been
heretofore under consideration, reported from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, in regard to
the claims of revolutionary officers, be taken up.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. CLAY. With the consent of the Senator
from South Carolina, I desire to move to take up
the bill which was laid over yesterday at the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] which, I presume, will incur no
opposition, and which will excite no debate. It
is the bill to authorize the school commissioners
of fractional township No. 1, of range No. 10
east, in Alabama, to locate one half section of land
for school purposes. It was laid over on the
suggestion of the Senator fiom Mississippi, not
through any opposition to the measure itself, but, j
with the view of amending it, so as to provide for j
certain citizens of the same class in his own State.
It is intended to authorize the inhabitants of cer-
tain townships in Alabama, to locate other lands in
lieu of the sixteenth section in those townships
which had been reserved by Indian treaties for the
benefit of the Indians.
Mr. EVANS. I will waive my motion to take
up the revolutionary claim bill, to permit the bill
which the Senator mentions to be considered.
Mr. Clay's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill.
It proposes to direct the school commissioners
of the fractional township mentioned, in the dis-
trict of lands subject to sale at Lebanon, Alabama,
to enter, free of charge, in lieu of lands to which
they are entitled by any existing law, one half
section any where in the township, with a view to
the ultimate convenience of the citizens and the
quality of the soil, for school purposes; and such
selection is to be governed by the same rules, laws,
and regulations as other reserved sixteenth sec-
tions in Alabama. They are to locate and report
within two vears to the Commissioner of the bren-
eral Land Office, what lands they have located;
and he is, upon the receipt of the report, to with-
draw the land from sale, and the title is to be as
valid as any of the sixteenth sections heretofore
granted in the new States.
Mr. BROWN. I had intended to move an
amendment to the bill. 1 asked its postponement
yesterday for that purpose. My friend from Ala-
bama objects to it, and thinks it would embarrass
the bill, as the making of an amendment to it
would take it back to the other House. I there-
fore forego that purpose, but give notice that I
will introduce a separate bill to provide for like
interests in Mississippi. The title of the bill 1
have not prepared. x
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, was
read a third time, and passed.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill "to provide
for the final settlement of the officers of the Rev-
olutionary Army, and of the widows and orphan
children of those who died in the service."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to offer a proviso
t<~> one of the sections of the bill, which, I think
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Evans,] who reported the bill, and who deseives
i so much credit for reporting it, and stating it so
ably, will agree to. It is that this act shall be
construed to extend to surgeons' mates, who
served to the end of the war.
Mr. EVANS. It can be done by amending the
first section, which reads as follows:
c: Be it enacted, That ihe officer* of the Army of the
Revolution, who were entitled to h.d( pa> for life under the
lesolutions of Concrete, of the 2Ut of October, 17S0, the
17th ot Jiimmiv, 1781, (lie 8th of May, 17fil, And the 8th of
Mai eh, 1*65, shall be entitled to receive the same, although
such officer may have receive,"!, in hen thereof, the com-
mutation of lull pay lor live year^, muter the resolution of
Congress, of the 22d of March, 1783, "
—after the words <{ eighty-five," may be inserted
the words " including assistant surgeons, or sur-
geons'mates, who shall be allowed the same as
lieutenants."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. I move to amend the bill further
by adding, after the fifth section, the following:
And he it fuither enacted, That in all cases when; any
officer received full pay under the act of 15th of May, JIW,
or any other act of Congress granting pensions to tho offi-
cers and soldiers of the Army of the Revolution, one half the
amount so received shall.be deducted from the Miin to
which such officer, or hi* linen! descendant* may be entitled
under this act, and the time for which su«-h officer's half
pay shall be computed, shall cease at the time he receives
such pension.
I desire to say that the object of the committee
has been throughout, and the bill has been drawn
with that single view, to do mere justice to these
officers, and "to give no one an advantage over
another. Therefore, this clause contains this pro-
vision. In 1828 all surviving officers of the Revo-
lutionary Army, by the act passed on the 15th of
May, were to receive full ]iav for life. The act
contains a provision that their "half pay under this
act shall cease at the time when their pensions
commenced; but their pension was more than
half pay; it was full pay; and this additional sec-
tion merely provides, that whatsoever they receive
over and above their half pay, shall be deducted
from the sum to which they may be entitled.
This is done with the view of putting; the survivors
on the same footing as deceased officers.
Mr. WALKER. 1 do not know that I prop-
erly understand the amendment of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina; and I will ask him
whether I understand it aright. 1 f I do, it provides
that from the time that the pensions under the act
of 1828 commenced, the half pay shall cease.
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir. •
Mr. WALKER. And in addition thereto, if
an officer lived for any length of time afterwards,
and received a pension, one half of the pension so
received is to be deducted from the amount of half
pay which he would have received up to the com-
mencement of the pension.
Mr. EVANS. That is it.
Mr. WALKER. Well, sir, I cannot go for
that proposition. I think that the withholding of
the half pay of the revolutionary officers, or
i-ather the commutation of it, inflicted sufficient
injury upon them.
Mr. EVANS. If the Senator from Wiseonsin,
the chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, objects to the amendment, I will with-
draw it.
Mr. WALKER. I think that it is better to
do so.
Mr. EVANS. I withdraw.ihe amendment.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, this is a very im-
portant bill, and I must confess that I am not pre-
pared to vote in favor of it; nor, I may say, to
vote against it at present. All those who have
known, historically or traditionally, anything of
the events of the Revolution, must know that 'it
was a period of suffering from its commencement
to its termination. In fact, during the existence
of that struggle, we had scarcely a Government.
Our institutions were kept on almost by their own
force. From the commencement to the termina-
tion of the Revolution, from year to year, there
was a successive depreciation of the currency
issued by the Government, whether in the shape
of securities, or Continental money, or whatever
it was. These were graduated, and the losses
were imposed upon the community from time to
time.
We all know that the amount of payment to
the officers and soldiers was small; in fact, next to
nothing. My own father was one of the officers
of the Revolutionary Army, and I recollect per-
fectly, that when a boy, I heard him tell that he
had given a month's pay for what was called ft
" yaid" of tobacco in those days. That depreci-
ation was the lot of all.
Now, my difficulty in regard to the matter is
this: This matter was settled nearly half acentury
ago. I do not know how it comes before us.
Have there been applications from any particular
quarter for it? Then, if we begin a system of
compensation which shall make the Government
pay m one case, or one class of cases, the actual
and nominal amount of its money issues, without
reference to the scale of depreciation at which
they were issued, why are we not called upon
to pay off the old Continental money, dollar for
dollar' Yet we all know that it is perfectly im-
possible to do any such thing; our revenue could
not meet it at all. The losses of the Revolution
did not fall upon individuals alone, but more or
less upon the whole community; and it seems to
me that we ought to understand thoroughly what
we are doing. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina, I know,has investigated the subject;and
after his examinations, he has stated the amount
of expense to which the bill will subject us as not
exceeding ^4,000,000. But, sir, every man who
has attended to the operations of this Government
for a series of years, must know how little depend-
ence can be placed on such calculations. _ Let any
man go back to the history of the pension laws,
the heavy ones of which commenced about 1831,
and he will observe what little connection there
has been between the estimates and the actual ex-
penditures under the pension laws. The expend-
itures have exceeded the estimates three or four
or five times. This will be the case here. Judg-
ing from what has happened, we may well suppose
that this will be so. Perhaps we have not suf-
ficient materials on which to base a calculation.
Whatever the circumstances were which led to the
result, such, nevertheless, has been the fact under
the pension laws.
I think I am in the same condition with a num-
ber of other gentlemen of the Senate on this sub-
ject; and I rose for the purpose of stating that I
am not now prepared to vote on this bill. I want
to do justice; but it seems to me that this bill will
be either opening the door very partially, or will
I be opening a door for expenditures which it would
! be out of the power of this or any other Govern-
I ment to meet.
I Mr EVANS. Mr. President, when this bill
! was before the Senate, some days ago, I submit-
! ted what I supposed to be a fair statement of the
j amount in which it was likely to involve us m the
way of expenditure. I now hold in my hand a
letter from the Third Auditor, in which he says
that the whole number of officers who have received
the commutation, or half pay for life, amounts to
two thousand two hundred and fifty-six. 11 you
add to these the claims that have never been pre-
sented forty-six more, it will make two thousand
three hundred. The highest amount at which the
officers of the Revolution have everbeen estimated
was two thousand four hundred and eighty; but
it does not appear, from the books in the Treasury
Department, that more than two thousand two
hundred and fifty-six have ever received commu-
tation,or halfpay. Now, if you take theaverage
