1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22* '
fore move that it do now adjourn. The motion
to commit, which is pending, will keep the joint
resolution from the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at fifteen
minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) until Monday
next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 23, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William II. Milbxjrn.
The Journal of Thursday was read mid approved.
Hon. EIuuiurt Toombs, of Georgia, appeared
in his seat this morning.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a resolution at this time,
and I ask for its immediate consideration. The
Committee on Private Land Claims, in view of the
immense amount of business devolving upon it,
and the quantity of writing which its members
have to do as members of other committees, have
directed me to submit the following resolution:
Revolted., That the Committee on Private Land Claims
lie autliouzfd to employ a clerk.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Benjamin
F. Cooper, in which he remonstrates against the
passage of an act, entitled "An act to secure the
right of citizenship to children of citizens of the
United States born out of the limits of theUnited
States:" which was referred to the Committee on
' the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of Augustin Demers, nephew
and only surviving descendant of Francis Chan-
donet, praying to be allowed the commutation to*
which said Cftandonet was entitled under certain
resolves of Congress; which wns referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of Eliza-
beth C. Smith, praying for bounty land and three
months' extra pay, she having served in the army
during the Mexican war, under the assumed name
of " Bill Newcom;" which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition ofinspectors
of customs for the district of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented three petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying that a grant of land
may be made to aid in the construction of the
Great Western Air-line railroad from Fort Wayne
to Council Bluffs; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Jane
M. Rudulph, widow of Thomas C. Rudulph, late
captain m the United States revenue service, pray-
ing for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented three petitions
of citizens of Clay and Fayette counties, praying
for the establishment of a mail route fiom McGte-
^or's Landing to Bradford, in Chickasaw county,
Iowa; which were referred ^to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Iowa, pray-
ing that a grant of land may be made to aid in the
construction of the Great Western Air-line rail-
road -rem Fort Wayne to Council Bluffs; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Samuel M. Clendenin,
pi ay in? compensation for services as clerk to Lieu-
tenant llnsrgles m 1840; wlvch was referred to the
Committee "on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ontcied* That the memorial o-'the representative j
of William Ru^wutm he withdiawn fsnm the files of the !
Senate, and icfeirud to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Oideied, That the papers in the caj-e of CoUmel J. J.
And-nson he withdiawn from the fih'S of the Senate, and
refctr«'d to the Committee on [Vn<ion*>.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Sown, it was
0,,ie,e.l. That tin' papers in the case of Mr*.
widow of Colonel Flojil, lie witlidiawn Horn the nles ot
the Senate, in order that they may be presented in the
House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. PiSH, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofTiiaddeus Scott, one of the
children of William {Scott, an administrator of Susannah
Scott, prayingto be allowed the pension to which he alleges
said William Scott was entitled under the act of July 7,
1838.be withdrawn from the files oi'rltc Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Stewart, mother of
Captain James Stewart, and the memorial of Rev. Richard
Fuller, he withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Lands,
to which was referred a bill making a grant of
public lands to the several States and Territories
of the Union, for the benefit of indigent insane
persons, has had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report the bill back with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, in which
it asks the concurrence of the Senate; and when so
amended, it recommends the passage of the bill.
1 move the printing of the substitute and the re-
port. I desire to signify to the Senate my purpose
to call up this bill for action at ail early day.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Pensions, to
which was referred the memorial of David P.
Weeks, has directed me to submit an adverse re-
port thereon; which report f move maybe printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Pensions has
had under consideration the petition of Adam
Hays, late a surgeon in the Army of the United
States, praying arrears of pension. It finds that
this petition was referred to the Committee on
Pensions at both sessions of the last Congress,
and on both occasions adverse reports were made
from that committee to the Senate, and those re-
ports concurred in. The only report the com-
mittee now make, is a resolution that, without
further examination of the papers in consequence
of those adverse reports, and the concurrence in
them by the Senate, the prayer of the petition of
Adam Ilays be rejected.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of William Blake,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee 011 Print-
ing, to winch was referred the motion to print the
memorial of Samuel C. Reid in behalf of the
claimants in the case of the brig General Arm-
strong, reported m favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Richard King, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to which was re-
ferred the petition and accompanying papeis of
Daniel Myerle, praying compensation for losses
sustained in his efforts to introduce the mode of
water-rotting hemp into the United States, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the documents in
relation to the claim of Jonathan Kearsley, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill to provide
for the final settlement of the accounts of Jona-
than Kearsley, late receiver of public moneys at
Detroit, and of John Biddle, late register of the j
land office at that place; which was read, and j
passed to a second reading. The report was or- j
dered to be printed. !
He also, from the same committee, to which 1
was referred the petition of William A. Burt, sub-
i muted a report, accompanied by a bill to enable
1 the United States to make use of the solar com-
pass in the public surveys; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
BILLS SIGNED.
! A message from the House of Representatives
! was received, by Mr. h ouycy, its Clerk, aimuun-
1 cmg that its Speakei had signed the following en-
1 vol fed bills and joint resolutions:
An act explanatory of an aet entitled ** An act
for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts;"
A joint resolution'of thanks to General John
E. Wool;
An act for the relief of Lewis B. Willis, late a
paymaster in the Army of the United States; and
„ A joint resolution for the relief of Alexander
P. Field, late Secretary of Wisconsin Territoiy
and sureties.
Which were then signed by the President pro
tempore.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the permission of the
Senate to submit at this time a report from the
1 Committee on Territories in relation to the Ne-
braska bill, which was set apart for to-day. The
committee have had their attention called to the
southern boundary of the proposed Territory of
Nebraska, as fixed by the bill already reported,
which is on the line of 360 30'. Their-attention has
been called by the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs to the fact that that boundary would
divide the Cherokee country; whereas, by taking
the parallel of 37° north latitude as the southern
boundary, the line would run between the CJher-
okees and the Osages. We have concluded, there-
fore, to vary the southern boundary, in order not
to divide the Cherokee nation by the terms of the
bill.
Then there are two delegates here who have
been elected by the people of that Territory. They
are not legal delegates, of course, but they have
been sent here as agents. They have petitioned
us to make two Territories instead of one, dividing
them by the fourtielh parallel of north latitude—
the Kansas and Nebraska Territories. Upon
consulting with the delegates from Iowa, I find
that, they think that their local interests, as well
as the interests of the Territory, require that the
proposed Territory of Nebraska should be divided
into two Territories, and the people ought to have
two delegates. So far as 1 have been able tocon-
sult the Missouri delegation, they are of the same
opinion. The committee, therefore, have con-
cluded to recommend the division of the Territory
into two Territories, and also to change the bound-
ary in the manner I have described.
We have prepared our amendment in the form
of a substitute, to come in iieu of that which we
have already reported. We have also incor-
porated into it one or two other amendments,
which make the provisions of the bill upon other
and more delicate questions more clear and spe-
cific, so as to avoid all conflict of opinion. I pro-
pose to substitute this bill which I hold in my
hand, for the one reported by the Committee on
Territories. I merely ask now that it may be
printed, so that Senators can see what it is.
Mr.GWIN. Does the Senator propose to post-
pone the consideration of the Nebraska bill?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Only for the purpose of
having the substitute printed which I now offer.
I do this at the request of various friends. I pre-
; fer myself that we should proceed to the consiil-
I eration of the subject to-day; but various friends
have asked for an opportunity to look into the
1 bill, and therefore it is that I ask for an order for
its nrmting.
Mr. GW1N. Will the Senator call up the Ne-
braska bill in the morning?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I intend to do so.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the honorable
Senator from Illinois distinctly, and I wish to know
whether the amendment he now proposes as a
substitute is reported from the committee?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 would ask the Senator from
Illinois whether the committee has reported only
a single bill for both Territories, or a separate bill
for each ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. We put both Territories in
one bill. If the substitute which I offer be printed,
Senators can see precisely what the committee pro-
I P°Mr.°JOHNSON. Are the boundaries specified
in each case ? „ . .. ,
! Mr. DOUGLAS. Everything is specified,
i T(Pe motion to print was agreed to.
The bill, as originally introduced by Mr.
Dodge, of Iowa, provides that all that part of
the Territory of the United States, included be-
tween the summit of the Rocky Mountains on the
west the States of Missouri and Iowa on the east,
