1854;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1789
of those glorious men who gave us the Constitu-
tion which we now enjoy, entertain particular
opinions, and that the present Congress is doing
something extraordinary, and that the South are^
cruei oppressors! Those great men sustained no
such opinions as those set forth in the petition
presented by that Senator this morning.
This is all wrong. I have no excitement about
it. But as a citizen of this Union, as a Union
man, desiring the preservation of the Constitu-
tion, it does disturb me. I should feel more sat-
isfied, as a member of this body, if the Senator
himself would use that propriety which he rec-
ommended to another, whose decorum is known
to us all. If he, as a patriot should do, would
rely upon principle, and not upon prejudice; if he
would recognize the Constitution of his country
and abide by it, and not be the instrumentality of
disturbing it, 1 should be glad. If it were not
that it would be getting into a debate on this ques-
tion, I should propound several questions to the
Senator in relation to his constitutional views; but
I will not do it, because it might lead to a pro-
longed discussion.
Mr. GWIN. I move to jay this paper upon
the table, as it is leading to delate.
Mr. RUSK. There is a paper connected with
that petition, to the reception of which I object.
It is a letter, a very prejudiced one, which seems
to have been drawn from a Gtuaker of Delaware by
a letter addressed to him by a Senator in this body,
the Senator from Massachusetts. That letter re-
flects grossly and falsely upon the South, and it
reflects upon the officer 
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has brought the paper before us. *41e is re-
sponsible to the Senate for it, and I askthatit may
be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Wilmington, 6th month 17, 1854.
To all whom it may concern • T called on Samuel
Guthiie, commissioner, residing at New Caetle, this day,
to request of him a copy of hisdeci.siori in the case of Nod
Davis, ihe salt water fugitive, winch he declined to fur-
nish ; firs>t, because it would take some two or three
hour?? to write out his derision; and second, he did not
wish to write out an opinion just to satiety the public, that
would be published m the papers, arid then torn to pieces
by thoye who might fee fil to comment upon it; he had
given Ins decu-ioii for the delivery of Davis, and did not
feel bound to furnij-li the public with Ins reasons for so doing.
He further stated that John W<ilets, es-q., waj> present, and
had takpn down the head-* of his reasons for deciding as
he did, or he should have furnished them. He seems lo
have forgotten that, at the tune, he promised to write it out
at his leisure, and give it to ua. lie also told me the day of
the decision, befoie lie gave it publicly, that he had com-
menced to wnte it out, but, not being well, had not com-
pleted it. At the time alluded to, the morning before he gave
up Davis, be slated to me that lie was not prepared to «ay but
what Ned Davis was entitled to his freedom, bv the laws of
Maryland ; but that must be proved in Georgia, from whence
he escaped, if anywhere. He had positive proof that be
was held as a slave by Dean, of Georgia, and he could not
not go into the crwe lo determine whether or no he was
held there according to law. The proof of his being held
there as* a slave was the ground of hw decision Ifh^
had been so kind as to have furnished the friends of Ned
Davis with those facts—that he could not go into the justice
of Dean's claim to Davis, but must return him at all h.iz
ards—it would have been wone than folly to employ
council to attend to his case at all.
Vety respectfully, THOS. GARRETT.
Wilmington, Delaware, 6th month 17, 1P54.
Esteemed Friend, Charles Sumner: Two or three
days since Dylvvin Parrt^h, of Philadelpia, sent me a letter
he had received from thee, requesting all the important
facts relative to the trial and return of Ned Davis, claimed
by Dean, of Georgia, as a slave I at once put thy letter
and his into the hands of ex Senator Wales, who was em-
ployed to defend Davis, and requested him to wute out ail
the*facts, and forward to thee. At the same time I gave
him a copy of a letter from E. A. Nesbit, an attorney of
Macon, Georgia, who had been written to to test the valid-
ity of Dean's claim to Davis, in answer to winch he wrote
ns he was dead, but were he in life, he would not hesitate
to undertake his ease. Wales will forwaid the copy of
that letter, also one from his brother, cut fiorn the Pennsyl-
vanian, published in Philadelphia, by which it will be found
his profession^ were all gammon Yesterday, at Wales's
suggestion, f went to see Guthrie,at New Cattle, to get his
own statement, which thee will see he declines to give, for
reasons set forth, arid afterward* contradicts himself by ray-
ing ho would have furnished the heads of it, if Wales had
not been present, and taken it down. I showed the within
statement to Wales, and he directed me to say he would
send th^e all the documents he can furrush in the case in a
dav or two. We are hoastingly told that the South is not
only just, but honorable, and that a colored person can al
wavs have a fair trial for his freedom there ; nay, more, I
have frequently been boastingly toid they are so tenacious
of Hie rights there, that theie are always attorneys of good
standing"enough to be found there to volunteer to see that
they have a fair trial. What ha« wrought such a sudden
change there ? The Nebraska-Kansas bill, or the Burns
tragedy at Boston ? I was iu Boston at the time Burns was
taken, and L agree with the Richmond Enquirer—a few
more such victories, and the return of slaves from the North
will he of the past, not the present. I rejoice that our
Pennsylvania friends have petitioned for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law. It is odious to all decent men of feeling.
Guthrie, who got ten dollars for returning poor Davis, de-
clared to me he would have given fifty dollars cheerfully to
be released from making the decision. It showed one of
two things: it was repugnant to his feelings to do it, or
ashamed to own he done it willingly. He declared to me
he lost two night's sleep, and had no comfort while in
church on Sunday, reflecting on it. Well, he swallowed
the pill, and I presume he will soon be able to conquer his
prejudice.
Thine truly, THOS. GARRETT.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me to
make a few remarks ?
Mr. RUSK. I was not through with what I
intended to say. 1 shall be in a minute. With
regard to the billingsgate and falsehoods towards
the South in that letter I have nothing to say. I
care nothing about them. They are the capital
of certain parties. It is what they have to say
in reply to all arguments. Destitute of principle,
they must, as a matter of course, have resort to
the calling; of names and to the utterance of false-
hoods to sustain them in the seeming plausibility
of what they say; but here is the principle to
which I object.
A member of this body writes a letter to an in-
dividual about a transaction, evoking from that
individual an answer which is slanderous towards
the officer who executed the law, and then pre-
sents it to this body. It is a paper slanderous to
that officer, and a libel upon him. It talks about
the power of his conscience; that he could not
have comfort in church; that he got ten dollars for
sending this man back. Such poor, pitiful, trifling
expressions as these, which form the capital of
certain persons are indulged in. This is the prin-
ciple which I object to. No Senator here has a
right to draw from anybody an ex parte slanderous
statement towards a private individual, much less
towards an officer of the Government, and then
spread it on the records of the Senate. I object
to the reception of the paper.
Mr. Gw IN. I want to ask a question of the
Chair. Does a motion that the subject lie on the
table stop debate?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it does.
Mr. GWIN. Then I move that it lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.'
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. Debate is not in order on
this motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw it for a few minutes.
Mr. GWIN. I will give way to the honorable
Senator from Delaware for a minute, if he will re- i
new the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I should not take part in this
discussion, or any notice of the communication i
which is now before the Senate, though not ad- j
dressed to the body, were it not that I am person- ;
ally acquainted with thecharacfprof the individual 1
who wrote that letter. I may say of him that,
upon the subject of slavery—the abolition of slav-
ery—he is a maniac. Sir, it has been my fortune,
within the last ten years, since 1846, to be em-
ployed to bring action against that very man, not
under the present fugitive slave law, but under the
law which had stood since 1793, for, as I call it,
stealing or aiding to steal slaves who had escaped
from the State of Maryland into the State of
Delaware. I brought several actions against htm,
and I recovered penalties under that law. I ob-
tained verdicts from the juries, without leaving the
! box, to the amount of nearly $8,000; but he
smuggled away his property in some mode, and
covered it up, so that only $2,000 of the amount
of the verdicts could be got out of him. So strong
was the sentiment of the jury in my county, (in
which 1 admit there are a vast number of Aboli-
tionists, and persons who are infected with the
peculiar notions of the Society of Friends,) that
when, after the verdicts of the juries in those
cases had been s:iven, and the penalties awarded
under the act of Congress, I sued him for trespass,
de bonis aspartatis, the jury gave me, without leav-
ing the box, the full amount of the value of the
slaves, in addition to the penalty of the act of
Congress. He had been accessory to the removal
of slaves by one of the modes m which these
gentlemen, who are so exceedingly philanthropic,
remove the property of others, and take it from
its owners. He paid the penalty in that case.
I mention this as the character of "the man, in.
order that you may see that in any-question con-
nected with slavery, I would not take his word
for any statement of fact under oath, or not under
oath; because I consider him a maniac on the
subject. I believe such is the general estimation'
of him in the neighborhood in which I live.
As regards the commissioner in that case, Mr.'
Guthrie, he is a gentleman of high standing at the
bar, a modest, retiring, firm man'. I presume he
based his opinion upon the ground which I main-
tain, under the act of Congress for the delivery
of fugitives; and it is this: The object of the set,
is not to try the question of freedom or slavery-—
to determine it finally—because the effect of the
decision of the commissioner cannot be such as
regards the rights of masters. If the slave is re-
turned into his own State, under the laws of that
State he has the right to apply for his freedom
if he is entitled to it. The principle of the fugi-
tive slave law, as I understand it, is, that slavery
being acknowledged by the Federal Constitution,,
for the purpose of the return of fugitive slaves, if
slavery is the condition of the black man in the
State from which he escapes, and you prove the
fact that he was held in slavery at the time he es-
caped, and that he did escape, then it follows of ne-
cessity that being in a state of slavery he cannot,
by his escape, change the jurisdiction which is to
determine his right to freedom one way or the other.
That I suppose to be the principle of the law
It is a mere ex parte proceeding. It does not bind
the slave when he is returned into the State from
which he has escaped, and where he has been held
in slavery; but the question of freedom or slavery
may still be determined there. This is the only
fair interpretation of that law. You are to pro-
ceed upon it precisely as you do m reference to
the escape of criminals, fugitives from justice.
You do not mean to tiy the question whether the
man is guilty or not of the crime before you re-
turn him, but you return him that he may be tried
in the State from whence he escaped. So, by
parallel and analagous reasoning in reference to
the slave, the Constitution recognizes the right to
hold slaves in the States in which slavery is recog-
nized, and it provides for their return; and I say,
on no principle, if slavery exists in a State, can
the party held to slavery, shift the jurisdiction
into another State by his escape. All you have
to do is to show the fact that he was held to sla-
very. If he was held wrongfully, he can apply
to the State in which he was held; but he cannot,
by his escape, change the jurisdiction which is to
determine whether he is a.slave or not. I may be
wrong in this opinion. I am not going to dilate
on it now. I am not going into all the principles
which I think necessarily and properly result from
it. No doubt I differ in opinion from the Senator
from Massachusetts.
It is on that ground, I gather from this letter,
that the commissioner in Delaware decided on
this case, and I think rightfully. Were I a com-
missioner, and were a party brought before me as
a fugitive slave, and his escape from another State
was proved to me, or admitted by himself, I should
not enter into the question of whether, under any
technical construction of the laws of the State he
was, or was not, legally a slave there. It would
be enough for me to know that he was held in
slavery, and instead of resorting to the laws of
the State in which he was held, and which would
have removed the evil if he was unjustly held, I
say, on a mere summary proceeding, which is not
intended to determine finally the question of sla-
very at all, which does not bind the rights of the
negro, which would not be evidence for the pur-
pose of holding him in slavery, and which goes no
further than into the prima facie case, if the facts
were established that he was held in slavery, and
that he had escaped while so held, I should return
him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President 
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to
state my point of order? I object to the reception
of that paper, first, because it is not addressed to
the Senate, and secondly, because it contains
statements which are disrespectful to the South.
The PRES1 DENT. The question then will be
upon the reception of the paper, and that question
is not debatable, unless by anaaimous coasent.
