222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
the 430 30' north latitude on the north, and the
Territory of New Mexico, and the parallel of 36°
30f north latitude on the south, shall be organized
into a temporary government, by the name of the
Territory of Nebraska; but nothing in this act is
to be construed to impair the rights of persona or
property now pertaining to the Indians in that
Territory, so long as such rights shall remain un-
extinguished by treaty between the United States
and such Indians, or to include any; Territory
which, by treaty with any Indian tjribe, is not,
without their consent, to be included within the
territorial limits, or jurisdiction of any State or
Territory. All such territory is to be excepted
out of the boundaries of Nebraska, until the tribe
shall signify to the President of the United States
their assent to be included. The usual provision
is made for the appointment of Executive officers
in the new Territory; and also for a Territorial
Legislature, a Judiciary, and a Territorial Delegate
to the Congress of the United States.
The Committee on Territories reported back
the bill with a substitute, in which they thus de-
fine the boundaries: "Beginning at the south-
west corner of the State of Missouri; thence run-
ning west, on the line of 36° 30' north latitude,
until it intersects the 103d meridian of longitude
west of Greenwich; thence north, on the me-
ridian, until it intersects the 38th parallel of north
latitude; thence west, on the said parallel of lat-
itude, to the summit of the Rocky Mountains;
thence northward along and upon the summit of
said range of mountains to the western boundary
of the Territory of Minnesota; thence southward,
on and with said boundary, to the Missouri
river; thence down the center of the main chan-
nel of said river to the State of Missouri; thence
south, on and with the western boundary of said
State, to the place of beginning." The territory
thus defined they propose to constitute a Terri-
tory, and afterwards to be admitted as a State,
with or without slavery, as their constitution
may prescribe at the time of their admission; the
power, however, being reserved to the General
Government to divide this Territory into two or
more, as Congress may deem proper. The sub-
stitute, as the original bill, makes provision for
the appointment of Executive officers, aTerritorial
Legislature, a Judiciary, and a Delegate to Con-
gress. The seat of government of the new Terri-
tory is to be located at Fort Leavenworth, which
is now a military station. The substitute con-
cludes with this section:
Sec.21. Jindbeit further enact cd, That in order to avoid
all misconstruction, it U hereby declared to be the true in-
tent and meaning of this act, so far as the question of slav-
ery is concerned, to carry into practical operation the
following propositions and principles, established by Hip
coriipromir>e measures of one thousand eight hundred and
fifty, to wit: . ,
First. That all questions pertaining to slavery in the 1 er-
ritoric, and in the new States to bo formed therefrom, are
to be left to the decision of the people residing therein,
through their appropriate representative*.
Second. That " all cases involving title to slaves," and
" questions of personal freedom," are referred to the adjudi-
cation of the local tribunals, with the right of appeal to the
Supreme Court of tin; United States.
Third. That the provisions of the Constitution and laws
of the United States, in respect to fugitive* from service,
are to be carried into faithful execution mall the "organ-
jzedTerritonea" the same as in the States.
The committee in their report say, that the prin-
cipal amendments which they submit to the Senate
are those in which the principles established by
the compromise measures of 1850, so far as they
are applicable to territorial organizations, are pro-
posed to be affirmed and carried into practical
operation within the limits of the Territory.
The substitute now submitted tQ create two Ter-
ritories, provides that
" All that part of the territory of the United States in-
cluded within the following limits, except such portions
thereof as are hereinafter expres^y exempted from the oper-
ations of this act, to wit: Heginniug at a point 111 the Mis-
souri river where the fortieth parallel of north latitude
crosses the same; thence weston said parallel to the summit
of the highlands, separating the waters flowing into the
Green river or Colorado of the West from the waters
flowing into the Great Basin ; thence northward on the said
highlands to the summit of the Rocky Mountains ; thence
on said summit northward to the forty-ninth parallel of
north latitude ; thence wes^t on said parallel to the western
boundary of the Tenitory of Minnesota; thence southward
on said boundary to the Mis*ouu river; thence tfewn the
main channel of river to the place of beginning, be,
afid the same is hereby, created into a temporary govern-
ment by the name of the Territory of Nebraska. "
Another section in the substitute provides that
"All that part of the territory of the United States in-
cluded within the following limits, except such portions
thereof as are hereinafter expressly exempted from the oper-
ations of this act, to wit: Beginning at a point on the west-
ern boundary of the State of Missoun, where the thirty-
seventh parallel of north latitude crosses the same; thence
west on said parallel to the eastern boundary of New Mex-
ico ; thence north on said boundary to latitude thirty-eight;
thence following said boundary westward to the summit of
the highlands dividing the waters flowing into the Colorado
ot the West or Green river from the waters flowing into the
Great Basin; thence northward on said summit to the for-
tieth parallel of latitude; thence ean on said parallel to the
western boundary ot the State of Missouri; thence south
with the western boundary of said State to the place of be-
ginning, be, and the same is hereby, created into a tempo-
rary government by the name of the Territory of Kansas.
The section providing for the election of a Del-
egate is amended by adding to the words " that
the Constitution, and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory as
elsewhere in the United States," the following:
Except the eighth section of the act preparatory to the
admission of Missouri into the Union, approved March 6,
1820, which was superseded by the principles of the legis-
lation of 1850, commonly called the compromise measures,
and is declared inoperauve.
There are other amendments that do not mate-
rially affect the principle of the bill.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating a statement of receipts and ex-
penditures of the marine hospital fund for the
year ending 30th June, 1853; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
SENATE CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the act regulating the dis-
bursement of the contingent fund of the Senate,
and fo? other purposes, with the amendments
proposed by the House, has instructed me to
recommend the Senate to disagree with the House
in their amendments except the last, and to re-
port an amendment in lieu thereof. The last
amendment of the House the committee recom-
mend the Senate to concur in. I move that the
Senate proceed to consider the amendments at
this time.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendments of the House, which the
committee recommend to be not concurred in, are
the following:
To strike out of the first section of the bill,
which is as follows:
" That all moneys which have been, or may hereafter be,
appropriated for the compensation of members and officers,
and for the contingent expenses of the Senate, shall be
paid out of the Treasury on requisition drawn by the Sec-
retary of the Senate, and shall be kept, disbursed, and ac-
counted for by him according to law; and the said Secre-
tary shall be deemed a disbursing officer, and shall be
allowed the sum of $1,01)0 per annum as a compensation,
over and above his salarv as Secretary of the Senate, for
the duties hereby imposed upon him,"
the words "and officers, and for the contingent
expenses."
To strike out of the first section the following
words:
" And shall be allowed the sum of $1,000 per annum, as
a compensation, over and above Ins salary a*  Secretary of
the Senate, for the duties hereby imposed upon him."
In the second section of the bill, which is as
follows:
ie Jlndbeit further enacted, That in Zieti of the bond now
requited l y law lo be given by the Secretary of the Senate,
he shall give bond to the United .State*, within ton days
after the passage of this act, with one or more sureties, to
be approved by the Comptrollers of the Treasury, in the
penal sum of $30,000, with condition of the faithful appli-
cation and disbursement, of such funds as mav be drawn
from the Treasury under this act, which bond shall be de-
posited in the Comptrollers' office ; and it shall be the duty
of each and every Secretary of the Senate who may here-
after be chosen, to give bond as aforesaid, within thiity
days after he enters upon thoduties of hisoffice, and before
making any requisition as aforesaid."
To insert the words " in addition Zo," in place
of the words " in lieu of."
In the second section, in the clause "to be ap-
proved by the Comptrollers of the Treasury,"
after the words " by the" to insert "first," so that
it shall make the bond to be given " to be approved
by the first Comptroller of the Treasury;" and
also to insert "first" before " Comptroller" where
it subsequently occurs.
The amendment which the committee propose
to substitute for the amendment of the House is
as follows:
Sec, 3. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That it shall be the
duty of the said Secretary of the Senate to deposit the
moneys aforesaid which may come into his hands with a
depository, who may be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, for other disbursing officers in the city of Wash-
ington ; and all payments on account of the pay or mileage
of members of the Senate, and all payments of their officers
and for the contingent expenses of the Senate, shall be by
drafts drawn by the Secretary on such depository.
And the amendment of the House, which the
committee recommend the Senate to concur in,
was to strike out the third section of the bill, which
is as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That the accounts of the
Secretary of the Senate, of his disbursements of moneys
on account of the contingent expenses of the Senate, when
passed by thp committee to audit and conirol such contin-
gent expenses, and certified to have been so passed by the
chairman of such committee, shall be deemed and held
conclusivc by all the officers of the Treasury Department."
The report of the committee was concurred in.
CAPTAIN GUNNISON.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to which was referred a
resolution in relation to the subject, to leport a
bill granting five years' half pay to the widow of
Captain Gunnison, which I am instructed to ask
the Senate to consider at this time.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of    Gunnison,
widow of Captain Gunnison, deceased, upon the
list of pensioners, and pay her for five years, from
January 1, 1854, half the pay to which her hus-
band was entitled at the time of his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. STUART. There is a blank which it is
necessary to fill, and with that view, and yet that
the bill may be acted upon at as early a date as.
possible, I move to postpone its further consider-
ation until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Let the bill be ordered
to be engrossed, and we can pass it to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. "Mrs. Gunnison, widow of
Captain Gunnison," will be definite enough in the
bill.
Mr. CASS. That will sufficiently distinguish
the person whom we propose to relieve. I do not
think the clerks in the Department would stop it,
though they stop almost anything.
Mr. STUART. I am willing that the bill should
pass; but I doubt whether it would, in such a
condition, pass through the Departments.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to which was referred the bill
from the House making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1855, to report it back with two
amendments. I ask that, by unanimous consent,
the bill may be considered at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. The amendments
of the committee were to insert at the end of the
bill the following:
" For repairs and additions to professors' quarters
$3,000.
For cavalry exercise hall, $30,000.''
Mr. IiUNTER. Both these items are in ac-
cordance with the estimates of the Secretary of
War. The other items of the bill are also accord-
ing to the estimate, in which these also were in-
cluded, but were not placed in the bill by the House
committee. The Committee on Finance propose
to restore them.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit the followingamend-
ment to be added at the end of the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pay and emoluments
of the sword-master shall' be the same as those of the first
lieutenant of cavalry.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the Senator that
I was about to offer an amendment from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, which will be some-
what more simple, embracing the professors of
drawing and French as well as the sword-master.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let it be read.
Mr. SHIELDS. The amendment which I pro-
pose will be to add the following as an additional
section:
Be it further enacted, That the compensation of the
professors of French and drawing be made equal to that of
professors of the other depaitinents, and the compensation
