1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Mr. SUMNEfl. I throw myself upon the
Dfta'^n'aft'imity of the Senate to make a brief state-
ment.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Louisiana has
the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN7. I am willing to yield it.
Mr. SUMNERl 1 do not desire 
Mr. TOOMBS. Does it require unanimous
consent to permit the Senator to proceed?
The PRESIDENT. In the opinion of the
Chair, it does.
'Mr. TOOMBS, Then if it does, 1 object.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Louisiana
was recognized, and has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. "Witl the Chair be kind enough
to state how the matter stands?
" The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Texas
objected to the reception of the paper, which has
been read. Thatis the question before the Senate.
A motion was also made by the Senator from
California, that the motion to refer thepetition lie
on the table. The other question is first before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from California
moved to lay the motion to refer upon the table.
Mr. CHASE. That was withdrawn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The motion of the Senator
from California was withdrawn, and after the
Senator from Delaware addressed the Chair, 1
was recognized as having the floor.
The PRESIDENT. That is true. The motion
was withdrawn, and the Senator from Louisiana
was entitled to the floor. The question now is
upon the reception of the paper objected to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And that is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Chair whether the
first question is not on the motion to refer the
memorial ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Texas
objects to the reception of one of the papers pre-
sented by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WELLER. That is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. Do i understand that that
paper cannot be received ?
The PRESIDENT. It is for the Senate to de-
cide whether it shall be received or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to press its
reception. I do desire to press the memorial.
The PRESDENT. The question, then, is on
the reference of the memorial.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the paper.
Mr. RUSK. Do I understand that the paper to
which I object is withdrawn?
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts withdraw it?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the reference of the memorial.
Mr. SUMNER. And now 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the right to the
floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have possession
of the floor. I desire to say but a few words.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will yield to the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. In the impatience of the Sen-
ate, I do not desire to follow the discursive address
to which we have listened from the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] or the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,J touching the various
points of law and of fact in this matter, which has
been so suddenly brought before us. My object is
simply to set myself right. That I can do. I
know, sir, that I can set myself right always.
In presenting this memorial, I performed a sim-
ple duty. I had also a pleasure in its perform-
ance. ft was a memorial from an eminent society
which has enjoyed much honor in this country,
and from which memorials have always been wel-
comed in Congress, from that early memorial
signed by Benjamin Franklin, down to the pres-
ent time. And it urged a prayer which I am
always glad of an opportunity to urge.
When I had the honor to receive the memorial
eome time ago from the eminent president of the
society, 1 wrote to him, acknowledging: its recep-
tion, and suggested to him that it would be im-
portant, in carrying out the desires of the society,
to accompany the memorial with such evidence as
they eould present in relation to the specific griev-
ance set forth in the memorial. In response to
that letter, I reaeived from Dr. Parrish, the presi-
dent, to whom i have referred several papers
which accompany the memorial; and also, sub-
sequently, a letter from a gentleman of Delaware,
personally unknown to me, and with whom I am
not aware that I had had &ny; previous commu-
nication. As the letter from Delaware'related to
this matter and contained what purported to be a
certificate of facts, regarded as important, 1 placed
it among other papers accompanying the memo-
rial; and, under these circumstances, I presented
them all to the Senate. If the letter contained
any expressions justly obnoxious to Congress or
disrespectful to this body, I did not-take note of
them at the time, .
Such, sir, is my simple explanation of these
facts; and now with regaid to one suggestion lhat
has fallen from the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Dawson,] that there are persons here who seek
to arouse odium against the South, or to create
excitement and ulceration of feeling there. I say
distinctly that I am not one of those persons, nor
do I believe that any such exist. Sir, I desire no
such thing. I desire justice simply; that is all.
I wish to see this Union, which binds us all to-
gether, a Union of peace and harmony, in fact
and in name; but, above all, let it be a Union,
where freedom is maintained by constitutional
laws. And permit me to say, that just so long as
an enactment continues on the statute-book, which
defies every sound principle of constitutional law,
and every axiom of free institutions, Senators
must expect that it will be met by the strongest
language of reprobation which can come from
honest hearts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to enter
into any geneial question of the constitutionality
of the fugitive slave law, or to excite any further
discussion on a topic which, in my estimation,
ought to be banished from the Halls of Congress;
but on several occasions, on this floor, when the
question has arisen in the Senate in relation to the
precise construction which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts places upon those articles of the Con-
stitution which are intended to secure to the South
the return of its property when it has escaped into
free States, the Senator has declared that his state-
ments, or his opinions, upon the subject have
Deen misrepresented. I have listened to him,
upon each occasion, with great interest, and i^can
assure him, with a sincere desire to ascertain his
precise views of the constitutional obligation on
that point; and I did determine, as no one else
had done it, that on the very fiist occasion on
which this question should be raised in the Sen-
ate I would endeavor to obtain some distinct
knowledge of his opinion.
Now, Mr. President, the Constitution of the
United States is composed of a very few articles.
There are but seven of them in all. The first
provides for the organization of the legislative
department of the Government; the second for
the executive; and the third for the judiciary.
The fourth treats of the relation of the States be-
tween themselves,and between themselves and the
General Government. Thefifth is confined to the
subject of amendments to the Constitution; the
sixth to a declaration of the general principle that
the laws of the United States are paramount to
those of the States; and the seventh to the ratifica-
tion of the Constitution itself. The fourth article,
which treats of the relations of the States between
themselves and of their relations to the General
Government, contains but four short sections.
The first provides that * 'full faith and credit shall
be given in each State to the public acts, records,
and judicial proceedings of every other State."
The second is divided into three paragraphs, the
first of which says, that " the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States." The second
paragraph says, that a " person charged in any
State with treason, felony, or other crime, who
shall flee from justice, and be found in another
State, shall, on demand of the Executive authority
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up,
to be removed to the State having jurisdiction of
thecrime."
The third paragraph says:
"No perton held to service or labor in one State, under
thp law* thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse
qnenceof any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be
due."
Now, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts on
several occasion's upon this floor hag denied the
obligation, as I understand him,under the Consti-
tution of the United States, to deliver up-fugitive
#Iaves from the free States to the owners in the
slave States. 1 understand that to be the extent
of his denial. I will respectfully ask the Senator
from Massachusetts to inform me if that is what
he asserts?
Mr. SUMNER. The manner of the Senator
from Louisiana is always so kind and so much in
conformity with the proprieties of debate, that I
shall have great pleasure in answering his ques-
tions; but I should prefer to wait until he gets
through.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I simply wish to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts whether he
acknowledges any obligation imposed by the Con-
stitution of the United States, for the return of
fugitive slaves from the free States to those by
whom they are held to service or labor m the
slave States. That is the only question which I
desire to propound to him before 1 proceed with
what I have to say.
Mr. SUMNER. And beforel answerthat ques-
tion, 1 desire to ask the Senator from Louisiana,
whether, under the clause of the Constitution of
the United States, which secures to the citizens of
every State the privileges and immunitiesof citi-
zens of the United States, a colored citizen of
Massachusetts can, without any crime, in South
Carolina or Louisiana, be seized and thrown into
prison,and then afterwards, on failure to pay cer-
tain alleged jail fees, be sold absolutely into sla-
very ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer that I think
that is entirely unconstitutional.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator says it is entirely unconstitutional. I will
then ask the Senator if he is ready in his place to
introduce an act of Congress to carry out that
provision of the Constitution, to secure to the col-
ored citizens of the North their rights in South
Carolina and Louisiana?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a very extraordi-
nary method of answering a question. I have
heard of the Yankee method of answering one
question by asking another; but this is answering
one by asking two. [Laughter.] It was not my
desire to enter into any polemical controversy
upon this subject with the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts; but, as 1 stated before, I put the
question with a sincere and earnest desire to as-
certain whether he and the gentleman with whom
he acts, or whose organ he is upon this floor, really
recognized any constitutional obligation on the
part of the free States, or on the part of Congress,
to provide for the return of a fugitive slave from
the free to the slave States? Whether that obli-
gation exists anywhere under the Constitution?
Or, in other words, whether this article of the
Constitution was intended to apply to slaves ?
Mr. SUMNER. Before answering the question
of the Senator, [laughter,] I should like to have
him deal by me as he desires me to deal by h:m.
I should like to have him tell me whether it is in
the power of Congress, under the clause of the
Constitution to which I have referred, and .which
is side by side with the other clause on " fugitives
from labor," to pass an act to secure to colored
citizens of the North, their rights in South Caro-
lina and Louisiana ? The Senator must answer
that question before he can confront this discus-
sion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My object is answered,
sir.
Mr. CLAY. Exactly; do not say another
word.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I imagine, sir, that there
is not a man in the country who will not now
thoroughly understand the object for which I put
the question. Tnat object is entirely answered. To
a plain, respectful inquiry put to the Senator from
Massachusetts, in relation to his understanding of
the provision of the Constitution, about which he
declared his sentiments upon this floor, and in re-
lation to which he has always said that his senti-
ments have been misconstrued, he has answered
by submitting to me a series of inquiries. 1 an-
swered the first, supposing that upon my answer-
ing that, he would then be willing to answer my
question. Instead of that I find myself put upon
the stand. I shall, therefore, decline further dis-
cussion.
