1854.
of tlie master of the sword be twelve hundred dollars per
annum.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the com-
pensation proposed by the amendment to the
sword-master is above what is proposed by the
Senator from Texas, which allowed him the same
. as a first lieutenant of cavalry.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is aboutthe same, accord-
ing to the present rate.
Mr. HUNTER. I would prefer the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas, because by the
amend ment of the Senator from Illinois, if the
pay of the first lieutenant of cavalry is increased,
the pay of the sword-master would go up with it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would not have the slight-
est objection to that amendment. This, however,
is recommended by the Board of Visitors, and it is
in conformity with their recommendation; and it
is what has been recommended for several ses-
sions past.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not aware that it was
the intention of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs to offer an amendment of this
character, which I thought was very necessary.
The pay which the sword-master receives at
present is totally inadequate for the duty which
he has to perform, and I offered my amendment
with a view to increase it. I am in favor of the
amendment offered by the Senator, and I shall
support it, and hence I withdraw the one which I
offered.
Mr. Shield's amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendments were concurred in, the
bill was ordered to be read a third time;/vas read
a third time, and passed.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•d time;/va
,v
PAPAL NUNCIO
Mr. CASS. I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to communicate to the Senate, so far as he may
<ieetrx u compatible with the public inteiest, a copy of arty
correspondence which may have taken place with the Gov-
ernment of the Papal States touching a mission to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. President, as that is a mere resolution of
inquiry, I suppose there cannot be any objection
to considering it at this time.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to say a
few words explanatory of the reason for the intro-
duction of this resolution. The Senate is aware
that a distinguished foreigner from the Roman
States arrived in our country some time since, and
that he has been visiting different portions of it.
ft is reported, and I believe correctly, that he is
clothed with some mission, giving him a public
character in this country. I understand he m the
Nuncio to Brazil, and that he has been instructed
to stop in the United States, and to bear an auto-
graph letter, as it is called, from the Pope to the
President of the United States. It is a common
procedure in Europe, and it is intended as a com-
pliment and a mark of good feeling towards the
people of the United States. There is nothing in
the arrival of this agent, whatever maybe the char-
acter of his duties, which should give alarm to the
most jealous sectarian. He does not come in any
sacerdotal character, as the representative of the
Sovereign Pontiff, the head of the Catholic religion,
but he comes as the representative of a temporal
Prince, ruling overaconsiderable portion of Italy,
and especially of that portion of it endeared to us
bv many a glorious recollection, where large num-
bers of our countrymen are always residing, need-
ing the protection of the Government, and with
which we have important commercial intercourse.
I understand, sir, that the proceedings which led
to tins mission were conducted in the most un-
exceptionable mariner. The American Charge at j
Rome was sent for by the Cardinal Secretary of
State, and the intention was made known to him,
and he was asked whether hethoughtthe measure
would be acceptable to the people of the United
States. He answered, as he ought, that he had
no doubt that the representative would be kindly
received, and hospitably treated m our country,
and that the step would be received, as it was in-
tended, as complimentary to the people of the Uni-
ted States. And t do hope, sir, that the pledge
thus given will be as sacredly redeemed as is now
in our power. The Pope has given evidence of
kind personal feelings towards the people of this
country which entitles him to speciahegard. He
223
is among the very feto sovereigns of Europe who
have contributed towards the monument now
being constructed in this city to the memory of
Washington. He has sent a block of marble, hal-
lowed by its association with the relics of the Em-
pire Republic, to make part of our national testi-
monial to one whom to honor is to honor our
country and human nature.
Now, sir, I have read with shame and regret
the accounts given in the papers of the outrages
attempted against the distinguished individual,
who has come here under the circumstances men-
tioned. ^No American can contemplate them
without indignation. Besides the scenes at Cin-
cinnati, it is reported, upon apparently good
authority, that three balls were fired through the
windows of the house of the Archbishop of Bal-
timore, perhaps on Friday evening last, under the
impression thai this gentleman was in the room;
and this morning's mail from New York has
brought us the information that when the Baltic
sailed, a day or two since, he was thought to have
been on boaid, and a large crowd of persons as-
sembled at the wharf with hostile demonstrations,
and with an apparent intention to do him injury.
And I was shown, an hour or two since, a placard
which had been stuck up in various places in
Wheeling, using the most inflammatory terms,
and invoking public violence upon this stranger,
who is commended to us by his character and
position. I have inquired of a near and dear
relative now in Rome, who, from his situation,
must know,as well as anyman, the estimation in
which this Archbishop is held in his own country,
and he told me he was a man of the highest char-
acter and standing, who had satisfactorily filled
many important stations, and whose public and
private life was without blot or blemish.
Sir, these outrages violate equally the rights of
hospitality, the honor of the country, the su-
premacy of the municipal law, and the guarantees
of the law of nations. Mr. President, these acts
of violence which override the laws, and which
too often pass away unpunished, do more injury
to the cause of republican institutions in the old
world, than any other event, than all other events,
indeed, connected with our history and progress.
They are circulated with celerity and zeal from
the western shore of England to Siberia, and are
thus spread over Europe as proofs of the inca-
pacity of Republican Governments to protect the
lives, persons, and property of their citizens. Our
good reputation, upon this subject is essential to
the progress of free principles.
I understand, sir, that that atrocious tragedy
which terminated in the death of Hugo Bassa, at
Bologna, has been charged to this gentleman, and
has produced the excitement which has led to
these acts of lawless violence. I do not wonder
that a deed like that has aroused deep feelings of
indignation in. this country. I can appreciate that
feeling fully. It has been called an execution, but
I call it a.murder, and a foul, cold-blooded one.
But L believe the distinguished gentleman to whom
I have alluded, had no more to do with it than
you or I had, Mr. President. He was indeed the
civil Governor of P ologna at the time, but totally
destitute of any power or authority. The Aus-
trian forces had taken possession of the city, and
their commander had proclaimed military law,
which, as we all know, prostrates all other au-
thority whatever. The unfortunate Bassa was
seized, tried, condemned, and executed, while the
hour-glass was yet counting its sixty minutes, and
by an Austrian military tribunal. I do hope, in the
ways of Providence, that this dped, deserving uni-
versal execration, will yet call down upon its per-
petrators a just and fearful responsibility. Why,
sir, all who know the Austrian predisposition to
revenge, under such circumstances of popular ef-
forts for the recovery of freedom, well know they
need no prompter to deeds of blood, and admit
, no protector between their victim and their ven-
| geance.
I repeat, sir, there is no palliative for the con-
! duct which has been manifested towards this gen-
! tleman, and 1, for one, desire to call the attention
! of the Senate to it, in the hope, also, that it will
1 attract the attention of the country. If the sub-
1 ject of these remarks is here in a diplomatic ca-
■ pacity, he is under the protection of the laws and
, Constitution of the United States, and we have a
ri^ht to know how those laws have been executed
! or violated, in order that we may apply the neces-
sary legislative remedy. That is our right and
our duty; and the resolution of inquiry is there-
fore within the legitimate scope of our authorities.
But, after all, the best safeguard and security in
cases, of violent excitement is to be found in a
wholesome public' opinion. Like truth, it is
mighty, and will prevail in this land of freedom
and intelligence. Thanks to the good sense and
good feeling of the people, time is sure to bring a
corrective for any erroneous impressions "which
may prevail; Apprehension is felt lest violence
should yet be offered to this guest of the nation.
I trust not. I trust his exit from our country will
be marked with the peaceful respect which is due
to the sovereign he represents, and to the mission,
originating in kindest feelings, upon which he was
sent. And I cannot but express my fervent hope
that all good citizens, wherever he may pass, will
unite to prevent such disgraceful proceedings, and
to assert the majesty and the supremacy of the
law. It is better to prevent than to punish; and
there are few improper public acts which cannot
be prevented in this country by an energetic dis-
play of public opinion.
Mr. MASON. I have heard, with very great
satisfaction, the expression of sentimept which
has fallen from the distinguished and venerable
Senator from the State of Michigan. If there is
anything of which the American people should be
proud, it is that they have a Government of law,
as distinguished from a Government of force; and
if there is any duty which every citizen owes to
his country superior to any other, it is to take
care that public sentiment everywhere should be
in submission. Sir, I have seen, not only with
concern, but with indignation, through the press,
that this gentleman, be he whom he may, has
been met, in some of the cities where he has vis-
ited, with insult and violence, threatening, as I
understand, his life. I do not know what his
mission is. I am glad, however, that the Senator
has introduced the resolution, in order that we
may know whether he comes here in any accred-
ited form; because, if he is here as q guest of the
nation, he is entitled to the safeguard of the nation
within its broad limits. If he is not here in any •
character to be accredited as the guest of the
nation, then, although the protection of the Gov-
ernment cannot be extended to him, possibly the
sentiments that may be expressed on this floor by
the representatives of the States, may lead the
turbulent and violent men who have been at fault
to know that they are under a Government of
law, and that if the arm of the civil authority
either wants energy or is paralyzed, means may
be taken to lead to its exertion.
It is said that this gentleman comes from the
Papal States. The honorable Senator has some
reason to believe he is here, in some sense, as a
guest of the nation. Be this as it may, he is a for-
eigner, and I trust the American people never yet
have responded to the condition in which Rome
once stood when her people had but one word to
express stranger and enemy. Sir, the fact that he
is a stranger and a foreigner entitles him to the
respect, the consideration, the courtesy, and the
protection of every man in this land, until he
ceases to deserve it; and if, in any way, he has
made himself censurable by conduct abroad—
which I learn from the honorable Senator from
Michigan is a calumny upon him—he is amenable
to the authorities abroad, and to noneheie. I
have seen, as I have said, with deep concern, the
manifestations of popular sentiment, I know not
from what description of people, evinced towards
this man, whp, whether he be in any form here as
a guest of the nation or not, is a stranger in a
strange#and, with whom the protection of the law
should always go. I trust it will be extended to
him; and if the fact shall turn out to be that he is
entitled, because of his political relation to this
country—for it is his political relation alone which
we can recognize—to the safeguard of the country,
I will go as far as any man in seeing that it is ex-
tended to him.
Mr. BUTLER. This subject was brought to
my-attention this morning by a friend. f confess
that I was not surprised at hearing the details of
the outrage which has been offered to the gentle-
mas whose name has not been mentioned here,
but who has been sufficiently indicated. I wish
distinctly, as a Senator of the United States, to
say upon this floor, if my voice may have any
influence abroad, that I am satisfied that conduct
