224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23.
of this kind has proceeded entirely from an
irresponsible multitude, and that it does not have
the sanction of the public opinion, or even the
popular opinion of the American people. These
are exhibitions offensive, not only to national
comity .and hospitality, but tftey are disgraceful
to the spirit of the age, and they offend the Very
spirit of that religion which is taught both to the
Catholic and to the Protestant. And, ^ir, shall we
■violate that interrogatory propounded in our sacred
volume, " Doth our law judge any man before
it hear him and know what he doeth?" No, sir;
let us not sanction anything of this kind. I am
glad it is condemned by so high an authority as
my friends who have spoken on the subject, and
I join heartily in the censure of the disgusting
insults offered to this gentleman in Baltimore,
New York, and, I believe, Cincinnati.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President: It is merely
for the expression of my individual opinion that
I rise. I have noticed, in the public prints, the
. treatment that this individual has received through-
out several of the States of this Union. I have
endeavored to ascertain the principle on which
that feeling arose. It is said, by the Senator from
Michigap, that he is the representative of the
Papal States; that he is a distinguished and
worthy man. I care not whether he be the rep-
resentative of the religion of his country, or
whether he is here in the character of the repre-
sentative of a political Power, on his way as Min-
ister to Rio Janeiro or not, the national hospitality
of this country has been stabbed. A stranger, a
distinguished stranger,, has been most unkindly
and inhospitably treated, and the most unfortu-
nate incident connected with it is, that there, has
been no feeling in the parts of the country where
-the disturbances arose to put them down. It
seems as if the laws of the land, in certain sections
of the country, are to be overrun by violence
and combinations of individuals to defeat them;
and, strange to tell, these combinations and con-
spiracies against the law are not punished any-
where. The liberty of the country is becoming
so great that men can rise up in thousands,
* and women unite with them, to put down the
existing institutions, and to cower the men who
may come before them, or who may be the
object of their displeasure. What is the origin
of all this? It is the failure to enforce the Con-
stitution and the laws of the country, and the
neglect on the part of the people to keep that due
subordination to law which every country must
regard before its honor can be sustained ahroad.
But, sir, this goes to the world, the civilized world,
as the hospitality of the American States; and the
American character is injured by this course of
conduct. But when we come to strip it of its cov-
ering—and I take this occasion to say it to the
world—we find that it is not the American char-
acter that has been guilty of these violations. It
is not the native citizens of the United States who
have perpetrated these outrages upon a quiet
stranger. In every instance, if the papers tell the
truth, it has been the foreign influence of the coun-
try that has been attempting to bring into degra-
dation the Constitution and the laws of the land;
and from political, or other considerations, this
influence is allowed to injure our country in its
character abroad from the apprehension of incur-
ring the displeasure of the foreign people or citi-
zens among us. It is time to tell the truth, and
not be yielding to this kind of influence-
Take the outrages from Cincinnati around to
Baltimore, and I have heard of no American name,
a native of this country, of character, connected
with the transactions. Why, then, should gen-
tlemen be so timid, or so fearful to egress an
opinion and say that this is not American feeling,
or American hospitality ? It is a violation of
American hospitality by a foreign influence with-
in our limits; and I, for one, shall never hesitate,
or fear the consequences, politically or otherwise,
of denouncing such conduct as inconsistent with
the character of our country, and with our hospi-
tality.
I feel it is an obligation upon every Senator on
this floor to rescue his own State from that which
is so well calculated to damn its reputation. Sir,
I hesitate not to say that this gentleman could
have passed through the State thdt I have the
honor in part to represent without being subjected
to one single act of outrage; and if such an act
had been attempted by any part or portion of our
people, the hospitable feeling of the rest of the
people of the State would have prevented it.
Mr. BADGER. You can make the same re-
mark of the whole southern country.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir, I can say it for all
the southern States.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It has happened in
Maryland.
Mr. DAWSON. It has not happened in the
southern States strictly. These things are not
properly attended to. All sorts of isms, all sorts
of feelings are combining themselves together, not
in subordination to law, but in subordination to
feeling; and they are rising up everywhere and
breeding social disorder and discontent throughout
every section of the country; and unless firmness
characterizes the representatives of the people in
Congress, the period will come when the people
will combine and do as they please; and these in-
surrectionary movements of all kinds will be car-
ried on almost anywhere and everywhere. How
is it to be avoided? The honorable Senator from
Michigan calls for information, and intends to say
that in the event that the laws of the country are
insufficient to put down this insubordination of
conduct, we will amend the laws.
Why, Mr. President, there is not a State in this
Union where, if the laws were enforced against
persons who thus combine to commit outrages,
the laws are not sufficient to put them down, not
one. It is the looking out for the elections—the
disposition to carry the feelings of a certain class
of the community with the politicians or with the \
party that yields to this influence that is much to
blame for them; and that is growing daily.
But, sir, I did not intend to say as much as I
have said. I only rose to say, in conformity to
the request of the Senator from Michigan, that as
a Senator in Congress from the State of Georgia,
I look upon these outrages with great regret, and
also to add that they could not happen in ihe State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent here.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator
from Georgia should, in his condemnation of these
transactions, have said that they could not have
occurred in a particular State, or a particular sec-
tion of the Union. 1 have no idea that they could
have happened with the sanction or the approba-
tion, or even the tolerance of any State in this
Union. I believe, sir, that there is not a right-
minded man m this country who does not feel
humbled as an American citizen, that such acts of
violence should have occurred anywhere in our
country. There certainly can be but one opinion,
and but one sentiment on this subject, North or
South, East or West.
It may be, sir, that the greatest violence has
occurred in particular localities, and this tends to
fix a higher disgrace upon those immediate locali-
ties than upon the whole country; yet we all par-
ticipate in the disrepute that is brought upon the
country by it. I apprehend, too, tliat it cannot be
said that owe section or another section of the
country ia entirely exempt or alone guilty. I
regret to say that it has occurred in the great
West, which I believe is as loyal to the Constitu-
tion and laws as anypart of the Union. I regret
to say that it has occurred in the southern States,
within a few miles of this Capitol, and therefoie
we cannot say that either the one section or the
other is entirely exempt. Nor am I willing it
should be inferred that either the one section or
the other approve of, or acquiesce in, such con-
duct.
I am at a loss at this time, not having expected
the question to come up, to say what we ought to
do; but I believe I hazard nothing in saying that
there is not a man in this body who does not feel
humbled and indignant that such transactions
should have occuired, to bring disgrace upon the
country in the eyes of the whole world. We all
feel the humiliation, and I trust we are willing to
perform whatever duty belongs to us in arresting
it. so far as our power extends.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President, this subject
comes before the Senate without any previous
knowledge on my part. The distinguished Sen-
ator from Michigan a few moments ago mentioned
to me his purpose of offering a resolution to the
Senate, and did me the honor to express the wish
that 1 should say what might occur to me on the
subject. I do it cheerfully; and I am the rather
induced to do so from the somewhat sectional
aspect which my excellent friend from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] has given to it; without, however,
intending, I am sure, to do injustice to any other
part of the country. I agree with the Senator from
Illinois, who has just taken his seat, in believing
that the feeling on this subject, spontaneously
arising in every well-regulated mind, is not bounded
by any sectional lines—that it does not exist more
in one part of the country than another.
The Senator from Georgia says that this gen-
tleman could pass with safety through his State;
and the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Bad-
ger] adds to it the suggestion, throughout the
whole southern country, without the slightest out-
rage or mark of disrespect. I have not the least
doubt of it, sir; but with respect to my own sec-
tion of country, I can say that he has already been
there. I have had the pleasure of making his
personal acquaintance; I have met him in the most
respectable circles in that part of the country, and
I have seen him universally considered and treated
as entitled to every mark of respect and hospi-
tality which can be shown to a distinguished stran-
ger.
Sir, he comes to us in the highest character
which a man can wear in a civilized community.
He comes to us under the shield of the law of na-
tions. He is clothed with a diplomatic character,
not indeed accredited to this country, but to an-
other foreign country with which we are at peace.
He bears with him, as I understand, an autograph
letter from the chief of his own Government—a
Government with which we have friendly rela-
tions, and at whose Court we are represented by
a relative of the distinguished Senator from Mich-
igan. He comes to us, sir, in a still higher ca-
pacity, under a still stronger protection—that of
the strangtajlhat of the inoffensive traveler, that
of the sojoWtier, who demeans himself peaceably
among us, obeying our laws, and trusting to be
protected by them. Sir, it is not necessary, surely,
to add further titles of respect. If it were, I might
say that he is an object of respect—perhaps I may
even say veneration—to the great religious com-
munion to which he belongs, and which, in this
country, where we have no religious establish-
ments, stands in the eye of the law upon an equal
footing with every other communion, and every
other form of our common Christian belief.
Well now, sir, I know nothing of the antece-
dents of this gentleman. I am willing to take
them from the testimony of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, who tells us that his relative, the
accredited representative of this Government to
the Government of which this gentleman is a
diplomatic representative, speaks of him in the
highest terms as a good citizen, and as a person
justly enjoying the confidence of his Government.
What more, sir, prima facie, can we want or
can we ask ? And surely we all know that since
he has been in this country, he has neither uttered
a word nor done an act that affords the color of a
justification—rather than let me say of provoca-
tion—for the unmanly assaults of which he has
been the object.
Now, I must say that if it were a question of
legislation, no new enactments can be necessary
to secure to such an individual the protection o'f
our laws. Sir, if public sentiment cannot do it,
no foim of legislation can do it; and I will not
think so meanly of the public sentiment of this
country as to believe that any further legal provis-
ion is requisite to extend the protection of the
common laws, which secure the rights of every
individual, to a stranger and foreigner of this
character, coming among us under these circum-
stances. Why, sir, if this is not the state of
things in this country, every individual concerned
in these acts of lawless outrage, or affording them
countenance and encouragement, is himself guilty
of an offense against the fundamental principles
of civilized society, more dangerous in its conse-
quences than is charged—I believe most unjustly,
and without foundation—upon this gentleman,
whose character has now in some degree como be-
fore the Senate. If we cannot strengthen public
sentiment to the point of affording protection to a
person of this character in this country, we should
make ourselves worse citizens than this stranger
is repiesented to be, most unjustly, as I believe,
on the authority which has been given to us.
I therefore rejoice that an opportunity has been
afforded in this Senate to do whatever can be done
by the expression of opinion on all sides of the
House, to strengthen the arm of the law, by
