1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
July 19,
establishment exists, is for the Government to pay
a part, and the people a pm't. A!! are benefited.
And the present system substantially effects that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for "the previous
question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put, being
first upon the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr.. PECK. 1 demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The"yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Dickinson's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
ye^s 74, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Belcher, Benson, Bnsjg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cm-win, Cox, Crocker,
Cullom, Cintih, Thomas Davis, I)aw>on, Dick, Diekin
son, Eastman, Edmunds, Thorns I). Eliot, Kveihart,
Farlyy, Floifmee, Giddtngs, Goodrich, Grow. Aaron H.tr-
lan, Hairisori, Haven, Hughes Uurn, In«ei>olI, J Gliuiey
Joriea, KittrediM', Knox."McCulloch, Mace, Matte-on,
Maurice, illidrlleswarrh, Morgan, Mmra>, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Pnckham, Bishop PtrKins,
Pratt, Prirtgle, David Riu-hie Robbing, Russell, Sahm,
Sapp, Simmons, ^elion, Genu  Snuli, Sulli'i-, Ruhaul
H. Stanton, John L. Taylor, N.itii.iuiel G. Taylor, Trp
ham, Vail, Wade, Wallev, WaNh. Ellilm B. Wnshbinne,
Israel Washburn, John Wemworih, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler. WiHe, Hendnck 13. VVujjht, and ZnlluoftVr—T4.
NAYS—YIessrs. Willis AlU-n, Ashe, Barfed ,|e, Bliss,
Boyee, Budges, Cariither*, Oha tain. Chnsman, Clailc,
Cobb, Colquitt, John G Davis, Dent, Dowdetl, Dunham,
Edgtrton, Edmund^on, Faulkner, Franklin, Gn< de, Gr«>Hi -
wood, Sampson \Y. Hams, Hasting, llendnek^, Flenn,
Hill, Houston, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Roland Jones,
Kent, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Lillv, Dind^lev, M< Dnuuall,
McMnihn MeNair, Mcflm-cn, Maey, Maxwell, John G.'
Miller, Millson, Moinson, Nichols Noble, Olds. Orr,
Packer, John Perkins* Phelps, Poweii, Puryear, Ready.
Reose, Rowe, Seward, Shaw. William fc*innh, William
R. Smith, George W. Snivih, Hestor L. c?lev«ns, cJtraLton,
Trout, and Daniel B. Wright—(>7.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table he recon-
sidered, and that that motion he laid upon the
table.
Mr, CLINGMA^V. I demand the yeas and
nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Its it in oider to move that
the House now resolve itcelf into the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then J submit thatmotion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his motion until we can dispose of the
business now upon the Speaker's table. There
are some b'Ns there which ought to be referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House resolves to £o
to the business on toe .Sneakei s table, the bill
which was yesterday postponed until action wns
had ontheAimy hill, which is now tinder consid-
eration m the Committee of the Whole, will come
up iiist in order, and will have to be again post-
poned.
Mr. McMTJLLIN. We can informally pass
that bill, and go to the other business upon the
Speaker's table. It should be disposed of in one
way or the other.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must decline to withdraw
my motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand tellers on
the motion.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Wheeler
and Robbjks were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 59.
So the motion was agreed to.  
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itcel^ into the
Committee 'of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
44 making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30-h June, 1655 "
The following paragraph having been reported
by the Clerk:
"Forrepujrs find improvement* and new machinery at
Harpei 'j? F«. :ry, O.^UU''—
Mr. FAULKNER said: I was about offering
an amendment to that paragraph when the com-
mittee rose yesterday, i now move to reduce that
appropriation from $39,200 to $35,100.
The explanation of this reduction I can briefly
state to the committee. There are three items em- ;
braced in.the estimate, one of §1,300, one of j
§1,000, and one of $1,800, in respect to which it is j
ascertained that the improvements contemplated
havealready been madethere; and,therefore, there 1
is no necessity for any further appropriation for
them. While I make this statement, I deem it
due to the superintendent at Harper's Ferry, and
aiso to the Secretary of War, who presented the
estimates to the House, to state that in document
No. 1, pages 276-7, there is conclusive evidence
to show that there was no intention to practice any
deception whatever on Congress; because the fact
ia set forth in that document, that these improve-
ments had already been finished. And, therefore,
in point of fact, this estimate can be regarded in
no other light than an act of mere carelessness
and inattention on the part of those who made H
out at Harper's Ferry. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation to $35,100.
[Cries of " (Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. DICKINSON. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Virginia whether these estimates
embrace any expenditures which have already
been made there?
Mr. FAULKNER. I have already stated to
the committee, that they embrace three items of
expenditure, where the work referred to has
already been done and paid for. And while I state
this fact, 1 deem it also proper to state, in justice
to those who made these erroneous estimates, that
they had themselves furnished, in document No.
1, page 276, evidence of the fact, that these fan-
mates embraced improvements which had already
b<,en executed and paid fur. So that it can be re-
garded in no other light than as a matter of mere
carelessness and inattention, and should not reflect
upon the fairness, honesty, or honor of those who
mad® them.
Mr. DlClvlNSON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if he is satisfied, from his own knowledge,
that this application tor this money upon the esti-
mates is proper to be made, and such us the
House ought to vote for?
Mi. FAULKNER. I am satisfied in reference
to all the estimates which 1 have not moved to
strike out, that the appropuations should be made,
and those which I have asked to be stricken out,
are estimates for works which have already been
executed and paid for.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am opposed to the
amendment, and my object,as the House will see,
m asking these questions, was to allow the gentle-
man to put himself upon the record, with reteience ,
to these appropriations. He has signed a report I
which shows to this House, or states to this ;
House, that great misappropriations have been i
made of the money appropriated for the Harper's
Ferry armory; and,m consequence of that and 1
similar statements, the House has been induced to !
vote that a change should be mode mfhesuper-
mtendency of that work, as wellasin other works.
Now, sir,if appropriations are asked form this
bill which can be dispensed with properly, and
there is to be a change of the power winch is to
administer the Government there, it is but due to
the incoming administration to allow it to make
us own estimates, and its demands for such ap-
propriations ay m its judgment are wise and eco-
nomical, and called for by a just regard for the
inteiest of the Government in the manufacture of
arms.
Mr. PAtJLKNER. Will the gentleman allow
me to make one single remark ; it is this: I am
asking that these three items may be stricken out,
after a full interview upon the subject with the Sec-
retai y of War, and with the knowledge of the head
of the Ordnance Bureau. The explanation in refer-
ence to this matter wi'l be found m Document No.
1, page 276, and I never saw or heard of ir, until
yesterday, for if I had, it should have been
brought to the attention of the select committee.
In this i repair the wrong done to them in the re-
port of the majority. My purpose is justice, so
far as it can be obtained.
Mr. PECK HAM. Is it in order to move an
amendment at this time to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN, his.
Mr. PEOKHAM. Then I move to reduce the
appropriation in line one hundred and twenty-
one 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Thatparfc
of the bill is already passed.
Mr, PEOKHAM. Is it irrevocably passed?
The^CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then \ move to amend by
providing that no part of the money, except
$40,000, shall be appropriated until six months
hereafter. I suppose that amendment is m order.
I wish to reduce the $200,000 appropriation to
$40,000, for the manufacture of arms. Is that
amendment in order?
Thp CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move the following
amendment:
And the moneys derived from tho recent sale of lots at
Harper'a Ferry, are ahn herehy appropuated. uiuI t the
direction of the Secretary of War, lor the purpose of im-
proving: the'property retained by the United St, uesat that
place, who is also authorized lo apply the remaining in-
stallments, as thev become due, to the same object; and
the Secretary of War is directed to make a repoit to ('ori-
gressj exhibiting, in detail, the apphcaimn made by him of
tliu said pioceed*- of sale t«> the improvement of the Gov-
ernment property at that place.
Mr. FAULKNER said: The object of this
amendment is to authorize the Secretary of War
to make application of the proceeds of the sales of
lots which has recently taken place at Harper's
Ferry to the improvement of the Government
works at Harper's Ferry. Itappears from a state-
ment which 1 hold in my hands from the Major
of Ordnance, dated the 18th of May, that " the
amount, up to the 31«tof March, deposited in the
Treasury on account of the sale of public lands
at this aimory, is about $27,692 31; the amount
m the hands of paymaster, nnd not yet deposited
$2,100—there remaining yet to be paid by the
purchasers the sum of about $28,854 52, which,
together with the sales of unreserved ground au-
thorized ultimately to be made by the report of
the board of officers, will amount to at least the
sum of $90 800—not less/' That is the amount
arising trom the sale of lots at Harper's Ferry.
I propose by that amendment that, inasmuch a^ a
new arsenal is required there, and other improve-
ments of the public works are required, that the
Secretary of War shall be authorized to make
application of the sale of this Government prop-
erty for the improvement of the Government
works there, in such manner as, in his discretion
and judgment, may seem best for the public in-
terest. This was recommended by the Sectetary
of War, and is among the estimates laid before
Congiess. I will further add, that u similar pro-
vision passed the Senate at. the last se.ssion of Con-
gress, but was not acted upon favorably in this
House. It strikes me that the application, in every
point of view, will be just ami proper. It ia
money arising from the sale of Government prop-
erty.
The amount expended at Harper's Ferry is far
short of what has been expended at Springfield
in Massachusetts, for machinery and improve-
ments. Tiiey aie boasting of their superiority
over us in the manufacture of arms, and are
making it a matter for exultation that they are able
to manufacture the musket one dollar and twenty-
five cent  cheaper than we can. That is owing
to the fact that the Government has expended a
; larger amount of money at Sptingfield, m per-
! fecung the machinery and affording other facili-
; ties, of which we have not the benefit. 1 ask,
. theiefore, that this fund, not coming directly out
I of the public Treasury, but from the very spot
1 where it is proposed to be expended, shall be ap-
plied, under the direction of the Secretary of War,
to the erection of suitable buildings, and the pur-
chase of such machinery as will put the armory
at Harper's Ferry on an equality with its rival at
the North. Can ?my friend oppose that? Is he
inclined to see us taunted with inferiority in the
manufacture of arms, when the superiority of the
Springfield armory results alone from the greater
expenditure made there by the Government? We
have ample water-power and everything to com-
pete with the Springfield armory, had we at Har-
per's Ferry the same conveniences of buildings
and machinery which they at the North enjoy. 1
regret, that the five-minute rule does not enable
me to explain the justice of this proposition more
in detail; but I am satisfied, if! had the opportu-
nity of doing so, the committee would look with
favor.upon my amendment* When the War De-
