1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795"
partmentdetermmed upon a sale of the vacant lots
at Harper's Ferry 
[Here (he hammer fell.]
jMr. CRAIGE. This seems to me to be one of
the most extraordinary moves for the expenditure
of the pubhc money that I have ever seen or heard
of; but it is not more extraordinary than that (he
amendment should proceed from the source whence
it does, and be supported by the argument with
which it is. {thought die other day, when we
were discussing the question of the superintend-
eney of the national armories, that the great argu-
ment against the military system, and by which
they endeavored to break it down, was, that under
that system the expendituies were more extrava-
gant than under the civil system, because of the
larger appropriations for officers' quarters, &c.
But is it possible, Mr. Chairman, that this com-
mittee will sanction the principle laid down by the
gentlemen on the other side, that this money does I
not come out of the public Treasury? By parity I
•of reasoning, New York should receive all the |
money collected at that ciiy as duties over and •
aoove expenses. The same with Philadelphia. 1
The pubhc money, wherever collected, I appre- i
hend, is taken from the people, and goes into the i
pubhc Treasury. Therefore, I cannot see any j
force in the gentleman's argument, (hat, because J
the Government receives money from the sale of 1
public property at Harper's Ferry, that money |
should be appropriated to that place. i
I am satisfied of one thing;, and that is, that the 1
gentlemen who yesterday, or tiie day before, were 1
so earnest in opposition to the extravagant expend- !
jtures at these armories, are not as earnest now.
Circumstances, in other words, site** cases. When
endeavoring to break down the military system
the expenditures were too extravagant, and by
the use of such arguments 'hey succeeded in what
they proposed. Now that Harper's Ferry is to
be benefited, these appropriations are all ri^ht,
indeed, we have one of those extraordinary exhi-
bitions which I always regret to see.
Mr. FAULKNER, I am sure that the gentle-
man would nor speak as he does if he had heard
my remarks made yesterday. I expressly dis-
claimed then making any assault on the military
system because of theexnenditures, either at Har-
per's Ferry or Springfield.
Mr. CRAIGE. Very well. But 1 was going
on to say that i was more surprised still at the
other argument made by the gentleman, that this
appiopnatuus should be gmnted because it v/as
for the South. I am asked as a southern man to
vote for the appropriation. 1 have always been
opposed to these sectional appeals. They are
made now on ad occasions. We cannot* have a
miserable appropnation for $10,000 before us
without being asked, either as noithern or south-
ern men, to give it our support. The gentleman
should recollect the noble sentiment of one for
whom he professes to have a great reverence, at
least in as small a matter as this, to know no
North, no South, no East, no West. If theieare
any further reasons to be assigned for voting the
amendment, I should like to hear them; but until
i hear something more convincing than 1 have
yet heard, I shall vote against it.
Mr. KEITT. I desire to ask the Chair if an
amendment is in order at this time?
TheCHAlRMAN. Anamendment is in order.
Mr. KEITT. Then 4 move to strike out the
words " Secretary of War," and substitute the
following: " under the management of the super-
intendent, who shall be a practical mechanic, and |
shall not have held political office." ]
It is scarcely necessary for me to say, Mr. j
Chairman, that I have entire confidence in the !
Secretary of War. His exploits in the field have !
illumined our banner, and his wisdom m Iegisla- :
lion has benefited the whole country. Then I !
cannot be supposed to refer to h<m. I offer the !
amendment as pertinent to the action of the com- '
mittee upon that portion of the bill now under >
consideration, which relates to the management of 1
the armories. Sir, I waa for giving the widest '
range to the Administration in the selection of!
suitable persons to manage these institutions. I •
was opposed fo any invidious discrimination he- !
tween the various nursiutsof the country. I was !
opposed to the recognition of classes as hostile to I
the theory of our Government. These are works ■
common to all the country, and are supported by j
taxes paid by every section mte the Treasury, and I
my constituents are interested in their profitable
and economical management. I shall not tax my
constituents to quarter the constituents of any
one upon funds thus levied.
But, sir, the committee h?\ve acted upon this
matter, and let us see its action. The armories
were put by law under the Ordnance Department,
and the President was authorized to select the
most suitable person to manage them. The com-
mittee have i*estrietcd his discretion, and limited
him to a choice among " civilians," as they aie
termed. Why this change? Mr. Bkm., of Ten-
nessee, in 1841, when Secretary of War,appoint-
ed a member of the Ordnance Corps to these
armories, from a desire, he said, in his testimony
before us, to rescue these works from partisan
favoritism.
Now, sir, I ask if this Democratic Congress,
with eighty majority, and with the prestige of
unpaialleled success throughout the country, has
been reduced to the " lean and slippered condition"
of throwing the armories back again into the fur-
nace of party ? But, sir, gentlemen who were un-
sparingly zealous for the change, urged that the
great mechanical interest of the Government had
a right to these offices. Sir, I recognize no man's
rig lit to any office; but these gentlemen zealously
uiged such right.
The cry was, 44 working mechanics should be
put at the head of these armories." Sir, I believed
that this cry was only fur effect—now i intend to
j test it. I believed (hat politicians were to be put
i into these superintendences as a reward for par-
tisan services, and not mechanics, as a tribute to
American genius and skili. In this contest be-
j tween the politician and the mechanic, I am in
: favor of the mechanic, and 1 want to test the sin-
] cerity of this clamor for the mechanical interest,
j Sir, one would think, from the impetuous profes-
sions here of favor for the mechanics as a class,
that the " Know-Nothings " had terrified the De-
mocracy ftom the embraces of the foreigners, and
that, in their alarm, they are convulsively huggrng
the mechanics. Now, sir, I do not want a time-
serving embrace; I want a manly and honest one.
1 want the committee to support the mechanic
against the politician, and not use the mechanic
meieiy to promote the interest of the politician.
I am opposed, as I said before, fo any invidious
discriminations among our citizens; but if gentle-
men are determined to make them, I desire that
they be made sincerely and faithfully. If they
must be made, I prefer the mechanic to the poli-
tician, and I hold gentlemen to that distinction,
when they have made it, as the least dangerous.
Sir, J do not want a jaded, arid broken-down, and
spavined politician in theae offices. My constitu-
ents pay a portion of the taxes, and I want to
quarter no politician upon their earnings.
Sir, I cannot think that the Democratic party
need to make capital out of the offices at these
aimones, which were rescued from political favor-
itism by a Whig Administration, and which act
has been approved- by every subsequent Demo-
cratic Administration. Now, sir, if the object is
not to extend the patronage of party, and make
political capital out of these offices, but if the ob-
ject be sincerely to benefit and honor the mechan-
ical interest, let this amendment be adopted.
Sir, I cannot be told that the President should
have a wider discretion than what they call the
class of mechanics. Sir, I urged unrestricted dis-
cretion as important to the public interests: but I
was met with the avowal that the mechanics had
a right to these offices. If they hfttve such right,
do not defraud them out of it. The committee,
sir, have expressed their motives for a change;
have given as a controlling reason, the right of the
mechanics, and now I ask the committee to carry
out its purposes in good faith—I want no political
speculation.
Sir, I may say in conclusion, that I have full
confidence in the Administration, and that I be-
lieve that the principles of the Republican party in
their entire integiity, are lodged only in the Ex-
ecutive department so far.
Mr. LETCHER. This seems to be a strange
sort of doctrine,thatmihtary men havefto politics.
Why, look at it. Is not the President a military
man? Are not the Secretary of War, Colonel
Davis, and the Attorney General, Mr. Cushing,
military men? And is it not notorious that one
third of the members of this House, just after the
Mexican war, were military men ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from .Alabama [Mr. Houston]-
introduced a proposition that the Committee of
the Whole should be governed by the same ruies
that we have in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] is
i in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I am replying? to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.] Now,
sir, I say, so far as this matter is concerned, that
when thegentleman undertakes,by hisamendment,
to place (hese armories in the hands of those who
have no politics, he will have to go somewhere
else than to the Army to find them.
Mr. KEITT. 1 said that if such an amend**
ment were not adopted, the armories would be
under tiie contiol of politics.
Mr. LETCHER. Then if they are under the
control of politics now, what is the use of all the
fuss that is being made about it? Jf the Army
officers are just as much politicians as civilians,
what is the use of the gentleman from South Car-
olina talking about broken-down politicians who
have rendered services at the huntings?
Mr. KEITT. I do not say the Army officers,
are politicians, but I,say that when the armories
are put under the "control of politics as argued
here, that even officers would oe brought under
that control.
Mr. ST ANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia have the goodness to yield
me the floor for a moment?
Mr. LETOHEtt. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. What 1 desire to say is this,
and I challenge contradiction of the statement,
that during the forty-seven years m which these
armones were under civil control, not a single
man was removed for political causes, and more-
over, nearly every man who occupied a position
in them died in office or resigned.
Mr. CRAIGE. I apprehend that the Chair
did not understand my point of order.
Mr. LETCHER. Gentlemen are creating a
great deal of disorder here unnecessarily, by in-
terrupting me. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 made my point of order on
thegentleman from Virginia, and I would make it
on any other gentleman in the House sooner than
on him.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh don't make me an ex-
! ception.
! Mr. CRAIGE. The amendment offered by the
i gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] is,
! that this appropriation, so much desired by my
| friend from Virginia, should be disbursed under
; the direction of a mechanic.
; Mr. KEITT. That the superintendent should
| be a practical mechanic.
j Mr. CRAIGE. Exactly. His amendment is,
' that the superintendent hereafter to be appointed
1 at each of these armories, must be a practical me-
| chanic. My friend from Virginia opposed that
| amendment on thegronnd that the gentleman from
| South Carolina proposes to put them under mili-
i tary superintendence. Now, it is no such thing.
! Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from South
| Carolina also proposed that the superintendent
i should have held no political office.
i A Member. No, sir.
i Mr. LETCHER. Well, something of that
| sort.
j Several Members. Yes.
I Mi. LETCHER. I thought it was so. Now,
i if the gentleman had talked about placing these
! armones under mechanics, yesterday or the day
' before, or whatever day he was making his speech
i before the House, I should have been very much
inclined to listen to him with rather more favor than
I am inclined to listen to him now. But he made no
! such point yesterday, merely contending that the
armories should be under mihtaiy superintend-
■ ency. This is a point on which he fills back
I with the hope of saving himself by it. The gen-
' tleman thought yesterday that none but military
men should have charge of these establishments,
and now he turns around, and thinks that they
should be in charge of mechanics.
Mr. KEITT. My desire is that if civil super-
intendents are to be appointed, they shall be se-
lected from the ranks of mechanics, so that you
shall not
i( Hold the bud of promise to the ear,
' And break it to the hope."
