938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
is what I have already read, that " suitable addi-
tions may be made to the quarters of the profes-
sors by an appropriation, in addition to the amount
already appropriated, ($3,000,) of ^5,051 35."
Now, it seems thdt the amount of $3,001) has al-
ready beet) appropriated, and has been at the dis-
posal of the institution tor the year past, which
they might have used for the purpose of repairs,
and ii appeals they have not used it, but ask that
$5,051 35 may be appropriated in addition. Now
sir, they give no good and sufficient reason for
asking this additional appropriation, which, of
itself, in my opinion, is a sufficient reason for non-
concurring in this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SAGE. If there be no objection, I will
withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. BLISS. I ask the recognition of the Chair
at this time for my own persona! convenience. I
wish simply to say that 1 had intended to have
made some remarks upon the bill for the oigani-
zation of the Ten itoi jes of Nebraska and Kansas;
but such is the state of my health that I shall not
be able to do it. I desire, therefore, the consent of
the House to publish the remarks I intended to
have made m the Globe, and allow them to take
their place in the regular proceedings of the House.
A geneial assent was expressed. [This speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on con-
curring in the amendmentof the Senate appropri-
ating $5,000 for the officers' quarters.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
For cav.ihy cxuk'im) hall, £20,00').
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asiutry Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
letary, notifying the House that that body had
passed without amendment House bill No. .'W,
entitled " An act to authorr/e the school cornmis-
sioneis of fractional township No. 1, of lange
No. 10 east, in Alabama, to locate a half section
of land for school purposes; and had also passed
Senate bill No. 335, entitled An act lor the relief
of the Bmhngtoii University of Iowa," in which
it u^kfd the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. 131SSELL. Before the vote is taken on
the amendment which has just been read, I desiie
to say a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. 1USSHLL. 1 do. I move, pro forma t that
the appiopnation he increased five dolhus. I hope
that tho committee is not going to vote too precipi-
tately on this amendment. For my own part, 1
have seen nothing yet to change my views in le-
gard to the propriety of our concurring with the
Senaie. i have heard nothing to change them.
jNow the gentleman from New York, [Mr. IIa-
vkw,] v, ho called up tins bill the other day, told us
the- views which brought the Committee of Ways
and Meons, of which he is a member, to the
actum which they took on this subject. He
told us that the committee were in much doubt
whether to lecommend that appropriation or not,
but that finally they concluded to lecommend that
the House disagree with the Senate; for the rea-
son , said he, that w^ feared that when hi ought into
the House it would be ridiculed heie, as we know
that it had been for several years before, and that
the institution would be injured more than the
chance of passing the appropriation would benefit
it. Mow who ever befoie heard of such a reason
as that emanating from a committee? Inasmuch
as this approprmrion had been frequently pressed
on the House before, and had met only with rid-
icule, they feared that, it would meet with ridicule
and nothing else, which would injure the institu-
tion ! Theiefore, after deliberation, they concluded
to reject the amendment, to recommend the House
to non-concur in it.
I do not cast my vote on. any such principle as
that; and I am proud to say that the committeeof
which 1 have the honor to be a member, never 1
recommend the i ejection or adoption of any prop- :
OMtion on any such principle. Is it right? (stnis ,
eppropiuuon needed for tiie benefit ot that msn-!
tution, and to enable the Government to derive all 1
the advantages which it ought to have? That is
the question, and the only one which ought to be
considered. And we were informed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, who followed me in the
discussion the other day, and who is not now in
his seat, that there were appropriated some sev-
enteen years ago, when he was chauman of the
Military Committee of the Senate—and he had
more influence in that body than any othei mem-
ber there—$30,000 were appropriated for a riding
hall at West Point; and it was done with his ap-
piobation. Seventeen years have gone by, and
now, when a similar proposition is made here, he
takes his cue apparently from the hint thrown out
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
and ridicules the proposition, and does nothing but
ridicule it.
Mr. HIBBARD. Well,give some reason for it.
Mr. 131SSELL. I am now merely replying to
some remarks made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri; but i am asked to give some leason why it
is necessary. I will do so with pleasure, although
I think it would be unnecessary to those who heard
me the other day.
In the first place, in consequence of the latitude
and altitude of the location of the institution at
! West Point, they have a long winter, a long fall,
a long spang, and a very shoit summer. During
a large portion of the winter the snow lies deep
upon the mountains there; during several weeks
in the; spnng and autumn the ground is filled with
froht, or is in process of hi caking; up, when a horse
will break in at every step he takes; and in whi-
ter, when snow is on the ground, lam falls upon
it, which freezes, but not enough to bear a horse;
so that he cuts through it some twelve or eighteen
inches at every step.
Mr. HAVEN. I submit to the committee that
no reasons have been given by the gentleman who
last addressed us [Mr. Bism.ll] m favor of his
amendment, that ought to control this committee
in its action.
The gentleman is slightly mistaken, I think, in
reference to the ground that 1 took when the bill
was up the other day. I did not undertake to say
that tiie Committee of Ways and Means were
fearful that this proposition would lie attacked
with ridicule, and that that was the reason why
they reported against the amendment. What I
did say was substantially this: that propositions
of this character, and nearly akin to H, had been
recommended and been before the House year
after year, neatly as long as I could remember;
that they had been attacked here in debate, and
that I feared these repeated endeavors to ingraft
them on the academy bill, when it had been so
repeatedly refused, would lmve the effect or ten-
dency to bring this institution into discredit, i
submit to this committee that I am right in that.
I submit that these repeated applications, year
after year, for what Congress has again and again
refused—applications unaccompanied byanygood
and sufficient reasons for their constant renewal,
whether they are resisted by ridicule or not—are
calculated, or have the tendency, to bring the
institution into disrepute and discredit. Sir, I am
as little controlled by the fear «f ridicule as my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Bissf.ix ] And the
fear of the imputation has as little control over me
as the fear of ridicule itself.
Now, a word as to the positions taken the other
day by my friend who has spoken in favor of this
amendment now. As I undetsiood the gentleman
fi om 111 inois then, he was vei y specific in declaring
that the reasons which induced him to support the
proposition this year, although heretofore he had
been opposed to it—and 1 will set off the gentle-
man's position in that respect against the position
of the gentleman from Missouri—he said particu-
larly that the reasons which induced him to sup-
poit the pioposition now were not on account of
the effect it would have on the cadets, but because
the ground for some six months in the year was
so uneven and hummocky—I think that was his
word—that the horses were in danger, and that
the horses could not perform the service and evo-
lutions there with safety. Now, I have no such
desire toprotect the horses at West Point, or rather
1 have no such apprehensions in reference to them.
The colonel who recommends this appropriation
this year—for the twentieth time, for aught I know—
and the Board of Visitois, d'tier, however, from the
gentleman. They tell us, m i efei ence to this piopo-
sition, m substance, that the room is necessary
for the cadets; that 44 a decent regard for safety
to the lives and limbs of the cadets requires this
hall, as well as their successful progress in this
branch of instruction."
The colonel says that a sheltered room is as
necessary, in his opinion, for the proper and eco-
nomical instruction of this course of education, as
any other. It would require one of large dimen-
sions, and built for the put pose. No plan, no
estimate in detail, from any lesponsible source, is
laid before the committee. The amendment now
under consideiation is open to the precise objection
to which the last one offered was. I do not desire
to argue the question heie that was argued by the
gentleman fiom Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] as to
the propriety and necessity of this couise of in-
struction. I take it lor granted that we desire it
taught.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissej.l] tells
us to-day, in substance, that this riding school is
not intended for the benefit and piotection of the
cadet himself, but for convenience and safety to
the horses m using them. Colonel Lee tells us in
his report that there aie six months m each year,
from September until June, that the weather is
unfit for this exercise m the open air. Is not this
rather strongly stated? i submit to this commit-
tee—for there are many gentlemen upon this floor
who can speak from actual knowledge—whether,
in the months of September, October, and Novem-
ber even, peisons in the countiy in that latitude,
are not harvesting their potatoes and corn in the
fields without any inconvenience from the weather ?
1 undeitake to say that before May has gone and
June is reached—for May is one of the months
included in the statement against cavalry exercise
in the open air—we shall have beautiful weather
and settled grounds at West Point. 1 believe, sir,
it is not unusual to have settled roads and good
traveling there in April, although this year it seems
an unpleasant month. 1 am leady to have the
question taken.
Mr. B1SSELL. If there is no objection, I with-
draw the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon concumng with the Senate amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. I offer an amendment to
increase the appropriation #100.
1 understand the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Ha\e>t,] a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to occupy a doubtful position
in regard to this appropriation, and to be undecided
as to whether it is proper or not. i am satis-
fied his judgment, his knowledge of the facts in
reference to West Point, will not permit him to
say that it is really improper. Pie is apprehen-
sive that the discussion of this subject may insure
that institution. I have no such apprehension. It
will bear full discussion. He objects that no
plans, no estimates have been submitted. I sub-
mit to the gentleman, that if no plans or estimates
were submitted, it was the duty of the Committee
of Ways and Means to have inquired for them,
and to have had them submitted by the proper
officers. But I am told by gentlemen near me,
that they have been submitted, and that they
amount to some ^-1,000.
It appears that an appropriation was made by
the last Congress of J2,000 to build a hall for cav-
alry exercises, but that it has notbeenapplied, for
the sole reason that the officers deemed it utterly
insufficient for the purpose intended. This shows
the judgment of that Congress, that such a hall
for cavalry exercise was necessary. The lefusal
to use any pai t of theappiopi iation when, its insuf-
ficiency was ascertained, exhibits the integrity of
the officers in charge. The appropriation now
asked is for a hall for cavalry exercises, which are
deemed to hold a very important part in the system
of education at West Point. I need not advert to
the importance of an efficient cavalry. It is appre-
ciated m every nation, and in every army of Eu-
rope. I have not time to enlarge upon this point,
though I should be happy to do so, and to ahow
its indispensable necessity to every efficient army.
But how is efficiency in cavalry to be attained.?
Sir, I submit that it is only to be attained by
proper instruction, by drilling, by discipline. It
is said, to be sure, that our boys in this country
are all good riders. They are. But will good
riders alone make an efficient cavalry ? The most
inefficient cavalry in the field are those composed
of what we call good riders, but who are untaught
in cavalry exercises, and are without proper dis-
