mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Mr. LETCHER. Then if the House lias de-
termined that the man who lias charge of these
armories shall be a civilian and a mechanic 
Mr. KEITT, (interrupting.) He is to be a
civilian, and the argument was that he should be
a mechanic.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not think that the argu-
ment was exactly that the superintendent should be
a mechanic. But whether it was so or not, I take
it that the gentleman who has charge of the
armory, is just as competent, if a civilian, to dis-
burse this fund wisely, as any military gentleman
that might be appointed.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina to the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Preston, and
Bayly of Virginia, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 43, noes 80.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer the following
amendment:
To William W. Eaton, of Connecticut, for expenses and
services as legal adviser employed at the suggestion of, and
before the Army commission, petting at Springfield,
Massachusetts, in the summer of 1853, sixty-three days, at
eight dollars per day, $504.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not in order; it is a
private claim.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state that this is
recommended by 
[Cries of Order!"]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to make a single
suggestion, and 1 think the Chair will be in-
clined to rule the amendment to be m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair deckles the
amendment to be not in oider, and the gentleman
can make no statement in reference to it. Does
the gentleman appeal from the decision of the
Chair ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will appeal, if I can have
the opportunity of making a statement to the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal will not be I
deb-table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I do not appeal. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the followingamend-
xnent, and a«k for the question upon it:
At the end of line one hundred and twenty-eight, insert
the following words:
For military and geographical surveys west of the Mis-
sissippi river, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to offer a small amend-
ment, by the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and also by the Depart-
ment. Before offering it, however, I desire to
say a word, and it is ail I shall say in reference
to it. It is for the purchase of the plamtarium
which we have seen in the rotunda of the Capitol.
It is thought that it may be useful to the students
at West Point. There may be a difference of
opinion in reference to it, but I offer the amend-
ment appropriating $£2,000 for that purpose.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the purchase of Harlow's plamtarium lor the u.-.e"of
the Military Academy at West Point, .^2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend by in-
serting the following:
For continuing the exploration and survey to ascortam
the best route for a railway to the Pacific, and lor eomphiuni?
the reports of surveys already made, the sum of $150,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order
on the amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The appropriation is
estimated for and recommended by the War De-
partment. I send a letter from the Secretary of
War to the Clerk's desk in relation to the matter,
which I ask may be read.
The CHAIRMAN. Have appropriations been
made heretofore for the same object?
Mr. McDOUGALL. There have been.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the gentleman's
statementthe Chair will entertain the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. There has been appropria-
tions for the general object; but I would ask ihe
gentleman from California whether his amend-
ment does not contemplate the exploration and
survey of entirely new routes?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The appropriation of the
last session was for the general purpose of explo-
ration and ascertainment of a practicable route.
My amendment proposes an appropriation for pre-
cisely the same purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the appro-
priation of the last session was for the survey of
a route or routes; that those routes have nearly
all been surveyed, and that an appropriation was
made in the deficiency bill to complete the sur-
veys. This appropriation, I understand, is for new
routes. If my understanding be correct, then I
contend that the amendment Is not in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The appropriation of the
last session was not made for the survey of any
particular route, but for the general purpose of an
examination of the country between the Missis-
sippi river and the Pacific coast, for the ascertain-
ment of some practicable route No one route has
been completely surveyed. The object of the ap-
propriation made at the last session has not been
accomplished, and my amendment merely pro-
poses to carry out what was begun at the last
Congress, and to continue the surveys until some
route is determined on.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman's amend-
ment contemplate the completion of the routes
already surveyed, or the survey of new routes?
I repeat, that, if it contemplates new routes, i con-
tend that it is not in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There were nopaitioular
directions accompanying the appi opriation made
at the last session, excepting that the country be-
tween here and the Pacific coast should be ex-
amined and surveyed. It did not relate ta_any
particular survey, but provided for the ascertain-
ment of a practicable route.
The letter of the Secretary of War was read by
the Clerk, as follows:
War Department, July 18, l^.Vt.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 15tU iiMant, i have
the* honor to slate that it will l ' s-ei n, by lelt'tence to my
annual report, and al&o to my repoit to (Jnnsioss on the
u lirst Monday of ^einuary** that the appioprmtiori
made at the la^t session of Congie^ to ascertain the nio.-t
practicable route tor a railway to the Pacilk*, had not been
tound sulheient to cover tboioughly the extent of tern
tory to he explored before tltat problem couid be satisfac-
torily solved.
Tlie sMrveys, as far a* they have been reported to this of-
fice, have tailed to indicate any loute across the Sierra Ne- :
vada range, and adjacent mountains, which is noi attend'd
wnh s-ciiou-? obstacles to the location oi a railroad. Foi
the lull development of much valu.ible information col-
lected by the putties charged with those surveys, it will be
necessary to have additional means, and to occupy more
time m the preparation of a report on the material collected
by these patties*, than was formerly contemplated. 1 there-
fore, hi compliance with your request to estimate tor con-
tinuing the exploration and «invey to aj-certsun the be<t
route t'or a railway to the Pacific, and for completing the re-
ports of thesuiveys already made, the sum of .<'150,000.
'Phis estimate not given in detail, ii«>m ihe nnpiactica-
bihty of devijruatin# ihe routes to ho hoi caller surveyed,
until the rcMili&ot the laboi already perhnmcd have been
repotted to this othce, and the dithculuerf to be overcome
ate belter understood.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
DAVIS, Senctmy of ff'ar.
Hon. J. A. MeT>ouriw,L,
Chairman Xclcrf Committee on Pacific TLailro<id.
Mr, McDOUGALL. It is well understood by
the committee at this time, that the Department
undertook to survey two different routes to the
Pacific—a northern route and southern route. A
partial attempt was made to stuvey the central
route. The surveys of neither the northern or
southern routes have been completed; and out little
labor has been bestowed in the investigation with
regard to the central route. No examination and
no exploration at any one point in the great
mountain barrier, the Sierra Nevada, which Ilea
along the Pacific, has been made. That whole
range of mountains will hnve'fo be explored and
. examined, in order to determine the problem of
the practicability of a railroad over that route. The
small sum of $150,000, for a great purpose like this,
is altogether inconsiderable. The surveys of the
railroad routes to the Pacific have been already
commenced, and the appropriations made at the
last session of Congress will be to a great extent
lost, unless further appropriations aie made. 1
believe this is well understood hy the committee,
and I ask that the request of the Secretary of
War be complied with, and that the surveys be
made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from California, but
I will say that I think it is right.
Mr. COBB.. I move to strike out the word
" fifty," so as to leave ^100,000.
1 admit that the work of building a railroad to
the Pacific is a great enterprise, but 1 have been
called to act upon surveys made by individuals,
for which we appiopriated $150,000 at the last
session of Congress, and what mfoimation have
I obtained from those surveys which has re-
sulted in anything practicable? I have been less
fortunate than many of my colleagues, with
whom i have been connected on-the select com-
jl mittee. You have had very little information as
to the expenditure of the $150,GOQ, which appro-
priation was made so that we might arrive at
some particular conclusion as to the practicability
of the construction of a railroad from the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific ocean. I have never ques-
tioned the propriety of such a construction. But
we have expended that $150,000; and the appli-
cation now is that we appropriate $150,000 more
for the same purpose. And now that we have
li received all the information that these engineers
|| are able to give us on this-subject, what is the
[| result? Why,according to our own proposition,
'j the construction of the work is to be left to private
i enterprise. We may give them the measures
|j and boundaries, but the work is to be solely
i under private supervision. We may say that' the
il line is to start at certain points, and to end at cer-
! tain points*, but that la all the control we have
!; over it. We make—if the bill pass—an appro-
i priation of land and money for the purpose of
' aiding in the construction of the road; but do you
suppose that the companies who take the matter
in hand are going to be guided by the surveys we
have caused to be made? Certainly not. True,
the result of these surveys may furnish them with
an outline from which they will draw their own
conclusions; but that is all. We leave them to
determine for themselves how tnis road shall be
constructed. And yet we aie asked here to ap-
propriate $150,000 more for these surveys. Now,.
I ask, is tnat proposition politic? Is it right? Is
it necessary? Can any good result from it? These
are the questions which ought to influence us.
True, we may, from these reconnoisances, get
some general information in relation to the geog-
raphy of the country which may result in *ood;
but if fhat is all the benefit we derive from it, it is
not worth the $300,000 we will have expended.
Sir, I am opposed to the proposition. 1 want to
see some practical good growing out of the appro-
priation of $150,000 which we have already made..
And when it is clearly demonstrated to jme that
this further appropriation is necessary, 1 may be
willing to vote for it, so as to consummate the
object designed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Cobb] was at one time exceedingly
anxious fio obtain information from the Govern-
ment offices in relation to these explorations; but
his anxiety must have decreased considerably,
or he would have learned that there are in the
War Department piofiles of two lines of road,
extending, one from Fort Smith, through New
Mexico, to the river Colorado, and one extending
from the Upper Mississippi to the Columbia river.
Profiles of both lines have been prepared,show-
ing that one of them is altogether practicable, and
that the other is unresolved as to a few points.
He would find, also, that under that appropria-
tion of $150,000 which he speaks of, a survey
had been made from San Antonio, by EI Paso, to
the city of San Angelos, in the State of Califor-
nia. And he would find that a profile of that
road has been made, leaving, however, a number
of points undetermined. And he would further
find that the question of the practicability of rail-
roads to the Pacific has been substantially solved
—that a line can be constructed by the South, but
only by the South. Now, if a road is to be con-
structed to the Pacific, it is to be constructed as a
j great national work. And if we have ascertained
and determined that we can build a railroad there
by the South, let us also ascertain, if you please,
whether we can construct another by the North.
Let us have the information in all other directions
as we have had in the southern direction. But
the surveys of the southern line are incomplete;
undoubtedly some of the most important points
are yet undetermined. And it is as important to
the gentlemen of the South as it is to the gentle-
men of the other parts of the Union, that these
surveys should be completed.
Mr. COBB. Some time since, when the ques-
tion of these appropriations was up, the gentle-
man fium California seemed to think that $50,000
