1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
089
cipline. Now, sir, in Europe, for instance in
Russia, there is one of the best riding halls to be
fonmi in any country; it is six hundred feet long,
and two hundied feet wide. They have, I believe,
men of some hardihood there—yeiacoveied riding
hall is deemed necessary there, where their young
men are well and thoroughly instructed m cavalry
exercise. In Fiance they have three riding halls
for cavalry exercise, and in them the young men
of France are instrucied. There, even in that
pleasant climate, covered riding schools are deemed
necessary, to train their young men, who are to
instruct others—and they have them.
1 wish I had time to enlarge upon these facts;
upon the example of other nations, who under-
stand this subject, who know the value of well-
trained cavalry, and practice on their knowledge.
In France, sir, young men are taken from the
school at St. Cyr, a place near Pans, and sent to
these riding halls at Saumur, upon the Loire, and
kept there twenty-one months; and then, if they
are of sufficient ability to sustain an examination,
they <fire transferred to their regiment; and, after
being kept there for a time, and before they can
be promoted to a captaincy, they have to go back
.to these institutions at Saumur again, and remain
there for eighteen months longer; and then they
are not promoted unless they can sustain a rigid
and thorough examination.
Mr. BENSON. 1 desire to say a single word
in reply to the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, [Mr. Ff.ckiiam,] and in opposition to the
amendment of the Senate. 1 rise forthat purpose,
sir, because I am a friend to the West Point Acad-
emy, and as such. I believe our legislation should
be calculated to'protect that institution. Well,
sir, I ask, why is it necessary to load down this
bill so that the appropriations, which are absolutely
necessary, will be lost?
By referring to the bill which has been printed,
and which is upon our desks, I find that the ap-
piopriations for this academy amount to §144,281,
independent of the amendments which have been
added to it by the Senate. Now, sir, 1 ask why
add any more to it, unless it is necessary to do so
in order to secure the efficiency of the institution ?
It is well known to those who have kept an eye
upon this institution for years past, that it was
fast losing its hold-upon the public mind; and but
for the occurrence of the Mexican war, which de-
veloped the ability, patriotism, and efficiency of
the officers who were educated at that institution,
in my humble opinion, the annual appropriations
for its support would, long before this time, have
been lost.
Now, why is it necessary to do anything more
than enough to sustain efficiently that institution?
Let gentlemen look for a moment and see where
the boys come from who go to this academy.
By law, they come from every congressional dis-
trict in the Union; from the hills and valleys, as
well as cities, of the country, and it is not neces-
sary to put them into a band-box, or into any hall,
for the purpose of teaching them to ride. I think
that the boy who is sent to that institution from
my district will know how to ride better than
those who go there and are taught to ride solely
in this pocket edition of a riding school. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckham] says
that a set of good riders make a poor body of cav-
alry. 1 take it that you cannothave good cavalry
without good riders.
Again, it is said that the climate is inclement at
West Point. Sir, is the climate more inclement
at West Point than it is in Maine? 1 believe the
location of my district is further north than West
Point; yet the boys sixteen years old in my dis-
trict find time enough to learn to ride, and are,
most of them, as good riders as they would be if
they had learned to ride in a building erected for
that purpose. .
Mr. PECICHAM. What do the cavalry do m
Maine? , ,
Mr. BENSON. They fight the enemy when
called upon to do so; and they do not go into
hedges, or wood-sheds, or riding halls either, to
learn to ride. _ .
But it is said, again, that in Russia and m France
they have schools for the purpose of instructing
their young men in the art of riding. Sir, we in
America have riding schools, too. Almost every
tarm m this broad land is a riding school, where
our young men are taught to become as good riders
as you can find m the world. And I do not be-
lieve it is necessary for us in republican America
to go to aristocratic Russia or to imperial Fiauce
for examples how to teach our boys. 1 believe
we have a policy at home which we shall find will
answer our purpose quite as well. Let the boys
be taught at home, as they will be; and during the
fou|jyeais of instruction at West Point there will
be *und sufficient time in the ftee, open air, in
suitable weather, to give them the graces of horse-
manship and a knowledge of cavalry tactics, with-
out incurring this expense.
But again, it is said that this hall is not wanted
for the benefit of the boys, but to protect the offi-
cers and the horses. Now, sir, I do not believe
it is necessary for us to erect a riding hall for the
protection of the horses; and if the officers need it
■—if the officers, in other words, are not competent
to perform their duties without these additional
accommodations, we had better exchange them,
if necessary, which 1 no not believe, and get those
more efficient in their places. Mr. Chairman, I
hope the committee will refuse to adopt this
amendment of the Senate. I do not believe it is
necessary for the maintenance of the institution;
and, in my judgment, it will endanger those appro-
priations wmch are material to the usefulness 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 desire to say a word more
on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. No further remarks are
in order. The question is now upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman himself.
Mr. PECKHAM. I withdraw that amend-
ment, and offer another, to increase the appropri-
tion $110.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to make a remark or
two in reply to the gentleman who has just taken
his seat. With great respect to the gentleman
from Maine, I desire to say that he certainly does
not mean to have this House understand that he is
perfectly familiar or acquainted with what is neces-
sary to constitute an efficient cavalry, or what is im-
portant to that end. I do not doubt or deny the
position which he has asserted. He says they have
exceedingly fine horsemen in Maine. He tells us
what his young men can do. Amen. Do not we
all know that not only in Maine, but everywhere
in the United States, we have as good horsemen
as can be found in the world? No one here
denies that; but, sir, is that all that is necessary
to make efficient cavalry ? I am told by those
whose experience in the Army entitles their opin-
ions to the highest respect, and who, if I were to
mention their names, would be recognized as such,
that undrilled cavalry are utterly useless and unre-
liable—far more so than undisciplined infantry.
Mr. McNAIR. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from New York is not speaking
in opposition to the amendment, but directly in
favor of it.
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I believe, is out of order; I am speaking
in support of an amendment which I have just
offered. Now, sir, to give you an illustration;
There are no better horsemen in the world than
the Mamelukes, in Egypt, and yet they proved to
be inefficient as cavalry. They would ride directly
up to the infantry, and even jump their horses
over into the infantry squares; and yet, in their
conflicts with thearmyof Napoleon, because they
were not properly drilled and disciplined to act m
masses, they proved to be utterly inefficient as
cavalry.
Sir,* it is a well known fact, a conceded maxim,
as I am told, with military men, that it requires
three times as long to drill a corps of cavalry as
a corps of infantry or artillery; and it is worse
than idle to assume, as gentlemen seem to as-
sume here, that all that is necessary to make
good cavalry is that the men shall be good riders.
Besides, the young men instructed here, are not
only to understand it themselves, but to be ren-
dered competent to instruct others. They are to
be made disciplinarians. The gentleman-frimi
Missouri [Mr. Benton] referred to the Utah In-
dians as objects for imitation. There are no
better riders than the Utah Indians, but what
would they amount to as cavalry? How would
they act in masses ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, to the facts presented
from all countries abroad where they have an ef-
ficient cavalry, that they all have extensive cov-
ered riding halls, and deem them indispensable,
what is presented in answer? Why can we dis-
pense with such a hall better than they can in
Russia, or in Prance, or in England ? Why, the
gentleman from Maine told us that if we attempt
to establish them v/e shall ruin this institution.
Sir, with great respect to the gentleman, I think
ttmt I can appeal with safety to this committee,
to its intelligence, to its leliaiice on doing what is
right rather than on what the prejudices of con-
stituents of members may say, to discharge its
high duty to the country on this subject.
The distinguished gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] does not presume to present any
answer on the merits of this measure, but he has
recourse entirely to ridicule; he appeals to the
prejudices of members; he re-presents the produc-
tions of former years, the parasol and pelisse of
the old lady from New England, and the five
year-old Utah Indian boy. Will this committee
regard that as an answer to an application for this
riding hall, which has been made on the recom-
mendation of every committee of visitors which
has considered the subject, and by every Army
officer, as well those disconnected with #j|is acad-
emy as those attached to it, and sustained, too,
by the example and practice of every civilized
nation that have aft efficient cavalry? We can
afford to meet ridicule that comes in this shape.
We have courage to meet that; but we cannot
refuse to sustain this appropriation,and we ought
not to have courage to refuse, when it is necessary
to the efficiency of our cavalry; when it is prop-
erly recommended; and when there is no rational
objection presented against it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
as has been before remarked, this recommendation
of appropriation for the construction of a riding
hall has been presented to Congiess and thrust on
its consideration for the last ten or twelve years,
if not for a longer period. Up to the present time
all that has been asked is $12,000; but t suppose
with the great improvements which have been
made in riding halls of hippodromes over cir-
cuses, [laughter]—
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order. I
know my friend will take it in good part. If we
go on discussing this question in the way we have,
we shall never see the end of it. The amendment
proposes to increase the appropriation $110. The
gentlemen who should have spoken in favor of it
did not speak to it at all, and neither is the gentle-
man from Tennessee opposing it, as he should do
to entitle him to the floor.
Mr. JONES. Iam speaking against the amend-
ment. I do not want to see it adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not see
that the gentleman's remarks are out of order.
Mr. JONES. Now they ask for $20,000, in-
stead of $12,000. There is no particular reason
assigned for the change. The gentleman from
New York proposes to increase it $110. Now, I
cannat conceive the necessity«of one dollar of this
appropriation. Why is it necessary to have a
house in which to train young men to ride? From
the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
it seems to me that for the service the country will
want mounted troops for some years to come.
West Point, on the hills, amid ice and snow, is
the place of all others where we should teach our
cavalry soldiers. Where will you want your
troops? On the plains, in the gorges, among the
rocks of the Rocky Mountains, and elsewhere m
the country between the Atlantic and the Pacific
oceans. . , ,
I would ask the gentleman from Illinois whether
he supposes the mode of taking youths under shel-
ter into a riding hail, and on horses trained to
start at the whistle and stop at the crack of the
whip) is the proper one to teach those to ride who
are to be called on to protect our frontiers against
the Indians ? Why, sir, take one of these persons
who have learned to ride in these halls for exhibi-
tion through the country, where they are well
schooled, and put them on a paved street here m
the eity, and they will be as awkward at riding as
if they had never exhibited or performed at all.
They have their horses trained, and are trained
themselves to suit the action of the horses, and
they know exactly, when they start, thegsitthey
me to go at, and where they will stop. But put
them into the field or on to the mountains, and
they will be as awkward as if they had never seen
a riding hall.
Sir, if you want these cadets tp learn to ride
