1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
marine hospital at Memphis, Tennessee.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed 10.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 ask leave to introduce the
following-resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire what legislation
Rpce«sarj in  elation to the residue of the land Iving in Un-
Virgusift military district, m the State of Ohio ; and that
they report to mis House by bill or otherwise.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agieed to.
Mr. BENSON. I ask leave of the House to
introduce the following resolution:
Resohcd, That the Committee on Agriculture be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of e-uabltslmijj a Hureau
of A^ueulturc, to be connected with the Department of the
Interior, with leave to report by bill or otheiwise.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcsolvd, That the Committee on the Judiciary ho in-
ducted to inquire into the propnety of piovtdmg, by law,
for holding semi annual teun* of tile Federal courts lor the
eastern di&tnet ol Virginia, in and for the city of Alexan-
dria ; and that that committee report by bill or otherwise.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. STUAUB. I ask leave of the House to
introduce the following resolution:
Roolvcd, That the Committee on the Post OtTiee and
Po.-t Roads he, and it i- hereby, instructed to repoit bv lull
aiithonzmg the l'ostinarter General to puiclm?e, f^tahttsh,
and huihl suitable grounds and post offices m each and
every city, town,or phiee in ilie United Sutes, at th<* oo-t
and expanse of the Genoa! Government: Pior.ided, That
the cost and expense of any one ol such gioinuU and olhces
shall nor e.v et-d the sum ol dollar, jind provided,
faither, Tliat the income or piofit on po-Ui^es to the post-
mastei of-uch city, town, or place thall amount to or ex-
ceed the sum ol ■■■—dollars annually.
Mr. HAMILTON. That proposes absolute 1
itivSti ucuons, and I am opposed to it. J move to
lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. HOUS TON. I submit that the resolution
is not yet before ihe House. :
The SPEAKER. The resolution has not been
received by the House, and the motion to lay it 1
upon the table is not, therefore, at this time in or-
der. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
[Cries of 4t Oh, no !"]
Mr, JONES. This is not resolution day, and
unless we go into the Committee of the \Vhole on
the state ot the Union we shall spend the whole
day with motions to suspend the rules.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to. i
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the business before
the committee to be the consideration of certain 1
resolutions offered by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] for the reference of the
President's annual message, upon which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Wade] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WADE. When the committee were last
«n session they had just gone through with
matters and things m general in the State of New
York. They hud witnessed a contest between
the Hards and Softs, which had created so much
excitement as to make it impossible to geta hear-
ing upon any other subject.
I had myself made up my mind upon the merits
of that controversy, as I presumed every gentle-
man upon this floor bad done, and I hoped that
would'have been the conclusion of the matter.
The discussion seemed to assume about the form
of what lawyers would call a "proceeding by bill
and cross bill"—the "cross bill'5 being very cross.
[Laughter.] In my humble judgment, both par-
ties succeeded admirably in establishing their title
to relief, it is my wish, however, that they may
not get the relief they mutually pray for, and
which the testimony in the case shows them richly
entitled to. The consequences of such relief might
be very unpleasant.
But it is not my intention to go into this matter
"pon the present or any other occasion. I have
no objection to their continuing this 4t Kilkenny
cat" fight until they make way with each other,
not leaving even the " tips of their tails," if they
-f-e so disposed. [Laughter.]
My purpose to-day is to speak in reference to
'a controversy which has excited considerable at-
tention, not only in the district which f have the
honor to represent, bu,t all over the Union. I
mean the recent difficulties in reference to rail-
roads in the borough of Erie, in the State of
Pennsylvania, f shall examine and present to
the committee, for a very short time, the merits
of that controversy, and I do it with the more
confidence because the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Grow] a few days since informed the
House that there hud been an interruption in the
transportation of freight and passengers at that
place.
The irentleman from Pennsylvania admitted the
fact that the business of freighting, and the carry-
ing of passengers, on one of the most important
thoroughfares in the western States had been, for j
several weeks, entirely interrupted, so far as rail-
road carriage is concerned; and he submitted the
question as to who was to blame for this interrup-
tion of the commerce of the country. Whoever
casts his eye over the map of the middle and
western States, and especially those bordering
upon the northwestern lakes, cannot but see that
that thoroughfare is, and must be—unless ob-
structed by lawless violence, or by the rights, real
or pretended, of States through which it passes—
one of the most impoi tant channels of inland com-
merce m the western country. You will see, by
an examination of the rimp,that that mihoad lies
alongside of the southern shore of Lake Erie, the
navigation of which is for nearly six months of
the year obstructed by ice Now, sir, the com-
merce and travel along this line of lailroad ought
not to be subject to the caprice of a lawless mob,
or the selfish legislation of a .State intended to de-
stroy or divert it fiom its natural channel. My
constituents are, perhaps, moie interested in this
matter than the people of any other portion of the
western country. I have received letter after letter
from those constituents, stating that they have sick
friends whom they desire to bring to their homes,
but have not been able to do so on account of this
lawless mob .spirit at the borough of Erie.
Others of my constituents—men of wealth—
men who have passed triumphantly through the
most trying commercial revolutions, have been
compelled to bow to this infernal spirit, and yield
to poverty, from mere inability to perform con-
tracts of transportation over tins mob beleaguered
terntoiy of Pennsylvania.
These wrongs are insufferable, and if Congress
and the Federal Government are powerless to re-
dress them, then I would appeal to the public i
opinion of the States—that opinion which is |i
stronger than law—of more virtue than statutory p
enactments. ji
The history of the difficulty is this: In 1848, j)
the Legislature of Ohio was applied to by the ;!
people of Pennsylvania, for the charter of a rail- 'j
road that should connect the city of Pittsburg j;
and Central Ohio. That charter was promptly ji
granted by the Legislature of Ohio, giving gen- i,
tlemen from Philadelphia and Pittsburg, or who- ,
ever else in the State of Pennsylvania they might j
desire to take stock in such a road, a charter for a j
lailroad extending through the entire breadth of j
the State of Ohio, fiorn its eastern to its western !
line, through the very heart of the Stnte. !j
This road lias been a great highway, groanina, |;
under its burden of the great staples of Central 1;
Ohio: and Pennsylvania has enjoyed, withoutthe |
slightest hmderance or murmur from citizens of ''
Ohio, the immense wealth drawn from this most 1
productive commerce. The direct effect of this i
road, it was known at the time its charter was ,
granted, wou'd be to divert the produceof that !
part of Ohio front the Ohio canal, and from the 1
railroads leading to the lake, and conduct it to j
Pittsburg and Philadelphia. While Pennsylvania j
was asking of the Legislature of Ohio a chatter !
for this Ohio and Pennsylvania railroad, at the i
session of 1^48, the people of Ohio, at the same j
session of the PeniiNyIvama Legislature, were <
likewise soliciting a railroad charter across the j
county and through the borough of Erie, to the i
New York State Tine—a distance of about forty !
miles. The two charters were granted neaily \
simultaneously by the two Legislatures 1
i This Erie railroad charter was obtained by the
. people of Ohio, in order to supply the link of rail-
! road communication, then in course of eonstruc-
; tion, from the Mississippi to the Atlantic.
i All the States but Pennsylvania promptly
; granted charters for this great thoroughfare. Hut
| Pennsylvania was hesitating, reluctant, and, as the
I sequel will show, shamelessly treacherous. This
charter, had Pennsylvania not faltered with her
i plighted faith, would have been all that the people
i of Ohio and the West would have asked or de-
sired. It would have conducted passengers and
property through the infatuated borough of Erie,
■ without eve*i the poor and pitiful excuse they now
interpose for their lawless violence.
As T have said, these two acts—the charter
; from Pennsylvania to cross the county of Erie,
; and the charter from Ohio to cross that State—
! were simultaneous, and designed to he mutual con-
| cessions from the one State to the other; and for
j their mutual accommodation they were to compro-
mise—*'prove measures"'•—by which the rights and
interests of the two States would be mode mutual
and perpetual. Now, Mr. Chairman, what should a
great, and magnanimous Commonwealth have done
in such a case as this? Get what she wanted, secure
her own ends, and then "back out?" But Penn-
sylvania did just that—she repealed the charter she
had granted to Ohio, and thus began by treachery
what has ended in mob rule and murder. She will
scet her reward—thedayof retribution is approach-
ing, and is now even at the door. Had nn unfor-
tunate vagabond, to save himself, or a wife,or child
from starvation, obtained a loaf of bread or a bag
of corn, by pretenses as false and fraudulentas
^Pennsylvania obtained her Ohio charter, he would
have been a fortunate miscreant if he had not re-
ceived for it free lodgings in a dungeon. But
what was the conduct of Ohio towards her sister
State under such provocations? Did she retaliate?
Did she return evil for evil r Not at all. She felt
herself wronged—outraged, by this conduct of
Pennsylvania. But she did not retaliate, and I
hope she will not. Thus far she has endured the
insult and the injury, in the firm belief that the
good sense and enlightened policy of Pennsylva-
nia's true men, will, ere long, redeem her character
from this deep reproach.
Still Ohto is not insensible to the gratuitous stab
aimed at her vital commercial interests by Penn-
sylvania. While the dishonest measure of repeal-
ing the Erie railroad charter was pending before
the Legislatuie of Pennsylvania, Ohio remonstra-
ted.
Those resolutions, which I have read, were
adopted in 1849; and I may be permitted here to
say, that the State of Pennsylvania, in her public
laws, has not printed or published the act by
which it chartered the railroad through the county
of Erie. She shrunk from it when she came to
make up her records. But she could not repeal
the law without reciting the law repealed; and but
for this, we bhould have no evidence on Pennsyl-
vania records that she had ever granted such a
charter.
But here is the repealing law, and I read it for
the information of this committee 
Mr. GROW. I am unwilling to interrupt the
gentleman from Ohio. But the reason the law is
not on the statute-books is that the Commonwealth
imposes a tax on the publication of the acts of
the Legislature, and this tax was not paid.
Mr. WADE. I am glad to relieve Pennsyl-
vania on this point of not recording the Erie rail-
load charter, but 1 shall not retract my charge
against her of bad faith in repealing that charter.
May God forgive her for the lest. She'has had
enough besides to account for, as I will show be-
fore I have done. I shall now read the net.
[ Here Mr. Wade read the repealing act, which
recited the charter and declared it repealed. The
act hears date March 9, 1849; Pennsylvania laws
of 1849, page 137.] .
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says it (the
Erie lailroad charter act) did not receive the sig-
nature of the Governor. The law was handed
to your Governor, and he neglected to retui n it with
Ins objections, and it thereby became a law; and
you were obliged to resort to an act of the Legis-
lature before you could get lid of it. The gentle-
man [Mr. Grow] says that what" 1 have stated
imphes bad faith in the State of Pennsylvania
It implies no audi thing; it proves it—I will not
call it a Punic faith, lest I should be found slan-
