1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H97
would be sufficient; and now he comes and asks
you for $150,000 more.
i understand that Governor Stevens has made
an exploration of the northern route, and made
surveys, and has ascertained the practicability of
that route. The practicability of a southern route
is also established. If it is necessary to ascertain
the practicability of the middle route, let us ap-
propriate $50,000, or even $11)0,000
Mr. McDOUOrALL. i suggested $50,000. I
think it important to determine two points: one is
Noble's Puss, and the other is m our coast ran^e.
I submitted ihe matter to the Secretary of War,
whose business it is to understand this matter,
and he thinks that, in order to carry on the sur-
veys, $150,000 will be required. I suggested,
when this subject was up before, the sum of
$50,000, because I thought that would be suf-
ficient.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend by
maKing the words " sutvey " and *' exploration "
St surveys " and " explorations."
I do not wish to detain the committee; but every
one will see that there are three surveys going on,
with a \ iew to a route for a railroad to the Pacific.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 have offered the amendment,
and I propose to say a word or two upon the sub-
ject. I am not disposed to trouble the committee,
and I am willing to enter into a bargain with the
committee not to speak any more for the next ten
days, but to proceed to vote upon the bills as they
come up. But the Pacific railroad is a great na-
tional work, and there are three routes under sur-
vey and exploration. I am willing to make this
appropriation, as it is recommended by the Secre-
tary of War, and by those by whom the explora-
tions are made, and who ought to be best informed
upon the subject. I have conversed with Governor
Stevens, who made one of the explorations. And
I understand that this additional appropriation is
necessary to carry on the surveys of the northern
the central,and the southern routes. Besides, my
friend from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is wrong m
stating that an appropriation of £,150,000 was
made at the last Congress for these explorations
1 think it was but $100,000. Although,as amem-
ber of this body, I am desirous of having one great
thoroughfare to the Pacific, which will make quick
time, yet I believe the opinion is fast gaining
ground that we shall ultimately have three grand
railroads to the Pacific ocean, in order to satisfy
the demands of the travel and transportation of
this great empire; and, sir, I, for one, am willing
to make this little appropriation to carry on the
explorations until we get all the information neces-
sary to a correct understanding of the subject. I
think, by making the appropriation, as recom-
mended by the Secretary of "War, and desired by
the gentleman from California, and as imperiously
demanded by the state of these surveys nnd ex-
plorations, we shall be performing; a public duty,
and i therefore hope the appropriation will be
made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio. i
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation contained in the amendment to fifty
cents.
At the last Congress, when those surveys and
explorations were undertaken, we appropriated
the sum of $150,000, with the assurance that that
was ample to procure all the information that
Government mi^htneed for the location of a route
between here and the Pacific ocean. Well, sir,
this $150,000 was expended, and during the pres-
ent f-ession we have appropriated $40,000 as a
deficiency; and now it is proposed to make a fur-
ther appropriation of $150,000 for additional sur-
veys and explorations of this country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Did I understand the
gentleman to say that the assurance was given
that §150,000 would be sufficient to complete these
surveys >
Mr. LETCHER. It was stated in the discus-
sion upon this subject, at the last Congress, that
that sum would be enough for the purpose. It
was then represented that this survey was very
important, and that this Utile sum of $150,000
was all that was needed for the purpose of getting
all the information needed in iegard to that coun-
try.
But it is said now that there ie another Inrge !
tract of country that must be examined and ex-
plored, and that another appropriawm is needed
for this pmpose. Now, ssir,I will venture to say,
that in Uie exploration and examina'ion of that
whole country you can as weH expend $5,000,000
just as wisely and properly as the $150,000 which
it is now proposed to appropriate.
Sir, how long is this thing to go on ? Is it never
to stop? Sir, we have had no report from the
parties who went out on this expedition last year.
It may be that if the report of that exploring ex-
pedition was before the House, weshould find that
we have alieady all the information that is neces-
sary; that we have a practical route—all that is
required by the Government—for this road, it
would be belter, far better, that we should wait
and ascertain the result of the surveys and exam-
inations which we have already authorized and
paid fo'", before we undertake to make provision
to obtain information nj refesenee to some other
loute. I do not understand that we aregoing to con-
struct three or four roads; and if we do not intend
j to do this, what do we want with three or four
! routes? if there is one practicable, route, that is
I all gentlemen need desire. 1 hope that befoie the
; Housr mikes any further appropriation they will
; ascertain the resultof theapnropi mtions they have
already made for the accomplishment of this ob-
ject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. \ hope the
amendment of the gentleman from Yiiginia will
, not prevail. The gentleman stated that it was un-
derstood at the last Congie^s, when the appropria-
tion of $150,000 was made that that was all that
would be required forthess surveys and explora-
tions. Sir, I did not so understands. 1 did not vote
with that expectation. 1 supposed that a like sum
would again be required; and if ins necessary to ac-
complish that pile ;• >--< I am as wuhngto vote for it
as I was to vote lor f1-!. O'igmal appropriation, i
understand that the appi upriation is needed for the
surveys which have already been commenced, and
which are incomplete.
Mr. Chaiunan, the advantages we shall derive
from the information obtained through these &ur-
veys, as far sjs pertains to the railroad, will be very
important. It will justify all the ex lenses of a
practical and feasible route to the Pacific. But ;
aside from that consideration, much valuable topo-
graphical, &eo<rrtiphical, geological, and botanical
information will be obtained. The information that
will be obtained will compensate one hundred fold !
for the expenditure which will be incmred. I hope j
that the amendment will not pievail, and that, with- j
out further discussion, the vote will be token, and ;
the amendment of the gentleman from California '
adopted. |
The question was taken or. Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SOLLER.S. I demand tellers on the amend- ,
ment of the gentleman from California. i
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ewimg and
Curtis were appointed. \
The question was taken on Mr. McDougai.l's
amendment, and it was adopted; the tellers having '
reported—ayes 89, noes 34. i
Mr. RICE. 1 offer the following amendment: 1
For completing the military load from !M>nriota to the ;
Big f*ioux river, in Mi^nun, in iiceoniruioe with the est!
mute iiiiuie by tlio Seorrtarv of War, (i^, said 1
money to be expended under the direction of Ihe War i)e- :
parinifiiu.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 make the question of order, ,
that the'amendment is not germane to th.s bill.
These appropriations have been made heretofore
in other bills, and not m the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. WHEELER, Would not the same leason '
apply to the last amendment:
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire '
if this road has been the subject of previous appro-
priations by Congress ? i
Mr. RICE. It has. .'!
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment in order, upon the ground that j
appropriations have been made by Congress upon .j
the same subject heretofore. jj
Mr. LETCHER. With great respect to the ,j
Chair, 1 appeal from that decision. i;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded;
tellers on the appeal. j
Tellers were not, ordered.
The question was thfen taken; and the decision (j
of the Chair was overruled, and the amendment
decided to be out of order.
The following clause was then read:
"For fuel and quarters, and for mileage, or transporta-
tion for officer* and enlisted soldiers of the Army serving
; i in tin* Coast riurvey, in cases no longer piovided for by tbe-
qimrfeima-ter's department, $10,000 "
-j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
;i strike out that clause.
11 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to amend
! | the clause, before the question is taken on striking
:i out, by adding the following proviso:
:| And provided that no mileage or transportation shall
ij be allowed by tin? act, hi any case, to officers, for themselves
: | and then* bay-gage, over and above the sum actually and
j u< oess-nrily paid therefor.
I will state to the committee, that there has al-
| ready been an appropriation of $12,000 provided in
; this '.mII for officers' transportation. The commit-
| tee also understand that there is, by law, an al-
! lowance made to officers of ten cents for each mile
| they travel*. Under that provision it can readily
f be seen there is a very large degree of favoritism
; practiced; not that I charge anything specially at
! this time.
| Mr. PECKHAM, (interrupting.) Will the
; Chair be kind enough to have the amendment read
: again ?
S The amendment was again reported,
j Mr. PECKHAM. I submit that that amend-
! ment is not m order, and not germane to the pro-
! vision.
i The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
j Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman from New York
, had been giving his attention to the subject, he
| would have seen that the amendment was in order,
j Rut I am now addressing myself to the Chair,
f The amendment which I have proposed is, it will
i be seen, a proper one. As I was going to remark
jl when! wasinterrupled,thecommitteeunderstands
'i that there is a law allowing ten cents per mile to
officer for mileage, transportation, &c. Under
that clause, as is well known, there is a great deal
of favoritism practiced. Not that I want to charge
it upon anybody particularly, but I believe a great
amount of favoritism has been practiced, because
if an officer travel and receive ten cents a mile, and
actually disburse but three cents, you can see there
; is a great advantage in his being sent to travel. I
! propose to correct this, and to provide by this
! amendment that the officer shall only receive that
! which he actually and necessarily expends. And
] that is just, as it seems to me. The question is
i therefore submitted to the intelligence of the com-,
, mittee, and to its justice, without further observa-
! tion on my part in support of it.
; Mr. STANTON. My proposition now pend-
ing is to strike out the whole section; and I de-
| sited, if the floor had been assigned to me, to
i make the same motion in relation to the precede
, mg section. My object is pretty much the same
1 as that of the gentleman from Virginia, fMr.
' Smith,] and he saves me the necessity of saying
anything m support of that view of the subject.
1 But I have another purpose to accomplish. t
wish to bring to the attention of the House and
the country the important fact, that there are over
one hundred of the officers of the Army and
i Navy taken from their regular professional du-
ties, and ernployedin superintending the construc-
tion and management of the light-houses, and en-
gaged upon the Coast Survey—duties which are
: of a purely civil character, and which might be
performed quite ns well bf ^citizens who do not
hold commissions for life. That the country may
know who these officers are thus engaged in civil
dunes, I will give their names in my printed re-
marks. Here is a letter from the Secretary of the
Light-House Board, giving: the names of the offi-
cers employed m that service:
Treasury Department, >
Office Light-Home Hotirii, Man h 11,1854.
Sir : In reply to your communication of the 9th instant,
asking for a list of the officers of the Army and Navy
employed ni the light house establishment, giving names',
tank, compensation. wh«n appointed to such service, antf
under authority of what law,'* I have respectfully to re-
port, that the follow trig is a list of all officers of the Army
and Navy who have been ordered by their r^ppective De-
partment* to perform service of ;uiv description on account
of the light hon?e e^rdiii-thmmu:
Under the act of Pongress approved Auaust 31, J£32, sec-
tion fe>, chapter ] 12, the following officers are employed as
membvis ot -the Light rbnjue Board, whieh was organized
on the 9tl  of Uftnber, 1852.
Commodore Wiliiam J3. Slmbrick, United States ?favy ^
