940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
efficiently, so that their services will be available,
and so that they will not have unlearned m the
field what they have learned at the academy, and
to learn anew, let them ride in the hot sun and in
the ram and snow; let them ride upon the mount-
ains and the hills.
Mr. PECKHAM. Does the gentleman sup-
pose they do not ride in the open air also ?
Mr. JONES. I suppose they do not, since they
want a tiding hall.
Mr. PECKHAM. They exercise in the hall
at the proper time, and at other times in the open
air.
Mr. JONES. Well, you will find that the sun
is too hot for them in summer, and that the rain !|
and snow are too cold for them in winter. jj
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. PECKEIAM. I withdiaw my amendment ;!
to the amendment. ![
Mr. BOYCE. I move to amend the amend- ;!
ment so as to reduce the appropriation to one |
dollar. 1
Mr. Chairman, I suppose no one can be more I
favorable to this West Point institution than I am; |
but 1 think that the true policy of those who are jj
friendly to the institution is to restrict it within ;
the nnriowest circle of economy—to spend no ,;
more money upon it than is absolutely necessary.
Now, is this appropriation absolutely necessary? 'I
By no means. What is the object of this ndmg 'i
school? The distinguished gentleman fiom the/
northwest [Mr, £>isi>KLL] tells us that hie object
in advocating the ruling school is to save the
horses. But what is the object of the riding
school? Why, it is to leach the cadets how to i
ride. Well, there is a better way of teaching them !
how to ride than having a riding school—a very |
simple one, that costs nothing—and that is to !
require the youths to know how to ride before !
they go to West Point. That is the hue idea. !
They are requited now to be healthy, and &tout,
ami hardy, and to submit to a physical examina-
tion; they ought also to be requued to he able to ,
ride like Canmnche Indians. Learning to ride m I
n riding school! Why, the idea is absurd. When
they leave the academy, and take their places in
the Army, they will have to ride among the ,
Indians in New Mexico and California, and will j
riding learned in a liding school serve them then? j
They will have to nde like the Comanche Indians, J
Iik^ the wind, and that kind of nding they <„tn i
only )e.n n, not in a ruling school, but in the open ;
air, on the hills and mountains. 1 say, then, that j
this liding school is not necessary for that pur- ;
pose. !
What is it necessary for, then ? Why, if is only |
necessaiy to te.u h the cadets cavalry tactics—how ;
to ride in squadrons and troops. Thatisall. Well, !
I submit that I here must be sufficient good weather, 1
in the coutve of the year, to emilde them to learn '
those cavahy tactics in the open aii. DtuiligMX 1
months ot the year they can certainly i ide m the ,i
open an ; and, if so, six months is enough. 1 have i
seen good cavalry troops, who acted efficiently in
the field, who did not have ten days' practice m the
course of the year. What do they want to dor
After they once know how to ride, u is very easy
for t hem to become familiar with cavalry exeicises.
Mr. Jiltt^KLL. But how will you teach them ; 1
Mr. BOYCE. You can teach them very easily.
I have seen cavalry m my State that will compare ;
u ith any <\ivalry m the regular Army; and they do j
not piaciiee more than ten days in the comse of I
the year. The gentleman from New York [Mr. j
II ' vlnj speaks of the Mamelukes, and refers to 1
the battle of the Pyramids. They weie the best ;
cavaby in the woild; and why did they not suc-
ceed' Because they attacked hollow squares, in 1
which were placed the best infantry soldiersin the j
woild, with the genius of a Napoleon directing
their movements. What did Napoleon say of
them ? He said, " Give me the Mameluke cavalry ,
and the French infantry, and I will compter the j
world."" ;
Mr. LETCHER. There seems to be a very |
great ditleience of opinion among my Democratic i
fi lends, and I am somewhat perplexed how to i
vote in this conflict of opinion. Here ai e nnhtary
gentlemen upon both sides of the House, and '
each one seems to have a peculiar set of opinions i
of hi* own, differing widely from those of all the !
otheis. i suggest, if the committee will agree to
me, that there is an experiment going on here, m j
Judiciary squaie, which may throw some light i
upon this question. The hippodrome will soon
be prepared, and opened for exhibition, and we
can then see how this thing of riding m a house
will work. [Laughter.] As the matter now
stands, i may give a wrong vote. Suppose I
should follow the suggestions of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] and it should
turn out that I had given a wrong vote, 1 shbuld
regret it very much. Suppose I should follow the
suggestions of the other side, still i might have
cause to regret it.
The CH AIRMAN. The question now is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
South Caiohna, [Mr. Boyce.]
Mr. BOYCE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I otter the following
amendment, to increase the amount $100,in order
to make a few remarks.
Theie seems to be in the discussion of this ap-
propriation of $20,000, as recommended by the
Board of Visitors, very gteat misapprehension in
the minds of the committee. The appropriation
is not asked for a riding school. What is it asked
for then? The Superintendent of the Military
Academy, in his report, which is laid before all
the members of the House, says that the appro-
priation is asked foi cavahy exeicises and instruc-
tion. There is something else to be taught there
than riding, if f understand it; and it is lequired
that instruction in cavalry exei rises &hall tie given.
Every boy of sixteen thei e, I pi e&ume, knows how
to ride, hut it is required, also, that he shall be
instructed in cavalry and swoid exeicises. If
any answer was needed to the arguments of the
gentlemen who oppose tins appropriation, it may
be found in the report of the Superintendent of
the Military Academy, which I have befoie me,
dated last October. 1 will read what he says as
the best reply I can make to all that is said against
this amendment.
1 ie<td fiom a letter of Colonel R. E. Lee, the
Superintendent of the Academy, of the date of
October 8th, 1853. He Hays :
{ cannot help attain calling your attention to the neccs1-
?ut} ol a iiali u>r eavnlty evereise ami ni^-tiucuon. The
knowledge ol cavahy tactics i-s neeesv,n> to the ea<|c^ m
the performance oi dien duty in the -\riny. It i- rccni*.
and a -uilheient number of hoise?., dragoons, and
ea\ all V Hlieei - ii au> been placed at the \cademy lor ilwtr
injunction. Tlx* ilnce higher clas-en ate iiMiiicted in uib
htauUi, and ate divided into MpMd!-, and paiade dailv at
t-fated huma<5 in ihcit other --Indies. Wix-n the \\ eafher
permit-*, the msftuciion is jjiven on the plain; hut from
j-n-pti mliei to June, llie period allotted to tin?. com.se, ttie
woaiher and ground in this eliuiaie sue >') oilen unlit tor
tins e\ercif>e in tin1 open air, thai t'<,r tin; want of a hall the
regular le>-on must lie onnlfed, and the pinvMon an.l ev
petise of men ami hor-es losj to the eotinity, aad the tune
and opportunity lo the cadet- A ^helt< led looiu is <i> ne-
ecsr-ary, in my opinion, tor the piopei and economical in-
 tiuetiou of (in-comse any other, it icqinrcs one of
lai^e dinii n-iuiis, and mil-! he built tor the purpose, A
plan and estimate of Ihe ptopo ed hiiildina liave he<>n -atb-
nii: ted to you. Tuo thousand dollararc ulte.idv appro
jiiiated !<a it- commencement, and the balance ol the esti-
mate, .* 2n,0(J(lj is now ;e-kcd for it.-' completion."'
Young men aie required, for twenty-four dol-
lars per month, to board and clothe themselves at
this institution. They study a greater portion of
the time within doors, and are not expected to go
out like soldiers, in all weathers, and exercise on
horseback a few hours a day. Their studies are
regular and systematically conducted, and a por-
tion ofevery d iy, whether like the three last days
which we have had even m this latitude, where it
has been exceedingly disagreeable to be out—1
say a portion of every day, rain or shine, snow
or hail, this instruction in equestratton is to be
given and ou«ht to be given.
Mr. LILLY. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Tailor,] for various reasons. First, I am op-
posed to the whole appropriation, for the reason
that ! do not consider it necessary. Gentlemen
who have spoken upon this subject have said that
the example furnished us m the Mexican war was
decidedly m fevor of these cavahy officers who
weie trained at West Point. If those gentlemen
wfll but recur to the histoi y of that war, they will
learn that the most successful cavalry otHcer in
that war, and almost the only one that gamed re-
nown, was Colonel May, who learned to- ride in
this city, among the ravines and inequalities of
ground around this city; and 1 undeitake to say
that he was never in a riding hall m Ins life.
If it is absolutely necessary for these oflicersto
be taught ruling m this hall, why is it not quite as
neeessaiy that the men in the ranks should also
be taught to ride? You should, in order to have
an efficient cavalry, have the men trained and
drilled as well as the officers. Yet was it ever
proposed to have a cavalry hall erected for the
purpose of training the men m the ranks as you
do the officers? I also ask these military gentle-
men whether the most efficient portion of tiie cav-
alry tactics is not in the charge? And 1 ask you
how they, the men, are to learn to charge an en-
emy? Are you going to build a riding hall a quar-
ter of a mile long,and teach them how to charge?
1 think the whole thing is an absurdity upon its
face, and I hope the amendment of the Senate will
not be concurred in.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the amendment.
Mr. BfSSELL. I move to increase the appro-
priation JIOO. Mr. Chairman, 1 am sure tiieie
are some gentlemen m this Hail who are labor-
ing under a mistake as to the true state of things
m regard to the West Point Military Academy,
it does not seem to be understood, as a matter
of fact, that we have alieady a riding hall^heie,
and have for the last twenty years kept it up.
A Member. More than that.
Mr. BISSELL Yes, and more than twenty
years. And now gentlemen are hear;! clamoring
against the idea of having a ridmg hailtheieat
all. This is nothing new in the history of this
institution. A riding hall lias been kept up for
this long period, without complaint upon your
part, or upon the part of the people. An appro-
priation was made of $30,000 years ago for that
purpose, and was expended for that object, and
the hull has been used ever since.
Gentlemen talk as if we were about starting out
with a new principle, or about to establish a new
depaitmentof the West Point Academy. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] does not
want a hail to be erected, because he desires that
the hoys shall be exercised on the snow and ice and
sleet, in order to make them hardy; and the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. J3entson] says that the
boys in his Stale can ride well enough, and they
are not taught in riding halls. 1 do not doubt that
the boys in the gentleman\s district can nde as
well as country boys and village boys elsewhere.
But 1 would like to know how the gentleman
from Maine would like to sec his own sons, or the
sons of his neighboi s, charging as cavalry upon a
line of infantry, flow many of them does he
suppose would be sitting upon their horses by the
time the line was reached ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, made a remark not
heaid by the reporter.
Mr. BISSELL. Not even the gentleman him-
self could sit upon hia horse in &u-'h a chaige.
Mr. SMITH. Does the gentleman think we
shall have no cavalry unless we have riding halls
to train them in ?
Mr. BISSELL. I mean to say that you can
have no efficient cavalry without the riders and
the horses being thoroughly drilled as cavalry—
the horse as well as his rider.
The horse must be learned to halt in an instant,
and to plant his feet when he halts so that he will
not ?dip. He must be learned to turn in an in-
stant on a very small space, with other horses m
very close proximity, and on each side of him, so
as not to jostle those on the one side or the other.
And tne nder must learn to hold h s terns in one
hand and to wield his broad-sword with the other,
and m such a manner, too, as not to cut the head of
his own or his neighbor's horse. All tins must
be done, unless you have dry covered earth, as in
a hail, upon ground which is slippery vithice,
or where it is sofwmd miry. Jtcannot be accom-
plished e\ en where the ground is dry and tolera-
bly smooth, without veiy much practice and drill-
ing; and gentlemen can form theirown impressions-
of how much drilling is necessary to complete the
cavalry soldier.
The gentleman from Maine tells us that the
boys m Maine can ride well enough. Sir, [should
like to know if the gentleman from Maine has
ever seen the difference illustrated between volun-
teers, who may have been what are commonly
called good rideis, and cavalry which have been
regularly trained as such? I am sure he can never
have seen it, or he would not venture to make the
statements with which he has attempted to defeat
th'M bill.
We are told—and I fhink it a strong aigument
in favor of this impropriation—that the institution
