1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17 m
man from Virginia. I move to strike out the one
hundred and thirty-ninth to the one hundred and
forty-second line inclusive, as follows:
Fur fuel nndqwnTes-^.nnd for nnlenge or transportation
of officer- and en I Wed soldier* of the Army set vtn  in the
Cnii^t SuivtH, m case*, no jotter provided lor by the quar-
termaster's department, $19,0>>0."
jVlr. T. said: I make this motion for the purpose
of giving the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means an opportunity of explaining the ne-
cessity for this appropriation. I desire that he :
shall give us some information upon this subject,
for I confess that, after many years service in ,
Congress, I am constrained to vote upon these
vast appropriations without any explanation from
any one, and wtth very liule information from the ^
report of the committees. One'reason is, that n is
impossible for members to examine with any mm- j
uteness the reports of the departments upon each j
appropriation. Here is a bill appropriating 1
$8,000,000. fn a simile line there is an appropri-
ation of over ^flOO.OOO for commutation of officers
subsistence, wh>ch 1 do not understand. And
here, in the item whtrh I piopose to stiike out,
is an appropriation of $10,000:
" For luel and quait i s, pnd foi or transportation
for officer- and enlWed soldiers of the Armv .-crvin^ in the
Coast Survey, ni ea-es no longer provided lor by the qtrir-
terMailer's- deput tint.sit.'''
I do not understand that. Why are these cases
no longer provided for m the quartermaster's* de-
partment? These aie officers outside the regular
Army, I suppose. I take it for granted the state-
ment of the gentleman from [£entuckv [Mr.
Stinton] l.-j true, arid that there are officers out-
side the regular Army who still receive the regular
pay of officers of the regular Army of the United
States. 1 say that, if the abuses stated by the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky here, in his
place, do exist-, it is a matter that demands reform
at the 'hands of Congress. If these officers do
receive their tegular pay as officeis of the Army,
and two dollars per day in addition, because thev
are assigned to tire Coast Survey, or because they
are assigned to the Pacific railroad survey, or he-
cause they are assigned to the suiveys of the
northern lakes, I say it is an abuse that ought to
be corrected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman will allow me to correct him, 1 said that
boards were selected out of these Army officers
who received this additional compensation. The
Light-House Board receive, ard the Harbor Im-
provement Jloard receive additional pay of two
dollars per day for each officer.
Mr. TAYLOR. Is that m addition to their
regular pay ?
iVIr. S TANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then it is an abuse that
ought to be corrected. fc>ir, the compensation of
these Army officers is very iaijje. The $8,000,000
appropriated in this bill would furnish an average
compensa'ion of ^ 1,300 per year to ail the offi-
cers and men in the present reduced siute of the
Army. The regular pay of a soldier in Mr.
Monroe's time, I believe, was only about ^,400
per year, arid how, I ask, is this latge additional
compensation to be accounted for? In my opin-
ion, the committee who reported the bill ought to
be piepared to explain it to us. When a gentle-
man of the experience and diligence of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky gets up in his place arid
says that Army officers receive, in addition to
their regular pay, a further compensation of two
dollars per day; when provisions are placed m
this btli for the payment of compensation which is
no longer allowed by the quartermaster, I want to
have the necessity of that appropriation explained,
so that we may act understandmgly. I k my
friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to explain the necessity of this item.
[Here the hammer fell ]
iMr. HOUSTON. 1 thought I had explained
that section a moment ago; J said then as I say
now, that the gentleman from Kentucky is totally
mistaken in the statement he has made, that these
officers are provided for anywhere else than in
this provision in the bill. They are men who have
been detached from the Army proper, and when
they were detached from the Army proper, and
placed upon the Light-House Board, or upon the
coast survey corps, ihey were no longer provided
for by the Quartermaster's Department. And m
relation to this matter, the appropriation will speak
for itself. These appropriations which it is pro- ;
posed to make here were deducted originally m ■
the estimates from the general estimates for the j
Army. There is no such thing as these officers i
being paid twice. It is utterly incorrect. i
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman mean j
to say the statement is incorrectso far as the Light- j
House Hoard are concerned ? 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman i
from Ohio to turn his attention a moment to the !
law which creates- the Light- Hou.se Board. Those j
who compose that board are required, under the j
express language of that law, to be either officers j
of the Army or Navy. j
Mr. TAYLOR. I have no objection to the ■
Light-House Board being constituted of officers of '
the Armv and Navy. I think that was one of the !
wisest things ever done by Congiess. Now, will ;
the gentleman tell me whether it be true or not that !
these officeof the Army and Navy get two doi- i
lars per day m addition to their tegular pay ? ]
Mr. HOUSTON. As I have already stated, I i
do not know whether that is true or not. I under- !
stand from a gent.eman who is connected with >
those offices, serving m the coast survey office,
that the assertion, so far as they are concerned, is 1
untrue. But I propose to refer the gentleman to ;
the law. it is m these words: ;
" Rne. 1;2. he ?/ fuithcr e)uufe<?. That it shall be ;
the dui\' of the Li^ut [{.m-e lioud, i in media'el y after heiutj ;
oii;.tin/A'ti, to atr.mye tin- Atlantic, Gust, pacific,and Lake >
Coa-t- oi the I'i'Med Siau^ tulo hulit hon-e dWnets, not 1
exeeeduui twelve in number, ami tue President i- hereby j
aui'ioi.zi'-i iui'1 o-qt'io'd to direct mat an ofheerot lire Army I
or i\av\ be a—tuned to each dwrief, a< a lujlu hou-e tn-jpec ;
tor, >ut>p ct to, anu tinder the osuer>, oi lire Light Uotw ,
Jioaiil, who-hall icieive for  ueU -ei vice the >ame [>oy and
enrol u ni'iiij- that in wtiulu be <. nftt'ed tu by l«i.v fur tine per- !
toiiuanee oi dn y in the regular line o[ hia profe-^ion, and
no ottiet, except the !eua! allowance per mile wnen travel-
ing umUir orders connected with hi- duty."
Such is the case in reference to the officers serv-
ing in the coast survey. As to the other officers
i do not kuosV, although I h&tdly believe that the
Secretary of War would be guiky of an abuse in
allowing the officers, in the very face of the law,
two doliais per day, when the ie^al allowance of
mileage was not equal to that amount..
Mr. TAYLOK. in reference to that matter I
only know what was stated by the gentleman from
Kentucky-
Mr. STANTON. 1 can prove what I have
saal. It cannot he denied.
Mr. HOUS TON. i have shown that thegentle-
rnan has mistaken m one of his points. I have
not looked at the other, if what is stated be true,
, then the Secretary of War must be guilty of ini-
; propriety. If two dollars: a day m additioi'i be
paid these officers, when their legal allowance for
mileage does not reach that amount, then they are
paid m opposition to the law. 1 want the com-
mittee to remember that this is the only appropri-
ation for these officers. It you strike it out, then
you deprive the Department of the power to pay
thai which the law says these officers shah receive,
if they are allowed two dollars a day, and that is
more than their legal traveling allowance, then i
there is impiopriety on the part of the War De-
pa) iment. Auout that, however, J know nothing.
Mr. TAYLOR. With the consent of the com-
mittee i withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STAN ['ON,ot Kentucky. I renew it. 1
simply wish to vindicate myself* from the charge
of misrepresentation made against me by the gen
' tieman fiom Alabama. 1 am not in the habit of
, misrepresenting, if I know it, and I am too well
i acquainted with this subject to mistake the facts.
; Mr. HOUSTON. I did not charge the gentle-
man with misrepresentation. I said that he was
; in error.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
■ of order. The proposition had been made and dis-
cussed pre and con. Now, when withdrawn, can
it be renewed and again discussed? I am per-
- fectly willing to hear the gentleman, but I want the
1 question decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. STAN 1 ON. That I may he in order
then, I move the amendment, with the word
I "necessary "in lieu of "actual." |
i Mr. Chairman, 1 said that there were certain 1
; boards composed o( military and naval officers, i
for purposes which I indicated, but did not say i
i there was a board of such officeis for the Coest i
: Purvey. Noi did I say that the officers serving :
noon the Coast Survey all receive two dollars per
day in addition to their Arm y or Navy allowances,
All 1 intended to say, or did say, wa*, that the
officers forming these hoatda, by a construction
of law which provided for appropriations for con-
tingencies and extra expenses, not of the individ-
uals of the board, but the boaid collectively, had
their salaries increased two dollars per day, ov6r
and above all other legal allowances.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire'to know if I un-
derstood the gentleman from Kentucky. Do I
understand the gentleman as saying that those
officers get, in addition to their pay and "regular
allowances for travel, fuel, &c., two dollars a
day.
Mr. STANTON. They do. Here is the pro-
vision of the law upon which the Secretary puts
such a consltaction as to allow that sum, and I
will read it to tiie House.
"For repairs and contingencies of harbors and rivers,
and to meet charges fur the transportation of officer*, ar.d
lor luel and qn irn r<, tin; payment of winch i* no longer
made by Hi" quartermaster's departtaen!, and for extra al-
lowances ro meet extra expenses under the t pfceiaf direo-
| tion of the Secretary of War, ^;10,00d.,,
! The officers in each of the boards, viz: River
i and Harb'u Board, for canal around the Falls of
I Ohio, and harbor works at the Atlantic coast, have
j been allowed by the Secretary of War, an addi-
j tion to their salaries of two dollars per day to field
, officers, and one dollar and fifty cents to subal-
| terns.
| Mr. WADE. In the river and harbor bill,
j whi<,h has already passed this House, there are
i three diMtnct appropriations made, in which this
! fame matter is included. In that biil i find the fol-
i lowing:
i; •' Foi i he preservation of public proportyand the contin-
'i :*eii<M"i' oi western river mnirovei.ieitt^, for the aecotnmo-
II danoti Oi iiaiifporiiition, ham.Mir,J, quarters^ and fuel ol ofB-
t' eer-*, m ea^'N no longer provided tor by the quartermaster's
l! dep utnient, and for allowances to meet extra expenses
! i under the speeial direction' of the Secretary of War,
'j ;j;IO,OdU  
1 There are two other clauses in the bill identical
with tins, only that one makes an appropriation
ji of $15,000, and the other of $90,000 for the same
! purpose. I desire the chairman of the Committee
I of Ways arid Means to explain this matter; for it
[ seems that there are appropriations in this river
i| and- harbor biil for transportation, bag^bge, &c.,
j upon the western lake service, and upon the At-
Ian tic service.
i| Mr. HOUSTON. They are provided forthere
]: for the reason that these officers are not provided
, for in the regular Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. Do they not draw their regular
i | pay ?
j Mr. HOUSTON. They draw their pay as
,, regular Army officers, and this is the appropria-
tion to meet it. There is no other appropriation
i: to meet it.
,! [Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, then withdrew
his amendment.
! The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
| ment.
| Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I move to strike out
i the v/ord mileage in the amendment, for the pur-
pose of being able to make some remarks on this
point.
! { desire to say that I regret the course which
i the discussion has taken, i have sat here for a
! number of days and heard a great deal said
! about the Army, about Army officers, and Army
;; superintendents, and I have come to the con-
■' elusion that it must be painful for a man to
i hold a position in the Army. I can hardly
II reconcile it to my feelings that a gentleman can
M now hold an Army office at all, if they are to be
,! treated as members of this committeedesire to treat
: them; if they are to be restricted to the very small-
. e t pittance. They must be always on duty, and
■ ready to meet the enemy at a moment's notice, and
ri yet they are not to be allowed sufficient to hold soul
!! and body together. 1 can hardly see how, under
these circumstances, men can hold office in the
. Army. Sir, this comse of discussion is unjusfto the
: Army And 1 am surprised to seethe gentlemaR
j from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] with his extended
j knowledge of the country, and having spent a
i year or two—I do not know how long—on the
! Pacific, where he must have observed the con-
I diuon of the officers employed in service on that
1 coast, dcRinr^; now to strike off tire IiUfe mileage
