282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
and long will the people of Erie have reason to
curse the short-sighted policy which led them to
resolve themselves into a mob, to do the destruc-
tive and dirty work of Philadelphia, to the ruin of
themselves 
Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the hour to
which the gentleman was entitled under the rule,
having expired.
Mr. RITCHIE, *of Pennsylvania, having ob-
tained the floor, said: As a representative upon
thif: floor from the State of Pennsylvania, I feel
bound by a sense of duty to say a word upon the
subject of this Erie controversy; not that I have
any desire of saying anything in reply to what has
been said by the gentleman from Ohio, who has
just taken his seat, for 1 could not reply in lan-
guage like tnat used by him without transgressing
the lules of the House;., but in what I shall say, I
shall repaid only what is proper for me as a iep-
resentative in part, of the State of Pennsylvania,
arid CiS a member of the House of Representatives
of the Congress of the United S'ates.
I say again that I do not intend to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio. 1 am satis-
fied to leave his speech to the House for their judg-
ment, without any rejoinder. 1 desire that the
interest ot the State of Pennsylvania in these
Eiie squabbles shall be made to appear in its tiue
light; but! confess that, personally, 1 take no more
interest in these squabbles than I do in those of
kites and crows. There has, without doubt, been
too great violence in the proceedings at Erie on
the part of alt concerned in them; but J have
every reason to believe that if the rights of the
people of Eiie had been respected by the people
of the Cleveland section of country, which the
gentleman who last spoke, [VIr. Wale,] 1 be-
lieve, iepre>ents, all these difficulties would have
long asjo been Mettled. But when a State has been
assailed with extreme violence by expressions of
such coarseness as I am sure grated harshly upon
the ears of membeis of ihe House, and with the
m«>st exaggerated invective for asserting its rights
against the usurpations of a railroad corpotation
which had entirely perverted the original purpose
of its charter, it may well be supposed that the
people of that State would feel somewhat ag-
grieved, and that the authorities of the State might
be somewhat slow in granting favois to their as-
sailants.
I will now state what are some of the facts of
the case as they exist, if the committee are not
already worried to death by the time which has
been consumed in the matter.
[Cries of "G-o on!" uGo on!"]
Mr. RITCHIE. In the first place, then, I ask
gentlemen to remember that this railroad, in-
stead of passing between the town and harbor of
Erie, passes at some distance from the harbor,
south of the town—and here I may say that this
ifj the only hnrbor upon the southern .shore of
lake Ene, which is thoroughly and constantly
piofected m ail weather from storms, and which
may be fortified and protected thoroughly against
an enemy in time of war; and in this point of
view it is one of national importance; it is the
only harbor upon the lake in ihe State of Penn-
sylvania, and tor this reason it is not to be won-
dered at that the State of Pennsylvania should
take much inte/e.^t in building up the city of Erie,
more especially as it would be a imitter of national
inteiest whenever a harbor on the lake might be
necessary to shelter a fleet in tune of war.
It is the only plare on that lake wheie vessels
can be protected against storms, and also against
the assaults of a foreign enemy. It is the only
pla^e on the southern shore of that lake which
really has the character of a harbor. The other
harbors on that shore, in Ohio and IVew York,
are very small and hiding indeed. Well, sir, this
railroad running from Cleveland to Dunkirk and
ButTilo, admitting that it is legal, and that no fraud
lias been committed in its const! action, passes on
the borders of Erie, one account says three quar-
ters of a nule, and another a mile and a quarter
from the harbor; so that for all practical purposes
the railroad is useless to Erie, and utterly destruct-
ive to the business of the harbor. It is so far
from the harbor, and the cost of transportation
from the harbor to the road is sue'], that it entirely
prevents any business being done m the harbor of
Erie. Again, still supposing the road to be legal
and proper, there are just as many breaks now as
there would be if the break occurred at Eiie.
The road, four feet ten inches in breadth, passes
along the lake shore from Cleveland, by way of
Dunkirk, to Buffalo. At Dunkirk, the road which
runs east is of a six feet gauge, so that everything
passing east from Dunkirk changes the cars there.
At Buffalo the road diverging to the east is of
four feet eight and a half inches gauge, so that
everything passing to the east there has to change.
Now, what was demanded by the citizens of
Erie was, that the road should be made of a four
feet eight and a half inches gauge, and connected
with the harbor, so that articles shipped to the
harbor could go directly from thereto New York
without a change of cars at Buffalo. In that case
there would be no more changes of gauge than
there are now, and always must be, so long as the
gauge of the Dunkirk road is six feet and that of
the Buffalo road four feet eight and a half inches.
it would not add to the difficulty at ail, but would
simply give the citizens of Erie the right of way,
unobstructed by changes of gauge, to New Yoik
via Buffalo. Now if anything is shipped at Erie,
it must be transhipped either at Dunkitk or Buf-
falo If the change of gauge is made at Erie, all
the products shipped from that town can passat
once, by way of Buffalo, to the east, without
change of cars.
I have said this much in reference to t.he general
subject. With regard to the road from the Ohio
line to the city of Ene, it was hud down without
sanction of law, and in defiance of the authority
of the State of Pennsylvania; and it was so de-
cided more than a year ago by the supreme court
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. W ASHBURNE,of Il'inois,(mterrupting.)
I dislike to interrupt the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, but I desire to ask him a question in
relation to the Franklin Canal Company. Was
not the charter of that company obtained by the
citizens of Eiie for the very purpose which it has
been appropriated to5
Mr. RITCHIE. I do not know how that may
be; hut I will lead the proceedings and decision
of the supreme court of Pennsylvania with regard
to that charier.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if there has been any de-
cision of the supreme court of Pennsylvania upon
that point?
Mr. RITCHIE. There has, and I am about
to read it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If I understand the
matter, there was an application made for an in-
unction 
Mr. RITCHIE. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man further. I will now read the decision of the
supreme court of Pennsylvania. I do not intend
to read the whole of the opinion, but only such
parts as bear directly on the question. Chief
Justice Black says as follows: j
*• Opinion in tukLmce Shore RailrckdCa.se.—Com-
monwealth os. Franklin Canal Company—Opinion of the 1
Court—mack, O. J., Lovvne and Woodward assenting. ]
" The franklin Canal Companv was incorporated by the I
Legislature on ihe 27th of April, 18*14, tor the purpose of re- j
construct)!)# and repairing1 die Franklin division ot' ihe j
Pennsj Ivania Canal fiom lite muoduet over French creek |
to the mouth of Piench creek. By the act of incorporation, 1
the proprietary rights of the State to that division of the |
canal vva> voted in the i ompany, together with the Mir- !
pin-, w.itei powei,toll house-*, implements, and all property, ,
r« al and peisonal, w Inch the Commonwealth owned their, .
tor the u-e ot the canal. On the 9th or April, 1849, the !
company was auibonzed to construct a railroad instead of
repaiung the canal, if they should think it more expedient,
and to use the graded line or towing path of the canal as
Ihe lied of the toad , and hy the same act ihe privilege was i
giwn to the company, uponineiea-ingits stock to §oUQ,0UU. '
of extending its road nortlnvaid to the lake and south to ;
Pitt-buig.
" The Attorney General m the bill before us complains
onbehalt of the Commonwealth, that the defendants, in-
stead of doing what the act ot incorporation and the subse- !
quem laws extending it, authorized them to do, have pro- i
reeded to construct a railroad from Eric to the Ohio State 1
line, without any purpose of making the road between 1
Franklin and the lake, hut with the -ole intent to form a :
connection with a railroad i mining from the State line to '
Cleveland. Tin*, the bill avers, to be sneh an injury to '
the Commonwe-dih as can only he remedied by an injunc-
tioii, because—-1. The Commonwealth is interested m the
proper application of the funds of the company to the I
purpose* for which it was chartered—the Franklin Canal !
being given to it with the right to re.Mime it to the use of :
the State. 2. A lailroad trom Pittsburg to Erie would ;
have hcen tnbut.ny to the works of the State, but the road
actually made will divert the trade and tiavel m another 1
direction, to thedunmution or" the revenues and the detri- !
merit ot the people. 3. The railroad is an unauthorized [
and illegal obstruction of certain public highways across ,
"which it parses. 4. It i  ineon*-is(ent with the policy of !
The State to surrender the advantages which lier position I
gives her of con trolling the commercial intercourse between
Ohio and New Yoik. 5. If this surrender were consistent
wnli policy, it is of great pecuniary value, and could be
disposed of for a large sum.
*' The counsel on behalf of tlie Commonwealth have
moved us for a preliminary injunction, to leslram the de-
fendants proceeding with iheir work or using it until the
final hearing and deteimination of the cause. To*u«tain
this motion, affidavits have been presented, from which it
appeared that the defendants have alreadv mode a railroad
commencing in the cnv of Ene, at the depot of the Erie
and Northeast Raihoad, (which extend*"into the rotate of
New York,) and terminating at the point where die Cleve-
land, Paniosville, and A-htabuia Railroad stukes the line
between Ohio and Pennsylvania Tin- road is now in use,
carrying ihe Height and passengers which arrive in both
directions on the respective roads with which it connects.
" Numeious difficulties m the way fit a preliminary in-
junction have been suggested hy the defendant's counsel.
But lite {{rent central point on which the rights of all paities
must finally turn is, whether ihe conduct ot the company
in making th.' load they have made is authorized by the
charter. It it be not consistent with ihe act of lnoorpoi.i-
uon, then it is a lawless asiin^-ion upon the c!eaie-t right
and tue mo-t valuable piviogative which a Slate can pos-
sess. It is. in vain to deny that the ('ojutnonwealih has an
interest m litis business. To u-ui p the right of eminent
domain, and establish a thoroughfaie !oi the benefit ot
those who are not our eiuzens. hy means of a laihoad laid
down oil our soil, Without asking the leave of ihe govern-
ment, is fOmethniff rnoie than a n.ei e insult ft touches the
revenues of the Commons ealth, a< well as hei pride ; and
it is no imputation upon (he honor ai d magiMinmin of a
State in debt fotiy million*, of dollars to -av tlwiti-he is will-
ing to protect both the pockets and (he feelings o! le r peo-
ple. It is not a disgrace ihat she thinks ot jinnee to her
cieditois before she parts wuh her ic-souices to those who
have no claims upon anything but her courtesy Jftho
railroad complained of has been made in violation of law,
] j it is such a wrong as will *nretv he righted somehow ; and
theretore those who are charged with committing it will be
glad to'have our opinion, whether it be (or them or again-t
them. If it he true that the defend mis have been guilty
of conduct which cannot, and will not be toleiaied, the
soontr they are made aware ot the extreme penl to which
ihe> exposed themselves the better for them. Foi these
reason-*, ptuicipaliy we proceed to examine the charter and
its supplements, and to compare t'nem wall ihe act- of the
company, that v e nia\ **ee how the\ agree together. •
vtThe original act of incotpoiahon make* the company
a gift ofthe FianMiis divi.-ioti of ihe State eanaf, Iioin the
aqueduct to the mouth of Flench cr< «'k, togetln i wuh all
pioperty, real and pei-onal, winch the Commonwealth
owned, for the u.-*e of that canal, and authorize-, the lecon-
slruction and repair of it by the company. The act ofSth
April, 18-19, authorized them, instead oi repairing the canal,
to make a railroad, and to use the towtng-paih tor ihe bed
ofthe road. Another section of the same act contains this
piovision": < That upon the said companv's ineiea-Mog the
stock thereof to ■$."'l!itJ.(lOO. if «iiall have the privilege of ex-
lemhng from the noi th end thereof to Lake Erie, and ftom
the south end theieof to Pittsburg, by such route as the said
company shall deem the most expedient and advantageous.'
It i? on these words that the defendants now rely to make
out die lawfulness of constructing a railroad fiom the city
of Erie to the Ohio Slate line.
'* We will not pause foi a definition of the word cxfp.nH,
nor st p to consider whether the mam purpose of the com-
pany's existence mu.-t be accomplished before an incidental
privdegecan be exercised. We will not inquire whether a
railroad which does not exist can be extended If the de-
fendants had obeyed their charter m other respects-, we would
be too anxious to p otect th'-,m in ihe prosecution of their
enterprise to allow them to be defeated on [Joints so sharp
as these.
" But, assuming that the clause quoted above gives to the
Franklin Canal Company the light simply to make a i.uhoad
from Pittsbuig to Lake Eiie, without any re«tu mm. ex-
pressed or implied, as to the pint of the work which shall he
first done, (and tin*. i> the utmost that oeght to be claimed.)
can we sav that they are within th; Jaw in making a
road from the city of Krie to the Ohio line ; To ibis rjues-
lion the only answer we can give is a most etnphauc nega-
tive. The rnoie we havt leflectcd on the ease, and exam-
ined the affidavits and nrgumenN of the defendants, the more
deeply have our minds been peneiiated bv the conviction,
that the eliaiter creates a simple duty, which has been most
palpably violated.
"No human mind can be to peive.rpoas to doubt that
tlie object of the Legi-iatuie, in pa-sing the act ot 1849,
was to make a connection by lailroad between Pittsburg
and some haiboronthe lake, fn-uadoi ibis, a enuuuc-
tiou has been made between Bulftlo and Cleveland, with
no more practical iegai d for either oi the designated termini,
than if ihe corporators had never heard of them The
State contemplated an improvement which would firing a
certain portioiiof the we-tern trade through her own works
to her own conuneicia! cities. But the privileges -Im: gave
lor that purpose have been so pci vurred (> t > cmrv ih.is nade
away, increasing the wealth, and adding to the advantages
of her rivals.
The road made by the defendants begins at the depot of
the Ene and Northean tailro.id, thiee i]iiarifis oi a mile
away from tlie lake, and one Is nod red and ten feet above 11,
and runs thence as dnectiv as the nature oi ihe ground will
permit to that point on the Ohio Sta|e line wheie the Cleve-
land. Puinc-vilie and Ashtabula railroad no et^ it, a.id these
it stops. The deU-ndant- ask us to give a solemn judgment,
that ihk is extending a load which has not been made be-
tween Piaukliu and lite aqueduc over Kiench Cieek Irom
the north end theioof to Lake Erie. We d" not sav that
then- is any obligation to begin at any one place moie than
ano'her, and it thi> could be properly called a part of ihe
work required, it m ght \ f iv well be changed. Jiut it is
not part of the road chartered ; it is the whole of another
road not chartered. It bears no resemblance to that de-
scribed in the act of incorpmation It is dilleient at both
ends—different in character, location, and object, and is
