1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
allowance they enjoy, and saying that they shall
not have more than they actually expend. Will
the gentleman look at his own case, and apply
bis argument to himself? He travels a short dis-
tance here to Washington, and receives at the
rate of eight dollars per twenty miles. He can
travel here at a cost of five dollars, and yet he
pockets with cheerfulness all the mileage allowed
ftim; and I am lricliaed to think if it were ten
times as much, he would as cheerfully pocket ii.
Let me put this case to gentlemen. The general
in command of the forces will order an officer
from New Orleans to New York, or from New
York to New Orleans, subjecting him to all the
perils of cnolera, yellow fever, and other diseases.
He is required to run all risks, passing through
the varieties of climate, and subject to all diseases.
If he fall sick by ihe way, the payment of his
doctor's bill is of course provided for by the regu-
lations. But he is required to undergo the fatigue
and incur the visits incident to the travel; and yet
vou would deprive him of his ten cents a mile.
It is an unreasonable proposition, and I am
sorry to see us descend to such a question Sir,
I know Army officers serving in Oregon and Cali-
fornia, discharging their duty at these places,
"whose pay does does not subsist them. They
must call on their friends or on their private re-
sources, or they would starve. You see them
dressed in coarse flannel shirts and roundabouts,
which is the best suit of clothing they can afford to
put on. Their pay does not enable them to dress
better, and to subsist themselves.
And now, sir, it is proposed to deprive them of
that pittance, and to say that they shall not have
two dollars a day for extra duty. I do not
know that they get it. If they do not get it, they
ought to;' and if the law does not provide it", it
ought to.
I regret to find this crusade against our Army.
We have in this country a leguiar Army, and it is
necet-sary. Let it be kept up, and let the dignity
of our Army be sustained. We have, in addition
to that, a standing army composed of the whole
people of this country; and whenever their ser-
vices are necessary, they are ready to offer them.
While you keep up the regular Army, you should
provide for them as Army officers and as gentle-
men should be provided for. Why observe econ-
omy in the pay of officers particularly? I hope
the amendment w.ll not be adopted; and I trust
the tcentlcmnn fom Virginia will withdraw the
memlmenf.
Mr. SMITH , of Virginia. I must be permitted
to say, that I am wholly surprised at the remarks
of the gen leman from Oregon. I state this—and
1 stated it in my first remarks—that the proposi-
tion embodied in my amendment is designed to
give the officers everywhere the expenses which
they are actually put to, and thereby cut up a sys-
tem of favoritism which n believed to prevail.
Now, I put it to the committee, if there is favoi-
itiem, whether it ought not tf be arrested ?
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I beg to ask the gen-
tleman a quesiion. The gentleman from Virginia
makes a charge that there is favoritism in the
Army, and that it has been practiced there. I
would like to have him specify the instances.
Mr. SMITH. It is not necessary that I should
do that. I assume that it does exist. If, under
this system, an officer can travel for three cents a
mile, and yet get ten cents a mile, it will result in
favoritism, ft is a charge of long standing. I
know, and the gentleman knows, that in the coun-
try to which he refeis, the amount allowed for
mileage is not enough. In many instances in the
State of California, when an officer is off upon
duty, the allowance of mileage does not pay his
expenses. If the gentleman from Oregon does
not know that, I can appeal to the members from
California upon this floor to substantiate what I
say. The payment of ten cents a mile for mile-
age, then, in that State, will not pay an officer's
way. I want the amendment which I have of-
fered adopted, in order that we may pay to those
officers what they actually expend. My amend-
ment provides that every officer shall be paid what
he necessarily and actually pays out. If there is
cholera there, and an officer cannot travel the most
direct route on thataccount, but has to go around,
and thereby is compelled to pay more than he
otherwise would be obliged to, he ought most
certainly to be allowed the sum which he actually
pays out.
I am perfectly satisfied of the value of this
amendment, i ask, why should ten cents a mile
be allowed to favorites, when it is not airowed to
the great body of the Army—or rather, when the
great body of the Army are not in a condition to
avail themselves of it? Let thil"little picking be
taken ctway, and let the officers have the allow-
ance in another form—in an increase of pay. I
am not willing that this opportunity for pickings
should exist, except it be allowed equally to all,
and it is with this view that I have offered the
amendment, and without any idea of making war
upon the Army, which I am anxious to fnaintain
in its proper dignity and character; and for that
reason i do not want to see officers running after
pickings, in order that they may put a little pelf
into their pockets. Let us have a system; let
that system be effective; let it be adhered to; let
it be carried out ujike to all; let all have an equal
share. At the same time, I wish it to be distinctly
understood that I do not charge these things upon
any one. I am speaking of what we hear talked
of every day, and 1 say the facts should be known.
Some twelve years ago, upon my motion, an
order was made that there should be spread upon
the Army Register the amount of compensation
which every officer of the Army received from
whatever source. It was done for the purpose of
having it appear what they did receive. This in-
formation continued to be incorporated in the Reg-
ister for some years, but it has since been dropped
out; why, 1 cannot tell.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I move, as a
matter of form, to increase the appropriation pro-
vided for in the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, ten dollars.
Sir, I have but a few words to say, and if the
committee will but hear me, I am quite willing
the Chairman shall knock me down at theexpna-
tion of only four minutes. [Laughter.]
I have proposed this amendment so as to enable
me to reply, as briefly as I can, to some remarks,
some heiesies, that have been put forth here within
a few days past, upon the subject of the officers
of the Army, thatought not to go unnoticed in this
debate. m
Sir, I desire to say to the committee that I have
no connection and no particular personal lelations
with the A rmy whatever; but I have sat here, for
nearly'the whole week past,and listened to the dis-
cussion which has been carried on in this commit-
tee, in regard to the superintendency of the armo-
ries; and, as an impartial man, think the Army I
officers have had great injustice done them Irreg-
ularities, and vague suggestions and remarks of
individuals have been seized hold of, and perti-
naciously insisted upon as a disparagement to a
whole corps, when no person was justly respon-
sible for them. And every opportunity has been
taken to disparage honorable men, who, I am quite
sure, sir, deserve better treatment at our hands.
1 do not desire to complain of the past, of what,
we have done, but it seems to me high time to in-
terpose and arrest this tendency of things. Sir,
these men receive very different treatment at our
hands when we are at war, and the country is in
actual danger; and, in my opinion, they deserve
very different treatment at our hands now.
I have no time to speak of the general questions
that have been under discussion in reference to
the officers of the Army and Navy, but I must
say a few words, however, in reference to the issue
that has now heen tendered by the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanto.v,] upon the
very item now under consideration. \ submit to
this committee, and to the gentleman himself, that
the statements he has made here to-day upon this
subject are entirely fallacious, and calculated most
eminently, although not intended, to mislead and
to prejudice our minds. He moves to strike out
this appropriation, made upon regular estimates,
" for fuel and quarters, and for mileage or trans-
portation for officers and enlisted soldiers of the
Army, serving on the coast survey, in eases no
longer provided for by the quartermaster's depart-
ment;" and in order to sustain himself in this
motion, he tells us that these officers and enlisted
men receive two dollars per day extra allowance,
by reason of being employed in the coast survey
service, and provided for in this manner. Such
is the impression he leaves upon the minds of
this committee. And to prove it, and make us
vote with him, he reads from a work which he
has in his hands, that certain boards of officers
which he names, who, in acting as such boards,
for directing the works of internal improvements,
and perhaps the light-house system of the coun-
try, have been allowed two dollars per day by the
Secretary of War, in addition to their regular com-
pensation. Sir, in reference to that I know nothing;.
Whether the allowance by the gentleman ?s Sec-
retary of War to these boards has been proper or
improper, whether it has been authorized bylaw
or not, I do not stop here to inquire. That is a
question he may settle with his Secretary of
War. But, sir, it is not a question between the
gentleman and the officers of the Army provided
for in this clause he proposes to strike out.
Why,sir, I ask, is this statement read hereupon
and against these officers of the Army? For what
fair purpose can it be legitimately used here? None
of these men provided for in this amendment be-
long to the board or boards about which thegen-
tleman reads. It is wholly and utterly foreign to
the matter about which we are legislating; but, sir,
it seems to cast discredit upon honorable men,
unjustly arraigned here, and not habie to the
charge. I do not say the gentleman does it with
any wrong or unfair intention; on the contrary,
no doubt he believes he is correcting a public evil.
Still, sir, it is no less cruel and improper for worthy
officers, to whom the application is sought to be
made. Sir, if there is impropriety in the extra
allowance of the two dollars per day to the boards
mentioned, let the gentleman settle that impro-
priety with the Secretary of War, who has done
the business with those boards, and not charge it
upon this class of officers, who have nothing what-
ever to do with those boards—who receive none
of the money.
But, Mr. Chairman, I said injustice had been
done the officers of the Army within 'a few days
here. I am of that opinion. We ask of them,
and have provided by law, that they shall give
security for the public moneys for public build-
ings and public improvements which we intrust
to their hands. Sir, you ask this of men who
hold our commission, and whom we order, of
right', to any service in this line, and which they
cannot refuse without being liable to conviction
by court-martial, and dismissal from the Army,
and to be held in everlasting disgrace. It is no
voluntary service sought by them; it is a disagree-
able service forced upon them; it is not of their
choice. And you insist upon this security, sir,
from men who, in the Mexican war, disbursed
over $60,000,000 without a dollar of defalcation—
without one penny sticking to their fingers.
This demand is made, too, mostly of the Corps
of Topographical Engineers, who are not unfre-
quently the sons of poor men who cannot furnish
security. Sir, these officers have been the best
and brightest scholars at West Point; and in con-
sequence of their superior proficiency and good
scholarship, owing to that perseverance which
often belongs to humble conditions in life, they
have received the preference upon graduating of
appointments in tHe Topographical Corps. The
greatest security, sir, which such men can give, is
found in the fact that the law now provides, when
they turn out defaulters, it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to supersede their commissions, and strike
them from the roils of the Army in disgrace. That,
sir, has been a security that has never failed. Can
gentlemen say as much of civilians and others,
who have been charged with the disbursement of
publicmoneys? I really wish they could, and say
it truly.
Now, a word more. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and the two gentlemen from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade and Mr. Taylor,] all inquire, and very
properly, why this appropriation for the pay of
officers having in charge river and harbor improve-
ments, and Coast Survey, and other works of sim-
ilar character, is separated from the appropriations
for the Army engaged in the regular line? Why,
sir, my friend, the chairman of "the Committee on
Ways and Means, explained that. These officers
and men are detached for the performance of a
particular service—a particular line of duty—and
their pay is therefore put down, and provided for,
in separate items, under the heads of the service
for which they are detached, and to which they
belong. Those serving regularly in the Army are
estimated for, and appropriated for, under that
