1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
usr*d at this mompnt for purposes totally opposite to those
which the Legislature ever expressed an intention to pei-
imt.
" But they urge that, inasmuch as their act of incorpora-
tion }) :r nUb them to extend the road from the aqueduct to
to tiv* Jake,' hv such route as the said company-hail d<jem
lli ; mos-t c> ped eat and advantageous-,1 thej'rue at liberty
not only to lt'jjiiu at either end or iu the middle, but to de-
viate fri'iu the natural and proper course for any purpose
which may :-e advantageous to ihern ; and thev do not con-
ceal that the profit of a connection w.th the Ohio road is
their motive tor nut king it. Tins is a cr.ive en of. It is not
llieir own, but ihe advantage of the route, as a route, which
tlieyaic permitted to consult. Between two routes they
ni.iy ehoo-e tnooiie which will.in theiropinion, lead them
mos-t advanta^ooiHy to the point fixed bylaw But they
imw i* 't turn asulf t" etFeet another and unauthorized pur-
pose, however piOiitabU: it inaj teOPrn to th« finances of the
company, or the private foil lines or'the stockholders. Eveiy
railroad company lia-«, arid itiu<t necessarily be allowed to
Jiave, the f <ime di-ci etion winch tins one had, rochoo.-e the
be-.r rnme briwciMi fixed pomN, but the authontv to depart
liom the route lia> never before been claimed. No one ever
thought be< au-e the iVimsylvania Kaihoad Company had
a right to choose its route between iiarri&burg and Pitts-
burg, that it therefore had a right to make a road from Har-
n-burg to Ha-ton, or to Sunbuiy, or to the Maryland line, or
that 11 comd begmar Put-tmig and go to Vugmn, jipon tin;
plea tli.it such a location would be be-t lor the interims of
the company. Tht'>e are extreme ea<es, but they illustrate
the piim ipb'. A deviation of hah a mile to efP-ct a lor hidden
purpose is not more Idwlul than if it were a hundred unlet*
out of the way.
" Be-ide-, we hold, without doubt or hesitation, that no
lailroad com patsy rrrn connect with a lorenrn rail toad which
met-N it at tlie State line, tinier expressly authonzed by
i's chait-T, < i unfes> s-ucli connection cannot be avoided
without lo-ing the advantage of what l* clearly the best
route H' i<*i*5 be noi >o,th-e doctrine of Miict construction
is a mockery. The right ol defei mining to what extent, and
m want mannei our lerruoiy shall be nmde a tliomuglifaie
for tin-* benefit ol ton'gn coi poi at ions, In longs to i he State j.
hi itell. It i- t-'O important to the intei es-,1* of out own !
eomincicr. and the pio.-pentv of our own public work-, ;
th.it no propo-al to Mitiender it !>.a^ ever been made with- \
our gtave dclibei.mon, and seldom without more oi
oppo-inoti Tile li.'rce<t of our legislative >tiiig«ies have ,
bei'U upon lull-  i.tnting lights ol way. The State will not ;
be !Hd to h ive p.ut.-d with this nght until sue does* so in ;
plain word-, ot which th« fcens-e cannot be miwt.iken. It 1
will not pa-  by eon-•miction as an incident of die privilege
to make a rail toad between two designated points wilhtti 1
the Statu.-' j
That is the opinion of the supieme court of the j
State of Pennsylvania, pronounced iTiuie than a j
year ago. [
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would beg to usk the 1
gentleman a single question. j
Mr. RITCHIE. I know wluit the gentleman j
wants He wants to know why an injunction was j
not issued. The decision was, that it was a fs and it- .
lent use of the charter of the canal company; but the ,
injunction was refused on the ground that one :
could not be issued without bond from the party !
demanding- it; and the Commonwealth of Pemi- i
sylvania could give no bond, there beins; no oigars j
of the Government authorized to execute it for t
her. . i
I will read now an extract fr«.m the opinion of ;
the judge of the circuit court of the UnU"d States j
for the western district of Pennsylvania: ,
" In the ca-r of the Cleveland, Pamf^ville, and Ashtabula I
Raihoad Company, ts. the 1'iaokhn i «'"al (.oinpam, |
eit\ of Etie, and Motdiy pors-on-T (Circuit court ot the !
United State--, we>tein district of Pennsylvania—m j
equity.) !
a It tiiu^ appears th'U 'he complainants, under a charter •
from the Mate oi Ohio toi making a laihoud within that i
Rtnte have h.'com ' -ii:nehoider-> to the ainmnit ot $ 1 K5«0 ;
ot a capital s-tncJ? or £>l)0,nno, m the Fiankhn Canal Com- j
nanv, chartered bv tne State of Pennsylvania to make a ;
canal or railiond between certain deM<_'n:ited point-, to
wilich the whole ol that capital s^toek could alone be k-git ,
ima'ciy appiooiiated. Has tin58 been done"'
"B\ the agieenient their w.'b a common object wnich
both eonip.uoe- deteumned to effect, and have s nce et-
the makuifif of a continuou- raihoad Irom Cleve^
land in Oluo. abKiLr the Miore ot Lake Faie, lo the ut oi
Erie' in I'e.pi vUaoia. Fo-" th^ pmpov^ the whole a vail-
ahle't apital -nickoi the Franknn Canal Company i- author
/ >d to lie u—d hv she compla nants; then advances
i'e<u:.M !m mort<f!>'i<-*n!i iln.Mo.uh bv wny of In n. \Mth pow.u
I , u.ooiM .ill liie otficct-- and a ent- ol the compaiiv, to re
eei'vViK p,make dMmt-"ni' nW, and fiunllv to con-
duct all in opeiaiion- rhnin^ the corjiorate ex^tencooi the
C'"V/yltue^' conce^-toa-. several of the e--entiai fianehi^
of the Franklin Cnral Companj became nieujed m t.ie
Cl-veland, Pame-viSle, ami \-htabol.i Railro.id t^mpa.-v.
Wlii'thei .tinonuMo -.n-h :m i.bu-e ol the coip'n.ite
nmvers of tin iosmer companv as to doable Ul ' compUiu
!n>tv, Uioweic inrniNtotii-iii, Irom claiming the equit-
ahie mi ano-inoii o( tins, cou.r, by way of inpun tn i. ot
othi rwi.-o', I will o«.t now ^topio nniuo". All di ' availabii
pecu'iiai v rooniee- of the Fiankhn Canal t.ompan} ia\ 
been anpiopnated, and it would -eem exhasiMtd. m maKin§
a road' Hour the ^lafo line to ami h ninn thi.m tiy o, raie
I-tin me rniu! which thev are leqmred to make h\ then
chartei : On tin- p.nt ot the ca-e i am Hievod iron)
makiiiif nnv remaiks, by the opinion oi the Mipreme eomt
of die State, aiven alter a full hparms m the ca-e ot the
Commonwoahh against the Fiankhn Canal Compauv. In
tins opinion I fullv concur, but Irom which, iff differed, I
should feci myself bound to regard as the settled judicial |
interpolation of the several statutes ot the State, under
which the Fiankhn Oanal Company derives it^ chartered i
rights. |
•'The chief'justice, after an examination of seveial acts -
of As etnbly conterring corpoiate piwersonthe Franklin
Canal Company, says.: ' The road made by the defendants
begins at the depot ot the Erie and Northeast Railroad, three j
quarters of a mile from the lakes and one hundred and I
ten leet above it, and i uns thence directly a> the nature of-;
the ground will permit, lo that point on the Ohio Siaie line
where the Cleveland, Pame&ville, and Athtabuia Railroad •
meets it, and theie it stops. We do not *ay mat mere is '
any obligation to be«in atone place more than another; and ,
it this could piopeily be called a part of the work required, I
it might very well be justified. But it is no partot the road ,
ehciru red; it is the wlioh oi anoihci r -ad not chartered. It ;
Dears no resemblance to that described m the act of incorpo- i
ration ; it is difleient at ooth cud—different m character,
location, and ohject, and isu.^ed atthi> moment io« putpo>e > :
totally opposite to those wlncli tiie, Legis-lamre ever e.\- ;
pressed an intention to permit J There was no decree in this ,
case ; but it is not a judgment or deciee, but the intci pieta-
tions and decisions ot the highest conn of the ritate, on :
luaileis ari^iinr out oi then own statutes, which thiscouit .
is bound to regaid. It i^ what, in -mchca^es, ihu\ declared
to be the law, which is the law loi tms couit. A judgment
or decree may be Jor many reasons jendeied mineeevsaiy ; i.
but the law as pronounced must be the rule oi action until i:
reversed. |
"It liun-t follow, from this opinion, that the laihond made ,
from the Male hue wheie it connect-, with the load ot the
complainants along the shore ol Lake En- to the city, and
within the citv of tine, is not the road or anv pa t ot the ;
road tor \. inch a charter was granted to the Fiankiin Canal ■
Company; and as complainants claim under tins chatter,
and do not pretend that there \va  any oilier authority tor j
making it, 1 must com lude that it wa- made without law-
ful autlioutv. and without icgard to the ennnent domain of J
the tftate The duties assigned by an act of mcorpoiation
are comhtions annexed to the grant ol the ti.mcht^es con- 1
feired, and it is a tacit condition ot the giant that toe gran-
tees shall act up to the end or de-ign t>n which they uere
ineoiporati'd. Tln^ the Fiankhn Canal Company have
not done; and alUiough the abu-cs ot then duitn ca.i-
not be iO(|uiied into collaterally, vet it tney aet without
chaiter, and do what is e-seimall> ditleient liom what ihey
aie «unhoused io do, as by making a canal in-tead oi <i ;
r«jad, oi a mad olhei than tnat c\prcs-lv de-ign.iled in their ,
chaiier, they would be tresjia-sing upon the ground they
occupied, and-ubject to immediate piocecdings loi evie- ;
tion, although their charier should not be judicially an- .
nidled.:' i
2vJ"ow, sir, after ihis inroad was made upon the !
ternloiy of PeiinsyUania—after tlie attempt to,
make a road through it, m definnte of luws, and
to the ruin oi" the city and harbor of !^i le—Penn-
sylvania imiy be somewhat alow about gi'tiiiting
privileges demanded of her, but it was bound to i
protect the town and harbor of Ent', as part of her
territory. It was bound !o protcct lliose great
woiksoi intei mil improvement, winch litis costlier
more than forty millions of dollars, tier Le^is-!
huure has a right to delibeiale, ami to Lxainnu:
the subject. They have aUo the light to consult
upon the propriety of granting those piuihjjes be-
fore they accoid iheni.
It is a matter of great consideration to the State
of Pennsylvania lo decide how far she will peumt
roads belonging; to other State* to pass over her ;
territory. If she does choose to permit them so
to pass, she has Ihe light to settle the terms upon
which that permission shall be granted. I have
no doubt that Pennsylvania will be liberal in hei
action, lor socii has been her ch.uacier from the
foundation of her government. Kinducss, cour-
tesy, honoi, and honesty lotni the foundation
upon which the government of that State jests.
Sue took nothmg'bv fraud or force, even from the
oiigiual inhabitants of Pennsylvania—the wild
men found inhabiting her territory. She has al-
ways been characterized by an adherence to law,
and' theiuies of honor and honesty, Irom her first
on,rm to the present hour. Ill past yeais, when
every person expected that the Stale would icou-
riiate her debt, there was not one voice heard
within her botdeis m favor of repudiation. On
the contral •/, t\cry man I ever heaul spejk of it
in the State, demanded thai the legislature, at the
earliest possible period, should levy a tax to pay
the interfston her debt. At the eailiest possible
period alter her Legislature was In ought together
provision for the payment of the intei est was
promptly made.
1 would state, further, in regard to the constitu-
tional power of this House to interfere in this
matter—which is really the grent poiet of intei est
jlerP that it has no power w battler,and that the
subject is entnely foreign to its jurisdiction. It
has' been so ikci'ded by the judge of the circuit
' comtofthe United States m this very case which
I nave referred to It was decided that, under the
power to establish post offices and post roads, the
■ General Government has no right to establish a
road within the territory of any State against its
consent. 1 will read the opinion of the judgeupon
this subject:
cc But the complainants allege that thoy are entitled to
an injunction on another ground. They Jite contractors for
carr>m^ the mad of the United States over the road they
have made, ni lailroad cars from Cleveland to Erie, and
from theti'-e back to Cleveland; and, by ail act of Congress,
this road has been made a po-t road
u The power given bv tho Constitution to establish post
loads ha> always" been construed to mean, and, as I think,
rightly, such inad^as were regularly laid out by authority
ot the State.-, or by counties under the law.-- of the .Stttcs.
The Government of the United States cannot construct a
post road within a Stan1, of this Union without its.consent ;
hut ('ou^re.vf, may declare, that is*"*tibii-h such a road
aheady opened and made a public highway by the diiect oi
indiiect authoiiiy <>«' the Btate.
u The post road^ ol the United States are th(5 property of
the State-* thiongh which they pa^; they may temporarily
part u i th the possession of the m by charter, and the grantees,
\vh lie the charter con unties, have the i ijjht to prex rve such
ro.id, and [irevent their .hreatened destruction. The United
tfute-* have the mere right of transit over these roads, for
the purpose of earning the mail, ami, in ca-c of obstruct-
ing iIikv right, then laws provide an adequate remedy.
The Govei mm nt iMelt could not obtain die injunction ap-
plied lor, to prevent the demotion of a mail load; the
nght to do so follows the light of property or possession ; a
mail connacror, and any oihej per.-on, may have a light of
action for damages m the couik ol the State, tor an obstruc-
tion to a mad load, or the wrong doer there may be pun-
ched by indictment; but no injunction can legally n-suo
upon an application to le^nain a iluoarened injury 10 the
road. This power iniM alwa>s be exercised with great
caution ; to allow it in a ca^c like thi^, would be an alarm-
ing extension ol |un-dieu n, open to gie.it ahn*c^j and ex-
teodirig ovei many thon-amK of mtle-, and to persons who,
as mail eoutiaetois have no mteieht m the roads they pass
over. The actol Congiess making all railroad.- post roads,
means onlv Mich a* have chaiteis fiom the .--everal States ;
it not to he interred that the} intended to do anything ill
derogation of ilie sovereignty of a State, by declaring that
to hea po-t io,ul wlm.li was the work ot an individual or of
n com| ,my, tor Ins or their proht. without law. or u may be
in opposition to law. The load of die complamanis was
made a pot-i in,id, cither iioiu 'ni-'tahcor nu.-r< pte-eniauon ;
ami, it Us to he })ie-uni"<i, w it limn information to the depart-
ment < harged with m.ikmg contiacts tor carding the mail,
tinit it was not authonzed by law.''
ThtU is the ruie laid down by a judge of the cir-
cuit com t of the United States, and if gentlemen
are cmtous to examine further into this trtntter, I
would referthem to Kent'sCommentflries, (volume
1, |wye 267,) where they will find the whole doc-
trine sltitod «t length. It lia« never been claimed,
since the origin of this Government, thatOongress
had the right lo establish roads within the bound-
aries of a Slate without the consent of the States
The only difficulty that has ever arisen has been
in regard to exercising that power where the State
has consented.
I have said all that I intend to say in regard to
this matter, and i do hope that gentlemen here-
after, in their discussions upon this floor, at least
will avoid clamorous invectives against the char-
acters of Stales. Such language as has been used
[ with relerence to this affair is not calculated to
' promote irood feeling among the Representatives of
| the different Slates, nor to advance the business of
: this House.
i Mr. DRUM. \ had not intended to take any
| part m the discussion that has been introduced on
; this subject, and it is with reluctance that 1 feel
l myself compelled to do so. But the State which
' i have the honor in part to represent has been, as
I [ conceive, grossly and unwarrantably assailed
! upon this floor, and any one of us delegation who
: could hesUafe to resent the assault, would be dere-
; bet in lus duty t.s a Representative.
' While i haw occupied a seat u|ion this floor, I
1 lnive been a witness of the ,<rre.it nnxiety of mem-
. hers of this House to make speeches upon any
1 and every .subject: bur, mini now, I have not heard
1 delivered a speech so utterly uncalled-for, both in
legard to it.; facts and the occasion taken to make
n, as the speech just now made by the gentleman
from Ohio. Theit* can be, str, no occasion for
i any discussion of the questions sprung upon us %
' hete. The General Government has not heen,
■ Mid con not he, called upon to act in the premises;
and I am therefore at a loss to know why it is that
an occasion has been deliberately souschf, not only
to introduce a subject of discussion which i« for-
ei-',, to the businc.su of this House, hut also to
i jeek in that occasion tl-c means of attacking, with-
out cause and without proof, the character of tile
■ ! .nvwiir.lent and people of Pennsylvania. Sir. the
Sentlernan has informed the coiyiinittee that he is
desirous of creating a public opinion on this sub-
iect outside of this House. If that be indeed las
,] object, the gentleman ought to know that he has
P mistaken his tubuna), and that this is neither the
