1802
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
eminent in the service, and distinguished by their
deeds for their country, and they are worthy of
the kindest consideration from the Congress of
their country.
But, Mi. Chairman, when I hear it stated, as
it has been by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mi.
Stanton,] that abuses, such as he specifies, do
exist m the Army, and wh*n ! hear the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] charging that favorit
ism does prevail in the Army, I am bound, by my
sense of duty, to call upon the Committee of Ways
and Means to explain some of these items.
Sir, this bill appropriates $8,000,000, and if we
had not bee.n engaged so much of the session, and
consumed so much time, upon important national
questions, 1 should have desired to call upon the
Committee of Ways and Means to explain every
item of the bill; and I believe we should be in-
clined to cut it down more largely if we under-
stood it. 1 hope the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Faulkner,] the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, has his amendment ready,
and that when we get through the Hems of appro-
priation m this bill, he will offer the Senate bill
reforming the Army, as an amendment or addi-
tional e-ection, and I,for one, am ready to vote for
it. I am leady to vote for a reform of the Army,
to pay out soldiers better, and to put our whole
military system upon a better footing than it has
been for many long years. I am aware of the
fact that you cannot get men to serve in your
armies at seven dollars a month. They oaght to
be better paid, and I would reform the Army so
that the pay should be more equal and just.
I wish it to be understood, by the committee
and the country, that, in moving to strike out the
item of $10,000, 1 wished to elicit the very in-
formation which has been given to us by the
chairman of the Committee of Way« and Means,
and by the gentleman from New york, [Mr. Ha-
ven;] because, by voting for it without that ex-
planation, after the decimation which was made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Stanton,]
that the officers of the Army were receiving, in
addition to their regular pay, two dollars a day,
and large extra allowances, we should stand, m
the estimation of the countty, as giving counte-
nance to tins extra pay, a charge which I do not
wish to subject myself to. At the same time, if
the officers and men in the Aimy aienot suffi-
ciently well paid, no man would be more ready
to make a reasonable increase of their pay; but I
would, while I would increase the pay, increase
the work also.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 want to occupy a little
time in explaining the paragraph which was read
by thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Sianton.]
When 1 was upon the floor before, and he asked
me in refetonoe to that two dollars a day, I had
riotsten the book. It is a document which hud
not before been in mv hands, and of course I
could not explain it. But. 1 have the book now,
and I undertake to say to the committee that the
gentleman has entirely mistaken the construction
which the Secretary of War mad#, in allowing
that which, he says, the law did not justify. 1
would like to have the gentleman answer me if he
did not vote for the river and harbor bill of the
lust Congress ?
Mr. STANTON. No,sir. I never voted for
such a bjl) in my life.
Mr. HOCJS TON. Whether he voted for it, or
not, Congress passed it, and in that appropriation
bill there is an item introduced for the expiess
purpose of allowing these two dollars a day; and
I cannot see how it is to be brought up here as a
charge egainst the Secretary of War that he has
abused his power.
The clause to which I refer, in the river and
harbor bill, is as follows:
" For repairs and contineencies of harbor4? and rivers, and
to jneH charges for transportation of ofliceis, and toi fuel
and quarters, the payment of which is no longer made by
the quartermaster's department, and for extra allowance to
m*et extra expenses, under the special direction of the
Secretary of War, $10,000."
Now, sir, the Secretary of War has not ex-
ceeded the authority given him by law. You have
made provision bylaw for these extra allowances.
You not only make provision for travel, for com-
mutation, for fuel, for quarters, but in addition to
that, you made an extra allowance to meet the
extra expenses of these very officers; so that
the Secretary of War has administered the law
according to the true sense and letter of the law
itself.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama will allow me a single word, I have here a
letter from Lieutenant Kurtz, communicatea to
the Secretary of War, and by him communicated
to the select committee of which f am a member,
in which he says:
"The memheisof the Board of River and Harbor Im-
provements receive a per di+'in of two dollars when the
board is in s*esnoij. This hoard was eon^tinjU'd by order
of September .5, 1H5*2, of'the Seeretaiy'of War, and was in
session from November 24, 185-2, to July 11, 1853."
Now, sir, according to this letter, this allowance
was given to these officers during the session of
the board. That board was constituted by the
order of the Secretary of War alone; and f should
like to know what^xtra expenses could be incurred
by these officers while the board was in session?
They are allowed by law for their fuel, for sub-
sistence, for quarters, for transportation, and I
should like to know what other expenses they
could incur to make necessary an increase of
salary, that they do not incur whiie on military
duty?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not here to audit the
accounts of these boards. But ( am here to ex-
plain this provision in the bill, if I can do so. 1
said the Secretary of War had carried out the
provisions of the law in making extra allowance
to the officers of this river and harbor board
Here is the law which makes provision for extra
allowances to meet the extra expenses of this very
boaid. Theseofiicers are allowed two dollars and
one dollar and a half per day, and no extra allow-
ance is given to any other board. 1 undeistood
the gentleman from Kentucky to say, when he
was up before, that this extra allowance was given
to the Light House Board.
Mr, STANTON. I did.
M r. HOUSTON. Where is the evidence of it >
Mr. STANTON. Here m the book ( hold in
my hand.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is the report of the
Secretaty of War in reference to this subject, in
which he enumerates the three boards which re-
ceive the extra pay. The first board is for river
and harbor improvements, tor which field officers
are allowed two dollars per day, and subaltern
officers one dollar and fifty cents per day. The
second boaid is for additional canal around the
falls of the Ohio. The military officers are al-
lowed two dollars per day, and the civil eight dol-
lars, and transportation. This board has ceased.
I'he third board is for harbor works on the At-
lantic coast. The military officers are allowed
two dollars per day. There is no Ltght-Hou:-e
Board in all these, and there aieno other boards
which receive extra compensation. The law f
presented before, ! presented as laying; down the
line of duty of the Secretary of War, m iefer-
ence to these boards. Under that law he has con-
stituted three boards to take charge of these river
and harbor improvements. That is all he has
done. The river and harbor bill, from which 1
tead before, made that his duty; and I think the
same provision is contained m the river and har-
bor bill which passed the House a few dayssince.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will turn
to page 119, he will see that officers of the Light-
Hoiuse B> ard. belonging to the engineer corps, are
set down with others. Colonel Abert, after enu-
merating the officers connected with this Board,
says :
" Under the law of Aumist 30,185:5, a per diem of two
dollar*, additional vva< paid toortieer-'ofthe Board of Enjit
neer-. to meet extrn expenses, under the special duecuon
of the Secretary of Warj but tins was not considered ad-
ditional pay."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurring on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment, it was taken, and the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to move the follow-
ing amendment:
Add at the end of the bill:
Sec. 2. yivd he it further enacted, That of the appropri
ation of $50,000 for continuing the topographical and hy-
drographieal survey of the delta of die Mi^ihsippi, with
puoii investigation as may lead to d«*fermine the moet prac-
tical plan for securing it from mentations, approved Augast
31,T852, the sum of $5,000 may be applied, under the spe-
cial direction of the Secreiaiy of War, to The payment .of
any expenses connected with said surveyand investigation
incurred prior to the 1st daf of July, 1852.
Mi. Chairman, there is a small indebtedness
growing out of former appropriations to the ob-
ject specified in the amendment; but the restriction
of the bill of the last Congress prevents the pay-
ment of that debt. The amendment is to remove
the restriction and pay the debt.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend by
adding the followumas an additional section:
Sec. 3. dndbeit further enacted, That the Secretary of
Wai be, and hev* h«-reby, audi mixed and di reeled tu exam-
me into and ar-ceuain the amount of expense- inemred by
the State of California, in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities within the^aid State, prior to the l>t of January,
Anno l.'ornuu, lb&4,«\ml thAt the arnountot t-uchoxpenso-,
when so a^'Ttauo'd, be paid into the treasury of lie sard
State : Provided. That.ihe >um < > paid --hall not e\cee < in
amount the sum fit $924,259 6i; which amount is heieby
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. Chairman, this proposition, in the form of
a bill, was reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, with the instruction that it be moved
as an amendment to the Army bill. 1 sought to
obtain the floor when this bill was under general
discussion, for the purpose of speaking to this
particular matter. Opportunity was denied me,
tn consequence of a rule adopted, that ail debate
should be on the question pending. I have caused
the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
to be laid on the desk of each member, and I hope
that the committee now understand the question,
it is impossible for me to make an explanation of
it in five minutes.
I will stafe that this appropriation is to pay the
debt incuried by the State of California in main-
taining her frontiers against tndian invasion.
Owing to the peculiar condition of California, the
'Federal Government has not been able to main-
tain any considerable military force along that
frontier. It is well understood that there are
numerous powerful tribes of Indians inhabiting
the borders of that State. They have been en-
gaged in^almost constant war upon our people,
and the ^ffeung State of California, without any
money in theTreasury,and withoutany resources,
has been compelled to perform the offices of the
Federal Government, and maintain a series of
wars which have involved her in a debt of
$1,000 000. The State of California is now pay-
ing an annual interest upon thatdebtof $80,000—
a debt incurred because the Federal Government
was not able to discharge the first and highest
obligation imposed upon her by the Federal Con-
stitution—the obligation to defend the State against
the hostile and savage tribesmhabitingits borders.
It will be perceived that this*amendment makes
no absolute appropriation, but provides simply
that the State shaU be paid the amount which
the Secretary of War shall ascertain to be due.
The State has actually paid the amount of nearly
$1,000,000. Theie can be no question about the
absolute obligation upon the part of the Federal
Government to maintain the frontiers of Califor-
nia. Not having discharged her obligations, but
having imposed them upon the State, there can be
no question that the Federal Government is bound,
to reimburse to the State of California the ex-
penses incurred by her. I call the attention of the
committee to the fact, that in every instance where
incursions have been made by hostile Indians,
and the General Government has failed to furnish
adequate protection to the frontiers, and the States
have in consequence been compelled to call out
their own militia, the Federal Government has
reimbursed their expenses. She reimbursed to
the State of Georgia the expenses incurred by her. •
In the case of Tennessee, Louisiana, Missouri,
Michigan, and Illinois, the expenses incurred by
them in defending their frontiers against the In-
dians were reimbursed. Jt has been always de-
termined by Congress that the Federal Govern-
ment was bound to meet the expense* incurred by
the Suites in defending their frontiers.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am opposed to the
amendment, and I aek for a vote upon it.
MgjMACY. I move to amend theamendment
so gipi increase the appropriation five dollars.
Mr! McDOUGALL. I am opposed to the
amendment. TRe debt incurred by theStateof Cal-
iforntahas not been improvidently incurred. I have
before me a lettfer from the Gt-nferal commanding
