944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
preme Court, the benefit shall accrue to the indi-
vidual who shall be adjudged to be the discoverer,
and that this old assignment, which was made in
a very early stage of the history of the discovery,
and which does not apply at all to the existing
state of the case, shall not interfere with the de-
cision which the court may make. I move the
amendment at the request of both the parties prin-
cipally interested, and I hope there will be no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I regret that I failed this
morning to bring up some papers connected with
this subject. 1 wish now to ask that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, in order that I may produce those pa-
pers. I have in my possession a letter from Dr.
Jackson, and one from Dr. Long, of Athens, in
the State of Georgia, on this subject. Dr. Long
is a .very young man, buthecommenced his prac-
tice as early, I think, as the year 1843, and has,
therefore, been over ten years in the profession.
The evidence which I have will, I think, establish
the fact beyond controversy, that this young man
applied this discovery in the same form in which
it is said to have been applied by one of the thiee
individuals mentioned. I have forgotten his given
name, or I would propose to insert it in the proper
place.
Mr. EVERETT. It is provided for by the
general provision allowing all persons to come m.
Mr. DAWSON. I know that, but I wish Dr.
Long to stand among the four named in the bill
as one of the individuals who, in all probability,
made the first discovery. Perhaps it would be suf-
ficient to put in " Dr. Long, of Athens, Georgia."
Mr. WALKER. I will state to the Senator
from Georgia that 1 heard of this gentleman, and
procured of Mr. Hillyer, of the House of Rep-
resentatives, his name, and I thought I had it in
my pocket, but 1 have lost it. The terms of the
bill, .however, are broad enough to embrace him.
Mr. DAWSON. But 1 wish to have him dis-
tinctly mentioned m both sections. I move, there-
fore, to insert the name of « Dr. Long, of Athens,
Georgia," m every place in the bill, where the
runnes of Dr Jackson and Dr. Morton occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire either to make a simi-
lar amendment, or to ask that the bill shall belaid
over until to-morrow. I have no doubt myself
that another gentleman than any of those who
have been named, is the discoverer of this reme-
dial agent, whatever it may be. I am satisfied
that I can show to the Senate, beyond a doubt,
that Doctor Samuel Guthrie, of New York, made
this discovery as early as 1831. lie is now dead,
but liis heirs are living; and they have had a cor-
respondence with me this winter on the subject.
1 have then letter, and the iet'erenet-s winch they
make to authorities a< knowh'dging him to be the
discoveier; and this acknowledgment « from New
England 1 ask then that "the Jieiis of Doctoi
Samuel Guthne, of New York," shall he inserted
in the ptoper place.
Mr. EVERETT. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts an amendment, which I
think ought to be appended to this bill, to carry
out its objects. The latter part provides, that if
it .shall appear that any of these persons claiming
the diseoveiy has a patent, and if the court shall
debtee the sum appropriated to belong to him, it
shall not he paid to him until he surrenders his
patent. It will be seen, therefore, that this bill
proposes to try the validity of his patent; and, as
a matter of course, if the court should determine
to pay this money to any other person, it would
deteirnine the question of priority of discovery—
the veiy foundation of the patent. Hence, I sub-
mit that the bill should further provide, that if the
decree should be 111 favor of any otbei person than
the patentee, the patent should be thereby an-
nulled.
Mr. EVERETT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. STUART. Then 1 move to amend the
bill by adding:
1'roii'Jr-d, fin titer. That 11'the decree shall !>«> in favor of
am p;> r!\ oilier than the one holdup a patent for the said
di-^o\<jrv. ir -nail be the duty uf fho said court to decri e
furthet, that any \i Uent so held by any paity to the proceed-
ing- -hall be null and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. It fras just been suggested to me
that Dr. J. G. Dickinson claims to have made this
discovery; I move, therefore, to amend the bill by
inserting his name.
Mr. EVERETT. I have no objection to that,
though there is a general clause which covers all
the claimants.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, " Shall
the bill be engrossed, and read a third timer"
Mr. MASON. Mr, President, I do not know
much of the meiits of the alleged discovery, but I
cannot for my life see any earthly jurisdiction in
the Senate either to pass upon its merits, or to
compensate the alleged discoverer. 1 recollect a
discussion which took place upon it heretofore,
when some gentlemen entertained different opin-
ions from those which I entertain; but i should
regret that it should pass into a precedent, with-
out its appearing upon the record how the vote
stood; I trust, therefore, that the Senate will
indulge me with the yeas and nays upon the
engrossment of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. Since the yeas mid nays are to
be called upon this proposition, and 1 am to be
required toieeord my name, as I shall do, m favor
of the passage of the bill, f wish to say, m a single
word, why 1 do so. That the Government has
the light to pay for the use of patents, or for the
use of things which have been patented under the
authority of law, is established, as far as we can
establish it, by precedent; and 1 risk nothing in
sayintr, that in more than fifty cases has the Gov-
ernment paid for the useof patents. We paid Mr.
Cole, Dr. Maynard, of this city, and various
others, for the use of patents. There are many
such cases, which I have not now in my mind,
but which can be established by reference to the
records.
In this case, after a careful investigation of all
the facts in reference to it, I state it to be true,
that the Government has for years used this patent
without paying to the patentee one solitary six-
pence. In all your hospitals, on boaid of all
your men-of-war, habitually during the late war
with Mexico, and wherever your Ai my and your
Navy surgeons aie located, this discovery has
been used without the Government paying or
pretending to pay, in any manner, shape, or form,
anything to the patentee. That being true, I
hold, that according to precedent, you are bound
to pay, and by the facts of this particular case,
you are especially bound to compensate the pat-
entee for the use of his discovery.
That the importance of the discovery may be
known, as it stands in my mind,! will simply re-
mark that for more than two thousand years the
world has been in search of this disfoveiy. At
last it has been made. It is the most important
boon, ( think, which has been given to mankind
for many centuries. When the Government has
taken possession of it, and is using it without pay,
without compensation, and without acknowledg-
ment to the patentee, its acknowledged discov-
erer, I think we ought to pay for it. I do not de-
she to detain theSenate. 1 rose merely to put upon
the record some justification of the vote winch I
intend to give.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
V EAS— fUe-^is. Adam^, Bright. Hi own, Cha<e, Cooper,
Kverett, 1-V—endeii, Fi-h, Foot, Geyer, Jnhn-ou, J one- of
Iowa, Join-* of T< iHies-Jcc, I'ettit, Sebastian, Sowaid,
Shields, Sumner, Thompson ot Keutiickv, Thomson of
New .lei-ey. Wade, Walkei, Wei lei, and W't iirht—iM.
NA ViS—MeM-r-. Allen, Atolir-on, Oiodhead. Chu. Daw-
son, Dodfje of Wwohhi), P.v.m-, Fitzpatiiek, Hunter,
Ma-on, Ku-k, Siuieil, and Stuart —13.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
On motion by M r. WALKER, the Senate re-
sumed , as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the House bill " to «rant a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of the public
lands to actual settlers."
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill in the
sixth section, by sinking out after the woid" in-
dividual " to the woid " and. 5 The words pro-
posed to be stneken out 01 e, " a 1 esident of any
one of the States or Territories, and." The object
of my amendment is 10 strike out the limitation
which restricts the benefits of the bill to persons
who are now residents of the United States, and
prevents its operating in favor of those who may
come into the country after its passage. I can
see no good reason for the distinction now made
in the bill.
I am willing that foreigners who come into this
country, and go on to the public lands and settle
there and labor for five years, should then have
the advantages of this law. I am willing, so far
as I am concerned, that the law shall operate as
an inducement for such persons to come here and
settle our public lands. The effect of the amend-
ment will be barely to strike out this restriction,
and to make the bill operate in favor of all foreign-
ers who may come in hereafter, as well as those
who are now here. That is the only object of the
amendment.
Mr. WALKER. Will not the effect of that
amendment, in this connection, be to confine the
benefits of the bill entirely to foreigners ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; the first section provides
for all who are now residents of the United States.
They are provided for without this section, and
this amendment will only strike out the limitation
to which I have referred. Let the section be read
as it will stand if amended, so as to ascertain
whether I am ri<jht or not.
The PRESI DENT. The section, if amended
as proposed to be amended by the Senator fiom
Ohio, reads:
" I f any individual now not a citizen of the United Stales,
but at the time ot making such application for the benefit
ut ilih act, '•hall have filed a declaiation of intention as re-
quired bv the naturalization laws of the United State-!, and
shall become a citizen of the same befoie the i-Miance of
the patent, as made and provided tor 111 this act, «hall be
placed upon an equal tooting with the native-born citizen
ofilie United States.''
Mr. ADAMS. I cannot, Mr. President, vote
for the amendment of the Senator fiom Ohio.
Since I have had the honor of a seat here, I have
been very anxious for the passage of a bill to re-
duce the price of the public lands. My own
opinion is, that a proper graduation of the price
of the public lands, so as to dispose of them at
their intrinsic value, will be worth a great deal
moie to the country than what is known as the
homcstead.bilf. I am opposed to the principle of
this bill which, disguise it as you may, is at last
but taxing one portion of the people for the ben-
efit of another; taking money out of the pockets
of a portion of the people, and placing it in the
pockets of others by legislation. However merit-
orious, and however deeply my sympathies may
be excited in favor of the necessities of the poor,
1 consider this bill a violation of principle, a prin-
ciple which I look upon as almost vitally import-
ant to the legislation of this count]y.
But, sir, the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio is, that you shall not only tax one portion of
the people for the benefit of another, but that you
shall tax the native born and adopted citizens of
this country for the benefit of foreigners; that you
shall say,by this bili, to every man who may reside
without the limits of the United States, if he will
come here, that your citizens shall be taxed to the
value of one hundred and sixty acres, and a bounty
of that amount of land bestowed upon him. To
that 1 am opposed.
1 have no hos'ihty against foreigners. My friend
from Iowa, the other day, 011 a collateral issue, on
a question which came before the Senate, remarked
that 1 had deserted him, and those who act with
him, on this bill. Sir, I am not conscious that I
have ever favoied the bill, or the principle of the
hill; therefore, 1 am not a deserter from it. I think,
if we will cast our eyes aiound us, we shail see
that the time has passed when it is necessary to
hold out inducements lo individuals to emigrate to
this country. Myfiiend from Iowa said he hoped
the time would never arrive when the people of
this country would cease to remember with senti-
ments of gratitude, the claims of the deeendants of
the Lafayettes and Montgomeries, and others who
aided our fathers m the Revolution. I hope so too;
but times have changed. The time has ceased, in
my humble judgment, when we should continue
to hold out other and different inducements to in-
dividuals to immigrate and become citizens of this
country, than aie attended by the character of our
institutions. I would not change the policy of
this Government, and refuse to hold out induce-
ments such as we have heretofore held out to for-
eigners. 1 desire to see this country continue to be
a home and an asylum for the oppressed of all
