THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
time nor place for the manufacture of public sen-
timent upon any subject. I think he even mis-
takes the character of the people when he would
endeavor to produce the impressions such as may
legitimately bd drawn from his remarks upon the
people of his own State of Ohio. Whatever may
be the depraved taste which delights in listening
to remarks such as have been indulged in by the
gentleman, I am far from believing that the people
of Ohio possess that kind of taste. Sir, what are
the facts presented here, and what the arguments
upon which the gentleman bases thegrossand un-
justifiable attack upon the integrity and faith of
Pennsylvania? The complaint made is that the
people of Erie county, in Pennsylvania, have re-
sorted to lawless force and violence to redress some
imaginary wrongs. Grant, if you please, that it
is so—that a very small portion of the people of the
State have transcended the bounds of legal re-
straint, and been guilty of undue violence—does !
such a state of facts at all justify the wholesale
charges made against ourgovernmentand people?
Why, sir, any man with two consecutive ideas
can see that the premises do not justify the con-
clusion; and that if even the people of Erie county
have been guilty of unlawful violence, it does not
follow that all Pennsylvania is responsible for their
conduct. Taking, then, the assumption of the
gentleman in its fullest and broadest meaning, it
by no means justifies the charges he has chosen
to make.
But, sir, let me go one step further. The gen-
tleman himself stated to the committee, and it is
undeniably the fact, that no longer ago than last
year the Legislature of Pennsylvania repealed
the laws of that State which prescribed particular
sizes of gauges for particular railroads; and that,
as the law of that State now stands, a railroad
company is at liberty to adopt any sized gauge
that may be most convenient. Now, sir, with
this fact staring him in the face, thegentleman has
ventured to charge Pennsylvania with a degree of
selfishness inconsistent with her relations of comity
and good faith towards her sister States. Our
Commonwealth lias heretofore, by her laws, pie-
scribed the size of gauge for each particular rail-
road in her territory; and after a serious contest
in her Legislature last winter, all such acts of As-
sembly were repealed, and each company was
thereby permitted to regulate, as it saw proper, the
gauge of Us track. Now, sir, the purpose and in-
tention of all this was that the commerce, not only
of Pennsylvania, but of other States, should be as
unrestiicted as might be compatible with our own
paramount interests; and that the products of all
should have free and untrammeled access to what-
ever market they might choose to seek. Yet, sir, in
the face of this statement of his own—in the face
of this evidence furnished by Pennsylvania, of her
disposition to deal liberally with her sister States
of the Confederacy, you are toid that we have
been utterly regardless of the rights of others, and
of the courtesy due to neighboring States as mem-
bers of one nation. Sir, the gentleman's own
statement shows most clearly the wrong committed
by the charge he makes. There is no justification
for such a charge. The gentleman cannot justify
himself to his own sense of right; he cannot jus-
tify himself to this House, or even to the constit-
uency that sent him here, in making a charge so
utterly groundless, even upon his own statement
of facts.
Hut the gentleman from Ohio has gone even
further, and he has dared to make an appeal to
honorable members of this body to join with him
in a scheme to plunder the people of Pennsylvania.
He proposes to punish our State for an alleged
injury to the West committed by a small portion
of our people, by depriving her of the benefits to
which her impoitant manufacturing interests are
entitled from the legislation of this Government,
and he has appealed to the cupidities of other
States to aid him. Sir, T do not know what the
gentleman's constituents, or the people of Ohio,
may think of such a proposition as this, but sure !'
1 am, that the gentleman had no warrant to expect ||
honorable men here, representing other portions |j
of this country, to unite in any such unholy alii- j!
ance for such a purpose, i know not what his jj
opinions may be of the gentlemen composing this ;|
House, to whom he has ventured to moke such a j!
proposal, but it is not difficult to divine what their I!
estimate, and the estimate of the whole country, Jj
must be of the proposal itself. T have very erro- jj
neously judged the character of this House, if
such overture would not be spurned from it
with disdain, no matter what may be its opinion
of recent transactions in the county of Erie. But
be that as it may, sir, I know how Pennsylvania
and her delegation here ought to and will meet the
threat contained in the gentleman's degrading
proposition—she will meet it with the scorn it
merits'.
But the gentleman has seen fit to indulge a
satirical wit and pleasantry at the expense of the
people of Erie county, most of which, however,
unfortunately for the gentleman, lacks the merit
of originality, and has been going the rounds of
the newspapers for the last four or five weeks, j
One specimen of the gentleman's wit [ could not
but remark, as it contained a most fragrant allu- ;
sion to a certain animal which always showed j
fight m defence of its lover, and I could not help \
drawing from ittheconclusion,thatwhile the gen- j
tleman confessed his ignorance of the rules of the 1
House, there are some other rules equally import- |
ant to the well being of society, of which he '
seems to be also ignoiant. I will now,. Mr.
Speaker, state the character of these transactions
at Erie as I understand them, and in doing so, I
do not desire to detain the House longer than is
necessary.
Of the two railroad companies involved in the
difficulty, the one called the Franklin Canal Com-
pany, as has been shown by the remarks of my
colleague, [Mr. Ritchie,] is in existence without
the shadow of legal right. It has no legal chatter,
and the solemn decisions of the judicial tribunals
of Pennsylvania have been pronounced, declaring
its franchises void. So far us it is concerned, any
effort to occupy either public or private property
by its track might be legally resisted by anybody.
In regard to the Northeast Railroad Company, it
would seem that when it was chaitered, and the
road constructed, it was constructed with a six-
feet gauge, and that it was allowed to be made with
the expiess understanding,and even deliberate con-
tract, that such gauge should be preserved. The
Franklin Canal Company having a gauge of four
feet ten inches, this would leave a break of gauge
in the connection of the two companies at Erie. On
the one hand, there was the Franklin Canal Compa-
ny, with their rails laid in the streets of Erie, in defi-
ance ofany law;and, on the other,was theNortheast
Company, which wasallowed to occupy the streets,
upon the express understanding and contract that
they would maintain the six feet gauge. But as
soon as the Legislature passed the act of 1853, re-
pealing all gauge laws in thatState, theNortheast
Company, m the face of their own agreement, un-
dertook to alter their gauge, so as to make it cor-
respond with the size of the track on the other side
of Erie; and thus enable them to run through the
place without stopping, and deprive it of oil the
commercial advantages arising from a break of
gauge at that place. CJntil this state of affairs ex-
isted, the people of Erie had acquiesced m the use
of their streets by these companies; but when a
flagrant attempt was made by these railroad com-
panies to deprive Erie of the principal advantages
arising from their location theie, the municipal au-
thonties of the borough of Erie determined, as I
thmk they had a right to do, that any encroach-
ment of this kind upon the public highways of
their town wax in violation of law, and a nuisance.
There was no law; there was no pjetension of
any law by which these companies claimed a right
to invade the streets of Erie, or the public high-
ways of Harbor Cheek township. As long as the
people interested chose to acquiesce m their occu-
pation of the streets and roads, there was no harm
done,and no one could complain. But—existing
all the time, as their occupancy did, by acquies-
cence, and without authority of law—the people of
Erie Could, whenever they saw proper, or, at least,
whenever the companies had violated the condi-
tions by virtue of which they occupied those
roads and streets, withdraw their acquiescence, and
declare such occupancy and obstruction a nuis-
ance. And, sir, it can make no kind of difference
if, as the gentleman from Ohio has alleged, these
roads were made and built by the solicitations, and
at the request of the people of Erie. That cir-
cumstance would not make ar.y obstruction of i
any public highway either more or less a nuisance, j
If, then, such obstructions of the public roads of !
Harbor Creek township and the streets of Erie '
constituted nuisances, no one can doubt the right |
of the people to abate them, and redress their griev-
ances by force, if necessary, or in any other man-
ner known to the law.
But the principal complaint rtiadeof the citizens
of Erie is, that they resorted to the lawless and
tumultuous violence of a mob to remove the
bridges and rails of these roads. Sir, my inform-
ation upon the subject has been, that throughout
the whole affair, whatever was done by the peo-
ple, was done in obedience to, and by the direction
of their municipal authorities. Ordinances were
passed, and notice duly served upon these compa-
nies, m pursuance of such ordinances. The great-
est care was taken that no excesses should be com-
mitted beyond what was necessary to the comple-
tion of the work, which they were instructed they
had a right to perform. Whatever was done was
done under the control and direction of officers of
the law. Now, sir, under all these circumstances,
there can be but one questipn arising upon the
facts, and that is a question of propriety and psu-
dence; whether they were hasty, inconsiderate,
and imprudent, in taking the course they did for
the redressing of their grievances, and whether it
would not have been a wiser and a better course
to have resorted to the aids furnished to them by
the lasv, is another and a different question, and
one upon which I will not now pass an opinion.
These, sir, are some of the facts of this case, so
far as I have been informed; and I would not have
troubled the committee with a single remark had
I not feared that an undue'impression might be
made upon the minds of members who are not ac-
quainted with the circumstances of this very un-
pleasant affair. I have only further to say, that
be the opinion of the House and the country what
it may of the conduct of the people of Erie, it can-
not, in any way, affect the character of the people
of Pennsylvania as a people.
Mr. Chairman, I very much regret that a dis-
cussion on this subject has been introduced in this
place. It has no business here. It can have no
other effect, when treated in the manner it has been
by the gentleman from Ohio, than to embitter the
people of different States—which ought to be, and
whose interest it is to be, friendly—against one
another. I firmly believe that the people of Ohio,
in whose name this attack has been made against
Pennsylvania, have no just cause, and no inclina-
tion, to complain of our people; and I have yet to
learn that they do so. Nor am I able to see what
justification or necessity there has been for the use
of the language uttered in their behalf.
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio let me have the floor for a
minute or two ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do, for the purpose of
explanation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the pointof order,
that it is not in accordance with our rules for one
member to obtain the floor and barter it out to
other members for the purpose of explanation,
previous to speaking himself.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order for the gen-
tleman from Illinois to make an explanation. The
Chair does not know what explanation he pro-
poses to make. If he propose an explanation out
of order, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
insists upon his point of order, the Chair will so
rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the explanation be per-
sonal to the gentleman himself I shall not object
to his making it. It strikes me that the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio made this morning
were strongly personal toward Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
older.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw my applica-
tion for the gentleman who favors the narrow
gauge. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, an effort
has been made by the two gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie and Mr. Oiium] to create
the impression that there is nothing involved in
this Erie controversy excepting that which inter-
ests the State of Ohio. It is for the purpose of
disabusing the minds of members upon this point
that I rise more than for any other. If it were a
mere controversy,affectingsolely thelocal interests
of the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, or affecting simply the interests of the
State of Pennsylvania, the gentlemen might then
well say that it was a controversy which had no
