THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JQHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D. CW
33  Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1854.
nations. I desire, whenever a foreigner sets his
foot upon our soil, to have thrown over him the
panoply of our free institutions, to protect him in
his person, his property, in the pursuit of happi-
ness, and an unbounded liberty of conscience; and
with that, from this day forth, I will stop. To
every man who has come here under existing
laws, I would extend all the rights which our
present laws promise him; and to every man who
comes to this country in the future, with therights
I have indicated, I would cease to offer more.
Have you not seen, sir, within the last few
months, petitions presented here and laid upon
your table, remonstrating, in the nameofforeigners,
against the action of this body? Not content with
that, have you not learned through the public
newspapers, that a mob of foreigners, under the
style of foreigners, assembled together, and hanged
in effigy an honorable member of this body ?
Whataoes that indicate? If the act indicates any-
thing, or has any significance, it is that, in the
estimation of those men, the individual referred
to, the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
[Mr. Douglas,] ought to be hung by the neck until
he is dead; and for what, sir? For doing his duty
to the Constitution, to his oath, and to his country.
1 ask Senators, if they do not see indications m
this of a combination in retaining the notions of
the olden country, which shows that it is neces-
sary, not that we should check it by legislation—I
do not propose that at the present time—but that we
should cease to hold out any further inducements.
What do we need of further immigration from
other countries? We have a sufficient population
to protect ourselves against all the world. We
have a sufficient population to settle every portion
of our country which it is necessary to settle. For
the purpose of a free and happy Government, we
havea sufficient population, and I think weshould
not adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, and thereby tax native born and adopted cit-
izens to purchase one hundred and sixty acres of
land for those who may think proper to come here
hereafter. My friend from Iowa, a few days ago,
manifested his great anxiety for these foreigners.
Well, sir, when I remembered that that Senator,
by his speech and his vote here, had done the very
same thing that the chairman of the Committee
on Territories had done, I supposed that the hang-
ing of the chairman in effigy, signified that they
believed that my friend from Iowa, also ought to
be hung for discharging his duty upon this floor
fearlessly, impartially, and manfully, as healways
does. Sir, when I saw what they had done, and
the disgrace which they had attempted to heqjp
upon that Senator, I thought he might well have
used language which was used in olden times. A
certain individual went to Absalom, who had
usurped the throne of his father, and proposed to
serve him. Absalom remembered the many favors
which his father had conferred upon this individ-
ual, and he turned to him, and in place of accept-
ing cordially his'proposed services, said: "Is this
thy kindness to thy friend?" I think my friend
from Iowa, when he was battling here for the
rights of these foreigners, might well have turned
as Absalom did, and said, when they, by their
conduct, declared to the world that he ought to be
hung for discharging his duty here: " Is this thy
kindness to thy friends?"
Sir, the time has come, if combinations are
formed, if separate distinctions are kept up by
those who think proper to adopt this as their coun-
try, when we should at least cease to taxour,pwn
citizens for their benefit. These circumstances
may not weigh with others; with me they have
their influence. ButI am opposed to the bill upon
principle. You may reduce the price of the land,
as low as you please, so as to restore to the Treas-
ury the cost of it; but to tax one portion of the,
people for the benefit of another, is a thing to
which, to my knowledge, I have not consented;
nor will I ever consent to such a proposition.
Mr. President, I hope I will not be considered
unkind or unfriendly to foreigners. I showed my
regard for them during the present session, when
they were denounced in this body for alleged
60
New Series. .^JNFo,
mobs in the Bedini affair. I was the first Senator
to furnish an apology for what seemed to be (from
the reports in the papers) a breach of the peace,
and that hospitality to the stranger for which our
countrymen are so justly distinguished. I thought,
and then said, in substance, that some allowance
was to be made for those who had participated in
the meetings referred to; that they had sufFered
from the oppressions of the Pope; that many of
them had come from a country where the name of
thePope'sNuncio was synonymous with tyranny,
the stake, and martyrdom for conscience sake; it
was not, therefore, strange, when they heard that
name in this country of unbounded liberty, that
they should have committed some excesses in
manifesting their disapprobation of the part he was
supposed to have taken in the oppressions of their
countrymen. I repeat, sir, that 1 am not opposed
to foreigners, but have briefly stated my opinions
as to the true future policy of this Government.
1 will not consume the time of the Senate by
going into details as to what will be the effect of
this bill if it should become a law. I will say,
however, that I had the honor of making a few
remarks upon a graduation bill, and upon this
subject, at the last session of Congress. Since
that time, I have mingled with my constituents,
and conversed with them freely upon this subject,
and 1 have found butoneman m the State of Mis-
sissippi, with whom I conversed, who did not
express a preference for the graduation bill to the
homestead bill. For what reason? By the home-
stead bill you give a man one hundred and sixty
acres, upon condition that he will remain upon it
five years. Men feel, and every freeman must
feel, that you are making him a pauper upon this
Government by doing so. Men would prefer pay-
ing twelve and a half cents, twenty-five, or fifty
cents an acre, according to the intrinsic value of
the land, with the liberty of selling it when they
think proper. They would greatly prefer that;
and I tell you that the man does not understand
the people, who supposes that they prefer having
lands given them to their buying them, and giving
for them their intrinsic value.
I know that holding up all the lands at $1 25
per acre, charging for poor and valueless lands the
same price that you charge for the most valuable
and rich lands, has created, and justly so, a pre-
judice against the present system; but graduate the
lands according to their value, and public opinion
will be very different from what it is now. Isay
that the people prefer paying a reasonable compen-
sation for their land, and thus be independent free-
men, feeling that they have purchased their own
homes, and that they are not paupers upon the
Federal Government, to having it given to them,
and requiring them to remain upon it for five years;
which is a sort of penance, a kind of penitentiary,
that does not suit the genius of the people of this
country at all. They prefer being free, having
lands of their own, being at liberty to sell them
whenever they please, and for whatever they may
be able to obtain for them. I say, sir, that, accord-
ing to my humble judgment, ninety-nine out of
one hundred of the Iandholdmg States will greatly
prefer a graduation system to this homestead bill,
as it is called.
Mr. President, I did not rise for the purpose of
entering into anything like a general argument on
this question; but as this homestead bill has cre-
ated some interest in the country, and as I have
heard, upon various occasions, its paternity
claimed, I think it due to the dead, as I have the
floor on this occasion, to say that the father of the
principle of this bill was the late Felix G. McCon-
nell. My friend from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] will
remember, that when we were in the House of
Representatives, the first that was ever heard of
such a bill in the Congress of the United States,
so far as I know, was on the proposition of Gen-
eral McConnell. He offered it upon every occa-
sion, in season and out of season. His amendment
was this, " that one hundred and sixty acres of the
public domain is hereby appropriated to every head
of a family, man, maid, and widow." He was
the father of the bill, so far as I know; and if
credit is due to any One, it is due to his"•rafe^H&i||.",
I do not know that I should have alluded t6 fh?e
fact, but still, as I have heard others claimed as the
authors of it, I thought I would state it, though !
do not think that the bill is right in prineipiey or
that any credit will result to any one from iti "
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The first
section of the bill grants to every man who] is h.
citizen of the United States, or who shall hereafter
become a citizen of the United States, who is the
head of a family, or twenty-one years of dge,-&tie.
hundred and sixty acres of land, without j8fyi g-
for it, after five years' residence and occupation.
The sixth section authorizes any resident of a,"
State orTerritory, who is not now a citizen of the
United States, also to make a like application,
take one hundred and sixty acres. If I understand
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, it is, that hereafter citizenship shall be
prerequisite to the making of the claim, nor shall
residence in a State or Territory be a prerequisite;
but that, on the actual filing of a declaration a
foreigner from any portion of the world, WhenMie
comes here, of his intention to became naturalized;
he shall also be enabled, without-pay, fr«e of cost;
to take and occupy one hundred and1 s'ixty aoreii
of the public land. Am I right in reference'to; mj
understanding of your amendment? ;
Mr. WADE. They must live five years on it;
Mr. THOMPSON. That is true. They must
live five years on it. Now, in reference to the
amendment as well as to the bill, I desire, al-
though I am not prepared as I wished to be, to
say some few things.
A few days since, at the other end of this Cap-
itol, when it was proposed to donate to the differ-
ent States land for the purpose of taking care of
the needy citizens of this country, who, by the"
visitation of Heaven are insane, and are incapable
of taking care of themselves, it was reported upoh
adversely, as being against the Constitution of (he
United States. When it was proposed that our
own citizens, the insane, the pauper, and the ne-
cessitous, who need this aid, should have such a.
grant made for their benefit, we were told that" it
could not be done under the Constitution of the
United States. Such a donation to States for the
purpose of taking care of the insane, we were told
was unconstitutional; but now the Senator from
Ohio offers a proposition which, if it be adopted"
and carried into effect, will enable us to give to
every criminal, every fugitive from justice,-every
vagabond, and every pauper-from Europe; and'
from every portion "of the world, who lands on our
shores, that which we deny to our own citizens
who, under the visitation of God, need it, of whom
we ought to take care, and to whom we are bound
by ties different from any which unite us to for-
eigners.
Mr. President, I had intended, when I heard this
measure spoken of as one of justice and propriety,
to move its commitment to the Committee on the
Judiciary, that they might lick it into shape before.
we were compelled to vote upon it; for, in its opera-
tion, it should be equal, equitable, right, and just.
There should be no class legislation as k ho w-pro- -
posed—no class legislation in favor ofToreignerss
In our legislation we should begin with our own
people at home. But if you give land to the land,
less, why not amend the bill, and give money to
the moneyless? One man needs land, but another
needs money. Amend the bill then, and give $200
to each of those who are out of change; to those
who need money. And in addition, Mr. Presi-
dent, make some provision for mechanics, profes-
sional men, merchants,in short for that large class
of people who are not agriculturists. If it is in-
tended as a donation, as a bonus, equity and jus-,
tice require that you should likewise give to other
vocations and professions, to artisans, mechanies,
and merchants, the bonus, the donation, the lar-
gess, the pauper's gift, or whatever you choose to
denominate it. As in the one case you give land,
in the other you siiould give money, and make-
no such discrimination as is proposed by this Wit-■-
Let there be equality. If you claim that; under
the Constitution of the United State®, in making.
