940
THE CONGRESSIONAL_GLOBE._
April 19,
rules and regulations in reference to the territory
of the Union, doing no injustice to the respective
States, you have a right so to donate the lands,
donate them with no invidious discrimination;
make no unequal distinction; donate to those who
are not able to bear the toil, and burden, and
hardships of frontier life—your old men, your
cripples, your v/idows, your workmen, your me-
chanics, and people of that description,outside of j
agricultural interests—in money, what you donate
in land to those who are agriculturists.
Mr. President, I have said that I thought this
bill should be committed to the Committee on the
Judiciary, 1 think it should go there for several
reasons. I have heard it said that so far as the
public domain is concerned, at least so much of it
as weowned anterior to theMexican war, we had
pledged it for money to prosecute that war. I ask,
then, as a legal question, can you take this prop-
erty, which is thus under mortgage and lien, and
give it away? I ask, too, as a question of morals,
whether you should give it away when itjs bound
and pledged for the payment of your debts? Are
you to neglect this private claim, and say now to
strangers, and foreigners, to aliens in blood and in
language, that they may have it ? Ought it not to
be held as asacred treasure to redeem yourplighted
honor, to pay the debt which you incurred in the
prosecution of that war?
But further, Mr. President, this bill is offering
a bonus and a premium to those men in Europe,
who are unwilling to remain there, under the haz-
ards of the approaching war, to emigrate to this
country. It tells those men, who, because they
do not wish to stand by their king or country, or
who, from want of patriotism, or from a deep
feeling of cowardice, will not stay there to fight
for republican interests, and stand by their own
country, "if you become renegades from your coun-
try, in trying to escape the dangers of war winch
threaten there, and if you will flee to the United 1
States, and make a declaration of intention, we i
will set you up with a nice little farm of one hun- |
dred and sixty acres of land. You can settle on i
it, and live there, whether you left your country
for your country's good, or escaped from it be-
cause you happened to be a libeial, although un-
willing to fight for liberal institutions." Are you,
sir, to offer them this bonus? And what else do
you hold out? Why, you tell all your own citi-
zens, your lazy, trifling men, that have? never
made and would not work for it, fellows of
a bad stock, whose ancestors were as lazy and
improvident as themselves—a bad breed m the
beginning—"we will shield you with a sort of
bankrupt law; we. will give you, you trifling lazy
pauper rascals, if you will go out. there, one hun-
dred arid sixty acres of land, and neither consta-
ble nor -sheriff shall take it for debt; you are of
no account, you may keep it, you shall be bank-
rupts as to nil previous debts." [Laughter.] And
that, sir, you oiler as a premium to loafetism and
laziness; and a nice set you will have when you
fet, them there, with vagabonds and vagrants from
Europe, to build up a new State, and a new com-
munity.
But, Mr. President, if you intend to give one
hundred and sixty acres of land to rnen of this
description, I ask you if it will not be an act of ,
great injustice to all who have bought public lands i
heretofore; and ought not the Judiciary Commit- ;
tee to introduce a provision to pay back to all :
those from^vhom you have wrun.^ $1 2o peranre !
for the Jantr which they have purchased? Ought
you not to refund what they have paid ? They ;
were our own hardy pioneers, kith and km to us,
bone of our bone, our brethren, hardy men, and
Indian fighters. They have paid for their.- land,
and whipped outthelndians* they have possession
of the country; but if you are going to send out to
these lands all theoffscourings of foreign countries,
in the name of justice and common sense, pay back
to all the men who have bought public lands their
§1 25 an acre, with interest upon it. It is a just
claim, and those men are worthy of it. Intro-
duce such a provision, and we shall very soon
sweep away the twenty odd million of dollars
which are now in the Treasury. But, as a matter
of justice, if you pass this bill, do it.
This bill proposes a radical change m our sys-
tem of public lands. Nothing of the kind has
ever been sanctioned under the action of the Gov-
ernment. It is apremature,radical, revolutionary
proposition to waste away the public inheritance,
and give it to ragamuffins coming from all partsof
creation, [laughter,] congregating here as buz-
zards do around the carcass to eat it up. Such
is the proposition which we have before us.
1 ask you, sir, has any President ever recom-
mended such a thing? Has the present President
of the United States recommended it? Did Presi-
dent Polk recommend it? Did President Taylor
recommend it? Not at all. Did Jackson or Jef-
ferson recommend it? Did Washington or Adams?
Take them, Federalists or Republicans, Whigs or
Democrats, where is the President of the United
States, who has ever recommended such a policy,
or has ever given his name to such a proposition
for the public plunder, and dissipation of the public
treasure? Has any President ever had the au-
dacity or fortitude to come to the American peo-
ple, and recommend such a disposition of this rich
inheritance, which we have had bequeathed to us,
which we have looked to as a home and a home-
stead for our children, and our children's children
—not for strangers, but for us and for our families?
Has any President, of any party, of any stripe,
of any faith, ever recommended it? However
weak m power, however abandoned by his party,
however abused, has any man ever done it? No,
sir, no man ever thought of it, no man ever
alluded to it. Why, sir, General Jackson, I be-
lieve, in his message of 1829, thought that, under
the articles of cession, the land rather belonged to
the States, and ought to go that way. it is true
that he afterwards strangled the land proceeds dis-
tribution bill, when he found that the child was to
be called after Henry Clay, and named as one of
his brood and generation. But fioin Jackson down
to the present period,has any Administration ever
put its credit and character upon the recommenda-
tion of a plan of this sort? No, sir.
Mr. President, in reference to this subject, T will
ask gentlemen if it would not be tolerably prudent,
considering the way m which we stand about
matters of this sort, to take it a little more delib-
erately, and a little mo'-e considerately ? We know
that at this time there is over the continent of
Europe an impending struggle and contention, the
like of which perhaps has not transpired before in
the times of civilization. We want this land fund.
We want it as a matter of finance; we want it as
a fund to build up a navy; we need it for our own
purposes; we need it for our own people; and just
at this juncture, and at this time, up comes a prop-
osition that to every man who is twenty-one years
of age, married or unmarried, to every foreigner
now resident in any State or Territory, and to
every foreigner who will congregate on our shores
from the difficulties of Europe, we shall give this
land, instead of holding it as a fund to protect our-
selves, to build up a navy, establish an army,tond
use it in time of need for war purposes. You are
told that with a profusion, and with a profligacy,
and without reference to economy or a prudent
judgment or sense, that it is to be all drifted off to
that population which is coming from the troubles
of Europe to our shores.
The bill, Mr. President, is to me singular in
many of its aspects; and I hope I shall not be
out of order in alluding to the action of the other
House. They passed this bill a short time ago,
giving away, ho far us it will be settled, the whole
of the public domain to the first occupant, or the
first comer, whoever he may be. Since that time
they have passed a bill graduating the price of the
public lands. It looks to me as if there was a sort
of demajtoguery over the land, and that the House,
in reference to this subject, was acting thus be-
cause, when the next August election comes round,
they do not want to make any explanation to the
whisky boys of the country when they wish to
be returned to Congress. [Laughter.] They seem
to pass the bill as if they thought the Senate would
have steadiness and sense enough to reject it.
[Laughter.] They pass this bill, and then one for
graduating the price of the public lands, and then
bills for railroad purposes; and they are proceed-
ing as if the whole of it was a solemn farce, with
the hope that no explanation was to be made in
reference to it at all. {hope that we shall not
disappoint them. They voted for the homestead
bill; they voted for the graduation bill; still, they
are going on, voting for railroad bills as if nothing
had ever happened in any shape whatever in the
woild. [Laughter.]
1 do not see in his seat now the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who has such intense anxiety
about the Pacific railroad; and, in fact, I admire
his enthusiasm upon that subject, however much
1 think that it is a wild and Utopian project; how-
ever much I reflect that in making it you will have
to carry it through deserts, where there is neither
wood nor water, and over mountains and snows,
many feet deep, over a vast continent; however
impracticable 1 may think it, and although I think
that it will cost the Union, if it is ever made, as
much as it cost Napoleon to march his grand army
to Moscow; still, if, in the prospect of things, we
are to have the Pacific railroad, and if, by the
mere extension of territory, we are becoming as
weak as a rope of sand; if, as is said by the poet,
Roma ruit sttis viribus; if, by the mere extension
of territory, we are becoming like a ricketty hogs-
head, which must be bound together; and if we
need this Pacific railroad to bind us together, for
the Lord's sake keep this land. Do not touch the
people of South Carolina, of Kentucky, and other
portions of the country, to get the means to build,
it. If you are to have these emigrants, catch them
as you catch the Irish and Germans, and keep
them at work until they make the road to the Pa-
cific; but give them land and no money. That is
my opinion about it. A nice chance you have to
build a road there; it will cost the Lord knows how
many millions of dollars, for I would be afraid to
calculate it. But if you are ever to have a road,
do not give away the only fund upon which you
can rely for the making of it; and if you bring
these emigrants in, let them work for what they get;
do not make them a present of it. [Laughter.]
I suppose, Mr. President, that according to the
notion of progress, and the bellicose propensity of
our people, we must acquire territory—for a fuss
they will eternally and everlastingly have. You
can haidly keep old-fashioned Whigs now in the
1 traces, for they want to annex Canada, and get
! another State or two from Mexico; war, or some
little fight, they must have; for the whole Union,
in reference to that, seems to be like Simon Wild-
fire; if they do not have a fight they would spoil
about the breast and shoulders merely for the
want of it. [Laughter,] But, sir, if you are to
go on in acquisition, keep the territory to pension
the old soldiers with, as you have done heietofore.
Go with my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
E\ans,] and pay off the claims which you owe to
the old revolutionary fathers and their descend-
ants; pay off what you owe to the men who
fought in the war of 1812; pay those who fought
in Mexico, and keep a little back for future fight-
ing. Do not dispose of it all in the way you now
propose; we shall want it, because—1 suppose it
is a sort of North American sentiment—there is
no people m the world who respond to the call of
I liberty as readily as ours do. Send a fellow to
! Texas and Mexico to fight, but keep a little land
; to let him know that when he has done fighting
I he will have a home to come to. Do not give it
| alj^to foreign adventurers who come here merely
| as criminals or from cowardice. Do not give it to
! those who come here on such accounts; not he-
1 cause they love America, but because they can
! here impose upon American hospitality and gen-
j erosity.
j I have not had an opportunity to prepare the
! statistics which I should like to have before me
; in reference to this bill, and 1 therefore cannot go
i at length into it now. But if some older and abler
I Senator does not argue if before the discussion on
; it terminates, I will prepare myself to make a
| speech in reference to this amendment, and about
: the bill generally. I wish to deliver my own opin-
ions. What is now proposed? They say, for
j instance, to the Senator from Massachusetts, who
| comes from one of the old States of this Union,
! We are going to give this land all away. It is
j true, under the cessions that were made by the
! original thirteen States, it was held for the benefit
j of all the States. I will not now go into a dis-
: cussion of the questions about tenancy in common,
i or joint tenancy; but I ask the Senator from the
| State of Massachusetts, knowing the effect of this
| pauper population as you have it now crowded in
[ the poor-houses and m the lazar-houses of every
description in Massachusetts, when they tell you it
: is true that the old thirteen fellows fought through
| the revolutionary war, and are entitled to this
; land, and own it, and although we have a sort of
^ half-way, lively recollection of Concord, and Lex-
; ingfon, and Bunker Hill, where your fathers
1 fought for the land, still, we will give it to these
