1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Military Affairs at the commencement of the
session. We sent it for consideration to the Sec-
retary of War; and as his answer is very brief, I
will read it. Itis as follows:
War Department, )
Washington, January 27, 1854. \
. Sir: I have considered the subject of the resolution left
by you at this Department, directing an inquiry info the
expediency of ceding to the city of St. Loui*, for the pur-
pose of a public park, the ground on which the United
States arsenal now stands?, and I herewith transmit a report
from the Colonel of Ordnance on the subject.
I see no objection' to the cession if time be allowed, and
means be provided, for the construction of an arsenal on
another cite, and the removal thereto of the arms, muni-
tions, machinery, tools, &.C., now at St. Louis arsenal, tor
which puipoees the sum of $250,000 is estimated to be
required.
Vety respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFP. DAVIfi, Secretary of War.
Hon. Thomas H. Trenton, of the Committee on Military
Jiffairsy House of Representatives. t
Accompanying the letter is one from the Ord-
nance Department, which goes more into the de-
tails upon which the Secretary comes to his con-
clusions. The ordnance officer says that the pres-
ent arsenal cannot be broken up until another is
provided The present arsenal should not be va-
cated or superseded till the new one is built. The
Ordnance Department could not possibly dispense
with the present one till a new one is constructed.
The letter goes on to say: <•
" On the, other hand, there seems no doubt that since the
original location of the arsenal, the extension of the city
has brought the two into an wc .nvement and disadvanta-
geous proximity for both., and 1 hut the removal of the ai •
serial to a site farther fiom the city is desirable. The elec-
tion of propei buildings on the new site, and the removal
of the ordnance, t-tores and supplies thither, would com, u
is estimated, $250,000. if nlenns to this extent should be
furnished either by the city of St Louis, in consideration
of the cession, or by an appropriation by Congress for the
purpose, the erection of the building* and the removal of
the stores might follow soon as practicable, and when
that is done I know of no objection to the cession of the
present at serial to the city."
The conditions mentioned here have been rigor-
ously provided for in the amendment which I
have proposed. And 1 have to say that it is de-
sirable, as we all know, that military establish-
ments should be taken out of cities. Nothing is
so inconvenient to a military establishment as the
immediate proximity of a town. On the other
hand, it is exceedingly desirable that the city of
St. Louis should have some outlet—some breath-
ing place. When that town was laid out, its des-
tiny was not foreseen. It is now without parks,
without public grounds, without a place for recre-
ation, where the population of the place may go
for health and amusement. And, since the lands
in and about the city have become so valuable,
they have been cut up into small parcels, so that
it has now become impossible to get ground large
enough for the purpose of a place of recreation
for the inhabitants. The ground occupied by the
arsenal is wonted for this purpose by the city;
and, in this point of view, the Congress of the
United States would find an inducement to go as
far as possible in making this cession, even if it
were sought gratuitously. But we ask nothing
gratuitously. The land perhaps originally cost
some twenty or thirty dollars per acre, arid it is
now valued at $6,000', and we would take it at that
rate.
Mr. HOWE. How many acres are there in
these grounds?
Mr. BENTON". There are 37 67-100 acres in
it.
Mr. McMULLlN. I rise, sir, more for the
purpose of obtaining infoimation from the gentle-
man from Missouri, than to impart information
to the committee.
This piece of property is one of the most de-
sirable portions of land which I know of in the
entire West. It may be that the sum of $250,000,
proposed m the amendmentis atnple and sufficient;
but, sir, 1 am inclined to doubt, from the fact of
the vast and growing population of St. Louis,
and from the very large prices which are asked
for and obtained for real estate in that city,
whether that sum is sufficient. I therefore desire
to propound to the gentleman from Missouri one
ortwo interrogatories. I desire to know whether
the sum of $250,000 will place the Government in
possession of a site and buildings for an arsenal
in every respect equal to those which are now
owned there by the Government? Secondly,
I desire to know of the gentleman whether or
not the Goi'*emment could not dispose of its prop- i
erty at that point for a sum much greater than
§250,000 ? If I can be satisfied upon those points,
the probability is that I will give the amendment
my vote. But my experience is, that whenever the
Government enters into a transaction of this sort
with individuals, cities, or corporations, the Gov-
ernment gets the worst of the bargain.
In this case I desire no advantage of the citizens
of St. Louis, but, on the other hand, ! am desir-
ous to deal liberally with them, if the judgment
of the Secretary of War, communicated to this
House, is correct. But I desire to have the entire
communication, read to the committee. If, how-
ever, no injury is to arise to the Government, cer-
tainly I shall not oppose the amendment; but I
desire to be fully informed before I vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to aquestion
of order. Itis, that this whole preposition is new
matter, and without any previous authority of
law.
Mr. S. then read the amendment, as inserted
above.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and entertainstheamendmentfor
this reason: It is a proposition to appropriate
money for the purpose of reerecting an arsenal,
which has already been repaired and built by ap-
propriations h'eretofore made by law.
Mr. LETCHER. I very respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The question being "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Orr and Kerr
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 35.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment decided to be in order.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, I will now
answer the questions put by the gentleman from
Virginia. The first is as to procuring ground for
a site. In answer to that, I have to say that the
United States now possess, as a free gift of the in-
habitants, seventeen hundred acres of land about
ten miles below St. Louis, on which are the Jeffer-
son barracks and the powdermagazine,the latter of
which was removed from this place. They have,
therefore, ample ground. The seventeen hundred
acres is on the bank of the river, running up and
down. So much for the new site.
As for this $250,000 being sufficient to build it,
I refer to the letter of H. K. Craig, accompanying
the letter from the Secretary of War. It contains
all the material of the Secretary's conclusion.
The opinion of the ordnance officer, as well as
that of the Secretary of War, is, that $250,000
will be enough. When we come to compare it
with the cost of the present building, we find that
the latter has been constructed in the most perma-
nent manner for $163,000. Then what is pro-
posed to be paid is nearly $100,000 more than
what the present building cost. I know that the
present building is patch-work, and has been
enlarged from year to year.
Mr, McMtXLLIN. There is an important
interrogatory, to which I wish to direct the gen-1
tleman's attention, and that is in regard to the f
improving value of this property. Is $250,000 a !
sufficient consideration for the property? 1
Mr. BENTON. Here is the answer of the 1
Colonel of Ordnance to that point: |
"The site selected, and on which the aisenal now!
stands, contains 37 61 100 acres, and is estimated to be now !
worth at least $£00,000, exclusive of the inclosing walls, <
interior fence*, drains, culvei te, and roads, which are valued •
at $30,000. '1'he buildings which are constructed m the ;
most permanent manner, are valued at :>lG3,0i0. The arms !
and munitions of war of all kinds, together with the ma- '
chinery, and tools m store and fri use, aie valued at
$1,'275,773. The proposed cession to the city of St. XjOuir,
foi the purpose stated in the resolution, will require the
abandonment of the land, with its permanent and fixed im-
provement®, and of the buildings, the value of which
amounts to §393,010, and the removal of the rest of the pub-
lic property.
" St. L^uis arsenal is the, only arsenal west of the Mis-
sissippi, (and excepting that at Pittsburg the only arsenal m
the West,) where constructions and"repairs of artillery,
carriage.*!, implements, arm*, aecoutermetils and ammuni-
tion can be earned on to a large extent. It has now gieat
facilities for doing such work, and nearly all the supplies :
for the West and Northwest are prepared there. Tt cannot 1
be abandoned without very great injury to the public in-
terest and service, until another and similar arsenal is
constructed in that part of the country to supply its place,
and the arms, munitions, and all the movable apparatus
at the present araenal are transferred thither. The cession
to the city of St. Louis, until after this shall have been
done, is, m my opinion, altogether inexpedient.
" On the other hand, there skeins no doubt that since the
original location of the arsenal, the extension of tb*> city
has brought the two info an inconvenient and disadvant-
ageous proximity for both,, and th<it the removal of the
arsenal to a site further from the city  s desirable The
erection of proper buildings on the new sue, and the re-
moval ot the ordnance stores and supplies thither, would
cost, it is estimated, &Q50,000. If means to this extent
should bo furnished, eitner by the city of St Louin, in con-
sideration of the cesfion,or by an appropnation by Con-
gress for the purpose, the erection of the buildings and the
removal ofthestoies might follow as soon as practicable j
and when that is done, J know of no objection to the ces-
sion of the present arsenal to the city."
I have-to say that the present arsenal is disad-
vantageous to the United States in two particulars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot see why there
should be any difference between disposing of the
arsenal at St. Louis, and disposing of the one at
Wilmington, Delaware. When Congress were
called upon at the last session to dispose of the
.arsenal in Wilmington, they required that the
property should be advertised for sixty days, put
up at public sale, and sold-to the highest bidder.
It was accordingly disposed of in that way. It
is proposed now to give to the city of St. touis,
for the nominal sum of $250,000, land which I
understand is intrinsically and actually worth to
St. Louis at this time, if put into the market arid
sold to the highest bidder, $500,000. It is pro-
posed to give them property actually worth
$500,000 for half that sum. What authority has
CongT*ess to dispose of this property for so inad-
equate a price ?
Mr. BENTON. What authority has the gen-
tleman for saying that it is worth $500,000?
Mr. LETCHER. I have the authority of'
gentlemen from-Missouri who so inform us, who
fix its value at that sum.
Mr. BENTON. The Ordnance Office says a
quarter of a million.
Mr. LETCHER. The distinguished gentle-
man, when called upon to say what it was worth,
did not answer at all, except by reading the letter.
I imagine this property is worth half a million.
If this property is to be disposed of, why not let
the Government dispose of it as it disposed of the
public ground and arsenal in Wilmington, by
putting it up at public auction, to be sold to the
highest bidder? There are thirty-seven acres of
ground there on which this arsenal is located.
Now, what particular necessity exists for removing
the arsenal fiom its present location ? None at all
that I know of. Here is a piece of ground which
cannot be purchased at public auction for perhaps
less than half a million or a million of dollars.
Here is this arsenal located and built by the Gov-
ernment, and now it is proposed to us that we are
to dispose of these grounds and buildings, and
erect a new arsenal on another piece of ground
belonging to the Government of the United States.
Is there any guarantee that a new building could
be constructed capable of accommodating this
establishment at $250,000?
I imagine there is no such guarantee. So far as
these expenditures for the erection of public build-
ings are concerned, we all know, from actual ex-
periment, that it requires from two to five times as
much now to accomplish a particular result in the
construction of Government buildings as it did ten
or twenty years ago. If the Government has no
need of this land in the city of St. Louis, we
should pass a law exactly the same in all respects
as we passed in the case of Wilmington arsenal.
The people of St. Louis occupy precisely the
same position in this matter that the people of
Wilmington did in that. We should pass a bill
placing the property in the market, and after due
notice, allowing it to be sold to the highest bidder.
And then let the city of St. Louis take it at what-
ever is ascertained at public outcry to be its value.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri by
adding thereto • $150,000, making the sum to be
paid $400,000. This, Mr. Chairman, is a very
important question, and I beg the attention of the
committee to the fact, that according to the exhibit
of the Secretary of War, produced here to-day
by the honorable gentleman from Missouri, this
property is estimated as being worth $393,000 at
least. Now, I beg particular attention to that
fact. Sir, I think that estimate greatly below the
real value. I should not be at all surprised, if the
Government should choo&e to appoint a commis-
