236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 23,
time have the citizens of Erie molested them.
They have not, in any instance, violated the law
since the injunction was served on them, nor will
they violate the law, or commit any act of violence,
so long as these companies confine themselves to
legal tribunals, having jurisdiction over the offense
complained of. But, as if to harass and aggravate
the people of Erie, and to subserve other purposes
than a speedy adjustment of the dispute, one of
these companies made application to the district
court of the United States at Pittsburg, and obtained
an injunction. The people of Erie immediately em-
ployed counsel, and appeared to answer the injunc-
tion upon the ground that the court had no j unsdic-
tion over the subject; a point which they s*em to
have established to the satisfaction of everybody
except Judge Erwin, who, instead of deciding the
point at once, held the matter under consideration;
out, in the mean time, permitted the marshal to go
on imprisoning the citizens of Pennsylvania for
not immediately and implicitly obeying an injunc-
tion which they had alleged and argued before
him was void for want of jurisdiction, and which
he was not willing to deny or decide, so that his
decision might be reviewed by the supreme court,
and the question tcttled whether the nnushal or
the authorities of Erie wet e the aggressor. These
are the facts in the case, and are the reasons why
the citizens of Erie did not obey the injunction of
the court. 1 thank the gentleman for the privilege
he has accorded me for the purpose of explana-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (resuming^) Well, Mr.
Chairman, the gentleman has not presented the
case in a dilletent. view from that which has been ,
presented by his colleague, [Mr. Ritchie.] The |
gentleman cannot conceal or avoid the piominent
fact, that the United States marshal, when engaged
in the service of a process issued by a Unned
States court, was seized and imprisoned by virtue
of the municipal authority of the town of F.rie.
That mob-law has thus far triumphed, with the
sanction of Pennsylvania State authority, no one
denies. Mr. Chairman, I hold to the doctrine,
that however odious a law may be it is the duty !
of those charged with the execution of it to see ,
that it is faithfully exei-uted. There is a lav/ upon
our statute-book, to which I make reference, that, 1
in some of its details, is particularly odious to me, !
as we all know it is to a great portion of the peo- ,
pie of the North, (the Fugitive Slave law,) and
yet, sir, I believe that it is the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and of the officers of,
the Government charged with its execution, to see !
that it is faithfully executed as long as it remains !
upon the statute-book. The President has no j
right to assume legislative or judicial power, and ,
to decide upon the expediency or the constitution- j
ality of any law upon the statute-book. It is his 1
business to execute the laws, and it is the busi- I
ness of the courts of the land to decide upon ques- !
tions of constitutional right !
I refer gentlemen of Pennsylvania to a case where '''
a fugitive from service, or a supposed "fugitive 1
slaved' was arrested in the State of Pennsylvania, j
and a justice of the peace, or a judge of one of the i
State courts, issued a process by virtue of which
the United States marshal was arrested. How I
speedily did that Pennsylvania judge (Judge Giier) 1
come forward and say that no " tuppenny justice"
should thwart with impunity the prompt execution
of a law of Congress, or obstiuct the process of an
order of the United States court. Yet, sir, not-
withstanding your Piesident.and your judges, and
your maishals have been vigilant and' fanhfnl m
seeing that that particular laiv is executed when a
poor nexro runs the race for freedom, they fail to
execute it when these grent commercial interests
are stricken down by the mob. They have sent
their troops and flic natiuiial Treasury on the first
dawning of any attempt on the part of the popu-
lace to override and trample dnwn the officers of
the law when a nesro was to be taken: but when
these national interests are ass tiled they are as
silent as the grave.
Sir, the telegraph every day brings us accounts
that infuriated toebs are destroying property, not
only within the municipal limits of the town of
Erie, but outside ot' them; it brings us accounts
that the frenzied popa'ace have driven back" the
United States marshal, holding in Ins hand a de-
cree emanating from your highest judicial tiibu-
nals. And, sir, the contractors who are trans- 1
porting the mails of the United States are detained
private interests are sacrificed, and there is an
utter disregard of all the obligations of law—a
willful, a deliberate, and a continuous effort on the
part of the people of Erie to strike down the law.
The people of Ohio, and of the whole West and
North and East look m vain to the law-executing
branch of their Government for a sufficient power
to enable the United States marshal to execute the
process and enforce a decree of your Federal court.
Mr. Chairman, I submit to gentlemen whether,
if one law is to be faithfully executed and the
powers of the Government, are to be drawn forth
whenever it is necessary for that purpose, if we
have not a right to expect the strong arm of the
Executive to be extended in order that the law
may be enforced in this particular case. Adopt
any other rule, and dangers, serious and alarming,
quickly follow. Partial legislation, and the partial
. execution of the law, soon bring disrespect to
!i Government, and a total disregard to the restraints j
j: of law.
!| Let it once go abroad to the people of this land
]i that only one of the laws is to be executed, that
the powers of the Government are to be called out
|j only to execute a particular law, and held back
] when laws affecting other vast interests like these
,: are affected, and the result will be most disastrous.
Your laws and your Government would then be
scoffed at by all who appreciate the great princi-
ples upon which just Governments are founded.
Mr. Chaiiman,'as i said m the outset, these
are not local interests which are involved in the
Erie affair. These are not interests affecting the
1 State of Ohio alone. They are interests deeply
; affecting the great commercial enterprises of this
; whole country. The question is to be set-
j tied as to the power of law. That question is at
1 issue, and that is the gieat point piesented now
: to the American people in this case. The expeii-
I ment is to be tried. We are soon to know i
; whether the Executive of this land will send ,
[forth the necessai y power to enable the ofticeis :
; of the law to execute the process which has I
J bedi placed in his hands, or whether party ser- '
vility and party influences aie to triumph over all
the high obligations which our Constitution and
laws impose.
The reasons why delay has been occasioned
are not made known. They may be satisfactory, '
but I doubt it. It has long been well known that
the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania has
taken no efficient steps. It is well know n that he
sympathizes with those engaged m riding down
the law at Erie. It is well known, too, that the
sovereignty of that State has been controlled or
swallowed up by the petty corporation of the
town of Eiie. •,
1 see, too, by the newspapers, that the Legislature j
of the State of Pennsylvania seems unwilling to i
leave the question in controversy to rtst upon the !
law as it is, or to rely upon the judicial d.cisions j|
which have been made, and read by the gentle-P
man, [Mr. Ritchie.] ■ Feaung that the decisions ■'
of the courts would not break down that Franklin
Canal Company, they resort to the process of
repeal. 1 obseive that, a few days ago, the Senate
of the State of Pennsylvania passed a bill to re-
peal the charter of the Franklin Canal Company, ;
thus declaring that she does not regard that com-
pany as having ai quued any vested light by the '
construction of the load unJei their charter,'
J which may not be revoked. If thty did acquire ;
: it, that Senate swept from the statute-book the i
, power under which it was acquired. This legis-
lation is aimed at Ohio and other western mtei ests. j
Let me say to those who look to Pennsylvania 1
mtei ests, that I do not come here for the purpose 1
■ of engendering bad feeling with them. God '
knows that theie are many reasons why I should '
love Pennsylvania. I am allied to her by many j
inteiests and sacied ties; but if Pennsylvania '
mobs are to ride over Hie law of the lard, and I
Pennsylvania legislation set at defiance the rights '
, which we ha\ e acquired under her laws, and "she 1
commences the business of repealing charters,
Ohio will not be beaten in that gone "others can
play it as well as the Kevstone State.
I do not believe in retaliatory legislation,but in
my State theie is a party, to which I do not be-
long a radical party—a tadicul and 'progressive
Democracy—the Democracy ofV oung America—
the'-Lightning Lioe Democracy "—that do believe
in the rignt of a Legislature to repeal preexisting
charter. That party is now largely in power in
our Legislature. I would have Pennsylvania un-
derstand that it is just as easy for our Legislature
to repeal and strike down the charters which in-
volve the interests of her people, as it is for her to
play that game with charters involving western
interests. Pennsylvania has taken, so for as her
Senate is concerned, the initiative in this opera-
tion. She may go on if she chooses, but she will
find the Ohio Democracy not merely'ready, but
willing to pursue the policy of repeal! Ohio's
j radical Democracy are in session, and there is no
' doubt but that they can go a little ahead of any-
; thing in the way of progress which the old Key-
i stone dare und-ertake.
We have, also, radical Democrats in the highest
I judicial tribunal of our State—m the supteme
court. Tfiey have been elected judges, previously
, committed and pledged to sustain the Legislature
in this doctrine of repeal. So that, Mr. Cha.ii-
man, if the worst come to t^ie worst, and Penn-
sylvania proposes to settle this matter by repeal-
: lug charteis, I feel an abiding faith that the
Buckeye State will not come out serond best in
i that contest. If that is the shape which the con-
; troversy is to assume, Ohio is ready.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois-. Mr. Chair-
; man, I did not propose to participate in this dis-
i cussion, nor do I now propose to do so. When
| my honorable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
! Ritchie] was on the floor, I desired to ask him a
question in relation to this Franklin Canal Com-
. pany, but I did not obtain from him a veiy satis-
factory answer.
Now, sir, if I am rightly informed about this
I charter of the Franklin Cunal Company, it was
■ chartered by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, on
the application of the people of Erie—they pro-
cured a charter of the company for the very pur-
pose for which it was afterwards used—that is, to
get a railroad connection West. If there were
any legislative legerdemain in procuring this chart-
er fiom the Pennsylvania Legislature, which is
j charged, it was exercised by the people of Erie.
I As 1 understand it, they were instrumental it) pro-
j cu'ing the very charter which they denounce as a
fiaud. If I am wrong, I hope I may he corrected
by any member from that State on this floor, for
I desire to state only facts.
I differ from my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] in regard to what the
supreme court of his Slate has decided in regaid
to this Franklin Canal Company. I put it to him
us a lawyer, and I know him to be one of the
ablest of the lawyers who occupy a seat upon this
floor. He has told us that this Franklin Canal
Company has a franchise which has been declared
forfeited by the highest judicial tribunal in that
State. Now, as I said before, I take issue with
the gentleman, and I will show, to the satisfaction
of this committee, that there has never been such
a judgment by the supreme court of the State of
Pennsylvania, and that, too, upon the very author-
ity which he has produced here 
Mr. RITCHIE, (interrupting.) The court de-
livered their opinion upon the charter on a tech-
nical point.
JVIr. W^VSIiBURin c,. That ia true; the court
£ave an opinion, but it rendered neither a decision
nor a judgment. There was an application made
to the court on beiuilf of the Common wealth of
Pennsylvaniafor an injunction against this Frank-
lin Canal Company, on the ground that it had
forfeited its franchise by misuse, or for snme
other reason. Now, does the gentleman pretend
to say that that injunction was granted at all? No,
sir. This very opinion which the gentleman has
read from, says, further on, that it was refused.
Mr. RITCHIE here made a remark, which
was entirely inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The court declined to
interfere, did not interfere in regard to this matter,
and refused to grant the injunction. But I admit
that the court, through its chief ji siice did not
give an opinion in regard to the' merits of the
question—the court made an ai viiment, if you
please, but it was the judgment of the court, and
no decision of the court. What did the honorable
Chief Justice say in delivering his opinion upon
this point'
"This disposes of the matter f.,r the pi,.sent. VTemi ht
Iiavo refused the motion without more than a re^ercnci'"'t«>
the statute, which makes it necessary" 
that is, before an injunction can be grr&nted und^r
