288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
Mr. MILLER. Then I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee [Mr. Orr] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole, according to order, had had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the reference of the Presi-
dent's message, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
T.he SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee,) There are a few bills from the Sen-
ate upon the table, and if there be no objection,
the Chair will lay them before the House.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr, EWINGr. 1 rise, Mr. Speaker, to what I
presume to be a privileged question. That, how-
ever, will be for the decision of the Chair, if it
be not a privileged question, I would ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit it. It is a
motion to request the Senate to return a resolution
of this House which was passed the other day, pro-
viding for the appointment of a select joint com-
mittee in reference to a proposed amendment to the
Constitution, in accordance with the report of the
Judiciary Committee of this body. I learn from
one of the Senators, who at first entertained a
different opinion, but on consultation with the
Secretary of the Senate finds that it is not in ac-
cordance with custom, that it has been only cus-
tomary to appoint joint committes in reference to
the joint property of the two Houses—as the libra-
ry and the public buildings; that the appointment
of a joint select committee in the case of the affair
of the steamship San Francisco was a departure
from the custom of the Senate, though passed
without notice—perhaps improperly—without op-
position.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot consider
the gentleman's motion as one of a privileged
character.
Mr. EWING. 1 presume that no gentleman
will make objection, under the circumstances.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object.
Mr. EWING. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended, in order to enable me to submit the
motion to which I have alluded. I do not see
what reason any gentleman can have for opposing
my motion.
Mr. HIBBARD. I should like to know what
is the purpose of the gentleman in withdrawing
the resolution? C do not understand it.
Mr. EWING. I knew you did not. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 do not make it a rule to object because I
do*not understand a question.
Mr. HIBBARD. It is enough for the gentle-
man to prescribe a rule for the government of his
own course.
Mr. EWING. If the gentleman chooses to
adopt a different rule, he may conform to it. If
the Speaker will allow, as the gentleman does not
understand the question, I will explain the reasons
for the motion which I have submitted. I learn,
as I said before, from one of the Senators, that
the resolution which was adopted by this House,
on the report of its Judiciary Committee, provid-
ing for the appointment of a select joint committee
for the consideration of the proposed amendment
to the Constitution, in reference to the mode of
electing the President mid Vice President, is not
in conformity with the usages of the two Houses.
I was not aware of that, and of course the com-
mittee was not aware of it. A Senator just in-
formed me of it; he told mp that, on consultation
with the Secretary of the Senate, he found that
the precedent of the affair of the San Francisco
steamship was a departure from the custom of
Congress. He also further informed me, in pri-
vate conversation—whether he was correct or not
it is impossible for me fo say—that since the de-
feat of a certain bill in this House, sent from the
Senate, there is not,perhaps, any general disposi-
tion there to indulge in any great stretch of cour-
tesy to this House. I therefore hope that, as we
cannot act upon the resolution laid on the table
by the House, and that the select committee Ap-
pointed cannot even make a report under these
circumstances of embarrassment, that my motion
will be agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Speaker, I will say that
my reason for objecting to this proceeding is, that
I am opposed in principle to the whole project
of the gentleman from Kentucky, fin his prop-
osition to amend the Constitution. It is not, 1 be-
lieve, expedient to adopt such a measure, and I do
not believe that Congress will authorize any such
proceeding.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ewing] permit me to ask a question ?
Mr. Ewing yielded the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
s from Kentucky if the resolution of which he
speaks is now in the possession of the House?
Permit me here, however, to state, that I am ad-
vised that the resolution of which the gentleman
speaks is no longer in the possession of the House.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman from Ohio
does not seem to understand my motion.
Mr. DISNEY. And I am advised that it was
transmitted from this body to the Senate, and dis-
approved.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] did not, perhaps, understand my motion.
The resolution is not in possession of this House;
and it is for that very reason that I desire to move
tc recall it from the Senate, at the request of the
Senator himself.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Kentucky
did not hear the latter part of my remarks. I am
advised that the resolution has gone to the Senate,
and been disapproved of.
Mr/EWING. I will have to call the gentle-
man from Ohio to order for referring to the action
of the Senate. I am not so officially advised.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to suggest to
my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Ewing] that it
would be probably better for him to allow the
Senate to dispose of it, if they have not already
done so; and then, if he choose, he can ask the
House to allow him to create a special committee
on the subject. I suppose that is the object which
he seeks, to let the House reconsider. And if that
is his object 
Mr. I^WING. I do not want to have it recon-
sidered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed that the object of
the gentleman was to have the matter referred to
a committee of this House.
Mr. EWING. We have had a committee al-
ready appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; but I understand they
cannot act, because of the fact that the resolution
appointed a joint committee of both Houses, and
the Senate will not join.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman from Alabama
is misinformed. I deny—as I have a right, offi-
cially, at least, to deny—that the Senate have
acted upon it; for there is no such official inform-
ation here. I am now acting in compliance with
the advice of a Senator who once presided over
this House, and in whose parliamentary knowl-
edge I have the utmost confidence—although it
failed him in that instance, so far, at least, that it
is not customary to appoint a joint committee on
a proposition of this sort, or anything of general
i legislation. I move for the withdrawal of this res-
olution in compliance with this advice, and in
order that a select committee may be appointed on
the resolution of this House which wi'l report on
that matter, which is, at least, of sufficient im-
portance to be examined.
I am not aware that, because thegentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. or because any
other gentleman, whatever influence he may have
upon this floor, or with the country, has made up
his mind, and has examined the subject so fully
as to have satisfied himself about it, th.it therefore
the country and the House are precluded from fur-
ther investigation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Kentucky that the question is not
open to debate.
Mr. EWING. I was making an explanation.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not legitimately debatable.
Mr. EWING. What is the state of the ques-
tion before the House? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The question pending is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
himself to suspend the rules, so as to enable him
to make the motion, which motion is not debat
able.
Mr. EWING. Debate has sprang up upon
the subject, and I do not want it to go by the
board without examination. I believe this House
has integrity of purpose enough to examine this
matter, after one of its most respectable commit-
tees has reported that it ought to be examined,
and after this House has adopted a resolution for
the appointment of a committee for that purpose.
I do not believe the House will stultify itself so
far as to retrace its footsteps after having ordered
an investigation, and therefore I asked the House
to withdraw the resolution, a request which I
presumed no gentleman would object to.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules, and it is not debat-
able.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. EWING. I now move that a message be
sent to the Senate, requesting that body to return
the resolution asking for a joint committee upon
the subject of an amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hibbard and
Ewing appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 53.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CUTTING. There are two or three im-
portant bills upon the Speaker's table which ought
to be taken up and referred before we adjourn.
Mr. HIESTER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jamuiry 24, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbcrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POST ROADS BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Rcsoh-edy That the Postmaster General be directed to re-
port to the Senate what steps have befin taken to execute
the 11th section of the "act to establish certain post road«,
and for other purposes," approved the 31st day of August,
1H52; and slate whether it is the design of the Depaitment
to put in operation tlio service provided for in said section ,
and if not, for what reasons.
ADMISSIONS TO THE FLOOR.
On the motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the rule yes-
terday adopted, prescribing who shall enjoy the
privilege of admission to the floor of the Senate,
was so amended as to include the Mayor of George-
town .
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the following
resolution was considered and agreed to:
Ilcsoli.ed, That, for the residue of the present session,
every Friday shall be set apart exclu-ivcly for the consid-
eration of pnvate bills on the general orders of the day;
and that on the first Friday of every month no such billshall
be taken up to which'there may be objection, or the con-
sideration of which may lead to debate.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, find agreed to:
.R/>?oZiy?d\ That the Committee on Pensions be directed
to report to the Senate upon the expediency of increasing
the ldtea of pensions of the noncommissioned ofiieei8? who
have served, or who may serve, in the Army of the United
States.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Charles
F. Fisher, praying Congress to purchase a paint-
ing executed by him, representing the battle of
New Orleans: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Michael
Nourse, late chief clerk in the office of the Reg-
ister of the Treasury, praying compensation for
the several periods during which he performed
duties as Register under a commission from the
President of the United States, and, also, for act-
ing as disbursing agent; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of William
Rees, praying permission to select ten or twelve
thousand acres of public land, to be laid out as a
