1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
will take this proposition, which was first recom-
mended by the committee, or the one now under
consideration, and which has also been recom-
mended.
ThePRESIDENT. TheSenator from Missis-
sippi gives notice that he will hereafter move to
strike oat all of the bill after the enacting clause,
and insert a substitute, which will be read.
It was read, as follows:
That the laws now in force, granting preemption to ac-
tual settlers on the public lands, shall continue until other-
wise ordered by Congress, and that the same be extended
to all the Territories of the United Slates.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That from and after
the passage oftbtsact, the rights of preemptors shall bo per-
petuated, that is to say: persons acquiring the right of
preemption, shall retain thesame without disturbance, and
without payment of any kind to the United Stat.-s, but on
these conditions: Fir^t. The preemptor shall not -ell,
alienate, or dispose of his or her right for a consideration ;
and if he or site voluntarily abandon one preemption and
claim another, no right shall be acquired by such claim
until the claimant shall fkst have testified, under oa'h,
before the register of the land office, when the claim is
preferred, that he or she has voluntarily abandoned his or
her original preemption, and that no consideration, reward,
or payment of any kind, has been received, or is expected,
directly or indirectly, as an inducement for such abandon-
ment; and any person who shall testify faUely in such ca-e
shall be deemed guilty of perjury. Second." Any person
claiming and holding the right of preemption to lands under
this act, may be required by the Stdte within which the
same lies to pay taxes thereon, in the same manner and
to the same extent as if he or she owned the said land in
fee-sunple; and in case such lands are sold for taxes, the
purchaser shall acquire the right of preemption only.
Third. Absence of the preemptor and his family for six
consecutive months shall he d"em«d an abandonment,and
the land shall, m &uch case, reveit to the United States,
and be subject to ttie same disposition as other public lands
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itfuither enacted, That no lands entered
Upon, and held under the provisions of this act, or the im-
provements thereon, shall ever be sold under arty judgment
or decree for any debt or other liability or penalty to the
United States; nor shall any saleof the same for debt, other
liability, or peualty (other than lor taxes) under the authority
of ariy State, or the courts thereof, entitle the purchaser to
any right to disturb the pos«(\-sion of the precinptoi by
puiehase from the Government; nor shall it bo lawful to
issue a patent for any such land t« any such purchaser.
Sf.c. 4. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That the preemptor
may at any time, at his or her discretion, enter the lands
preempted* by paying therefor to the proper officer of the
United States one dollar and twenty five cents per aero.
See. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That in case of the
preemptor's death, if a married jnan, his right shall survive
to his widow and intantchtldren ; butthe rights of the older
children shall cease as they respectively come of age, or
wtoen they shall reach the age of twenty one years. In all
cases the right of preemption shall remain in the youngest
child. And in ca>c of the death of both father and mother,
leaving an infant child or children, the exccutor, adminis-
trator, or guardian, shall, upon suhrnittmgsatiafactory proof
ot that fact to the register and receiver of the propei land
office, be entitled to a patent for the land so preempted for
the benefit ot said infant child or children, and may there-
aftei hell ^aid lands, or otherwise dispose of them, for the
benefit of the infant child or children aforesaid.
Mr. ADAMS. I only wish to say that the
amendmentof my colleague meets my entire appio-
bation; and that if I shall be here when the vote
is taken upon it, I will vote for it. I make this
explanation merely because it is probable that, on
account of the indisposition of my family, I may
leave here in a few days.
Mr. WELLER. 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow at
one o'clock, so that we may have an Executive
session.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the Senator to make
liis motion general, to postpone until to-morrow,
arid not to any particular hour, for we may be
able to reach the bill before one o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were opened.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker of the House had
signed two enrolled bills.
The President thereupon signed the en-
rolled bill to authorize the school commissioners
of fractional township No. 1, of range No. 10
east, in Alabama, to locate one half section of
land for school purposes; and the enrolled bill to
amend the third section of the act " making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending June 30,1854,
and for other purposes." ^
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRES1 DENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, in an-
swer to the resolution of the Senate, of the 11th
instant, transmitting information in relation to the
contract of J. W. Kelly, for the transportation of
the mail from Bainbridge, Georgia, to Appalachi-
cola, Florida; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 19, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbcrw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Post Office Department, transmitting
specific estimates of money expected to be required
for the service of that Department for the year
commencing July 1, 1854. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. These are the reg-
ular annual estimates from that Department. I
move that, without reading, they be referred to
the Committee of Ways and M|ans, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to, and the order en-
tered.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
1 ment, transmitting an estimate for the ocean mail
service, payable out of the revenue of that Depart-
ment, for the year commencing 1st July, 1854;
which was also referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OP THE DAY.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
: is the call of committees for reports, commencing
| with the Committee on the Post Office and Post
j Roads.
! Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported bacl^ Senate bill
for the relief of Almanzon Huston.
Mr. 0. said: The committee make an adverse
report upon this bill. I do not, however, propose
to move to lay it upon the table, as is usual in
such cases. 1 move that it be leferred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
'■ bill be laid on the table.
Mr. OLDS. I have no objection to its being
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, reported
back the following Senate bills, with a recom-
mendation that they do not pass; which were re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed:
S. No. 303. An act for the relief of Llewellyn
Washington; and
S. No. 303. An act for the relief of James M.
Goggin.
MAIL CONTRACT.
Mr. OLDS. 1 am directed to report back Sen-
; ate resolution entitled "A resolution for extending
an existing contract for carrying the mail in Ala-
j bama," with the recommendation that it do pass.
: I desire to trouble the House with a word or two
of explanation; and I am sorry that I am com-
pelled to ask the House to let me put the resolu-
tion on its passage, knowing that members have
been troubled too much with such applications of
late. . -
The facts are simply these: If this resolution
be not passed before the25th of this month, it will
be of no consequence to the parties to have the
resolution passed at all. 1 would state, for the
information of the House, that the committee have
taken a good deal of pains to investigate this case,
which caused some excitementhere the other day.
In obedience to the resolution of the House, the
Postmaster General has sent us copies of all the
correspondence and contracts and petitions and
reports which have been made to him on the sub-
ject. The committee find nothing in this case-but
what is fair and honest. An attempt was made
the other day to prejudice the House in relation
to this case. The fiouse was perhaps prejudiced
against this claim, from the fact that Alr.JMet;
calfe, who had been the special agent for the Post
Office Department for the State of Alabama, was
connected with Mr. Powell in the contract. I de-
sire to disabuse the House of any prejudice they
may have received from the representation of this
kind. They will see at a single glance, Mr.
Speaker, that it is not reasonable that the Post-
master General should have discharged Mr. Met-
calfe from being the special agent of the Post
Office Department, and that he should still haye
been such a favorite with him, that after having
thus discharged him he should award Mr. Met-
calfe a contract unjust in itself. There is an ab-
surdity on the very face of it. It is unreasonable
to suppose that there should be such relations ex-
isting between Mr. Metcalfe and the Postmaster
General as should make him a favorite with that
officer, while at the same time he had discharged
him from being a special agent of the Post Office
Department. He discharged him, not because
there was anything wrong in the conduct of Mr.
Metcalfe as agent, but under the general rule that
obtains that when there is a change of Adminis-
tration there should be a change of officers—the
Postmaster General being a Democrat, and Mr.
Metcalfe a Whig.
Mr. GREY. With the gentleman's permission,
I would ask him to state the date at which Mr.
Metcalfe ceased to be the special agent for the Post
Office Department, and the date of the commence-
ment of this contract.
Mr. OLDS. I am unable, Mr. Speaker, to
state precisely the date. I believe that Mr, Met-
calfe was discharged some time in June; and that
this contract was also made in June, the latter por-
tion of the month, perhaps the last day, or a day
or two of the end of June.
Now, what has all that to do with the case ?
What difference would it make if Mr. Metcalfe
had been discharged upon the very day that thin
contract was made with Mr. Powell? Mr. Met-
calfe came into this contract from the fact that he
is the special friend of Mr. Powell. Mr. Powell
became the assignee of Wade Allen, who formerly
held the contract, and he associated with himself
Mr. Metcalfe, a discharged special agent of the
Post Office Department; and after Mr. Powell had
associated Mr. Metcalfe with him, inasmuch as the
Post Office Department could have no objection to
his being thus associated, it was the duty of the
Postmaster General, as a matter of course, in
making the contract, to name Mr. Metcalfe with
Mr. Powell in that contract.
But I ask gentlemen, in order to disabuse their
minds of any prejudice that may have been cre-
ated against the validity and honesty of the con-
tract by the fact that it has been given to a dis-
charged agent, or, as is represented, an agent of
the PostOffice Department, to look at the fact tljat
the Postmaster General conceived it to be his duty
to discharge Mr. Metcalfe, who was a Whig
special agent of the Post Office Department; but
at the same that he felt it to be his duty to dis-
charge him for political reasons, and political rea-
sons only, to show that the Postmaster General
had no ill feeling against this man, he was willing
that he should be associated with Mr. Powell m
this contract. Would you infer from that any
favoritism on the part of the Postmaster General
towards Mr. Metcalfe? Then, why did he dis-
charge him from the post of special agent? Hp
has kept other men in his employ who are Whigs.
Why did he discharge Mr. Metcalfe, if that gen-
tleman is such a friend of his that be would show
him favoritism in awarding this contract^ 1 hope
there is no prejudice of this kind existing in the
minds of members.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. WilUhe gentle-
man permit me to ask him a question r
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. The time for receiving bids for
carrying the mails in all that section of country
where this route is has been closed. I suppose
the bids have all been opened, and that it is known
to the Postmaster General now what propositions
have been made for carrying the mails upon that
route for the next four years from the termination
of the present contract. Does the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
know anything of such bids? . ■
Mr. OLDS. If it were in the power of the chair-
man of the Comnuttee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to know anything of the kind, it must
