1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
normal settlement; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on PuDlic Lands.
Mr. SL1DELL presented a petition of officers
of the United States Wavy, and the marine corps
attached to the Gulf squadron during the (ate war
with Mexico, and now belonging to the^quadron
operating in the Japan seas, praying to be placed
upon the same footing as those who served on the
coast of California and Mexico during the war;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. TOTJCEY presented the petition of Hotch-
kiss & Lewis, the petition of Josiah Leland, the
petition of A. Lane & Co., and the petition of T.
Lathrop & Son, praying the passage of a law to
protect patentees and those holding rights under
them, against the invasion of their patents by per-
sons in the British provinces; which were referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of Abner Bassett and others,
owners and masters of vessels, pilots, and others,
praying that a beacon may be placed on Black
Ledge, at the entrance of the harbor of New Lon-
don, Connecticut; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. NORRIS presented a petition of citizens of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls'of Niagara; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. _
Mr. BUTLER, presented the petition of the
heirs of H. N. Cruger, praying compensation for
losses sustained by Indian spoliations in Florida
during the years 1835 and 1836; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DODGE, Of Iowa, presented a petition of
inhabitants of the counties of Shelby, Menomonee,
an^ Harrison, in the State of Iowa, praying the
erection of a suitable military station in order to
protect them from the attacks of the neighboring
tribes of Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, for the establishment of a mail route
from Brownsville, via Richwoods, Clear Lake, and
Bocage's Mill, to Pine Bluff, Arkansas'; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Jefferson, Dallas,
and Bradley counties, in the State of Arkansas,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Lehigh post office, via Brushy Woods, to Store's
Gin; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have been requested to pre-
sent a memorial very numerously signed by citi-
zens of Maine, asking that some provision of law
may be made by which those soldiers who served
in the war of 1812, and were imprisoned at Hali- .
fax and Dartmoor, may be entitled to a pension. j
To the consideration of this memorial 1 ask the j
careful attention of the Committee on Pensions. |
I think there were no persons who served during j
that war—indeed, I think there is no class of per- j
sons whatever—who have ever rendered services |
to the country, and who endured such hardships,
which so much affected the health of all, as a body,
as those imprisoned on that occasion. There aie !
but a few left; and I think, of all who remain, j
none can be found who have not infirm constitu- j
tions. I move that the petition be referred to the ,
Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of Charles
P. Williams and others, owners and agents of
vessels, masters and pilots, and others, praying
that a beacon may be placed on Sugar reef, and
buoys at the eastern extremity of Watch Hill reef,
and on Wamphassoc shoal, and that the break-
water in Stoningtoii ht-rbor may be repaired;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
ni erce.
Mr." FITZPATR1CK presented an additional
document in relation to the petition of Um^i Wal-
lace Wormeley; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a document m rela-
tion to the claim of Sally T\ B. Cochrane for com
i may
i/rh
W Mi
Ordere! That tlift documents on the file? of tlie Senate
iei«uwt!  <o the application of the Mutual Innmaiico Com-
pany ot Washington for a chattel, be refened to the Com-
mittee on the Disuict of' Columbia.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Theodore E. Elliot, praying compensation for
a keel-boat furnished the Cherokee agent for the
use of the United States, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Hiram Moore and John Flascall, pray-
ing the renewal of their patent for a harvesting
machine, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for their relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill to provide for the
surrender of certain bonds of the State of Indiana
held by the United States, have directed me to re-
port it back with an amendment in the form of a
substitute, together with a report, which I ask
may be printed.
""he report was ordered to be printed.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS TERRITORIES. ■
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I ask the j
Senate now to proceed to the consideration of the j
special order of the day, the bill to organize the j
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas. 1
Mr. NORRIS. I hope the Senator from Illi- j
nois will not press the consideration of that bill j
to-day. It is a matter of great importance, and ,
Senators have not yet had time to examine the |
substitute which lie reported from the committee i
yesterday. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator from i
New Hampshire, that in speaking to members
about the subject for the last two or three weeks I
; have discovered, I think, that a large portion of
! them have not read the bill, and I do not know of
i any way of getting them to read it but by entering
j upon the consideration of the subject. It is not
l my purpose to press it to a vote immediately. I
will give such time as may be necessary. We
shall not get to a vote upon the bill or the amend-
ments for some days, I suppose, and my impres-
sion is, that the sooner the discussion upon it is
commenced the better it will be. 1 submit to the
Senator that my object is to act upon it at as early
a day as possible.
I find it generally to be the case with my teiri-
torial bills, that if i do not got them acted on early
in the session, they are crowded over by other
business at the end of the session, and aie always
postponed for want of time. I deem it, therefore,
my duty to keep the territorial bills as far ahead
as I can. I acknowledge frankly to the Senate j
that there are a great many territorial bills that i !
want to hnve taken up as soon as possible, before
the Senate take up other matters for consideration
that may override them.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will not press the consideration of the bill tins
morning. As introduced originally by the Sena-
tor from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge.] it was the simple
bill which was presented to the Senate for its con-
all the Senators should know their exact position
on the floor, and the representation of the States
should be as full as possible. It therefore seems
to me that the discussion upon that question should
precede the discussion on this bill. Under all
these cncumstances, therefore, I would suggest to
the Senator from Ilifhois whether it would not be
better to postpone this bill until some day of next
week, and make it the special order, with the un-
derstanding that it shall then be proceeded with?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. So far as 1 am
concerned, 1 do not care how soon the debate
commences, and I think the sooner the better; but
in order to obviate the objection made by the
Senator from Ohio, I make this suggestion: The
chairman of the Committee on Territories [Mr. -
Dottgi.as] is as well prepared now to deliver to
the Senate his opinions on the bill as he ever will
be, and I think if it were taken up, and the chair-
man allowed the opportunity of making his ex-
planation, the Senate would be better informed
upon it by that process than they will be by any
other. If, after he shall have made his explanatory
speech, gentlemen desiie to postpone the bill until
to-morrow or the next day, I have no objection;
but I think it will facilitate it materially by per-
mitting the chairman to have the bill taken up, so
that he may express himself up"on the subject to-
day. I hope we shall pursue that course.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not wish to have the
question put upon any point of courtesy to me. I
have no speech to make. I shall wish to make
an explanation of ten or fifteen minutes, in order
to call the attention of the Senate to the points of
the bill; and I am willing to do it whenever the
bill is brought up for discussion, whether to-day,
or at such other time as the Senate may determine.
If the Senate see fit to take it up to-day, and post-
pone it until Monday, and make it the special or-
der from day to day until disposed of, 1 am will-
ing to consent to it.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly; we desire that to
be done.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall acquiescc cheerfully
in any action which the Senate may take, provided
they will consider the bill at an early day, and
keep it up until we get through with it.
Mr. CASS. 1 submit, under the circumstan-
ces, to the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Territories, whether it would not be better to
let the bill he over until Monday? It embraces
important points, about which there will be a great
deal of discussion, and many gentlemen say they
have not read the bill,and are not prepared to en-
ter upon its consideration. It seems to me, there-
fore, that just comity requires that in so import-
ant a measure there should be no appearance of
precipitancy, nor should any effort to force any
gentleman to consider it when he is not prepared
be permitted. I submit, then, whether, under the
circumstances, it would not be better to let it lie
over until the day named, and then be taken up,
so that no one can be charged with precipitating
the subjcct \mnccessarily3
i Mr. DOUGLAS. It seeming to be the gene-
1 ral wish of the Senate that it should be postponed
i unt'l Monday, and made the special order for that
i day 
1 Mr. SUMNER,. Say to-day week.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to take it up
so late m the week—I will submit the motion
sion to-morrow, owms,
—   , , , , i j ' we all very much regret, and which is within the
pensation for a horse lost by her *ate hu-joaiui m knowledge of all the members of the Senate. The
the military service; which was referred to the spe(.ia| ^u^ho
Committee on Military AiFairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED
sideration at the last session. It has since under- , .
pone very important changes in the hands of the \\ that the bill be postponed to, anu made the special
Committee on Territories, and been printed and 1 order of the day fm, Monday next, and be the
• - • ' 11 special order fium day to day until it is disposed
of.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the motion of the Senator
from Illinois will prevail. I think it due to the
Senate that they should have an opportunity of
understanding precisely the bearings and the effect
of the amendment which has been recently incor-
porated into the bill, as originally reported by the
committee—I mean that portion of the amendment
which alludes to slavery within the Territories
proposed to be organized—Nebraska and Kansas.
So far as I am individually concerned, I am per-
fectly satisfied with the amendmsnt reported by
the Senator from Illinois, and which has been in-
■ corporated into the bill. If I understand it, it
: reaches a point which I am most anxious to at-
i tarn—that is to say, it virtually repeals the act of
• -i j . ' luon fnmmonlv called the Missouri compromise
neciai nueyhon or n-ivilege with regard to the , IWO, commomy ttujcu t
.. pei mi [u t _ .i^hrinp- that slavery should not exist north
, ncht of a gentleman irom Vermont to his seat in , act, declarn1 ° -v, . ,
; the Senate has also been made the special order : of the line of 36° 30; no.th latitude.
laid on the tables of Senators embodying these
changes. Only yesterday the committee changed
the form of the "bill altogether, and proposed to
I create two Territories instead of one, and also
[ changed materially the provisions upon other ques-
tions of very great public interest; and the bill thus
having been changed in fact into two bills, has been
oidy laid on the tables of Senators this morning,
and I presume no one has had an opportunity to
read it. It involves very important matters, and I
think that when we 'like it up it should be with a
determination to proceed with it until it shall be
disposed of.
It is not probable that the Senate will be in ses-
to a circumstance which
On motion by Mr. .NORRIS, it was
for
benate nas aiso oeen maue u.e u j. "occasion to remark, merely with
to-morrow; and it has been very desirable that i! ineieuia '
