950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
be known to him in violation of the rules of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. JONES. Well, if the gentleman does not
wish to answer the question, I wilt not press it.
But this is the condition of this case: The con-
tractors had the contract; the Postmaster General
made another contract with them for additional
service at $24,000 per annum, with the condition
that if he could not get authority to extend the
whole contract for four years from the termination
of the existing contract, he would pay them at the
rate of $30,000 instead of $24,000.
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. Now, if the Postmaster General
has bids for transporting the mails upon this route
which will be more advantageous to the Govern-
ment than it would be to extend this contract, I
think he should take a more advantageous bid,
and pay the alternative contract of $30,000.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman interrupted my
reply to his question; but I deem it important that
I should finish what I had to say with reference to
my knowledge of other bids, and what those bids
were.
Sir, one of the charges made the other day by
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky against
the Postmaster General was, that that officer did not
permit him to go into the rooms of the clerks in
the Post Office Department, and himself examine
the papers. Why, sir, suppose the Postmaster
General should give permission of that kind to
the public generally, what would be the result?
What might be the result?
If you extend this privilege to the Post Office
Department, this rule should be adopted in nil the
Departments—even m the Department of the Sec-
retary of State. Suppose that one of the honor-
able members of Congress should desire to go
into the Department of the Secretary of State and
examine the secret, correspondence on file in his
office—correspondence in regard to which, when
you call upon the President (or copies of it, you
always insert a provision " if he deems it not
inexpedient with the public interests." Yet the
gentleman says if this rule was relaxed, gen-
tlemen could go to the Post Office Depaitmentand
get the bids. Precisely a case of this kind has
occurred within three or four days. The bids to
which the gentleman from Tennessee [M r. Jonks]
refers were opened on the 10th of April by the
Assistant Postmaster General. They were not
known to the Postmaster General himself, but
they were indorsed and opened in the presence of
the assistants, and are entered upon the books;
and no person has aright to know anything about
them unui they are declared publicly on the '25th
day of April. A case occuired since the opening
of these bid.'4, on the 10th of the present month,
like this: A contractor, who had offered a bid for
a mail contract at £>*28,500, ascertained, m some
manner—I do not know how—that he was under-
bid. Upon nn examination of the entries upon
the books of the Department, it has been found that
that bid of $28,500 hoa been changed to $23,500.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Upon what route?
Mr. OLDS. I do not recollect upon what route
it was. The Postmaster General found it to be
his duty to order the clerk of the Depaitment,
having charge of that pai tioular desk, to give .in
account of himself. Another clerk in that De-
partment addressed a communication to the Post-
master General, declaring that the cleik who is
ordered fo give an account of himself is innocent
of the charge. The Postmaster General says to
him, "If you know this man is innocent, you
must know who is guilty. Tell me who is the
guilty person.5' But he would not do it, not be-
cause, it is supposed, that hehimselfhas changed
the bid, but that he is cognizant of the fact that
the contracter himself has had access by come
means or other to the books of the Depart-
ment and has seen the bids, and if the fact should
be established upon the contractor, he would
be forever precluded from making any farther
contracts. This clerk submits to the degrada-
tion of resigning rather than implicate the guilty
person m the transaction. I refer to this case to
show the necessity of the rule established by the
Postmaster General, that the papers in charge of
the clerks in the different bureaus should not be
submitted to the inspection of any person what-
ever.
Mr. GREY. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Olds] puts a singular phase upon this affair. Have
we any " State secrets, "or records of delicate nego-
tiations with foreign Governments, in the Post Office
Department? I claimed the right, as a member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
to make a personal examination of the " public
records," with the aid and assistance of the
clerks having charge of them in the public rooms,
which the chairman of that committee [Mr. Olds]
knows was never before denied to the members
of that committee or of Congress. lie has often
gone there, as well as myself, and never was
denied the exercise of the privilege I claimed; and
when I spoke to him of those new rules and regu-
lations, he replied: " I should like to see any of
them refuse, to allow me to go m and see the bids.55
And yet he comes in here and makes the speech
he has this morning, from which it might be
inferred that I wished to examine the bids; yet,
sir, he knows I wanted to see no such thing. He
knows the unacted on bids are not " public
records." All bids are locked up when received
for the annual lettmgs until a certain day, of
which notice is given m the printed advertisements
of the Post Office Department, when the seal of
each bid is broken in the presence of the Post-
master General. Then the clerks are locked up
with them in certain specified rooms until they
record all of them (which have been received)
into large books. The doors of the rooms are
locked until all the bids are thus recorded, and
until the Postmaster General has reviewed the
bids and decided to which bid each contract shall
be assigned. Up to that time they are the " sccret
records" of the Post Office Department. But from
the time that those decisions are made, the doors
are thrown open, the books are subject to inspec-
tion, and all are, or have ever heretofore been,
permitted to come in and examine them.
Now, I ask any gentleman who is a member of
this, or who was a member of any preceding Con-
gress, if he has ever known a member of Con-
gress, a contractor, or bidder, to be refused the
pnvilege of going to the clerks' rooms to inspect the
public records of the Department until since this
case for action > But now, forsooth, all who de-
sire to look at the papers and books of the Depart-
ment, are re<Juired to go into the room of the Post-
master or Assistant PostmasterGeneral,and there
await their pleasure to bring in the public records
of the Department, that they may examine them.
This is done by a Democratic Administration !
Why done, sir? Is it m order to conceal and
smother and hide their doings? What member
of this House has leisure to go through all that
formula, and yield to all that ridiculous etiquette
and nonsense sought to be enfoiced by an eastern
and city gentleman now at the head of that Depart-
ment. Sir, the Postmaster General sent a message
to us reque&tw^ that we should sanction an illegal
act of his, in order to give it validity. The mat-
ter was referred for investigation to the committee
of which I was a member. I introduced a reso-
lution calling for information—for the facts in. the
ease, and for the data upon which the Postmaster
General had assumed the privilege of making pri-
vately a contract on a mail unite foi the next tour
years, when the law positively requires that he
shall ad^vei tise and relet every four years to the
lowest bidder. The reply of the Postmaster Gen-
eral was' contradictory in itself—incomplete, and
did not state the facts as they existed.
Sir, [ can establish, by the report itself, all I
have charged. The report, I say, does not state
all the facts truly, but withholds some, and equiv-
ocates insmceiely as to others; therefore I desired
a personal examination. But loand behold! His
Honor had just then adopted an oider, which
said, in suost.mce, u Jj you are not satisfied with
my report, you shall not have any additional informa-
tion, nor the chance of detecting my cyrors." Sir,
if all had been honest and fair on those records,
would not he and his second assistant have desired
an examination of their records? Sccret records in
regaidlo the making of mail contracts by the Post-
master General! Sir, do you call that one of the
principles of this, the " age of progress?"
Thus, sir, has the PostmasterGeneral asked us
to indorse his illegal acts, and refused to permit us
to see and know thedata upon which he presumed
to violate a positive law of Congress in regard to
"letting" of mail contracts. I proposed to in-
troduce into this Democratic House of Congress
a resolution asking the Postmaster General for a
copy of those now rules of his. But, it not being
"resolution day," any one member objecting
would, under the rules of the House, prevent my
getting a vote upon them. One member did ob-
ject, and I now give notice that I will, when it is in
order, again ask for copies of those new rules which
seem to have been adopted to conceal the facts in
regard to this particular case.
Mr. OLDS, (interrupting.) I am sorry to be
obliged to interrupt the gentleman, but he is ex-
tending his remarks somewhat, and I must re-
sume what I have to say; and the gentleman will
have an opportunity to bring up the matter on
which he is speaking at some other time; and, if
i he chooses, after I have finished my remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] one
question before he takes his seat. Did I under-
stand the gentleman, when he spoke upon this sub-
ject some days ago, to state when he was told at the
Post Office Department that he could not go into
the rooms of the clerks to examine books or rec-
ords, that the Assistant Postmaster General told
him at the same time that he would send for all
the books and papers appertaining to the subject
which the gentleman wished to investigate, and
that he would exhibit them to him in his room ?
Mr. GREY. He replied to me that he would
send a clerk for the books and papers, (I presume
he meant for such as I desired to see,) and told
me of the rules and regulations that had been
adopted.
Mr. JONES. I recollect very distinctly that,
daring the last Administration, an order was made
m the Pension Office that neither a member of this
House or of the Senate could go into a clerk5s
room and look for a bounty land warrant, without
! first going to the Commissioner of Pensions, or to
; the chief clerk, and getting an order to permit
| him to do so.
! Mr. OLDS. And I am told that that rule is
| still enforced.
; Mr. JONES. Most frequently under that rule
i they sent for books and papery, and had them
j brought to the Commissioner's or clerk's room,
j Now, I ask the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
j Grey] if there is any room in the Post Office De
, partment where they permit contractors to see
j any of these bids until they are opened and de-
! cided upon by the Department and registered? I
i ask, further, if, when the bids are decided and
; registered, they are not, from that time, opened
i to the inspection of everybody—contractors, bid-
j ders,and all other persons who wish to see them ?
j Mr. GREY. The gentleman is well aware that
J I did not desire to see any bids. Sir, it was before
, the lettings now going on at the Department that
, I went to examine the facts in regard to this special
j contract of the Postmaster General, which he
| made last summer and fall, but which, by law,
: was obliged to be made now. Yes, sir, wow, and
, at these present " lettmgs." Sir, there are records
1 in the Pension Office relating to private rights
1 and the interests of poor widows and orphans,
i which ought not, perhaps, to be investigated by
1 speculators, who thereby could ascertain the pen-
sions due to minors, and thus buy them up
| for a mere song, before the heirs could find out
, their value. But the gentleman admits that by
; cmllingfiist on the Commissioner of Pensions, or
chief clerk, he was allowed to go to the rooms
1 and examine the "records." But, sir, did the
gentleman ever hear of a member of Congress
being refused to examine the " public records"
of that Department until after the Postmaster Gen-
eral sent to Congress for their sanction of his
conduct in regaid to this mail contract? That is
the point, sir.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to do my colleague justice
in reference to this matter. At a meeting of the
committee before the one in which he resigned his
position as a member of that committee, the gen-
tleman stated his griefs. I was not, at that time,
aware of the existence of the order of the Post
Office Department; for it had been my practice
universally to go to the head of a Department, who
sent for a clerk to come and give me the inform*
ation I called for; and I did so now. I told that
gentleman that I would go with him to the De-
partment and that we would have full access to
all the papers we desired to see. Perhaps I used
the very language the gentleman has quoted this
morning. I make this statement in justice to the
; gentleman, for I have always had a very high
< regard for the gentleman from Kentucky, having
