1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19.
Senator from Indiana, is the amount of the
$5,000,000 bonds with interest on them, calcu-
lated up to the time of their maturity, and, there-
fore, it is manifest if we adopt this bill, we shall
be gmr<g the creditors of Texas a gum between
$2,000,000 and $1,700,000 more than is now due
upon the bonds.
The only question, therefore, is, as to these two
millions. Will the United States give the two
millions beyond what they now actually owe to
the State of Texas, in order to settle this vexed
question, in order to relieve ourselves of the per-
petual demands of the creditors of Texas, for
ample and full indemnity, upon the Treasury of
the United States, and in order to relieve them
from the consequences of the delay which is sq,
ruinous to them ?
I think we have often made appropriations upon
f rounds vastly weaker than those on which this
ill is urged. For myself, I shall not hesitate to
give it my vote, not.upon the ground that we are
under strict legal obligation to pay this money,
but because we are under liability to Texas to pay
her $5,000,000 with mteiest upon it, which in
about ten years would amount to the precise sum
mentioned in the bill,and because the excess over
what we now undisputably owe is, I think, a
small consideration to pay for the settlement of a
question likely to harass us so long, and which,
in all probability, at some day, if not now, will
be acknowledged. And it should also be done
for the relief of the individual creditors, whose
safety from ruin depends upon the action we take
on this bill. If we do not pass it, or some other
bill like it, the question will remain unsettled until
the expiration of the fourteen years, the time for
which these bonds were considered as issued.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the honorable Senator
gits down I desire to ask him if he has calculated
what the debt, and interest, and premium, up to
this timevwould be?
Mr. PEARCE, The debt and the interest
upon it, up to the 1st of January next, will be
$fr,000,000. As to the premium which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will not pay on these bonds
issued and redeemable by him according to the
pratice pursued, if, acccordmg to the statement of
the honorable Senator from Indiana, it be fourteen
er cent., that would be $700,000 more; that would
e $6,700,000. So that the Senate are to consider
whether they will advance, as a compromise of
this disputed question, the sum of $2,000,000 over
and above what we now actually owe. I think
we should be cheaply rid of the question by
passing the bill to rescue the creditors from ruin,
and satisfy the State of Texas.
Mr. WALKER. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Indiana, I think, does not alter
the question presented by the bill, so far as we
should view it in the relations of the Uaited States
Government to it. I wish to understand it, his mat-
ter, and for that purpose shall state what my
present understanding is, so that if I am wrong
j may be corrected. If I understand it, the Govern-
ment of the United States owes the State of Texas
$5,000,000 under the compromise act, as U is
called, of 1850. Upon these $5,000,000, under
that act, interest, has run which will make it
$6,000,000 on the first of January next. This
sum is taken, and the interest is calculated upon
it for nine or ten years—which ?
Mr. BRIGHT. For nine years.
Mr. WALKER. Then the $6,000,000 is
iaken, and nine years' interest calculated upon it,
and added to the fC.OOO^lOG, and that is made
the aggregate which, m this bill, we are to appro-
friate for the benefit of the creditors of Texas. ff
am correct in that, 1 should like to hear upon
what principle we are to make this advance from
$5,060,000 to $8,500,000. So far as I have heard
.any answer to it, it is given by the Senator from
Maryland, j[Mr. Bearces] and that is, that we
should pay it by way of compromise. I should
like to know if we are in any difficulty with the
State of Texas which as forcing us to a compro-
mise? I do not understand the State as raising
any serious question with the Government as to
the liability of the Government; but if she does
•raise it—<-
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
i did not state that it was a controversy between
<the State of Texas and the United States as to any
amount of money, i stated the claim of Texas,
&M to tixese $5,000,000 of bonds, when the re-
E
should be made. The creditors themselves
allege that they have a claim against the United
States, and many persons Jhink that claim well
founded; and it was as a compromise of that
claim that ! spoke of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 will state to the Senator
that the answer to his position is to be found in
the fact that the debt of Texas, at this time,
amounts to about $13,000,000, say thirteen in
round numbers. Her creditors have sent memo-
rial after memorial here for the last five years*
alleging that the United States is bound for the
payment of every dollar of that debt, on the
ground that Texas was annexed to the United
States under circumstances which took from her
all means of paying the debt, and necessarily
threw it as a charge upon the United States. That
position is denied by many Senators, and by many
others admitted. I am one among the latter, and
I am not alone in it. Now, for the purpose of
effecting a compromise between these parties, and
between the creditors of Texas and the General
Government, we say to them, we will pay you
the $5,000,000 stipulated under the act of 1850,
now; instead of waiting nine years, provided
Texas will assent to the arrangement. Who
doubts that if this proposition fails another ses-
sion will find us legislating again upon this sub-
ject ? Who doubts that the creditors will be found
appealing to us for payment of the entire debt,
and so will they continue until the time shall
have expired for the maturity of the stock stipu-
lated to be issued under the" act"of 1850. This is,
in short, another, and it is to be hoped a full and
final,compromiseof this vexatious and embarrass-
ing subject, and as there is a probability of its ac-
ceptance by the State of Texas, let us close it at
once and forever, justice to our own citizens and
the public interests, alike prompt this course.
Mr. WALKER. The controversy, then, it
seems, is not as between Texas and the General
Government, but between the creditors of Texas
and the General Government; they alleging, on
their part, that the Government of the United States
is liable for the whole'amount of the Texas debt.
That is one question. The question before the
Senate is, What have we agreed to do? Have
we ever assumed the debt of Texas? Not at all;
we have not assumed that debt. We stipulated
by the act of 1850 to pay to Texas $10,000,000.
Five millions of that ten were reserved in the
hands of the Government to meet contingencies
contemplated by the act. Now, it is proposed
that we shall compromise, in consequence of the
claims setup by the creditors of Texas, and pay
$3,500,000 beyond that sum. It is true, that if
the debtshould now be paid—$5,000,000, with in-
terest upon it up to the 1st January next—it would
amount to §6,000,000. That the Government is
bound for; but it has never assumed the debt of
Texas. She promised, by the compromise act of
1850, to pay $5,000,000 in a given time, with in-
terest upon it. This is, then, a proposition which,
in its equivalents, asks the Government to increase
the amount which she has assumed, and to pay
to the creditors of Texas $3,500,000 beyond it.
For one, i say, with the Senator from Virginia,
I cannot vote for it. I am willing to vote now
upon any terms that may be deemed just to the
creditors of Texas, and in which the State of
Texas shall acquiesce, every dollar that was
promised by the act of 1850. They may fix their
own terms, but when they fix terms which do not
simply ask the Government to comply with its
promise of 1850, but ask it to go $3,500,000 be-
yond that, I cannot vote for it.
Mr. RUSK obtained the floor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 do not like to interfere
with the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,{Mr. Stuart.)
The Senator from Texas has the floor. Does he
yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BR6DHEAD. Nor do I wish to prevent
the Senator from Texas addressing the Senate on
this question at this time, if he desires to do so;
but 1 suggest to him whether it would not be bet-
ter, in view of many considerations, that we
should take up this bill to-morrow morning during
the morning hour, and as this is the first time it
has been before us, we ca« then consider it more
thoroughly. It is a pretty large question, and I
think, ail things considered, it would be as well to
let it go over until to-morrow, so that we may
now take up the homestead bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. J stated when I asked the
Senator to take up the bill, that 1 -would not press
it to the prejudice of the special order. If, there-
fore, Senators desire to go on*with the special
order I will give way, but I think we can have a
vote upon this to-day. I hope no Senator wishes
to speak upon it.
Mr. MASON. I have stated to the Senator
from Indiana, when he said that he thought it
would not take more than an hour to consider this
bill, that I should feel it my duty to ask the Senate
to go into Executive session, and 1 must do so
when the debate upon this question closes, or
when the consideration of it is postponed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Do I understand that
the Senator from Texas is willing to postpone the
consideration of the subject until to-morrow ?
Mr. RUSK. I should prefer to go on now. I
shall not occupy more than twenty minutes.
Several Senators. Go on.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, for several years
past, in the early part of every session, some of
the Texas creditors have petitioned Congress for
the payment of• their claims. These petitions
have generally been referred to the Committee on
Finance; and I have, upon several occasions,
urged upon that committee to make an early re-
port, so that time might be allowed for the discus-
sion of the subject.'
While I would make no complain* in reference
to the action of the committee referred to, I am,
nevertheless, compelled to regret that they have
always reported at a late dayin^the session, so
that sufficient time has not been allowed for the
proper discussion of the grave questions presented
by these petitions. I have, upon more than one
occasion, said that although Texas had been lib-
erally charged with repudiation, I could showthat
it was the United States Government, and not
Texas, that repudiated just obligations.
In 1850, immediately after the Committee of
Thirteen was formed, I presented to Mr. Clay,
the chairman of that committee, a proposition
from the Texas delegation for the settlement of
all matters in dispute between that State and the
United States. The proposition was to agree upon
the thirty-fourth parallel of north latitude as the
boundary line, Texas ceding all north of that line
to the United States, and releasing them from all
claims hereafter on account of encroachments
of the Indians of the United States upon Texas
prior to annexation, for a sum sufficient to pay ofT
the Texas debt in full. In the paper which 1 sub-
mitted to Mr. Clay, I stated that a very large por-
tion of that debt had been created by the neces-
sity of defending ourselves against the Indians of
the United States, whom this Government was
bound, by every principle of humanity and good
neighborhood, as well as by treaty obligations, to
restrain, but utterly failed to do so. By this fail-
ure to comply with their treaty obligations, at a
time when she was contending at fearful odds
against Mexico, they subjected Texas, at vast
expense of blood and treasure, to defend herself
against the Indians of the United Stales, whom
you were bound, by the most sacred obligations,
to restrain from outrages upon us. 1 shall, sir,
now proceed, as briefly as possible, to show,
First. That the United States were bound to re-
strain these Indians; and
Secondly. That the Government failed to com-
ply with its obligations in this particular.
If I succeed in establishing these positions, I
think it follows as a necessary consequence that
this Government is in good faith and honor bound
to pay what Texas was forced to expend, in con-
sequence of the violation'of the oft acknowledged
obligations of the United States.
The first piece of evidence which I shall adduce,
is the thirty-third article of the treaty with Mex-
ico in 1831, which is in the following words:
" It is likewise agreed that the two contracting parlies
shall, by all the means m their power, maintain peaf e and
harmony among the several Indian nations who inhabit the
lands adjacent to the line-? and rivers which form the bound-
aries of the two countries; and the beuer to at tarn this
object, both parties bind themselves expressly to restrain
by torce all hostilities and incursions on the pait of the In-
dian nations living within their respective boundaries, so
that the United Stales ot' America will not suffer their In-
dians to attack the citizens of the United Mexican States,
nor the Indians inhabiting their territory, nor will the
United Mexican States permit the Indians re&id.ng within
ilieir territories to commit hosulities against th& citizens of
