THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 90, 1854.
New Series....No. 114.
the United States of America, nor^gainst the Indians re-
siding within the limits of the United States, in any man-
ner whatever. And in the event of any person or persons
captured by the Indians who inhabit the territory of either
of the contracting parties, beingor having been earned into
the territory of the other, both Governments engage and
bind themselves in the most solemn manner to return them
to their country as soon as they know of their being within
their respective territory, or to deliver them up to the agent
or representative of the Government that claims them,
giving to each other reciprocally timely notice, an(l fhe
claimant paying the expenses incurred in the transmission
and maintenance of such person or persons, who, in the
mean time, shall be treated with the utmost hospitality by
the local authorities of the placc where they may be. Nor
shall it be lawful, under any pretext whatever, tor the citi-
zens of cither of the contracting parties to purchase or
hold captive, prisoners made by the Indians inhabiting the
territories of the other."
At the time this treaty was made, Texas was a
part of Mexico, and although she was separated
from that country soon after by revolution, that
revolution did not obliterate the obligations of the
treaty. According to the principles of national
law, Texas was bound by all the obligations
which were applicable to her in her new capacity
as a separate government, and this Government
so claimed; for in a treaty made with Texas in
1838, it is recited that Texas was bound by the
terms of the treaty made by the United States
with Mexico in 1828, in reference to boundary.
The treaty alluded to contains these words:
" Whereas, the treaty of limits, made and concluded on
the twelfth day of January, in the year one thousand eight
hundred and twenty-eight, between the United States of
America on the one part, and the United Mexican States
on the other, is binding upon the Republic of Texai, the
same having been entered into at a time when Texas formed
a part of the said United Mexican States."
Now, sir, it is assumed here that Texas was bound
to the United States by the terms of treaties made
with Mexico, while Texas was « part of that Re-
public. If Texas was thus bound to the United
States, were not the United States, upon the same
principle, bound to Texas; or, in other words, can
the United States claim benefits, and at the same
time avoid responsibility ? The proposition is too
untenable to be even asserted, much less insisted
upon. After her separation from Mexico, the
Republic of Texas claimed the benefit of the thirty-
third article of the treaty of 1831, as will fully ap-
pear by the letters of her diplomatic representa-
tives here, many of which I might produce; but I
will content myself with only reading two of them:
On page 5 Document No. 14, January 3, will
be found the letter from which the following is an
extract:
Texan Legation, )
Washington, March 14, 1837. j'
*******
Withm the last two months we have received from our
Government several dispatches, nil giving detailed accounts
of different Indian aggressions. We tru--t that this Govern-
ment will feel itsell bound alike hy humanity and hy its
treaty obligations, to prevent a recurrence of similar aeu of
rapine and bloodshed, by the only effectual means in its
power, which is the reoccupation of Nacogdoches, or tome
other point west of the Sabine.
Witll high consideration, &c., &c.,
h W. II. WHARTON.
M. HUNT.
Hon. John Forsyth, Secretary of Slate.
Also on page 6 of the same book, the following:
Texan Legation. )
washington; July is, 1837. $
I have also to inform you that certain Indians from the
United States are still committing their depredations upon
the citizens of our eastern frontier, and again I would urge
the terms of the existing treaties relative to the control ot
the Indians in that quarter. „ imVT
I have the honor to be, &c., MEMUCAN HUNT.
Hon. John Forsyth, Secretary of State.
These two extracts will be sufficient to show
that at that early day, after the separation from
Mexico, Texas demanded the fulfillment of the
thirty-third article of the treaty with Mexico, in
reference to the Indians of the United States,
Did this Government deny the obligation ? The
letter from Mr. Forsyth, of the 29th of July, 1837,
will show that, so far from refusing to acknowl-
edge it, the distinguished statesman referred to
virtually admitted the force of the demand. On
page 7 will be found his answer to the letter from
Mr. Hunt, in which he says:
114
Department of State, )
Washtnoton, July 29,1837. $
Sir : i have the honor to transmit a copy of a letter to
this Department from the Department of War, to which a
part of your note of the 18th instant was referred, by which
you will be reminded of the importance of more particular
information upon the subjects thus referred, in order that
a proper direction and efficiency may be given to the effhrts
ui tins Government for the suppression of the acts com-
plained of.
1 have the honor to offer you renewed assurances of my
great consideration. JOHN FORSYTH.
Hon. Memucan Hunt, &c., &c., &c.
Although in this letter Mr. Forsyth did not, in
terms, admittheobligation under the treaty named,
still he did not deny it; and that, too, when it was
the ground on which our Ministers had placed
their demand.
This correspondence continued; and in 1839
Mr. Forsyth addressed to Mr. Dunlap the fol-
lowing letter on the same subject:
Department of State, }
Washington, July 17, 1839. $
Sin.: I have thf honoi to acknowledge the reccipt of
your note of the 99th ultimo, calling the attention of this
Government to those stipulations m the treaty between the
I United States and Mexico of the 5th of April, 1831. which
I lelaie to Indian incursions and depredations, and transmit-
! ting sundry documents evincive of schemes of Mexican
authorities to incite Indian^ within the territory of the
United States, and of tht; disposition of those Indians, to
wage war upon the citizen* of Texas.
A copy of your note, and the original documents which
accompanied it, have been communicated to the Secretary
of War, whose province it is to attend to the relations of
this Government within the tndiau tribes on our soil, and
who will, no doubt, exert the best energies of his Depart-
ment towards the fulfillment, on our part, of the stipulations
tefcrredto. ,
rhe original commissions to the Indian chiefs, which you
requested might be returned to you, are herewith inclosed.
X avail myself of this occasion to renew to you the assur.
' ancea of my verv distinguished consideration.
| JOHN FOKSYTII.
' It. G. Dunlai*, Esq.,  Vc., «Yc.
j Mr. Poinsett, then Secretary of War, under date
I of the 18th of July, 1839, uses this lunguage:
i " Although I am fully convinced these orders have been
! punctually obeyed, and that the United States officers will
1 use due vigilance in their execution, still they shall be re-
iterated, and the Texan government may rely upon every
exertion being made on our part to fulfill our treaty stip-
ulations inthxs particular
Mr. Crawford, Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
in a letter to Mr. Armstrong, Indian agent, dated
25th of July, 1839, \tses this language:
u You will, therefore, please to exert yourself to prevent
any inroads upon Texas by Indians resident within our
limits :if such movements are contemplated, they must be
counteracted, and our treaty obligations faithfully dis-
(.hurged,?*
i cdfild go on and read similar statements from
' Mr.,Webster while Secretary of State, but surely
i this is enough to establish my first proposition.
: This brings me to'the question—has this Gov-
; eminent complied with its obligations on this sub-
ject? The first evidence I shall adduce on this
head is a treaty entered into by this Government
I with the Caddo tribe of Indians, then residing in
i Louisiana; made first day of July, 1835, and pro-
i claimed by the President on the 2d of February,
1836. The second article of that treaty is in these
words:
Art. II. The said chiets, head men, and warriors of the
said nation, (Caddoes,) do voluntarily relinquish their pos-
session to 'the territory of land aforesaid, and promise to
remove at their own expense out of the boundaries of the
United States, and the Terriiones belonging and appertain-
' mg thereto, within the period of one yearfrom and after the
I signm" of thii treaty, and never more return to live, settle,
or establish themselves as a nation, tribe, or community of
people within the same."
j By other articles of this treaty, the Caddo In-
| dians ceded to the United States a quantity of land
i lying in Louisiana, for which thirty thousand dol-
! Iars were to be paid to them in goods and horses
at once, ten thousand dollars in money before the
i first day of September, 1836, and ten thousand dol-
lars a year for four years thereafter. This treaty
was made about the time the revolution m Texas
began; the Indians received a large part of their
first thirty thousand dollars m arms and ammu-
nition, with which, in hostile array, they marched
! into the town of Nacogdoches, where I then re-
! sided, and demanded of the political chief that he
should assign them lands in Texas, which was
refused. They then went out among the wild In-
dians, settled, and began a war upon our frontier,
which thoy kept up until within a few years past.
Once every year, for the succeeding four years,they
made a trip from the prairies to Shreveport, Lou?
isiana, where they received ten thousand dollars
each year, which they laid outin arms and ammu-
nition, to be used in their warfare upon Texas.
Not only did the Caddoes do this, but they fur-
nished arms and munitions to several other tribes
of Indians, and incited them to war upon Texas.
There was no single year in which, in their jour-
ney from the prairies to Shreveport, they did not
steal from and commit murders upon the people
of Texas. We had scarcely one engagement with
the Indians in which Caddoes were not , found
among the enemy. Upon one occasion, in an at-
tack upon my camp, one of their principal chiefs
was killed within thirty steps of my line. On one
of their last visits to Shreveport, to receive their
annuity, they most wantonly murdered the family
of a Mr. Pearce, within a few miles of the United
States line. I pursued them into Louisiana, and
took their arms away from them, which, at the
time, was complained of as a great outrage upon
the integrity of the territory of the United States.
But, sir, the Caddoes were not alone in this war-
fare upon Texas. There were Cheroltees, Shaw-
nees, Delawares, ICickapoos, and many others
who joined in this warfare upon Texas. After
the battle of San Jacinto, in 1836, Mexico, de-
spairing of the reconquest of Texas by her own
arms, offered to the Indians the country, upon con-
dition that they should aid Mexico in extermirfa-
ting the Texans. One Don Manuel Fiores, a
citizen of the United States, who resided within a
few miles of one of your garrisons, figured largely
in this business. General Valentine Canalizo, at
that time in command of the Mexican army on
the Rio Grande, granted commissions to Fiores
and Cordova, who received and entered into ar-
rangements with the Indians at Matamoros, issued
orders and instructions for their campaign against
Texas, and sent officers and agents to incite them
to the work of destruction. One of these agents,
a Colonel Miracle, was killed in Texas, and the
commissions and instructions found in his posses-
sion. These documents were all sent on and ex-
hibited to the Government here. They are long,
and I shall read but one of them; the others may
be all found in Executive Document No. 14, sec-
ond session Thirty-Second Congress:
Canalizo to the Chiefs of the Tribes.
Don Manuel Fiores, and the chiefs of the friendly tribes
accompanying him, will make known to you mysentiments
towards yourself and myfnends, the Indiana of your tribe ;
and also what you have to expect as regards your remaining
in quiet possession of tSie land selected by you within the
Mexican territory for settlement. And these individuals
are informed m relation to what has to be done.
Have an understanding with sajd Fiores, in order that you
may act m such a manner as to be secured in the peace-
able possession of your lands, and to prevent any adventur-
ers again destroying the repose of your families, or again
treading the soil where repose the bonee of your fore-
tathers;and be careful not to deviate from his instructions.
Act under the full assurance of our generosity, of which
wc have given so many proofs, and that nothing can be
expected of the greedv adventurers for land, who wish to
deurive you even of the sun which warms and vivifies you,
and who will not cease to injure you white the grass grows
and water flows.
I desire to hear from you, and to know how I can serve
you« Communicate with Manuel I' ^
may inform me.
VALENTIN CANALIZO.
Cuartel of Matamoros, February 27,1839.
Captain Ignacio, of the Guapanagues.
Captain Coloxe, of the Caddoes.
The Chief of the Seminoles.
Hot. a. Mas Gefe  e los Charaquiks, (intended for
Bi« Mush, of the Cherokees.)
Captain Benito, of the Ivickapoos.
To the Fama. SARGEiNTO do los Brazos.
Lieutenant Colonel Bul, oi the Oherokees, (meaning
Bowles.)
Don Manuel Fiores was a citizen of the United
States, and every one of the tribes addressed were
natives of the territory of the United States. I
could adduce much more proof to the same effect,
if time would permit. The consequences of the
war of your Indians upon Texas—for some parts
