1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
050
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and a demand has been
made for the previous question.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope the demand for the pre-
vious question will be sustained, and that the mo-
tion to refer thebill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union will not prevail, as that
would be practically a defeat of the bill. I ask
that the bill may be read; it is not long.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. PECK demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then put; and there were—
yeas 43, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Barry, fU-ll, Rocock, Boyee, Caskie, Chrwnan, Colquitt,
Craige, Jolm G. Davis, Dean, Dent, Eddy, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Giddings, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton,
Sampson VV. Hams, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Ilibbard,
Daniel T. Jones George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kid-
well, Letcher, Lindsley, McNair, Maxwell, Mayall, Mur-
ray, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Bobbins, Rutfin, Seward,
Shannon, Shower,Gerrit Smith, George VV. Smyth, Wells,
ttnd Witte—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Bissell, Bridges, Bugg, Carpenter, Chandler,
Churehweil, Cohh, Cook, Cnrwm, Cox, Crocker, Curtis,
Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dickinson, Drum, Dun-
bar, Edinands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Ether
idge, Farley, Fenton, Florence, Grey, Aaron Harlan, An-
drew J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hie'ster, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Ingeisoll, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Latham, Lilly, Lind-
iey, Lyon, Mace, MauncP, Middleswarth, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham,
Pratt. Puiyear, Richardson, David Ritchie, Thos. Ritchey,
Rogers, Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith,
William it. Smith, Richard H. Stanton, llestorL. Stevens,
Stiaiton, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Uphdin,
Vail, Walbridge, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheel-
er, Yates, and Zollicolfer—91.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope the House will sustain
the demand for the previous question.
The House was divided on the second;and there
were—ayes 66, noes not counted.
Mr. PHELPS. I move a call of the House.
I want a vote of more than one hundred and thirty-
nine members upon this bill.
The question was then taken; and the House
refused a call.
Mr. COBB. I am a friend to this bill, and I
wish to see it amended as Miss Dix desires. I
would ask the Chair what will be the effect of sus-
taining the previous question?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
sustained, it will cutoff all amendments and all
discussion, and bring the House to a vote upon
the proposition to commit thebill; and, if that fails,
then ultimately upon the passage of the bill. The
question now is upon seconding the demand for
the previous question.
Tellers were demanded, and ordered; and
Messrs. Vail and Witte were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 42; no quorum voting.
Mr. DEAN. I move a call of the House; and
upon that 1 demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WtflSELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the House
refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that there beacall
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the pending motion,
and upon that proposition the yeas and nays have
been demanded.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays; but 1 insist upon the motion for a call.
The question was then put, and tlie House
refused a call.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a point of order. The
previous question has not been seconded, and I
claim theright to offer an amendment. Now, what
does the Journal say upon that point of order?
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of
order. It is, that' there is not a quorum here for
the transaction of business.
Mr. COBB. I claim the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
If file fact stated by the gentleman from Alabama
be true, that the demand for the previous question
has not been seconded, still the motion to commit
is pending, which would cut off any motion to
amend.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but, in addition
to that, a demand for the previous question was
made.
Mr. COBB. But I deny that any such demand
was made.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact,
upon which the Chair apprehends the Journal of
the House and the gentleman from Alabama will
differ.
Mr. COBB. I understand the Journal states
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
demanded the previous question. Now, the gen-
tleman from Virginia has informed me that he did
not make any such demand.
Mr. LETCHER. If the Journal states that I
demanded the previous question, there must be
some mistake about it. 1 have no recollection of
any such thing.
The SPEAKER. The Journal itself is not
present. There is an indorsement upon the bill,
to the effect that the gentleman from Virginia de-
manded the previous question upon it.
Mr. LETCHER. There is some mistake
about it.
The SPEAKER. The regular proceedings of
the House show that it was the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] who made the demand.
Mr. COBB. I had been informed that it was
the gentleman from Virginia.
TheSPEAKER. That was merely an indorse-
ment upon the bill, and a mistake. The Chair
will count the House, and ascertain whether there
is a quorum present.
A count having been made, the Speaker an-
nounced that one hundred and thirty-seven mem-
bers (a quorum) were present.
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which were accordingly signed by
the Speaker:
An act to authorize the school commissioners of
fractional township number one, of range ten, in
Alabama, to locate one half section of land for
school purposes; and
An act to amend the third section of the act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1854, and for other purposes.]
The question now being upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, the tellers—
Messrs. Vail and Mace—resumed their places.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 38; there was a second.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
ordering the main question to be now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question now recurring, " Shall the main
question be now put?"
Mr. COBB. On that I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
i negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on ordering the
main question; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 85, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Ranks, Belcher, Bell,
Bennett, Benson, Rissell, Bridges, Bugg, Carpenter, Chain!
ler, Churehweil, Clark, Cook. Corvvm, Cox, Crockei, Cul-
Jorn, Cutung, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dickinson, Dunbar,
Edmand--, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Etheridge,
Farley, Florence, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andiew J. Harlan,
Harrison, Haven, Blester, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Latham. Lilly, Lindh-y, Lyon, McDougall,
Mace, Maurice, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pratt, Puryear, David
Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Sage, Sapp, Seymour,
Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Riehard H.
i Stanton, Stratum, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Tliurston, Tracy, 17pham .Vail, Walbridge. Wal-
ley Ellihu R. Washburne. Israel Washburn, John Went-
worth. Tappan Wentwoiib, Wheeler, Yates,and Zolhcoi-
^NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Barry, Benton, Boycc, Caskie, Chrisman, Clingman, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craige, Curtis, John.(J. Davis, Dean, Dent, Eddy,
Edmundson, Faulkner, Fenton, Giddings, Coode, Green-
wood, Grow, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Harris, Hastings, Henn, Hibbsrd, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Kutwell, Klttredge, Letcher,
Lindsley, Mac.donald, Smith Miller, Muiray, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Powell, Robhms, Itutlin, Seward, Shannon, Shower,
Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth, John J. Taylor. Wade,
and Witte—53. • " - •^
So the main question was ordered to be now
put, being first upon the motion to refer the*bi!l to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BISSELL. If that motion prevails it will,
of course, kill the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BISSELL. I understand that a wrong
impression exists in the minds of some gentlemen
as to the effect of the vote now to be taken.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BISSELL. To refer the bill now to the
Committee of the Wholeon thestate of the Union
is, of course, to defeat it. Those who are in favor
of the bill should, therefore, vote against the mo-
tion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then put on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole oh
the state of the Union, and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 53, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken,DavidJ. Bailey,Barksdale, Bar-
ry, Bell, Benton, Bocock, Boyee, Caskie, Chrisman, Cling-
man, Colquitt, Craige, John G. Davis, Dean, Dent, Eddy,
Edmundson, John M.Elliott, Faulkner, Giddings. Goode,
Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings,
Hibbard,I)inelT. Jones,George W. Jones,Roland Jones,
Kidweil, Kittrcdge,-Letcher, Lindsley, Smith Miller, Mur-
ray, Olds, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Robbins, Itutfin. Sew-
ard, Shannon, Shower, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth,
Richard H. Stanton, John J. Taylor, Wade,and Witte—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Bissell, Bridges, Bugg, Carpenter, Chandler,
Churehweil, Clark, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cut-
ting, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dtmbar, Edmands, Thomas
D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Ethendge, Farley, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Henn, Hies-
ter, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Latham,
Lilly, Lindley, Lyon,Maurtce, Middleswarth, John G. Mil-
ler, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pratt, Pur-
year, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Sage, Sapp,
Seymour, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Stratton. David Stuart, John 1.. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tracy, Upham, Vail, Walbridge, Wallsyf,
Ellihu B Washburne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wemwortli, Wheeler, Yates, and Zoliicoffer—81.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The quesffon recurred upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. BISSELL. I believe the previous question
is not exhausted.
The SPEAKER. It is not exhausted, nor will
it be until the House shall have voted on ordering
the bill to a third reading.
Mr. DENT. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
Mr. BISSELL. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to a third reading; and I do it
for the purpose of asking a question of the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
: {Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is not the motion too
late?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from North Carolina has a right to submit the
motion, and to be heard upon it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know exactly
the position in which the bill is placed, and I do
not desire to occupy the time of the House in
making*, speech upon it.
Mr. RISSELL. Is the gentleman from North
Carolina entitled to the floor while we were in the
act of dividing?
