1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be offered. I submit to the Senate that Ex-
ecutive matters of the character to which I have
alluded, should take a certain degree of preced-
ence when it is indispensable that they should
Mr. BROWN. I shall oppose going into Ex-
ecutive session. It is very clear to my mind that
we cannot,*by any possibility, do more than pass
the necessary bills during; the remainder of the
session. If day after day is taken up in the con-
sideration of Executive business, we shall have
no time for legislative action. If the Executive
business is of that pressing importance indicated
by the Senator from Virginia, the President can
detain the Senate here when the two Houses shall
have adjourned, and that too, without incurring
any risk of paying extra mileage, which has here-
tofore been the great bug-bear. I would rather
have that sort of Executive session to transact
important Executive business, than that the home-
stead bill and other important bills should be de-
feated for want of time. The President can very
easily defcin us here if he chooses to do it for
Executive business, after the adjournment of Con-
gress, and we cannot be detained for anything
else.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to call the rec-
ollection of the Senate and the Senator from
Virginia to the fact that many, many months ago,
the homestead bill and its friends here begged for
an equal participation of time, when another treaty
was under coasideration, which has since that
time been ratified and proclaimed as the law of the
land, f hope they will not now give way for an-
other treaty, or for any other measure, but will
proceed to consider and dispose of the homestead
bill.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the motion to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business; but at the same time I am
bound to say that 1 believe that that business to
which the Senator from Virginia has adverted has
high claims upon the consideration and the prompt
consideration of the Senate. I shall vote against
the motion, with the earnesthope that those Sena-
tors who wish that the homestead bill may be dis-
posed of in some way, will agree that to-day it
shall receive that disposition.
We can dispose of it, if we will sit here and do
it, but it is perfectly certain that if we adjourn at
the usual hour, that bill cannot be disposed of to-
day, nor in my judgment during the whole session.
The experience of the Senate has demonstrated
that if there is a bill which excites great interest
and leads to protracted debate, the only way in
which it can be disposed of is by appropriating
some day to it, and disposing of it on that day.
Mr. ADAMS. Let it be now.
Mr. CHASE. I agree with my friend from
Mississippi who says, "now." So say I, now.
Let us take up that bill to-day and press it to a
final vote.
If the opponents of the bill who are so anxious to
proceed to the consideration of other business, if the
nonorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
who presses the consideration, as he thinks it his
duty to do, of the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill, and the other honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who has charge of the
business of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and other Senators, who are opposed to this bill,
will to-day agree to give their attention to it, and
to keep it before the consideration of the Senate
until is is disposed of to-day, we can dispose of it.
Mr. President, I have but another word to say,
and that is to the friends of the homestead bill.
This bill as it came from the House, in my judg-
ment, has a majority of friends upon this floor,
that is to say, if it is put to a vote in the. shape in
which it came from the House without a material
amendment, in my belief, it will be adopted by the
Senate. There isan amendment suggested by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] immaterial
wholly in its character, designed to remove an ob-
jection to the homestead principle.
Mr. HUNTER. This is not in order. It is
not in order to discuss the merits of the home-
stead bill on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator is out of order in dis-
cussing the homestead bill, or any provision con-
nected with it. The question simply is on going
into Executive session.
*-t
Mr. HUNTER. We ought to determine what
we shall do.
Mr. CHASE. I was a\vare that 1 was out of
order, but I was not more:otitof order than many
others who preceded me in the debate; but I de-
sist, with the expression of a hope that we shall
have a vote.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to say that, if
the friends of the homestead bill wish it consid-
ered, they had better allow us to vote on this
question; because I cannot see what is the differ-
ence between consuming the day in Executive
session, and consuming the day in debating
whether we shall go on with it or not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays upon
the motion to proceed to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business, resulted—yeas 20, nays 31; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aden, Butler. Clay, Dawson, Evans,
Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Font, Houston, Hunter,
Mason, Norns, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Rusk, Seb&stiari,
Thompson of Kentucky, and Toucey—*20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ad.uns, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bright,
Brown, Cass, Chase, Clayton, Dixon, Dodge ot Wisconsin,"
Dodge ol Iowa, Douglas, Gt-yer, Gillette, Gwin, Hamlin,
James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Petttt, Shields, Shdell, Smart, Sumner, Thomson of New
Jeisey, Toombs, Wade, Walker, and YVelier—31.
So the motion was not agveed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed, with
amendments, Senate bill to provide for the accom-
modation of the courts of the United States, in
the district of Massachusetts.
Also, that the Speaker had signed the following
enrolled bills; which were then signed by the
President jyflb tempore:
An act for the relief of Thomas K. Glenn;
An act regulating the 'tftne of holding the ses-
sions of the district and cirt?0it courts of the United
States, in the eastern district of Louisiana;
Joint resolution providing for the distribution of
the works of Thomas Jefferson; and
An act to incorporate the Georgetown Gas-Light
Company.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the House bill " to grant a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands
to actual settlers," the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Gwin to strike out of the
first section the words " free of cost," and insert
" at twenty-five cents an acre, payable when the
patent shall have been issued."
Mr. SHIELDS called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, and I wish to state very briefly the reasons
why I shall do so. I am decidedly in favor of ;
graduating the price of the homestead as we pro-
pose to graduate the price of the public lands to
all purchasers. My friend from Mississippi [Mr.
BrownJ has an amendment which he intends to
offer if this amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia should not prevail, which does propose a
graduation of the price of the homestead, and
with a view of reaching his amendment and voting
for that, I shall vote against this amendment. I
wish to say at the same time, however, that 1 do
not think this price is low enough for some lands i
which are subject to entry. As respects the lands
in Alabama, I say without hesitation, and my
respected colleague, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] and the
Senators from Mississippi, who are acquainted
with the character of those lands, will, I believe,
fully sustain me in the assertion that the settler
will not thank you for the privilege of entering ;
his land at twenty-five cents an acre, for there is
not an entire section of unentered public and un-
appropriated land ill the State of Alabama at this
day, which on six months notice by advertise-
ment, would bring even the price of twenty-five
cents an acre. Those lands are sterile, barren, and
valueless, except for the timber upon them, and
tfeey are valueless for the timber at this time, be-
cause they are remote from market and inaccessi-
ble. Hence, I shall vote against the amendment
to fix the price at twenty-five cents, with the hope
that the amendment of my friend from Mississippi
may prevail. It is butsheer justiceto thecitizens
of Alabama that they should not be required to
pay as much for her. worst lands as is only de-
manded of the citizens of other States for their best
lands, or that her citizens be made to pay more
than her lands are worth, while citizens or other
States may obtain lands at less than they are
worth. * ' '
Mr. MALLORY addressed the Senate upon
the pending question, and upon the general prin-
ciple involved in the bill. [His remarks will fa®,
found in the Appendix.] • ;'
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Gwin's amendment, resulted—yeas 19, nays
30; as follows: ■ ' 1
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bright, Butler, Cassj"
Gwin, Houston, James, Johnson, Mailory, Mason, Pettit,
Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey^
Toombs, Toueey, and Weller—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brod- >
head, Brown, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fish,- Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer;
Gillette, Hamlin, Jones of Jowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Noriis, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell.Shields, Suntlier,Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Wade, and Walker—30. • r
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN obtained the floor.
Mr. GWIN. There is another amendment of
mine, to whichT suppose there will be no objec-
tion. It is to strikeout the word " contracted in
section four.
Mr. BROWN. I wish the floor, if there be no
other amendment pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.-)
The Chair does not understand how any other
amendment could be pending.
Mr. GWIN. I ho|>e the vote will be taken on
my motion to strike out that word.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose there will be no ob-
jection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment may be considered as
agreed to unanimously.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to perfect the bill
by an amendment.
The PRES1D1NG OFF1CER. Objection being
made to the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, the Senator from Mississippi is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and insert the
substitute which I send to the Chair.
Mr. WELLER. The bill can be amended be-
fore the vote is put upon the substitute.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire further to amend
the bill before I he substitute is offered. I move to
strike out the fourth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unquestiona-
bly the Senator has the right to move to amend the
bill before the question is taken on any substitute.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My motion is to strikeout
the bankrupt section—the fourth section—which
is in these words:
"Sec . 4. And be It further enacted, That all lands acquired
under the provisions of" this act shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
pror to the issuing the patent therefor."
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that I have not the right, at this time, to
offer my amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair in-
tended to say that the Senator had a right to offer.
his amendment; that it would be before the Sen-
ate, and be considered after the amendments to
the original bill should be disposed of.
Mr. BROWN. That is what I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion now is, to strike out the fourth section.
Mr. BROWN. I have an amendment to offer
by way of perfecting the bill in the first section;
but I yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania. _
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the section
which the Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to
strike out,by strikingout the word "contracted."
Mr GWIN. That has already been stricken
out on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not stricken
out. It was objected to, as the Chair understood,
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, and not stricken
out.
Mr. CHASE. Then I move to strike out that
word. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the prop-
osition to perfect the section which it is proposed
to strike out?
Mr. CHASE. It is.
