244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
J
Mr. MACE. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 call for the regular order
of business. The gentleman from New York can
get all that information at the Land Office.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot be entertained.
Mr. COBB. If the dander of some gentlemen
had not got up, I should have asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution;
and I believe I will risk it now, for these gentlemen
are generally good-natured, although they some-
times get excited.
The following is the resolution which I desire
to offer:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of so
amending the post office laws as to authorize the Postmas-
ter to pay additional compensation to postmasters wlieie
their pay is now inadequate for services rendered, and re-
port a bill, or otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and insist on the
regular order of business.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Is it in order for me to
give notice of the introduction of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not being a joint resolution,
it is not in order, or at all events, it would give the
resolution no advantage.
The call of committees for reports was then re-
sumed.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
" A bill further to amend the act entitled * An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes,' approved
March 3,1851."
EXTENSION OF FRANICING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on the PoNt
Office and Post Roads, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title:
" A bill granting the franking privilege to the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, and the
assistant in charge of the office of said Coast
Survey."
Mr. UPHAM. I think it my duty to the
Treasury Department, and to the Coast Survey
Bureau, to suggest to the House whether they
would not be willing, under the circumstances
which I shall mention, to allow this bill to pass
through all its stages forthwith. I particularly re-
quest the attention of the honorable members from
.Tennessee and Virginia, [Messrs. J ones and Mill-
son,] who, a few days since, argued very strongly
against the practice of allowing bills to pass di-
rectly, in this way, through all their stages. I
listened to thosearguments with great respect, and
a full appreciation of their force; but I suggest to
those gentlemen whether the facts which I am now
about to state do not constitute a sufficient ground
for an exception to be allowed.
The annual report of the Coast Survey Office is
at present in the hands of the binder, and in a very
short time will be prepared for distribution. The
documents proceeding to and from that office pass
through a department of the Treasury, in the
Treasury building; anil, I am told by the clerk
whose duty it is to frank these documents, that he
is required to frank twenty-five thousand docu-
ments in the course of a year. During the last
nine months, fifteen large wagon loads of such
documents have left the Coast Survey Office. The
chief of that office, during three quarters of the
year, is absent in different, and often very remote,
parts of the Union, and all correspondence to and
from him passes through the Treasury office.
Messengers are continually required to go to and
fro, and an immense amount of laborious business
is put upon one of the officers in the Treasury
building.
Now, as the report is in the hands of the binder,
and as it is in afewdays, certainly in afew weeks,
to be distributed, I ask gentlemen whether they
are not willing, if it be their purpose to pass this
bill at all, to allow it to go through its stages
forthwith.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the bill be
read.
The bill was then read through. It provides
that the_ Superintendent of the Coast Survey and
the assistant in charge of the office of the Coast
Survey shall be authorized to receive and transmit
free of postage through the mails all letteis and
documents in relation to their public duties.
Mr. MACE. I move that the bill be so
amended as to provide for the grant of the frank-
ing privilege to the Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, in addition to the officers already
named.
Mr. OLDS. The proposition contemplates the
giving of the franking privilege to the Coast Sur-
vey. The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads have permitted it to be reported to the
House, from the fact that we had seen no good
reason why the head of that bureau—for it is, in
fact, a bureau—should not have the franking privi-
lege as well as the heads of the other bureaus.
At the same time, however, that I give my assent
to the report of this resolution, I wish to say that
my own opinion, and I believe that such will be
the opinion of the committee, is against the
franking privilege altogether; and perhaps before
the session is closed, we shall propose a bill abol-
ishing it.
Mr. MACE. I think, sir, that I would my-
self be in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege; but if it is to exist and appertain to sun-
dry officers of the Government, and to members of
Congress, I see no case more meritorious than
that of the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, to which that privilege could be extended.
That is an institution for the diffusion of general
knowledge throughout the whole country. By
various acts of Congress we vote to it numerous
public documents, which cannot be distributed
unless some member of Congress will volunteer
to go there and frank them. Such is the practice,
and I have myself, at the instance of Professor
Henry, spent days there in franking public docu-
ments for that institution.
The design has been to forward to our constit-
uents throughout the land documents for their in-
formation. The Secretary of that institution ought
to have the privilege of franking them, and not be,
as now, subjected to the inconvenience of calling
upon the members of Congress to do that job.
A Member. Who is the Secretary ?
Mr. MACE. I am told that Professor Henry
is the Secretary. I do not propose to elaborate
this question at all. It isasimpleone. If weare
to extend this privilege at all, we cannot extend
it to a more meritorious case than the one I have
suggested.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to refer
the bill and amendment to-the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that they
be printed. And I will say that whatever may
be the propriety of the bill as reported from the
committee, I can see no justice and no propriety
in the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Mace.]
The Smithsonian Institution is not part nor par-
cel of this Government. It is a separate and dis-
tinct institution, quartered, it is true, on the
Treasury at the rate of thousands of dollars per
annum; and it should be kept, I think, as distinct
as possible. There is no reason for giving this
institution the peculiar privilege of franking its
documents over the country m preference to other
institutions of learning in any part of the United
States. And if you commence with this, where
aie you to stop ? This is to be the entering wedge
here at the seat of Government. This is'first to
be made the favorite institution for establishing
the precedent to confer the franking privilege on
all the institutions, perhaps, of the country. And
1 will say to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Mace,] that according to my understanding and
construction of the Post. Office laws, the member
of Congress who franks a document weighing
over two ounces, published bv the Smithsonian
Institution, violates the privilege conferred upon
him under the laws of Congress.
Mr. MACE. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to explain ?
Mr. Jostks yielded the floor.
Mr. MACE. 1 will state to the gentleman that
the documents franked by me for the Smithsonian
Institution were printed by orderof Comrreas; and
I had the same right to frank them as I had the
other public documents printed by order of Con-
gress.
Mr. J ONES. If they were ordered by Congress,
or by either House of Congress, then they were
publicdocuments, and came within the law. And
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] and
every other member had a right to frank them.
But the documents printed by order of the Smith-
sonian Institution are not included among these
privileged matters which members of Congress are
authorized to frank; and, in my opinion, they
should not be included. 1 now, Mr. Speaker,
move the previous question.
Mr. RIDDLE. To which committee does the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] want to
refer the bill and amendment?
Mr. JONES. I want to refer the subject to that
committee where everybody can talk about it—
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. ORR moved that tellers be appointed; and
Messrs. Campbell and Cox were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
pot ted 07 in the affirmative, and 4G in the negative.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the pending question.
The SPEAKER. The "yeas and nays cannot
be ordered upon the question of seconding the
previous question.
Mr. ORR. I move a call of the House; and
then we can see who is present.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. ORR. What else can you do?
Mr. CLINGMAN. You can have a recount.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn, and upon that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. Id ENN. Would it be in order to move an
adjournment, and ask for tellers upon that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion has been made
for a call of the House, and also, by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] a motion to
adjourn, and upon that motion he has demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask for tellers upon the
call for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Florence appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—1 in the affirmative, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. OLDS. I call for tellers upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the Pre-
siding Officer of the House to ascertain by a count
whether or not a quorum is present.
The motion was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was decided in the negative.
The motion then recurred upon the motion that
there be a call of the House; and being put, it was
decided in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The chair will proceed, by
a count, to ascertain whether there is a quorum
present.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to lay the
motion upon the table,
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that he cannot make that motion
| until theChairoscertains whethcrthereisaquorum
| present or not.
j The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
j House, and announced that there were —being
| a quorum.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I now ask for a recount,
i The Chair can order it.
| The SPEAKER. The demand is pending for
1 the previous question; and upon it tellers were
1 demanded and ordered. The tellers will resume
' their places.
The tellers resumed their places; and the House
i being divided, the tellers reported—ayes 88, noes
| not counted.
So the demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Massa-
chusetts is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair the question, whether the question is not
fust upon the motion to commit; and whether, if
that motion be voted down, then will not, be the
tirne for the gentleman to make his speech ?
The SPEAKER. The rule gives the gentle-
man reporting a bill the right to open nnd close
1 the debate. The Chair is of opinion, however,
! that the gentleman fioni Tennersee is correct m
: the point he makes, and that the right of the gen-
1 tleman from Massachusetts to open the debate
