1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
will arise when the House shall have voted down
(if that should be the result) the motion to com-
mit.
The question was then taken; and, upon a divi-
sion, there were—ayes 65, noes 71.
8o the House refused to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. tIPHAM. I ask to remind the House
that this bill will not operate to extend the frank-
ing privilege in the slightest degree beyond that
point to which it is now extended. All the docu-
ments which proceed to or from the Coast Survey
Office are already franked, but they are franked to
the great inconvenience of the Treasury Depart-
ment, as well as to that of the Coast Survey Bureau
itself. The franks have to be obtained, and are
obtained, from one of the clerks in the Treasury
Department, and are thence transferred to the
Coast Survey Office. All communications that
come to and from all the companies and parties
at work on the shores of both continents, or on
the shores of the gulf or lakes, have to come and
go under cover of the Treasury Department. The
covers there have to be removed, and the documents
transferred to the Coast Survey Office.
As I have before remarked,a single clerk in the
Treasury Department has this tremendous duty
of franking: twenty-five thousand documents every
year to perform. Now 1 appeal to the older mem-
bers of tiie House who have had—if it can be be-
lieved—a larger experience of this burdensome
labor than the younger members hsve been called
upon to perform—I appeal to them to say whether
it is right to impose such a duty upon a clerk in
the Treasury Department?
This biil does not involve the slightest increase
in the expenses of the Government in the trans-
action of its business. But, on the contrary, the
business of the Coast Survey Office would be
simplified, and an absolute reduction in the ex-
penses would take place, because it would involve
a less amount of labor to procure this woik done
in the office where it is needed than in anothei de-
partment.
Mr. Speaker, will you allow me to mention the
names of the specific Departments of the Govern-
ment upon which the franking privilege has been
conferred by single acts? It has been conferred
upon the Solicitor of the Treasury, upon the Au-
ditors of the Treasury, upon the Chief Engineer,
the Commanding General, the Colonel of Ord-
nance, the Surgeon General, the Head of the Top-
ographical Corps, the Commissioner of Pensions,
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the As-
sistants Postmaster General. Now, would it not
be in entire accordance with the policy of the Gov-
ernment to extend this privilege directly to the
officials of the Coast SurveyOiii.ee'1 As I have
said, it would not add in the slightest degree to
the expenses of the Government; but it would
promote simplicity and facility of operation in the
Treasury Department. And allow me to say, that
I sm instructed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to introduce this bill, alto-
gether in consequence of an absolute, unqualified
lecommendation of the measure by the Secretary
of the Treasury. In his finance report just issued,
that ofHcer, m that brief, terse, simple, and ex-
plicit language in which his whole report is
couched, uses these words:
" In the di-ttibution nf reports, paper?, the Super-
mtpmiwu and his aslant should be vested with the frank- j
in<r piiVilcge.-'' I
I speak here as the organ of the Secretary of !
the Treasury—little as 1 imagined that I ever j
should be the organ of the present Secretary. [A !
Uu-h.] , |
[ btgto remind gentlemen a^ain, thatth^reason j
why I ask this boon of the House, is because it 1
would secure the Treasury Department ond the j
Coast Survey Office from a very troublesome and i
embarrassing labor just at this moment pending i
over them. The annual report, as I have said, is
in the hands of the binder, and m a very short
time it will go forth to the people, and, therefore,
what I ask is an advantage and a comenience to
the Treasury Department, to the Coa;->t Survey,
and to all our constituents.
Mr. Speaker, a word has been said m relerence
to this frankmir privilege in general. A^ow me
to say that I diifer most respectfully fiom the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Post Gfih'e and Post Roads. I behave that one
of the last things which the people of this country
will relinquish, is the benefit they derive from the
franking privilege as exercised by their Repre-
sentatives and public officers.
Sir, this Government is a great educational ap-
paratus, and its most beneficent operation is that
m which it diffuses knowledge in reference to all
matters that relate to public interests among the
people, and this is the channel through which that
knowledge is diffused.
In reference to this Coast Survey, I confidently
call for the suppoit and sympathy of every mem-
ber of this House, representing a district border-
ing upon the Atlantic or the Pacific, upon the Gulf
of Mexico, or the northern lakes. i call upon
every member representing a constituency inter-
ested in the security of life and property on the
waters of oceans, lakes, seas, and rivers, to do
justice to the invaluable services of this most ad-
mirable branch of our Government. I know that
there is no part of the organization of the Gov-
ernment which is dearer to the hearts of the peo-
ple, which confers more immediate, more perma-
nently and deeply appreciated benefits. There is
none which has done so much to exalt the charac-
ter of our nation in the eyes of the world as the
Coast Survey Office, our Light-House Board, and
Lieutenant Maury's invaluable and immortal ser-
vices.
Mr. Speaker, I had no expectation, when I
offered the bill which I was directed by the unan-
imous vote of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to introduce—which merely and
exclusively related to the securing of a convenience
to the officers of the Government, and which was
reported in accordance with the express recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury—I
had no expectation, 1 say, of being drawn into a
debate. I thank the House for the patience with
which they have listened to the prolonged remarks
which I have thus, against my will and expect-
ation, indulged in; and I hope that its vote will
show that its members are disposed to carry out
the views of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
to promote the convenience of all of the Depart-
ments of the Government, as well as of the peo-
ple.
Mr. WARREN. I move to lay the bill and
amendment upon the table.
Mr. MACE. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts who reported the bill has urgently appealed
to me to withdraw the amendment which I have
proposed. I do now withdraw it.
There was no objection, and it was withdrawn.
Mr. WARREN. I now move to lay the bill
upon the table; and upon that question demand
the yeas and nays.
. The yeas and nays were not ordered.
I The question was then taken, and the House
; refused to lay the bill upon the table.
: Mr. HIBBAIID. With the leave ofthe House,
; I will make a single inquiry of the gentleman who
1 reported the bill. It is this: Does the bill provide
1 for the franking of all matter on the part of the
i Superintendent of the Coast Survey and hisassist-
| ant, or of only such as pertains to the business of
! the bureau ? If the latter be not the case, 1 would
I suggest whether the bill should not be so amended.
; In that form I am prepared to vote for it.
i Mr. UPHAM. I ask for the reading of the bill.
I By it the gentleman will see what is provided to
i be granted.
The bill was again read through.
! The bill wns then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being read a third time, it
was passed.
Mr. OTHAM. I move to reconsider the vote j
by which the bill was passed, and that that motion j
be laid the upon table. |
Tne.latter motion was agreed to. !
SLA.VERY IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mu HAMILTON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, presented a report adverse
to the petition of citizens of Ohio asking for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
THE WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
! Mr. HAMILTON, from the same committee,
: also reported a joint resolution making appropri-
ations for the continuance of the work on the
Washington aqueduct: which was read a i'rst time
1 by its title, and the Clerk bemgm the act ofread-
| in-! it through - -
Mr. HAMILTON said: Mr. Speaker, the Clerk
has misunderstood me. I presume it would re-
quire the unanimous consent of the House to con-
sider that resolution. However, if there be no
objection anywhere, I should prefer that course.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I move its reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken; and itwasso ordered.
On motion by Mr. DRUM, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration oi the petition
of Robert Gilchrist, of Indiana county, Pennsylvania, for
an increase of his pension, &c., and that it be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Indian Af
fairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
D. B. Huntingdon, praying for additional com-
pensation for services rendered to the Utah In-
dians; which was ordered to lie on the table^ and
be printed.
Mr. ORR, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of the Oneida In-
dians, of New York, praying payment of interest;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. ORR, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
chaiged from the further consideration of the petitions of
Julia (J. Lime, Louisa K.T.anp, and N. P.. Lane, Edward
Tiaey, and others, and Chailes Iiiacker, asking that the
amount ot money paid by them for working lead mines in
the Indian temtory be refunded to them, and that tbe
several petitions be referred to the Committee on Claims.
THE TITLE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Aft'airs, to which was referred the Senate
resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of lieutenant general by
brevet for eminent services, reported back the
resolution,with a recommendation that it do pass.
The Clerk read the resolution by its title.
Mr. BISSELL. Mr. Speaker, I did not ex-
actly mean to say that it is the recommendation
of the committee that the resolution be now put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair misunder-
stood the gentleman.
Mr. BISSELL. That course, however, I would
express as the desire of my own. But 1 am well
aware that an objection from one member would
defeat that proposition; and if that were to be the
case, the motion I wish to make is to refer the res-
olution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, and-the resolution was
so referred.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I did not understand
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bisseh] as
making the motion to refer the hill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, unless
some gentleman should object to its consideration
and passage now.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 understood that there was
objection made, and therefore I made the motion.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. BISSELL. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana to object before.
Mr. LANE. I did.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would further inquire, whether
it does not require a majority of the House to send
a bill to the Committee'of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt of it. Or-
dinarily, when no objection is made to a motion of
reference, the Chair'remarks, " If no objection is
made, it will be so ordered." He does this in
order to save the time of the House. The Chair
heard no objection at the time, and announced
that the bill was referred according to the gentle-
, man's motion. .
; Mr. TAYLOR. When objection is made, 1
; ask the Chair whether it is not competent to take
i a vote of the House upon the motion?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt of it.
I Mr. TAYLOR. Then I ask for a vote of the
h House upon the motion.
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
1: time, as the Chair has declared that the bill has
I' been referred. But the gentleman can accona-
il nlish his object by moving to reconsider the vote
!: by which the bill was referred,
j! Mr. TAYLOR. I then move to reconsider that
I { vute
