1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of certain res-
idents of the Rio Grande Valley, praying that
Brownsville, in the State of Texas, be established
the port of entry for the collection district of Brazos
de Santiago; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions passed by
the Presbytery of Trumbull county, Ohio, at its
sessions in Warren, April 12, protesting against
any enactment by Congress which shall open the
way to the extension of slavery into any State or
Territory of the United States where it does not
now exist; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Peter
Berry, George Poe, jr., Robert P. Dodge, and
other citizens of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia, praying an appropriation to improvethe basin
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, between that
ttown and Washington city, and to raise the
bridges over the canal; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a series of resolutions
passed at the annual meeting of the inhabitants of
Westport, Massachusetts, protesting against the
repeal of that portion of the Missouri compromise
by which slavery was prohibited m the territory
north of 36° 30'; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Ed-
ward Bartlett and others, who served m thelastwar
with Great Britain, praying to be allowed pen-
sions; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of Thomas Dyer, praying
remuneration for clothing lost by the destruction
of the United States ship Adams; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TOOMBS presented the memorial of the
Hephzibah Baptist Association, of Georgia, pray-
ing that measures be taken to secure to American
citizens residing or traveling in foreign countries
the rights of religious liberty; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. GEYER presented a memorial of the
Board of Directors of the Mississippi Yalley rail-
road, praying a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of their railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of M. Tarver, praying a
grant of public lands to the State of Missouri for
the establishment and support of a juvenile reform
school; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
GEORGIA ON THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Jylr. DAWSON. Mr. President, during my
recent absence from this.city, resolutions were
transmitted to me from the Legislature of the State
of Georgia, through the Executive of that State,
which I did not intend, nor think it necessary, to
submit to the Senate; but, as I am instructed to do
so, in consequence of the oft-repeated presenta-
tion of petitions on the subject of slavery, X beg
leave to present them.
They set forth that the State of Georgia, in sol-
emn convention, has firmly fixed herself upon the
principles of the compromise measures of 1850,
relating to the subject of slavery in the Territories
of the United States, as a final settlement of the
agitation of that question, its withdrawal from the
Halls of Congress and the political arena, and its
reference to the people of the Territories interested
therein, and distinctly recognizes in those com-
promise measures the doctrine, that it is not com-
petent for Congress to impose any restrictions
as to the existence of slavery among them, upon
the citizens moving into or settling upon the Ter-
ritories of the Union, acquired or to be hereafter
acquired; but that the question, whether slavery
shall or shall not form a part of their domestic in-
stitutions, is for them alone to determine for them-
selves. Her present Executive has reiterated and
affirmed the same fixed policy in his inaugural
address. They therefore resolve;
" That the Legislature of Georgia, as the representatives
of the people, speaking their will and expressing tlieir feet-
ings have had their confidence strengthened in the settled
determination of the great body of the northern people to
carry out m good faith those principles, in the practical
application of them to the bills reported by Mr. Douglas,
from tile Committee oil Territories, in the United States
Senate, at the present session, proposing the organization
of a territorial government for the Territory of Nebraska,
"•tfreri he it further resolved, That our Senators m Congress
be, imd they are hereby, instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to vote for and support those principles, and to
use aU proper raeaus ill their power for carrying them out,
either as applied to the government of Territory of Ne-
braska, oi m any othei bill for territorial government which
may come before them.
" Resolvedjm-ther, That his Excellency the Governor, be
requested to transmit a copy ot these resolutions to each of
our Senators and Representatives in Congress."
I present those resolutions—I do not wish to
mate any further commentaries on them, but
simply to say that they are the decision of the
representatives of the people of Georgia, in- Legis-
lative Assembly convened. I move that they lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE AT SAVANNAH.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 hold in my hand a petition
very numerously signed by the merchants and
citizens of the city of Savannah, Georgia, asking
Congress to make an appropriation for the erection
of a post office building in that city. The grounds
on which they make this request are these:
The basement of the custom-house is now used
as a post office, and is altogether unsuited for it.
1st. It is too contracted even for present busi-
ness, and is decidedly so, in view of the rapid an-
nual increase of the business and population of the
city. I will here take occasion to state that the
city of Savannah has nearly doubled her popula-
tion within the last few years, and is rapidly
increasing in numbers."
In the second place, the petitioners state that
the present location of the post office is unhealthy.
In the third place, it is too dark, rendering gas-
lights over the whole establishment necessary on
some days, and in the general delivery room, day
and night, indispensable; and thus, also, increas-
ing materially the expense to the department.
Again, when the custom-house was first planned
the basement was intended for custom-house
stores. The placing the post office there was an
after-thought, as is clearly proved by the fact
that the architect omitted to make any arrange-
ments for heating and ventilating the same, while
ample arrangements were made in all other parts
of the building.
And further, the basement of the custom-house
is necessary for the convenience of the collector
and merchants, as stores for the deposit of goods
have to be hired at other points and at heavy
expense.
In consideration of all these circumstances, and
in view of the fact that the Savannah custom-house
cost only $150,000, when some of the cheapest
custom-houses built elsewhere, both North and
South, have cost $500,000, the petitioner think
that it will be vastly advantageous to the Govern-
ment, and will be a great saving of expense, to
appropriate fl00,000 for the purpose of building
a post office for the convenience of that city. I
am also authorized to say, that the city will find a
site for the purpose and cede it to the United
States. I ask my friend fromTexas, [Mr. Rusk,]
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to take this petition into considera-
tion. I am satisfied that if he examines all the
documents he will come to the conclusion that it
would be just and economical on the part of the
Government to make the appropriation asked for
in the petition. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the. Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Adele Sands, widow of Richard M. Sands, of the
Army, praying an increase of pension, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of descendants of offi-
cers of the Army of the Revolution, praying that
tljf heirs and descendants of officers of the Rev-
olution who served to the end of that war, may be
allowed the half pay for life promised by the res-
olution of 1780, deducting therefrom the value of
the commutation received, asked to be discharged
from its furthar consideration, on the ground that
a bill applying to the subject, reported by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, was now j
pending before the Senate. I
It was so ordered. |
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Indian j
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill to authorize I
the payment of certain claims" for depredations
and spoliations during the hostilities with the
Creek and Semmole Indians in 1836 and 183?",
reported it back without amendment. He also
submitted a report upon the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Witlard H. Boynton,
praying indemnity for merchandise destroyed
by the Creek Indians in the year 1836, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Calvin B. Seymore and Willard H. Boynton,
surviving partners of thg firm of W. & H, Boyn-
ton; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on the Jiu!icmry,
to whom was referred the memorial of Charles
Stearns, praying indemnity for expenses, &e.,
incurred iri defending himself against an unjustifi-
able suit brought against him and others by the
United States, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the petition and
documents in the case of Seth Ingram, praying
to be allowed certain arrears of pension, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which, was ordered to
be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous-con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to confirm
the claim of William H. Henderson and the heirs',
ofRobertHenderson,to five hundred acres of land
in the Bastrop grant; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant other lands in lieu of certain sixteenth sec-
tions in the State of Mississippi, heretofore dis-
posed of by the United States for other than school
purposes; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed the bill from the
Senate making a grant of land to the several States
of the Union for the benefit of indigent insane
persons.
DANIEL NIPMS.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent, <
and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
reyuiiedto transmit to the Senate all papers, vouchers, &c.,
relative to the claim of Daniel Nippes, now on file'in the
Department War:
JEFFRIES AND SMITH.
Mr. RUSK. TheCommitteeon thePost Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the petition
of James Jeffries and Jeremiah M. Smith, have
directed me to report a bill for their relief. It is
a very small bill; the case is a hard one, and I
therefore ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to act upon it now.  
The bill was accordingly read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Postmaster General to release the parties men-
tioned, and their guarantors from the penalty in-
curred by their failure to carry the mail on routes-
6268, 6269, 6277, according to the bid offered by
them and accepted by the Department; and to re-
fund to them the amount of any fine which has
been paid by them in consequence of any failure.
Mr. RUSK. The facts in relation to the case
are briefly these; These parties resided in Ken-
tucky, and became bidders for some routes there,
and for fourteen in Texas. Their bids were ac-
cepted as beina; the lowest. They went on to
Texas, and arranged for all but the three routes
specified in the bill; but they ascertained that the
distance on those three was about one third more
than was stated in the advertisement; so that,
they being men of limited means, it was not pos-
sible for them to put those routes in operation.
The testimony was very clear that the distance
advertised for the three routes was two hundred
and foyr miles, and that the actual distance was
three hundred and five miles. They therefore
failed to put these three routes into operation.
The routes which they obtained in-Kentucky they
