1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181$
ing, by undertaking to sa'v by your legislation
here, after you have individualized the land, and
put individuals in the possession or cultivation of
it( and after they have acquired a property and
interest in it, that the local laws of the State shall
not determine how that possessory right may be
forfeited, or the possessor ejected or removed. It
is, therefore, a mockery. You cannot do it. The
power is as much in the State or in the Territory
where the land lies, to determine, after the Govern-
ment shall have individualized the possession, who
shall be the possessor of it, and how it shall be
taxed, and how the citizen shall be responsible to
the local government, as it is to determine who has
the legal title after the"General Government shall
have surrendered hers. The whole section ought,
therefore, to make it harmonious, to make it com-
port with enlightened judgment and enlightened
information, as to the respective rights of the two
governments—the State and the General Govern-
ment—be stricken out. I protest that this Gov-
ernmentJias no power to determine who shall
possess "me lands after the possession has been
given to A, B, or C. She has no power to con-
trol the State legislation as to by what means he
may forfeit the right of possession. Will you,
though he were a convict and ought to be sent to
the penitentiary, say that he ought not to forfeit
the possession, but shall forever remain on the
land? I only instance that to show the extreme
absurdity of this. There is no such power to in-
dividualize the possession, and the States alone
can control to whom it shall be given under their
laws.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the honorable Senator
takes his seat, I wish to ask him a question. As
I understand, this is butan inchoate, a contingent
right. I would like to know what right the pur-
chaser could get, when he made a purchase, if
these lands were sold under an execution ? What
right would.the possessor receive' Then, I ask,
would it not be illusory to the purchaser? He
could get nothing.
Mr. PETT1T. I say to the Senator, in re-
sponse, that he would not get the legal title. That
is true; but he would get the growing crops; he
would get the implements; he would get posses-
sion of the house, and the cultivated fields under
the law of the State or Territory where such a
law was provided for him. They might be sold
upon judgment. In many of your States you
now provide, though it did not exist at common
law, that choses in action, that equitable rights,
that the mortgagee's interest, may be sold upon
execution. Such is the case in my own State, I
know; and I have no doubt it is so m many other
States. But a few years ago, you held tenaciously
to the old common law doctrine, that nothing but
what was tangible property could be sold in that
way; now, any chose in action, any bond, any
note may be seized and sold at public auction as
property, could have been at common law. So
you may sell possessory rights; they may be sold
in different States. The mere equitable right, the
right of redemption, 1 believe, at common law
could always be sold; but it was ideal held that,
although by a mortgage, in the form of a fee
simple, or conveyance with a defeasance, to be
sure, they had mortgaged the property to all the
earth, yet, as against the mortgagor, it might be
sold upon execution; but the moitgagee's interest
could not be sold on execution. It is now pro-
vided that they can be seized, and levied upon,
and exposed to sale, and all the rights of the
mortgagee under the mortgage are tranferred by
that means to the purchaser at the sheriff's sale.
So it is with this property. I grant you, you can-
not wrest from the Government the fee simple;
but you can wrest from the possessor the posses-
sion of his house, his crops, and everything at-
tached to his grounds; and you cannot divest the
States of the power to determine as to the transfer
of property within their jurisdiction.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 26, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fish, Foot,' Geyer, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Johnson. Mallory, Mason,Norrie, Pettit, Pratt,
Sebastian, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, anil Weller—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Chase, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Fiwpatrick,
Gillette, Hamlin, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, Rockwell, Rusk, Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and
Walker—20.
So the fourth section was struck out.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by striking out all after the word
" enter" and inserting the Following, (so that the
section will entitle any free white person who is
the head of a family, or who has arrived at the
age of twenty-one years, and is a citizen of the
United States, to enter:)
—lands which have been offered for sale for five years, at
one dollar per acre; lands which shall have been offered
for sale for ten years, at seven%>-live cents per acre j lands
which sliali have been offered for safe for fifteen years, at
fitty cents per acre ; lands which shall have been offered
for sale for twenty years, at twenty five cents per acre j
and lands which shall have been offered for sale for twenty-
five years, at twelve and a half cents per acre, payable in
every instance at the expiration of five years, or sooner, if
the citizen shall elect to make an earlier payment, and the
patent shall issue after payment.
The substitute which 1 had the honor to lay
upon the table this morning, and move in lieu of
this entire bill, has two mam features in it. One
is a right of occupancy for,ten years without pay-
ment; the other is the scale of graduation almost
like what I now submit. If this bill is to pass in
any form, I am for applying the graduation prin-
ciple to the payment of the public lands. I voted
against fixing the arbitrary price of twenty-five
cents an acre, or fifty cents an acre, or any other
price; because there is a difference in the value of
the land. 1 am for the graduation principle, be-
cause that fixes the nearest approximate price at
which you can arrive, in reference to what is the
real value of the soil. I take that scale from the
bill introduced by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Honter,] and as I have had occasion to remark
once before, 1 take it, because, having been
brought to us from that eminent source, and our
minds having been induced to rest upon it, we are
prepared to vote upon it jvithoutany great amount
of consideration further;. 1 should, if it had been
left to me entirely, have fixed a somewhat differ-
ent scale; but I am satisfied with that. We can-
not, of course, sell each particular section of the
land at precisely what it is worth; but it is idle to
tell me that it is all worth the same price; that if
you sell it at all, you must sell arbitrarily at
twenty-five cents an acre, whether it is poor or
rich. The Senate well knows, that I entertain no
constitutional scruples aboutgiving away the land;
none on earth; but we have those to deal with who
do entertain those scruples, and we must meet on
some half way ground, or we cannot get along
together. 1 want to ask gentlemen who think that
you have not the constitutional right to give away
the land, how near they approach that, by fixing
an arbitrary price of twenty-five cents, or say fifty
cents an acre? A piece of land is worth, in point
of fact, ten dollars an acre; but you say to one
man, we will sell to you at twenty-five cents, and
to another man you shall not have it if you give ten
dollars an acre; and you thus, in fact, give the
first man $9 75 on the acre, and save the Consti-
tution by refusing to give him the land. I am not
going, when the Senate is impatient, to debate the
proposition. I am^uite content, so far as I am
concerned, to take the vote without any further
discussion. I should not have said thus much,
except to draw the attention of the Senate to the
amendment.
i Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of graduating the
price of the public lands, but not on this bill. I
am in favor of the principle of the graduation bill,
but I want to pass this bill on its own merits as a
homestead bill. I shall, therefore, vote against
the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I have simply to say that the bill
to which the Senator alludes for graduating the
price of the public lands, if he alludes to the one
which came from the House of Representatives,
only provides for the actual settler or occupant of
the lands; and hence the provision of my friend
from Mississippi is substantially that provision.
If the amendment prevails, I shall votefor the bill.
If it does not prevail, I shall vote against the bill.
1 think it is altogether unjust and unfair to the
citizens of my State, where the public land is not
absolutely worth twenty-five cents an acre, to
exact of them, if we are going to fix any price at
all, as high a price as has been paid or can be paid
for the best lands bought of the Government.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas on the amend-
ment; and they were ordered and taken, with the
following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Evans,
Fitzpatnck, FootjHoustnn, Hunter, Johnson, Mallory,Ma-
son, Norris, I'earcc, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Toombs, ami
Toucey—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,, Bright,. Cass, Chase, Dixon,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fessendenj
Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Hamlin, Jones of rowa^Jonesof
Tennessee, Pettit, Rockwell, ShieIds^9HdeH,vStuart^um-
ner, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey*
Wade, Walker,and Weller-^-26. (f .
So the amendment was rejected.* ■ . t:
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to move ah drh&H1-
ment, which it will be seen at once is necessary
and essential, to the second section of the bin.
The proviso in that section reads as follower
" In case of the death of both father and mother, leaving
an infant child or children, under twenty-one years of age,
the right and the fee shall inure to the benefit of said infant
child or children, and the executor, administrator, or guard-
ian, may, at any time within two yeSrs after the death of
the surviving parent, and in accordance wity the laws of the
State in which such children, for the time being, have their
domiciJ, sell said land for the benefit of said infants."
I move to strike out the words " children, for
the time-being, have their domicil,"and insert,
after the word " such," which now stands before
the word "children," the words, "such lands
are situated." It will be seen, at once, that the
provision here is, that the lands shall be sold
according to the laws of the State in which tlie
children are domiciled. This cannot be done.
The title to the lands can only be sold according
to the laws of the State in which the lands are
situated. I therefore offer this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the first sec-
tion, by adding:
Provided, That before any patent shall issue under the
provisions ol' this act, tlie patentee shall pay such sum as
the land covered by tlie patent may have cost the 'Gov-
ernment, to be ascertained by the estimate nf the Commis-
sioner of the Geueral Land Office.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to know of the friends of
this bill whether, by the first section, they propose
to secure a homestead only on lands subject to
private entry, or do they mean to embrace lands
not subject to private entry, but which have been
surveyed? If they mean to embrace lands which
are not subject to entry, but which have been sur-
veyed, then the section achieves their object; but
if they mean to confine it to those lands only
which are subject to entry, the last words of.this
section "and after the same shall have, been sur-
veyed," should be stricken out; because, in the
former part of the section, it is provided that per-
sons of the description mentioned "shall be enti-
tled to enter, free of cost, one quarter section; of
vacant and unappropriated public lands, which
may, at the time the application is made, be sub-
ject to private entry at $1 25 per acre," but it
concludes, "or a quantity et^ual thereto, to .be lo-
cated in a body, in conformity with the legal sub-
divisions of the public lands, and after the same
shall have been surveyed." I move to strike- out
the words "and after the. same shall have been
surveyed;" because they will produce confusion.
Mr. WALKER. It cannot be denied that the
wording of the bill is a little obscure there, but it
cannot De denied at the same time that the land
must be surveyed before it can be privately en-
tered . Therefore, to strike out these words would
not change the effect of the bill, and 1 hope, for
one, that unnecessary amendments will not be
made. , , _
Mr. CLAY. I will state, in reply to the Sena-
tor, that I submitted this section to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. He approved
of the amendment, and said that, as the section
stands, it would produce a great deal of difficulty
and confusion, and that it would be construed in
some quarters probably as embracing lands not
subject to entry. At his instance, I have moved
the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. It cannot be so construed,
except in some locality where it has been discov-
ered that lands can be entered at private entry be-
fore they are surveyed.
Mr. CLAY. But all lands which have been
surveyed are not subject to private entry. They
must first be offered for sale. The section, as it
stands, I say does admit the construction I give
it, to enable them to enter lands not subject to
private entry.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I have another amendment to
move to the second section of the bill. That sec-
