956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
did put in operation. The Postmaster General
fined them for their failure on the three, and they
paid the fines out of the routes which they are
now actually carrying on in Kentucky. They are
men of limited means, and it is very embarrassing
to them. It is a very clear case, in my judgment.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a thud time, and passed.
MAIL CONTRACT SETTLEMENTS.
Mr. ADAMS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the petition of John R. Jefferson and
others, to report a joint resolution authorizing set-
tlements under certain mail contracts. As 1 shall
necessarily be absent fiom the city for some weeks
to come, i ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider it now. If it should lead to any
discussion I will consent to let it pass over.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by unanimous! consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to require
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department, to settle the accounts of the contract-
ors for carrying the mail of the United States,
who were ordered by the Postmaster General to
suspend a portion of their regular mail service be-
tween November 1, 3838, and the 1st of June,
1839, at the pro rata reduction of their contract
pay, and credit each one with a sum equal to the
amount withheld from his pay under the order of
suspension and reduction, and then to certify the
amount found to be due to the Secretary of the
Treasury for payment. The Auditory however,
is not to allow or certify any case where it is not
proved that the services were actually performed
during the time the suspension was ordered.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
"WILLIAM VAN WART.
Mr. SEWARD, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to reporta bill granting arrears
of pension to the representatives of William Van
Wart, deceased, which I do, and ask that the report
may be printed. I will state to the Senate, that
the party, for the relief of whose heirs-at-law the
bill is reported, was the one who gave to Pauld-
ing, Williamn, and Van Wart, the information
winch put them on the lookout for Major Andre,
on his return from the American lines, after his
interview with Arnold. He is dead, and his
•family are in need of such a provision. Under
these cii cumstances, I ask that the bill may be
considered at this time, it only grants the arrears
oi pension, which the Commissioner of Pensions
ways ought to have been allowed r%them, but
witifh wei e wil hheld under existing previous laws
foi want of evidence. 1 ask for its immediate
consideration.
Mr. WELLER. I shall be compelled to object
to its consideration now. I think the Senator from
New York, a short time since, reported a bill, and
asked for its consideration, without asking that
the report accompanying it be printed. Now he
makes a report, and moves to have it printed, but,
in the meanwhile, wants to have the hill passed.
I would rather have the report printed first.
The bill was read a first time by its title, for
the relief of the heirs-at-law of William Van
Wart, deceased," and passed to a second reading.
The repoit was ordered to be printed.
ARMY PENSIONS.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the petition of Ann Eliza
ChUds, widow of Genetal Childs, praying the
passage of a general law granting half pay to the
widows of all officers of the Army who died while
in the service of the country, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to re-
port a general bill providing half pay for all
widows and minor children of officers or privates
iii the Army of the United States who may die m
the line of their duty in the public service.
1 will state to the Senate that, as is known per-
haps to most members, by a general act, passed
in 1837, I think, this provision was made for the
widows and minor children of all officers, seamen,
and marines m the Navy, but no such provision
is made for any widow or orphan of an officer or
private m the service of the Array, unless he died
of wounds received, or diseases contracted during
some wars since 1790. Now, the committee con-
cluded, in order to equalize the pension system,
to report the same bounty to the widows and
minor children of officers of the Army, which is
extended to the widows and minor children of
officers of the Navy. This bill should be passed,
or we should abolish the formeract. They have,
therefore, instructed me to reporta bill according
to the prayer of the petitioner.
The bill, m addition to an act entitled " An act
to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans,'5 was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, i move that the Sen-
ate now take up for consideration the bill " to
: provide for the survey of the public lands in New
' Mexico, and for other purposes/' which has been
' reported from the Committee on Public Lands.
[ It is important that it should be passed now, be-
I cause a day has been fixed for the consideration
! of territorial business m the House of Represent-
| atives, and the Senate should pass the bill as
: soon as possible, in order that it may reach the
1 House before the "territorial day." I appeal
! to the Senate, therefore, to take up and consider
' the bill now.
i The motion was agreed *to; and the Senate pro-
I ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
i Whole.
| Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
i Public Lands have reported an entire substitute
for the bill which was originally introduced by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.]
The substitute was diawn up by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, after a confer-
ence with the Committees on Public Lands of the
two Houses of Congress, and received the unani-
mous approbation of the two committees. The
amendment of the committee is to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That tlu; President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall be, ami he is heieby, authorized to appoint
a surveyor general for New Mexico, whose power, ami au-
thority, duties, compensation, and allowance1' tor clerk
hire, othee rent, fuel, &e., shall be the same as now pro-
vided by law for the surveyor general ofCahtoima; and he
shall locate his office, from time to time, at such places as
may be dueeted by the President of the United States.
shsc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to every white
male American citizen of the United States, or who hat?
deeiaied ins intention to become such, over the aye of
twenty-one years, who was residing in said Terntoiy puoi
to the rir>t day of January, eighteen bundled and fifty-three,
there shall be, and hereby is, donated one halt section, or
three hundred and twenty aeies ol land, if single, but if
marned, one section, or mx hundred and forty acres, and
to each white male American citi/.en, who shall have
removed oi shall remove to and Milfle m said Territory be-
tween the hir>t day of January, eighteen hundred and filty-
lluee, and the fii t day oi January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, theie shall, in like mannei, be donated one
quartei section oi one hundred and si\ty aeies, if a single
man,oi n married, one half section oi three handled and
twenty acies, on condition of actual settlement and culti-
vation for not less than four years: Ptocided, however,
That each of said donations shall include the actual settle-
ment and improvement of the donee, and shall be selected
b> legal subdivisions within three months after the survey
of the land where the settlement was made before the sur-
vey, and where the settlement was made after the survey,
then within throe months alter the settlement has been
made; and ail persons fiiihng to designate the boundaties
ot their claims withm that tune shall forfeit all right to the
same.
Sue. 3 And he it further enacted, That on proof of set
thment and cultivation, as required by thisaet, to the sat-
isfaction of the smveyor general, oi other officer designated
by law for that puipu&e, subject to the supervision of Uie
becretarj- ot the Interior, a ceititicate shall he issued to the
paity entitled, on presentation of which, if nppioved by
the >eeretary ot the Interior, a patent shall ifMie thereon :
Provided, hotvei er, That on the death of any such settler
before the completion of the font >eais occupancy and cul-
tivation lequired by tins act, the right shall descend hi his
heirs-at-law , who .shall be entitled to a certificate and patent
as atoiesaid, on proof, as before provided, of continued
occupancy and cultivation by such settler to the time oi his
death.
h'Fc. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That none of the pro-
visions of this act shall extend to mineral or school land^
salines, military or other reservations, or lands settled on
and occupied lor purposes of trade and commerce and not
for agneulture, and all legal subdivisions so settled on and
occupied, in whole or in part, lor puiposes of trade and
commerce and not for agriculture, shall be subject to the
provisions of the act of the. twenty-third of May, eighteen
hundred and forty-tour, in relation to town sites on the
public lands, whethet so settled and occupied before or
aftei the «mvcy ot *aid lands, except that said lands shall
be donated instead ot being sold.
Skc. 5. ..indbeit further enacted, That sections sixteen
and thirty-six in each township in said Territory shall be
received fo  the use ot schools therein, and when either of
said sections, or any part thfieot, shall be taken by a claim
ongiuating under this act, before the survey of the lands,
other lands, in lieu thereof, shall he selected by the Gov-
ernor of the Territory, and subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a quantity of
land equal to two townships shall be, and the same aie
hereby, granted to said Territory, for the establishment of
a university therein, to be selected under the dueetion of
the Legislature thereof, m legal subdivisions ot not less
than one half section, and to be disposed of as said Legis-
lature shall direct.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it /wither enacted, That any of the lands,
not taken undei the provisions of this act, shall be subject
to the operations of the preemption act of September lourth,
eighteen hundred and forty-one, as extended to California,
and any person claiming a donation under this act shall be
permitted to enter the land claimed by him at any time prior
to the four yeais'occupancy and cultivation required, by
paying therefor at the rate of one dollar and twenty five
cent* per acre, and proving occupancy and cultivation up
to the tune of such payment.
Sec. IS. Jind be it juither enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general, under such instructions a^>
may be given by the Secretary of the Intenor, to ascertain
the origin, nature, charactei, and extent ot all claims to
lands under the laws, usages, and eu>toms of Spain and
Mexico, and for this purpose may 1-t.uo notices, summons
witnesses, administer oaths, and do and perform all other
necessary acts m the premises. He shall make a full leport
on all such claim** as originated before the cession of tho
terntory to the United States by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo of eighteen hundred and forty-eight, demiting the
various grades of title, with his decision as to the validity
oi invalidity of each of the ^amc, under the laws, usages,
and customs of the country befoieits cession to the United
; States, ami shall also make a repoit in n-gaid to all pueblos
existing in the Teintory, showing the extent and locality of
each, stating the number of tidiabitanK yi the said pueblos,
respectively, the nature of their titles to the land; such re-
port to be made according to the form which may be pie-
senhed by the Secretary of the fnterior, which repoit shall
be laid before Congress for such action thereon as may be
deemed ju.st and proper, with a view to confirm bona fide
grants, and give lull effect to the treaty of eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, between the United States and Mexico, and
until the final a< tion of Congress on Mich claims, ail lands
covered theieby shall be received from sale, or other dts-
po.-,d bv the, Government, and shall not be subject to thu
donations granted bv the previous provisions of this act.
Skc. !i. jlnd he it further enacted, That full powei and
authontyare hereby given to the Secretary of the Interior
to issue all needlul rule,* and legulations (or fully earning
into effect the several provisions of this act.
Mr. SHIELDS. I introduced the original bill;
and on my motion it was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. I have examined the substitute
of the committee, and I find it to be quite an im-
provement upon the original bill. I thmK it much
better adapted to the condition of this distant Ter-
ritory than the original bill. I am, therefore,
decidedly in favor of the substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not sure that I under-
stand exactly the provisions of this amendment,
but it seems to me from hearing it read, that it.
gives away all the lands m this Territory to actual
settlers. It gives some persons as much as six
hundred and forty acres.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Its provisions are pre-
cisely the same as those which were made m the
case of Oregon.
Mr. SHIELDS. I can state to the honorable
Senator from "Virginia, that the provisions of this
amendment are the same as were made in the Ore-
gon and California bills; and the lands in New
Mexico are much less valuable than those in either
California or Oregon. It does not give any addi-
tional land.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senateas amended,
and the amendment was concurred in." The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a thiid reading,
was read a third time, and passed; and its title
was amended so as to read, " A bill to establish
the office of surveyor general of New Mexico, to
grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
other purposes."
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STUART. As there seems to be no other
business now before the Senate, and as the hour
has arrived at which, by the agreement or under-
standing made yesterday, we should go into Exec-
utive session, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in Executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, rfpril 20, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
