1854,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
Noah Miller and other persons; an act (No. 113)
for the relief of the widows and orphans of the
officers and seamen of the United States schooner
Grampus, who were lost in that vessel in March,
1843; an act (No. 121) for the relief of Pamela
Brown, widow of Major General Jacob Brown,
deceased; and an act (IN o. 155) granting five years'
pa,y to the widow of Captain John W. Gunnison.
Also, a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States—the Speaker having
temporarily resumed the chair—by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary, informing the House
that he did, on the 94th instant, approve and sign,
among other bills, a joint resolution of thanks to
General John E. Wool.
DEATH OF THE LATE RUSSIAN MINISTER.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. As the members
of this House have before this been informed,
the oldest member of the diplomatic corps in
Washington is no more. His funeral will take
place to-morrow; and to enable such members of
the House as are so disposed to attend the cere-
monies on that occasion, I move that when this
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. BENTON. I am gratified at the motion
which the member from Virginia, on my left, [Mr.
Bayly,] has made, and at the manner in which it
has been done. It is simply a motion to adjourn
over for a day, and for a reason feelingly stated, and
not being upon the Journal will not become a pre-
cedent, though the memory of it, and of the honor
it implies to' the deceased, will go into the debates,
and become a part of our parliamentary history.
There are reasons forthis mark of honor to the de-
ceased which have not applied heretofore, and can
hardly expect to apply again. Mr. Bodisco was
incorporated with our society from his long resi-
dense among us, his marriage to an American lady,
our country-woman, his urbanity, and social inter-
course. We have all had our social relations with
him, and would be drawn, by private feelings,
to-morrow, to follow the hearse instead of appear-
ing here.
Mr. Bodisco has lived almost twenty years
among us, and so lived as to have become, in all
social relations, one of us. Urbanity of manners,
charity, benevolence, universal kindness, were
qualities in him visible to all. I mention some-
thing not so publicly known, but equally honora-
ble, and that was, a feeling of solicitude for any
jarring that took place among us, arid an anxiety
to compose it. 1 have known many instances of
his kind interference—many instances of his as-
sembling at his house, that the festive board
might allay asperities which ought not to con-
tinue—and all with a delicacy and tact which
almost concealed the object while accomplishing
the purpose.
He had, indeed, both tact and ability; and for j
the great affairs of business, as well as of social
intercourse, a diplomatic ability, which the happy
relations existing between the two countries never
called into action in the form of State papers and
protocols, but which showed itself in the admir-
able preservation of friendly and kind relations,
which he found existing when he arrived here as
Minister, and which he had improved and strength-
ened up to the time of his death. These circum-
stances, and his position in the diplomatic corps—
the dean of that respectable body—entitle him to
this mark of respect from the American House of
Representatives—the first time it has been granted,
and under circumstances to prevent it from becom-
ing a precedent.
I have mentioned some of the personal reasons
•—individual to the object of our regard—which
command this mark of respect from us. I have oth- !
ers to mention which concern his country, and the j
eminent, sovereigns who have reigned overitsince i
our independence. From ail we have experienced ;
justice and kindness. No Russian sovereign has !
ever wronged our America—ever given cause for I
one word of complaint; and to some we are in-
debted for signal marks of good will. The Em-
peror Alexander offered his mediation to restore
peace between the United State? and Great Britain
in the war of 1812—a noble offer, and worthy of a
mighty Power.
The present Emperor accepted the place of
abiter in a delicate and important matter between
the United .States and the former mother country,
and settled it question of immense- moment to us,
which, growing first out of the treaty of peace of
1783, and a second time out of the treaty of
Ghent of 1815, had baffled diplomacy on both oc-
casions, and was leading to serious misunder-
standing. The Emperor Nicholas settled it, and
not by compromises, or qualifications, but by the
rigorous application of principles.
I do not include, in our thanks to him, that the
decision was in our favor—categorically and ab-
solutely in our favor. That was a result governed
by an inexorable sense of right. The thanks are
due for consenting to take the trouble and the
responsibility of settling such a question—a ques-
tion of noncompliance with a treaty, in the deli-
cate and important particular of indemnity for
slaves carried off during the war. The same
question had been found unmanageable under
Washington's administration, and we had to sub-
mit to a loss—large in a pecuniary sense, and
much larger in a political or belligerent sense—
as seeming to sanction that mode of warfare.
The second time the question arose, and after
baffling our Government for twelve years, it was
settled by the Emperor Nicholas; a large pecu-
niary indemity was received for the past; a ques-
tion pregnant with danger was settled; and ex-
emption from such a mode of warfare may be
counted on in future; and thus, from our personal
relations with the deceased, and our national rela-
tions with the great country he represented, I feel
myself an overpowering inclination to render this
honor to the memory of the deceased, Mr. Bo-
disco, and doubt not that is the feeling of all that
had the happiness to know him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair a
question in reference to the motion made by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] Is the
gentleman's motion simply a motion to adjourn
over, or is it a resolution referring to the death of
Mr. Bodisco?
The SPEAKER. It is simply a motion to ad-
journ over until Thursday.
The question was taken on Mr. Bayly's motion,
and it was agreed to.
THE GREAT EXHIBITION IN LONDON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of State,
together with a set of works illustrative of the
Exhibition in London, of 1851, to which it re-
ferred, in order that such disposal might be made
of them as seemed advisable.
Mr. ORR. I move to refer that communication
to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are some
few Senate bills on the Speaker's table of a private
character; and I hope the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will withdraw his motion so as to let
them be referred to the appropriate committees. |
It will not take many minutes. 1
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were then
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by their respective titles, and severally
referred, as indicated below:
An act for the relief of J. Boyd. Preferred to
the Committee on Claims.
An act for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence, of
Ohio. Referred to the Committee on Claims.
An act for the relief of Mary C. Hamilton.
Referred, to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act providing for the printing of the returns
of the Seventh Census, and for the paper pur-
chased for said printing. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
An act to provide a place for the holding of the
courts of the United States in the southern dis-
trict of New York, and for other purposes. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of Ira Baldwin. Referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
in March, 1843, near the coast of the United
States. Referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
An act for the relief of Pamela Brown, widow
of Major General Jacob Brown, deceased. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act granting five years'lialf-pay to the widow
of Captain J. W. Gunnison. Referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. K
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. There is pending a motion
to refer the joint resolution from the Senate, au-
thorizing an' increase of the clerical force in the
office of the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing, to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman will withdraw
that motion, I will move the postponement of that
joint resolution until Thursday.
Mr. JONES. If the resolution be postponed
until Thursday, will it not have the tendency to
bring it up the first thing in order on that day ?
The SPEAKER. It will take precedence on
the Speaker's table in its-class, whether the prop-
osition suggested by the gentleman be agreed to
or not. If the House now adjoCirn, the question
of committing will be the first in order.
Mr. JONES. I insist on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon adjourned until Thursday
next.
Mr. SEYMOUR, (on the 18th of January,)
from the Committee on the Judiciary, to which
was referred the petition of Thomas Thady, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed, and the petition and report laid upon
the table.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 26, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
NEW SENATOR.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in the unavoidable absence
of Mr. Adams, presented the credentials of Hon.
Albert G. Brown, chosen by the Legislature of
Mississippi a Senator from that State, for the
term of six years from the 4th of March last;
which were read; and the oath prescribed by law
having been administered to Mr. Brown, he took
his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, asking an appropriation to pay the debts
of the last commission to run and mark the bound-
ary between the United States and Mexico; which
was read, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present to
I the Senate the memorial of a large and respectable
meeting of citizens of the city of New York, at
j which the Hon. Jacob A. Westervelt, the mayor,
; presided, in which they express their opinion that
| the present high rates of ocean postage are a very
j serious restriction on the mercantile correspondence
! between the United States and foreign countries,
! and a very great and unnecessary burden upon that
! large and useful population of the United States,
i the emigrants frem foreign countries; that they
; interfere with the advancement of republican msti-
i tutions in other countries; and they ask Congress
to take measures for the reduction of the rates of
! ocean postage. I move that the memorial be referred
I, to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
! I wish also to present a memorial, signed by
II twenty-eight of the thirty-two Senators, and by
■ one hundred and one of the onehundred and twen-
! ty-eight members of the House of Assembly of the
State of New York, together with the Lieutenant
  T ' , 1  AA1* y*\ f Vl Ck
ofNoah Miller, of Lincolnsvilie, in the State of j Governor, who is the Pre®'dl"S °®C!T fc^a
----- - ■ ate an(j the Speaker of the House, praying tor a
reduction in the rates of ocean postage, for which
Re-
Maine; and for the relief of other persons.
ferred to the Committee on Claims. j
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans j
of the officers and seamen of the United States J
schooner Grampus, who weie lust in that vessel ,
I ask the same reference. _ _ .
I wish to present, also, two petitions of the juuge,
justices of the peace, and of the grand and petit
