1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0$f
is the question upon the motion to recommit the
resolution for extending the existing contract for
carrying the mai! in Alabama. The question
pending is the motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
and upon that question the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Grey] is entitled to the floor.
CLERK FOR A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr.GitEY] to yield me the floor for
a moment. I will not consume much of his time.
Mr. GREY. I will yield, if it be not taken out
of my time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on Ter-
ritories have found it impossible to properly dis-
charge their duties as connected with the various
matters referred to them by the House, unless
they can have the assistance, for a short time, of
the services of a clerk. They have asked me to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to em-
power them to employ a clerk for the period of
thirty days. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be author-
ized to employ a clerk, at a price not exceeding four dollars
per day for the time said clerk is actually engaged: JLnd
provided. Said clerk is not to be emploj ed beyond the period
of thirty days.
Mr. MURRAY. I object to the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is impossible for the
committee to get along without a clerk for the time
specified; and 1 am sure the gentleman will with-
draw the objection, if he considers that the reso-
lution authorizes the committee to employ a clerk
for only thirty days.
Mr. BISSELL. It is a very modest request,
and I hope it will be granted.
Mr. MURRAY. I withdraw the objection.
The resolution was then introduced and adopted.
Mr. GREY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. GREY. I hope the gentleman will allow
the resolution to be read for information, and I am
sure he will then have no objection to it.
Mr. HARRIS. I will withdraw my call, pro-
vided the resolution which the gentleman wishes
to introduce is not intended to delay action upon
the bill which was under consideration yesterday.
Mr. GREY. It is not designed to do so; and
if there is any objection to it, 1 will not say a
word upon it.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
1. Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
report to the House of Representatives why the mail ser-
vice was not ■' Jet" and contracted for on the river routes,
1st. From Louisville, Kentucky, to Evansville, Indiana,
and hack, daily; 2d. From Evansville to Cairo, Illinois,
and hack, daily ; 3d From Oauo to St. Louis, Missouri,
and hack, daily; according to the advertisement of3lst De-
cember, 1855, and the 11th section of the act of Congress,
appioved 31st August, 183, which made it the "duty of
the Postmaster General to i«ue proposal* and contract for
the transportation of a daily mail" on those routes, "on
suitable and safe steamboats." The bids, by terms of the
advertisement, to be received in the Post Office Depart-
ment " until three o'clock p. m., of the 10th day of Feb
ruary, 1853, to be decided by 1st of March, and service to
commence on 1st July following, and continue for four
years."
2. Resolved, That he furnish copies of all the contracts
and bids, and " proposals " loi contiacts and bids, which
have been mdde wuh, proposed to, or received from Thom-
as Shirloek and Z. M. Shirley, or either of them, or with,
to, or from any other person or persons, together with cop
ies of all the amendments, alterations, privileges, exten-
sion?, or restrictions authorised and permitted, or assumed
and exercised, and of all order.5-tor additional compensation,
except whaf appears on the face of the contiact or con-
tracts, on this said route from Louisville to St. Louis, or
any part of it, since March, 1851. Ateo, the greatest num-
ber of "mail messengers," "route agents," local agents,
and empioyees, that now are, or have at any one time du-
ring the above period, been engaged in, or connected with,
the service on that route, (exclusive of postmasters)—at
what pomls engaged, and the salary per quarter or per
annum of each one of them ; also, who are now the con-
tractors from Louisville to St. Louis, and in what manner
each and all of said contracts were made, whether privately
or by being let to the lowest bidder; also, what intermediate
offices between Louisville and St. Louishave been author-
ized to be supplied by each contract on that route since
March, 1851, and how often per week each and every one
of tho^e offices were to be supplied under those contracts
oi arrangements since March, 1851.
3. Resolved, That he furnish copies of all orders, rules,
or regulations adopted by him, which tends to prevent or
deny to members of Congress the privilege of going into
the public rooms of the Post Office Department, and then
and there examining, with assistance of the clerks, the
* public records" under the charge of said clerks.
4. Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
abolish all rules, orders, or regulations, which prevents or
denies the privilege to the members of Congress of going
into the public rooms in the Post Office Department, and
then and there examining such public records m the pres-
ence, and with the atsistance of Uie clerk having charge of
them, as such member may desire. That he also abolish
ail rules, orders, or regulations by which the clerks, or either
of them, are prevented or restrained from affording to any
member such information during those examinations a*s the
public records of the Post Office Department will enable
him to give.
Mr. DEAN. I think that resolution ought not
to be adopted. I must object.
Mr. GREY. Which cne does the gentleman
object to ? .
Mr. DEAN. The last one. The one which
proposes to interfere in the Postmaster General's
disposition of the rooms in his Department.
Mr. GREY. If the gentleman objects to only
one, I hope the others may be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions cannot be re-
ceived, unless by unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. DEAN. I must object.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DEAN. I will say to the gentleman from
Kentucky, that next Monday will be resolution
day. if he will offer it then, I will not object.
Mr. GREY. I cannot offer it now, of course,
if the gentleman objects. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have 1 left?
The SPEAKER. Twenty minutes.
Mr. GREY then resumed and concluded his
remarks in explanation of the nature of the con-
tract which was proposed to be extended by this
bill. lie showed that the amount proposed to be
given was higher than was allowed for a greater
amount of service by other contractors. He said
that there were eastern men who had actilally pro-
posed to take this contract at $44,740, for which
it was proposed by this resolution to give $G0,000.
[See Appendix for his remarks.]
Mr. HARjRIS.of Alabama, obtained the floor.
Mr. GREY. I ask the gentleman from Alabama
to allow me to correct one remark. 1 said this
bid was for $40,000. I understand it was $44,000.
Mr. HARRIS. I would ask the gentleman if
that included steamboat service between Mobile
and Stockton ?
Mr. GREY. It did include steamboat service
and all.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, Mr. Speaker, I seldom
intrude myself upon the House, and never unless
it is from a sense of duty. And from a convic-
tion of that kind, I now propose to make a few re-
marks, chiefly in reply to what has fallen from my
honorable friend from Kentucky, who has just
taken his seat.
Sir, the person who is perhaps most deeply in-
terested in the disposition which is to be made of
this resolution, is my neighbor and constituent.
He has been placed by one of the Departments of
this Government in such a position that if this
resolution be defeated, he will be, if not entirely
ruined, at least seriously injured, and I propose
to make this apparent before I take my seat.
My honorable fnend from Kentucky, 1 say in
all kindness to him, has brought a degree of oppo-
sition to this resolution which seems to me to be
totally disproportionate to the object which it con-
templates. The gentleman seems to be very bit-
ter in his opposition; and, if I may be allowed in
kindness to say, his opposition seems rather to be
directed to the Post Office Department than to the
resolution under consideration itself.
Mr. Speaker, I seek not to make myself a party
to any controversy between the Postmaster Gen-
eral and my honorable friend from Kentucky. I
wish not to mix myself up in any such matter.
All I ask is, that if the gentleman from Kentucky
comes here with prejudice in his heart against the
Post Office Department, that that prejudice may
not be allowed to operate to the injury of these
innocent contractors who are likely to be ruined
by the failure of the House to pass the resolution.
*Mr. GREY. 1 ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama, to allow me to say, that I assure him that I
have not the least prejudice against these contract-
ors.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly not. I did not un-
derstand the gentleman as having any.
Mr. GREY. Nor have I any personal preju-
dice against the Postmaster General. But 1 have
a prejudice against, and I am opposed to allowing,
an officer of this Government the exercise of dis-
cretionary power, such as the Postmaster General
has exercised in this case.
Mr. HARRIS. I will say to the gentleman
that I do not stand here as an apologist of the
Postmaster General. 1 am clothed with no such
authority; I invite no such responsibility; I aspire
to no such dangerous preeminence; nor shall I go
one step further in his defense than 1 deem abso-
lutely necessary in justice to these contractors.
Now, sir, i do not propose to follow my hon-
orable friend through all the sinuosities of his
argument. He has made two vehement speeches
in opposition to this resolution, one when it was
before the House on a former occasion, and the
other commenced yesterday and finished to-day.
I do not propose to follow him. In the brief period
of forty minutes, in which I wish to close my
remarks, I could not follow him. 1 wish toconfine
myself to what I consider the gist of this matter—
the contract. I will not go back beyond the period
of the contract to investigate whether or not the
head of the Post Office Department has done right
or wrong. I call the attention of the House to
this matter; and how stands it ?
But, I will first say, that my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Grey] spoke yesterday of the char-
acter of this House; that it was Democratic; and
he appealed to the majority here not to dispose of
the matter on principles of party. By way of
giving force to his appeal, he said that he had
never been considered too good a Whig, for he
had run against the organization of his own party.
Now,I mention thissimply by way of reply, that
1 am a good Democrat. 1 respect the organization
of all parties; and yet do I stand here, in the midst
of a Democratic majority, without appealing to
Democrats on the score of party. 1 do not ask
them to vote for this, because it is recommended
by a Democratic Postmaster General, and 1 appeal
with confidence to Whigs, to say that they will
not reject it, because it has the recommendation of
a Democratic Postmaster General.
My friend, in the first speech he made, Reemed
to me to endeavor to interweave something like
prejudice against this measure, by intimating that
there was favoritism on the part of the Post Office
Department; that a previous special mail agent
had become the beneficiary of this contract. When
we come to look.into this matter, we find that the
very individual of whom my honorable friend
speaks is, as 1 can testify, as good a Whig as ever
trod the soil of Alabama. The other is a Demo-
crat; but they are both honorable men—men of
enterprise, and who are and have been connected
with the staging interest of the country. Mr.
Metcalfe, the Whig, fell under the guillotine'of
this Administration; and after he was decapitated,
he and Mr. Powell came together and made this
contract. There is no favoritism in it. The Post-
master General was animated by higher consider-
ations—considerations which looked to the public
interests of the country, as I think that I shall be
able to show. How stands this matter, then, sir ?
1 propose to state the facts, divested of all the ex-
traneous matter to which my honorable friend has
alluded.
This contract which is proposed to be extended,
is for carrying the mail between Montgomery
and Mobile, a distance of some one hundred
and sixty or one hundred and ninety miles. It
is in the line of the great thoroughfare between
the great cities of Boston, New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, Charleston, and Augusta, to the
north, and to the south of the great cities of
Mobile and New Orleans, and all the south. I
say, sir, that it is a link of this great chain of
inter-communication. One of the most important
mails of the country passes over it, perhaps the
most important. Well, in consequence of the-
extension of railroad improvements, the reduction
of the postage on printed mail matter, the increase-
of population within the last few years, the mails
have become so cumbrous that it is impossible
that a four-horse stage coach, which was the spe-
cific contract for that loute, could convey this
mail. This mail supplies New Orleans; supplies
Pensacola, one of your naval stations; supplies
Alabama, portion of Mississippi, South Arkan-
sas; and supplies the country for a considerable
distance up the Mississippi river. Jt is an im-
portant mail—important to the people, and most
especially important to the commercial a d mer-
cantile interests of the country.
My honorable friend says, that sometime back
the mail passed over this route for $36,000 per
annum. So it did. During the last year, in conse-
