958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
quence of the accumulation of mail matter at Mont-
gomery, where it is piled up in masses to such an
extent that a house would not contain it, where it
is put on the side-walk, obstructing the passages in
the city, as J have seen it, it has become necessary
that additional service should be performed.
My honorable friend reads the law, and he tells
you. that these contractors agreed to carry the
whole mail, and that when a man makes a con-
tract of that kind he must carry the whole mail ;
if he has a two-horse stage coach, and a steamboat
comes along, the two-horse stage coach must take
the steamboat load, for that is the interpretation.
Mr. GREY. The gentleman misunderstood me.
I said that if the mail was more than the contract-
or could carry, the Postmaster General must re-
lease him. The law provides that his contract
shall be forfeited.
Mr. HARRIS. I will read the law myself.
My honorable friend is mistaken upon that point.
That is not the law. Whenever a contractor
abandons his contract, or whenever the Post-
master General feels it to be his duty to dismiss
him, he can do it. If thecontiactor abandons his
contract, then the Postmaster General must re-
advertise the service. But in a case like this,
there is no necessity for a readvertisement. The
law does not require it. The Department has
never practiced upon it. But here is the law, and
the reason of it will address itself at once to the
good sense of every intelligent man What isit?
It is, that whenever it becomes necessary for the
service of the Post Office Department, or for the
postal service of the couniry, that additional ser-
vice shall be put upon a line, the Postmaster Gen-
eral is clothed with authority to put additional
service upon it, and it is limited only by the
question of pay; he cannot go beyond the pro rata
pay for the original contract. That is the sub-
stance of the law.
Mr. GREY. Will the gentleman now allow
me to read a portion of the contract made by these
very contractors >
Mr. HARRIS. I know what the contract is.
The gentleman has read it once.
Mr. GREY. I have not read this part of it in
relation to the service. It says, that the Post-
master General may discontinue or curtail the
service, in order to place on the route a greater
degree of service, or whenever the public interests
require such curtailment or discontinuance, and
that the contractor shall be paid one month's pay.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 know that. Certainly the
Postmaster General has reserved the right to him-
self, under the law, of annulling this contract alto-
gether, by paying the contractors one month's
extra pay. He does that in every contract. There
is not a contract made in the Union that is not
precisely in the terms which lu^e been read by
the gentleman. Rut let me turn to the law. Here
is the law—the law made by you, and it clothes I
the Postmaster General with authority, in the j
first place to annul a contract if he thinks proper, \
and in the next place, to put additional service on
the route, and m the event he does order additional
service, he can pay nothing more than pro rata for
that additional service. That is the law.
Now, what are the faets in this case? I say,
that that very provision of the law contemplated J
that such an exigency might arise in the postal j
arrangements of the country, and ittherefore pro- j
vided that the PostmasterGener.il should add to i
the service. Well, sir, precisely such an exi- I
gency did arise in this case; and in rebuttal to the [
declaration of my friend that this service has t
heretofore been performed by Wade, Allen &
Co., and that there is now no necessity for extra '
pay, I need only refer to the communication of,
the Postmaster General, which comes here in '
answer to the resolution of my friend, for ample j
evidence to show that fins exigency contemplated
by law had arisen. What is it? j
I presume that a great majority of the members i
have read it, as it is found in document eighty- i
nine. I will not consume the time of the House
by reading it. In the communication signed by i
four special mnii agents of the Department, ad- '
dressed to the Department, I find the following: j
" We aie satisfied that the mails have nearly doubled in ■
t!i" la-i twelve month*, and that something should be done, jl
with :«>* liitW- (h'iuv a- po-Mlile, to relieve said line by putting ''
on an additional daily line of coaclie.>." '!
This communication is signed by four special l|
mail ogentfj, who are upon the ground, acquainted 'I
with the necessities of the service and the geog-
laphy of the country; and this is the information
which they communicate to the Post Office De-
partment. But this is not all. My friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Grey,] in the first speech he
made the other day, states that this was a secret
and private eontract,and that the thing was done
in a corner. It was done from the house-top. I
have read from the report of the special mail agents;
and in the very same pamphlet containing it, to
which i call the attention of the Speaker and the
House, I find a memorial, signed by the leadingcit-
izens of Mobile, asking for additional service upon
this line. Not only so, but 1 call the attention of
the House to a memorial, contained in the same
pamphlet, from the Chamber of Commerce in the
city of New Orleans, asking for this additional
service. The newspaper press in that region of
the country teemed with articles upon the subject
of mail irregularities and mail obstructions occa-
sioned by the accumulation of mail matter.
Mr. COBB. My colleague says that the con-
tract was not a secret and private one, and that
the thing was not done in a corner. I ask him if
he will read the proposition from a number of
steamboat men ?
Mr. HARRIS. I was just coming to that. I
think I have shown, and produced evidence, that
the exigency contemplated by the law had arisen,
and that the mail could not be conveyed under the
contract requiring the mail to be carried in single
four-horse coaches. The exigency arose, and
the service had to be increased. What does the
Postmaster General do ? Did he contract privately
and secretly, and make a clandestine arrange-
ment, as*the honorable gentleman intimated? Not
at all. Mr. Zevely, an agent of the Post Office
Department, was sent to southern Alabama, and
his communication is contained in the same docu-
ment called for by my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, (Mr. Grey.] it seems that the Postmaster
General sent agents for the purpose of finding out
the best terms upon which an arrangement could
be made. What was the result? I find in this
same pamphlet a communication from the steam-
boat captains of the river, and also communica-
tions from the contractors of the land service.
Mark you, here is a communication from stage-
men of Montgomery and Mobile, upon a route
running parallel with the river. There is also a
letter from Messrs. Waring & Co., addressed to
the Postmaster General, in which they say:
"That they have had a convention of steamboat captains
to deliberate upon this matter, and let the Postmaster Gen-
eral know the bc-t termH upon which this thing could be
done. Their proposition is to carry the mail tor $100 000,
with the privilege of an extended schedule."
That is what the steamboat captains say, in
solemn convention assembled. Let me read what .
the contractors /or the land service say. Here is j
the correspondence contained m this same docu-j
ment, called for by my friend from Kentucky, '
of Beman, Ellsworth & Co., the largest and :
most responsible mail contract firm in the South.
They say to the Postmaster General that they
will undertake it, and that the best terms upon
which they will undertake it is #72,000; and mark
that this is upon the condition of the privilege of
having the contract extended for four years. Now,
sir, there was the proposition made, and what do
Messrs. Powell and Metcalfe do? They propose
that they will do it for the same rate of compen-
sation that they were to get for the original line.
But the special agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment said that the service ought to be doubled.
These parties said they would do double service
for double pay. The Postmaster General said he
would not give that, but that he would give two
thuds pro rata compensation. What said the
contractors to that ' They answered that they
could not afford to do it upon such terms. They
agreed to do it even upon such terms, provided
that the Postmaster General would recommend to
Congress to extend their contract for four years.
Mark, this occurred only last July. This addi-
tional service commenced on the first day of
November. They were obliged to new stock a
route one hundred and sixty miles m length with
horses, coaches, and everything else necessary for
the service. They said they could not do that
for a term of only seven months, the period which
elapsed before the contract would expiie; but that
if the Postmaster General would recommend to
Congress to extend the contract for four years,
they would do it.
Mr. GREY. I understand the gentleman to
say that when they proposed to give to those con-
tractors the route at the same price at which Wade
Allen had had it, they said they could not under-
take to do it for the seven months, the unexpired
time of their contract. But if the gentleman will
look at the contract, he will see that they did un-
dertake to do it. They did contract to do it at
the same price, and the contract is now among the
documents of the Post Office Department.
Mr. HARRIS. I know that; but subsequent
to the time to which the gentleman refers, it be-
came necessary to add a double daily service.
The Department said we require a double service,
and the contractors replied that they would doit
for double pay—double the price, and we will
double the labor. But the Postmaster General was
not willing to do that, but he proposed to pay
them two thirds pro rata compensation, and they
accepted upon the terms which had been oftered
by the next lowest bidder, $72,000. The contract
was closed.
Now, why is it that Ellsworth & Co. would
not agree to do it for $72,000, for the unexpired
term of seven months ? Why was it that Powell
and Metcalfe would not except of it upon any other
ground than the extension of their contract? The
answer will be found in the statement which I
shall make of the expenses which they were
obliged to incur. What were they? They had
to restock their road, which is one hundred and
sixty miles in length. Their horses were jaded
and broken down, and they purchased two hun-
dred horses. They built several bridges, one of
which cost them, out of their private purse, $1,500.
They erected workshops for the repairs of their
coaches, and blacksmith shops for repairs of dam-
ages. You will see that these latter expenses were
necessary from the fact that this road runs through
an uninhabited region for seventy miles. They
have had to erect permanent stables and work-
shops. They have purchased for their original
stock fifty sets of harness, at fifty dollars a piece,
amounting to §2,500. They purchased their stock
and planted them upon the road, and made these
expensive investments, and they did it all in view
of an extension of their contract by Congress.
They did it—for permit me to say that these are
not men of extensive means—upon borrowed cap-
ital, upon the good faith, upon the good con-
science, of Congress. They did it in a spirit of
generous confidence upon Congress.
Now, sir, how stands this case ? My only pur-
pose is to present what I consider to be the kernel
of the case—the gist of the matter, rejecting all
extraneous consideration. I say, how stands
the case? Sir, m good faith, in good conscience,
in equity, this Congress is pledged to the exten-
sion of this contract.
Mr. Speaker, I have had placed in my hand a
note from a gentleman upon this floor, which I beg
leave to introduce, as evidence in the matter, in
defense of the Postmaster General, to show that
he has only performed his duty in reference to the
letting of this contract. It is from the Hon. J.
Vansant, and is as follows:
" T know that tiie Postmaster General was active to the
end that a contractor might be secured to perform the ser-
vice, and sent fot a Inrse and distinguished matl conhactor
at Iiulumoic, and uupoituned lnni to stock the road, to
convey the mail. The latter iefn«ed, upon the ground that
no leasonable amount of pay would be sufficient compen-
sation for suoh heavy service as is required from Mont-
gomery to Mobile."
And yet, in the face of all this, when these men
have come forward, as I said, relying upon the
good faith of Congress to protect them in*the im-
mense investments which they have been obliged
to make, amounting to £30,000, gentlemen oppose
the extension of this contract. Sir, the law is
not now as it once was, when the successor of
a contractor was bound to take the stock of that
contractor at a reasonable price; but if this eon-
tract goes into the hands of other contractors, their
stock will all be left upon their hands. Many of
their investments are of a permanent character,
consisting not only of coaches, but in workshops,
which must be nearly a total loss to them They
will be neaily or wholly ruined; and why? Be-
cause, in a spirit of generous confidence, relying
upon a contract made by an officer of the Govern-
ment, who is a representative of Congress, they
made these investments. I said, a moment since*
that Congress aie in equity bound to carry out
this contract. It may be that contractors can be
