1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
ftJM
obtained now for a less amount than this resolution
proposes to pay; and why? These men did not
have the usual notice for making preparations for
this service; they did not wait for the regular day
of letting, but the" came forward when mail bags
were lying piled up in heaps at Montgomery,
and the transportation stopped.
Now, sir, how is it? The law of Congress has
clothed the Postmaster General with power at his
discretion, whenever the service requires it, to ex-
tend contracts, and to increase them. He has the
discretionary power to authorize additional ser-
vice, and wherever the necessity arises he would
neglect his duty if he did not do it. Then, sir, he
had the right to do it. The exigency arose, and
he was bound to act. How did he act? Did he
act rightly ? He ought to have so acted. It was
his duty to act rightly. What was right? To
get responsible contractors on the best possible
terms? Did he do it? Does not the testimony
show it ? What more could the Postmaster Gen-
eral do ? What less will you give those contract-
ors than an extension of this contract when they
came forward, as I a moment since remarked, at
a crisis in the public service, only seven months
anterior to the expiration of the contract term,
and made the lowest bid that could be possibly
procured.
Now what is the predicament in which these
men are placed? This resolution was introduced
into the Senate. It passed that body, in pursu-
ance of a special recommendation of the Post-
master General, contained in his general report to
Congress, which I hold in my hand, and, as I
learn, without a dissenting voice. It came here,
was referred to one of the standing committees, re-
ported back, and recommended to the favorable
action of the House. That is the way the thing
stands here. When the resolution came here from
the Senate we wanted it acted on. Why? Be-
cause the period of letting contracts was at hand.
These gentlemen are men engaged in themail con-
tract service. They wanted to know what their fate
would be. They wanted to know whether Con-
gress would ratify this matter. My honorable
friend from Kentucky would not let us have ac-
tion. He moved its reference to the Committee
on the Past Office and Post Roads. We wanted
action then ? It was but just and fair to these con-
tractors that they should be put loose before the
period of bidding was over; but, as I have said,
by the action of my honorable friend, they were
prevented attaining their object. It was sent to the
Committee on thePostOffice and Post Roads. The
day for bidding has passed. There stand these con-
tractors—men who have had the contract, men
who have already contracted with the Post Office
Departmentfor it. They were placed in this predic-
ament: If they bid for this contract, they were
compelled to abandon their contract with the De-
partment. They could not put in a bid there, and
with any conscience ask Congress to extend this
contract. What have they done? They, in a
spirit of reliance on the good faith of Congress,
determined not to bid. They did not bid; and
they now leave this whole matter to the equity,
good conscience, and sense of justice which may
control the deliberations and the action of this
body.
Mr. COBB. I would ask my colleague to yield
me the floor, that I may say three words.
Mr. HARRIS. Only three?
Mr. COBB. May be four or five. [Laughter.]
I have done injustice to this ease, perhaps, and I
want to set myself right.
Mr. HARRIS, I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. In a conversation with several gen-
tlemen on this floor, when the resolution now under
consideration was on the Speaker's table, it seem-
ing to be for the relief of Alabamians, and as I
was myself a Representative from Alabama, with-
out investigating the matter, but with the lights I
had before me then, I stated that I thought it was
wrong. I now intend to do justice, so far as that
declaration is concerned; I am bound to do to-day
as I did yesterday when I ascertained that 1 was
not in the right; I back out from that declaration
of the resolution being wrong. When the ques-
tion caiue up for full discussion and fair consider-
ation, as I do in every case where I am called to
vote, I investigated it with the utmost pf the lim-
ited ability which I possess. I investigated this
matter; and after full conference with persons who
are well informed in relation to it, and with all the
facts I could collect bearing upon the question, I
have come to the conclusion.that my first opinion
was wrong, and that this resolution ought to pass.
I think it is due to the persons interested in this
matter, due to myself, and in order to present the
question fairly before those with whom I con-
versed when this subject first came up, that they
may not say that an Alabamian is opposed to the
resolution, and consequently it must be wrong,
that I should make this explanation. I now take
back what I said before, and I shall support the
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man permit me to say a word or two?
Mr. HARRIS. I will yield to the gentleman
for a minute or two.
Mr. JONES. The House is aware that when
this bill came from the Senate, and when it was
HUB VJLIL \_-tlllIO 11UI11 wviiutv) mum «
attempted to be put upon its passage by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Philups,] I objected
to its passage, and advocated its reference to the
committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. It is
possible that, from the fact of my location, and the
fact that my constituents are almost entirely sup-
plied by this route, the suggestions which 1 made
the other day may have had some influence upon
the decision of the House at that time. 1 am glad
that the course was then pursued of referring the
bill to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. I confess that I was somewhat influenced
in my course on that occasion by the fact that I
do not approve generally of thecourse of the Post-
master General, at least so far as my constituents
are concerned, and I felt disposed to hold him to
a strict accountability.
1 have investigated this matter, and, in the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Alabama, who has
just taken his seat, 1 confess myself wrong, and I
am willing to take back what I then said.
I will state, further, that I believe it is the duty
of this House not to ruin these contractors by
refusing to pass this resolution, but that, on the
contrary, it is a duty which we owe to them and
to the public service to extend their contract.
It is apparent, it seems to me, frottf the testi-
mony which has been adduced here, that this con-
tract could not be secured for a less sum to have
it efficiently performed. We all know that the
mail line from Montgomery to Mobile carries per-
haps more mail matter than any other route of the
same length in the United States. It is also a fact
that it requires not only stage coaches, but also a
steamboat, to carry this mail; and the wholeof this
service is now performed for $60,000.
Well, there is another point in this case which
had a material influence on my judgment the
other day, and which I am now disposed to cor-
rect. because 1 believe I gave a wrong interpreta-
tion to the law. As I stated the other day, there
are two species of contracts—one is called "spe-
cific service," and the other "star bids." Now,
a "star bid" is where a party agrees to carry
the whole mail on a ceitam route for a certain
sum of money; and it matters not how large that
mail may be, he is still required to carry it, but he
is not required to carry it in any particular way.
It would appear from the contract, as read by the
gentleman from Kentucky, that the person is re-
quired to carry the whole mail in stage coaches, if
he agrees to carry it in that specific mode.
Mr HARRIS. I have but a moment left, and
my time will allow me to make only a single re-
mark. I have endeavored to present what I con-
ceive to be the merits of this case. My friend
from Kentucky speaks of the underbidding which
has been offered under this contract with Powell.
Mr. GREY. I said that it was not a legal bid
according to the advertisement.
Mr. HARRIS. It is a legal bid, and a contract
made with the Department under the law. 1 he
resolution is no contract at all. It simply calls
upon Congress to vest the Postmaster Genera
with authority to extend the contract provided
he believes it will comport with the public inter-
ests. Inasmuch as these contiactors have been
cut off from the privilege of bidding, it is equiva-
lent to a mere proposition to place them m the
category of bidders, that they may have a fair
chance. I could reply more fully, and, as I think,
conclusively, to the remarks of the honorable
gentleman 'from Kentucky, but I have not the
time to do it now. This subject, I presume, has
been fully discussed, and I presume that every
member of the House has made up hia mmd in
regard to it. Inasmuch as there is a great anxiety
to dispose of this matter, I shall move the previous
question, provided it is not deemed jinfeir.
Mr. GjjjEY. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama [MIISarius] allow me to call his attention
to the law to be found on the. forty-third page of
the Post Office Laws and Regulations.; which reads
as follows:
" And whenever it shall become necessary to change the
terms ofany existing contract in any other manner iSan
that designated in this act, or to enter into a contraet.for
the transportation of the mail at any other time than at the
annual Jetting, the Postmaster General shall give notice in
one newspaper published at Washington oily, ami-in one
newspaper published as near as may be to the route on which
the services are to be performed, for at least four weeks
before changing or making such contract, invinng proposals
therefor; which proposals shall be received and opened,
and such proceedings thereon had in ail things as at the
annual lettitigs: Provided, however, That the Postmaster
General may make temporary contracts until a regular let-
ting can take place."
Mr. HARRIS. I dare say that the law has no
application at all to the case under consideration..
I have read the law which does apply to it, and
it clothes the Postmaster General with power to
add additional service when the exigencies of the.
service require it. The resolution only proposes
to carry out a contract already existing. 1 under-
stand that the motion which will be first put to the
House is upon the motion of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and P-ost Roads to
recommit this bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. *
I will only say to those who feel disposed to
advance this bill, and even to its. enemies, who are:
in favor o.f disposing of the matter, that when the
motion is put to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, we can
vote it down, and then proceed to vote upon the
bill. The chairman of the committee, [Mr. Olds,]
who made the motion for the purpose only of
saving the position of this bill, and to prevent it
from going to the lower orders of business upon
the Speaker's table, is not now in his seat. Were
he here, he would withdraw the motion; but as he
is not, we must vote upon it, and can vote it down,
and then proceed to action upon the bill itself.
Mr. GROW. I have asked the indulgence of
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Harris] merely
to explain a point which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Grey] s«ems to insist on, and that is,
that a mail contractor is bound by his contract to
carry all the mail on. his route. There is but one
bid recognized by the Post Office Department
which requires a contractor to carry all the mail
matter, and that is what is called a "star bid.
In that he is bound to carry the mails with
safety, certainty,and dispatch; and he must carry
the whole mail. But if he specifies in his bid tha
mod? of carrying the mail, he is only bound to-
carry a reasonable quantity consistent with tb 
mode of conveyance designated. Jf he contracts
to transport the mail with a one-horse conveyance,
he is bound to carry only such a quantity as is
reasonable for such a mode of. service. If the
Post Office Department is satisfied that the quan-
tity which is required to be carried is too large for
the mode of service specified, then it is the duty
of the Postmaster General to supply the ways and
means of carrying the balance,
Mr. TRACY. As my name has been men-
tioned in connection with this matter of bids, I
will simply explain what I know about the sub-
ject. A constituent of mine, one Daniel I.
'Kingsley, who has been long successfully engaged
in the business of staging, and who is a gentle-
man and a man of responsibility, made a bid tor
this route, agreeably to the existing contract, for
<444 740, by which bid he offered to carry the
mail precisely as is done under the contract which
is now proposed to be extended, but m one hour
shorter time. . ... . .
"4Mr. HARRIS. If this proposition is rejected,
and these gentlemen are defeated, they will stand
to-morrow just where they stand to-day. But
look at the condition of these contractors, who^
have ffone into this matter, relying upon a rec-
ommendation to Congress to extend the con-
tract. I have already shown the great expendi-
tures which they have been obliged to make to
carry out their arrangement with the Post Office
Department, and it is unnecessary to say more
about it. 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the resolution
upon the tabk.
