1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ernment. They not only declare it a trust fund
expressly, but a trust fund upon specific terms.
What do you do with that clause of the deeds of
cession ? The Senator from Michigan says you
are to divide the lands for the general benefit of all,
and that this measure will do it; but the deeds
say you shall divide it for the benefit of all the
States in a certain ratio. You may strike at that;
but how can you get rid of it? The Senator has
given us three or four speeches upon this question,
and I have watched his argument closely; but he
has uniformly got around this point, and no gen-
tleman in favor of this bill, unless the Senator
"from Indiana has attempted to meet it. He has
met it by declaring that the provisions of the deeds
of cession are void. That is the only way in
which they can be got around. That Senator is
in the habit of meeting questions directly. He
Baw the necessity of getting rid of the terms of the
trust; and, therefore, he says the Constitution is
in conflict with it, and these deeds are clearly void;
and hence we take the land without the condi-
tions ! I humbly submit that, as to the first class
of cases, such as the cession from Virginia, the
Constitution is conclusive that the deed is a valid
contract. As to the second class of cases, if you
accept the trust, but are incapable of holding it, it
reverts to the grantor, or you must carry out the
trust.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I never sup-
posed that the honorable Senator from Indiana,
who is certainly a gentleman of legal mind and
legal attainments, could have ventured to say
that a compact made with the State of Virginia
in reference to this property had been superseded
by a political engagement, entered into by the
States in common, in reference to the dominion
over that property; and yet that is exactly the
argument, and the only argument which he has
' adduced, to show that this compact is not binding.
Virginia claimed that this land washer property,
and, as a State, she had dominion over it. She
ceded that property to the United States under
the Confederation. She ceded it as property, and
made stipulations with the United States for what
purposes that property should be used—that it
should be used as a fund for the common benefit
of all the States, in proportion to the charges upon
those States. Those charges were then regulated
by Congress according to a certain ratio. After-
wards, all the States established a new form of
government, and to this new Government reverted
the property held by the old Government. In this
political engagement a doubt might very well arise,
the new Government being one of limited power,
whether dominion of any kind could be exercised
over that property—I mean dominion as distin-
guished from the right of property. This politi-
cal engagement simply was that the United States
might " dispose of, and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting," their territory or other
property. Now, says the Senator, that merged
the original engagement. I submit to him at
once that the difference is between a compact pre-
scribing the conditions or the terms to which that
property should be put, and a political engage-
ment vesting them with dominion to exercise po-
litical power over the territory of which the prop-
erty consisted. If that then be the only reason
why this compact with the State of Virginia
should not be regarded, I submit to the Senate,
at once, that the reason is invalid.
Now, sir, a few words as to what fell from the
honorable Senator from Michigan. That honor-
able Senator undertook to deny the title of the
State of Virginia to this property which the Fed-
eral Government accepted, thereby admitting her
title. Oh, says the Senator, there was some
shadowy claim of these States, we know, to ex-
tend their limits to the Pacific ocean, but it was
never exactly defined. Therefore, although the
Federal Government recognized it as the property
of Virginia, submitted to the stipulations contained
in the deed of cession, never claimed any domin-
ion or right of property in it whatever, except
through this cession, as to this particular property,
at this day that honorable Senator feels himself at
liberty to scout the right of Virginia in general
terms, by saying it was a shadowy, vague, and
undefined claim!
Sir, I had hoped that honorable Senator was too
practiced an American statesman, accustomed to
regard the rights of the States, accustomed to re-
gard the sacred obligations of contracts and com-
pacts, whether entered into with theStates or with
individuals, to avail himself, as he does here, a
representative of one of the States, of that prop-
erty, and then to deny the title of the party ceding
it. Yet that is exactly what he has done, and in
a most vague, general, and indefinite manner, on
his part.
Why, Mr. President, the acceptance by the
United States of this very deed of cession was a
recognition of the right of property of Virginia;
and in that deed of cession the State of Virginia was
allowed to make reservation of a portion of that
very property which she ceded. Virginia ceded
her whole title; but she stipulated that, in consid-
eration of this cession of property, certain ex-
penses which she had incurred in defending the
ceded territory should be reimbursed. She fur-
ther reserved one hundred and fifty thousand acres
of land lying northwest of the river Ohio, to be
given to General George Rogers Clarke's regi-
ment, who had conquered thecountry. That res-
ervation, made in the deed of cession, was sub-
mitted to, on the part of the Federal Government,
and yet, here the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, without distinctly declaring or defining why,
denounces the title of the State of Virginia, ac-
cepted with this reservation on the part of that
State, of a portion of the very property thus
ceded. But there was more reserved. It was
further provided that, in case certain land which
had been reserved on the southeastern side of the
Ohio for military purposes should be found insuf-
ficient, the deficiency should be made up in good
lands between the Sciota and Little Miami, oh the
northwestern side of that river. All these reser-
vations were contained in the deed of cession, and
acceeded to and submitted to by the Federal Gov-
ernment; and yet, the honorable Senator from
Michigan denies the title of Virginia.
Mr. President, I do not design nor desire to go
into the argument of this measure. I have said
that this was the commencement, as I understand
j it, of an agrarian policy ; I have said that, as I un-
I derstand it, it is the design on the part of the Fed-
1 eral Government to go into an agrarian policy.
The honorable Senator says this is the old cry of
an agrarian policy. He shuffles that off, too, be-
fore the American people in a vague and general
way, and he cites here some instances where the
General Government, for specific objects, ceded
specific portions of land in waste and uncultivated
territory as a precedent to show that our ances-
\ tors had done what it is here proposed to do.
' Why, sir, I can very well understand that there
may be occasions when you put this property to
good use by ceding certain portions of your terri-
tory to a particular glass of settlers who will go
there and settle on it and cultivate it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia allow me to make a suggestion on that :
point? j
Mr. MASON., With pleasure. I
Mr. TOOMBS. I forgot, when I was up be- j
fore, to allude to the fact that the settlers at Vin-j
cennes and Gallipolis, to whom grants were made
as stated by the Senator from Michigan,and espe-
cially those at Vincennes, were brought there
under the French title; and when they were dis-
possessed of that claim under an adversary title
j by the Virginia claim being made paramount, it
I was thought wise to give them a title from our
Government. That is the fact.
! Mr. MASON. I have not attempted to look
into that fact; but I am obliged to the Senator for
the explanation which he has given. I can very
well understand that, in wild and unsettled terri-
tory, under the doctrine of prudent proprietorship
which has been spoken of, it would, m somecases, i
be wise for a proprietor to invite settlers, to a cer- 1
tain extent, to induce men to come, in order to j
subdue the wilderness and bring into the market!
his land. I can imagine that very state of things
to exist now in the Territory of Utah, which has I
I been taken possession of by alawlessband of peo- I
pie with peculiar institutions and habits, which we !
consider immoral and demoralizing. They are at '
a great distance from the settled portions of our ,j
country on both oceans. And I can very well ;|
imagine a policy to give a portion of that land to a [
different race of people, who would go there and <
reclaim it; and who, in good time, might bring a
sufficient number around them to drive out the
other set. But what is the policy here ? It opens
all the public lands everywhere. There is no pre-
tension or profession that the object is to give value
to the public lands in the adjacent country. It
opens them everywhere, in every State and every
Territory where the public lands have been
brought into market. Sir, if I recollect aright a
measure of this kind originated with the cele-
brated Industrial Congress, which was held, -I
think, in the State of New York-. I do not mea'n
to say that this bill originated there, but that the
policy of this bill originated there, and they said
it was to give land to the landless, and homes to
the homeless. Sir, if you can give land to the
landless out of the public property, can you not
give money to the moneyless, and bread to the
breadless, upon precisely the same ground? If the
only plea is that they have no homes, and that,
therefore, you must give them a home, I ask, why
are you not, exactly to the same extent, called
upon to build them a house? If this is a plea that
is good, I would almost assent to what I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Indiana says
would be a favorite policy of his, that this Gov-
ernment should have power, not only to give a
man land, but to compel him to live upon it. I
understood the honorable Senator to state that.
Mr. PETTIT. Not to compel him to live upon
it, but to own it,
Mr. MASON. Compel him to own it
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Then the honorable Senator
must assert a right which I do not understand can
be asserted under the limited powerof the Federal
Government—a right in the Government to sub-
stitute the wisdom if the Government for the wis-
dom of the people; to say to aman "whetheryou
believe your welfare and happiness will be pro-
moted or not, by purchasing land, the wisdom of
the Government is superior to yours, and we will
compel you to purchase it and own it, and of
course make it inalienable." This bill proposes
to make it inalienable as to certain purposes. This
is the pretension on the part of the Government.
Least of all should it be exercised by a Govern-
ment like ours, of limited powers; but it is a pre-
tension on the part of the Government to substi-
tute its wisdom in the private pursuits of the
people, for the wisdom of the people in those
pursuits. Sir, I cannot conceive a meas«re that
will tend more to demoralize the people of the
country than the policy prescribed by this .bill.'
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Senator allow , me to
ask him, does he deny the power of this Govern-
ment to give bread to the breadless?
Mr. MASON. The power of the Federal Gov-
ernment?
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Undoubtedly I do, or a home
to the homeless. Why, sir, I am very certain
that the honorable Senator voted against the fa-
mous bill for the benefit of the insane, that was
passed here during this session.
Mr. PETTIT. I did. I held it to be entirely
inexpedient; but I did not consider that it was be-
yond our constitutional power.
Mr. MASON. lean only say, then, that the
Senator construes the powers of this Government
by a very different scale from that which I do.
Mr. President, if this Government could institute
a policy which was to control the high moral tone
of the American people, I should say it would be
to teach them to become independent by their own
laborand theirown exertion, and yet the policy of
i the bill is to paralyze the arm of labor, to make the
' people dependent on the bounty of the Govern-
! ment. You may well put into this bill a provision
preventing its beneficiaries from alienating the
property which they will receive under it, because
there is not one in ten who will receive this bounty
at the hands of the Government who will be able
to retain it after he gets it. The effect of it upon
that population will be to make them improvident
and worthless. There is no American citizen,
no man with an American tone, with that feeling
of independence which ought to belong, and I
believe does belong, to our people, who would not
feel himself humiliated in receiving this bounty at
the hands of the Government. Who is to get it?
Does anybody believe that either old or young
from the old States will migrate to the West to
receive this bounty' No, no. It will be taken
only by those in the neighborhood who have im-
mediate access to it, and who will say "if it rains
mush and milk, we will holdout the spoon,"orit
will be taken by the immense horde of foreign
