1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 2t>, 185-4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
- - report from Mr. Campbell, the
AW fVl VI o pt A T t KiS TT tpn
Wl
4
transmitting a    - , —
present Commissioner on the part of the United
States to settle unpaid claims between this Gov-
ernment arid citizens of Mexico, stating that, after
investigation, he (Mr. Campbell) had ascertained
that fifty thousand dollars would be required to
liquidate these unpaid debts; and recommending
that an appropriation of fifty thousand dollars be
made for that purpose.
Oil motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
communication and accompanying repeat were re-
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the :
debate on the President's message is to be closed i
to-day, at one o'clock. My colleague [Mr. Eth- j
ehidge] has the floor, and unless the House go
into committee now, he will lose the opportunity
to make a speech. I therefore move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. j
The question was put and agreed to; and the j
House resolved itself into the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Oiui in ,
the chair.) ;
■ The CHAIRMAN. The committee,at itslast_.
sifting, had under consideration the reference of
the President's message, and on that the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I am
aware, sir, that in an assembly of tlns^ kind, si-
lence commends itself most foi cibly to those who
have taken but little part in public affairs; yet, sir,
there are times, no doubt, when the most exacting
will excuse a mere expression of personal opin-
'5n. I hope—-I trust, it is so now. It has been
,jut two days since the Committee on Military
Affairs reported hack to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it should pass, the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate, reviving the grade of Lieuten-
ant General in the Army, and authorizing .the ;
President, under circumstances therein mentioned, ].
to confer the rank, specially by brevet, upon either j!
of our Major Generals who rendered eminent ser- |
vices in the late war with Mexico. Ceitain indi- '
cations on the part of the House, at the time that :
report was made, have caused me to uesire, thus ;
early, to make some remarks which, otherwise, 1
should have deferred to a much later day. i
And in saying that which I propose to say, I 1
am not unmindful of the forced connection this
subject has had with the political events of the :
last two years, and of the difficulty of considei- ,
ins; it with that delicacy and moderation wntch |
will avoid arousing some of those feelmgs which i,
the past so naturally awakened j
I do not expect to remove opinions and preju- ,
dices which some have heretofore formed, and to i;
which they are committed by the unalterable le- ,
cords of the connlry. I prefer rather to address ,
myself to those who have not, heretoiore, been ,
committed for or against the measure, and whose
favorable and impartial consideration I may nope i
for. without being met by a repetition of tnose
ar«Timen'R and objections, which have become so
much weakened uy time and attending circum- i
sUM.ces. , , u rp
1 am "ntif.ed to know, mat up011 t!ie vef'
our :a u.'rt m the matter now before us, nothm,- n
vast or immediate public, moment cm depend.
The lesnlution does not involve the great ques-
tions of pence or war—of progress or expansion
Even the ln-kneyed political controversies of the
'!(>v ai e left untouched; for, decide it as you will,
the people and the Government wil, move on m the
some continued order and harmony, undi.-,tinKu
mid unaffected by the results of your action.
I do not, admit, however, that the pronosUion
is without great merits. It is necessity con-
nected with a very miroitant aim o! tne Govern-
ment, ha\ ing for us object the addmon.u eoeoai-
ngeirmntof thoce whose responsibilities arealwavs
so great m time of actual war, and which, if
adopted, caiinot possibly be tortured into an injury
to any pejsoii, or to any interest whatever. Yet,
sir, I feci myself appealed to by other consider-
ations, which, while they do not affect me person-
ally, the promptings of my heart will not permit
me to disregard.
If our assent to the resolution involved a new
principle;* if, by its passage, we were to commit
ourselves to a pohey which, in form or effect, is
without any precedent, or violative of the letter
or spirit of that Constitution which declares that
il no title of nobility shall be granted," I, too,
; would take my stand with those who oppose its
[adoption. Cut, in my opinion, there is no con-
, ceivable objection to this particular resolution,
i which does not apply to every former act of the
i Government having for its design an acknowl-
! edgment of that high sense of gratitude which
j has always been considered os due to those who
i have rendered important services to the country,
i You have often awarded to the meritorious and
' the brave, medals and other tokens of regard,
i which a pioud soldier estimates next only to his
i life or his ,<;oud mime, but never except to those
1 who had "first exhibited that true courage and
j moderation which alone can give luster to the pro-
1 fession of arms.
i To your victorious chieftains have you voted
' those good swords which are awarded only to
: honor and bravery, but never until their own had
first flashed in the light of victory on many a
renowned and successful battle-field; and but re-
cently, when your nun its were performing prodi-
gies of valor, and achieving, in the very heart ot
an enemy's country, that series of brilliant victo-
ries which at once startled and astonished the
world, you did not permit the cornier who brought
to follow. It made plain and familiar a some-
what obsolete page in the book American
diplomacy; it awakened a slumbering world to a
new reading of the laws of nations; and it demon-
suated the great fact that the American people
would announce in the very heart of Europe, and
at the doors of despotism and power, the popular
truths of our Government, which have ever been
fostered and cherished by our people.
What was the effect of the liberation of Koszta
here? And what was the response which went
up from the people? What was done by the Ex-
j ecutive Department? And how have you shown
your appreciation of it? Why, sir, the people,
without a conference, rendered a verdict of hearty,
prompt, and enthusiastic approval. Your Presi-
dent, after careful advisement and deliberation,
instiucted his Secretary to say, that he fully in-
dorsed and approved the conduct of the officer;
and that Secretary, fully aroused to the import-
ance of the subject, immediately gave it an elabo-
ration commensurate with his greatabilities,which,
if it did not fully satisfy every one of the entire
correctness of his arguments, caused a very gen-
eral acquiescence in the great conclusion to which
he arrived.
But, sir, what did you do ? I mean, what was
done by the House of Representatives? Were
we content to rest the matter where the Execu-
tive, the Secretary of State, and the opinion of the
public had placed it ? No, sir; you, too, must seek
i an occasion for testifying your admiration of the
i achievement, and of that lofty patriotism and love
of fame which led to its consummation.
We must not forget, sir, that on the very day that
the President's message and accompanying docu-
ments were submitted to the House, and before
any member could have had time to examine the
world, vou did not permit the cornier who brought [i any member couia nave nau time 10 examine me
vou the "lad tidings to return, without instructing i' celebrated letter of Mr. K«.arcy to Chevalier Hulse-
r-   ti.atr i« ^loooi-umi ! tTinvin.   mpmber from New^ork rose in his
him to say to your armies, that they " deserved
well of the country."
Events of a still more recent occurrence may be
pointed to with confidence, as a justification for
the unanimous adoption of the resolution, it has
been but a few brief months since might have
been seen at anchor in the Hay of Smyrna the
sloop-of-war St. Lovis. At the same time might
have been observed, on board that sloop, an un-
obtrusive and intelligent, a chivalrous and humane
officer, who up to that hour had been a stranger
to all distinction, and wholly unknown to fame.
No doubt, sir, he had often sighed for an oppor-
tunity to win in his department of seivice, by the
exercise of that, daring and coinage which " stirred
withm him,"some of that renown,securing which,
in other days, Ileal covered our infant Navy with
impeachable ghny.
■ When, r.i the recent war with Mexico, our land
! forces were creating heroes, heralding victories,
and partitioning an empire, he was compelled to
repose in inglorious ease, and endure all that
" heart-sick faintness of the hope delayed" which
falls so like a blight oil the heart of the aspiring
and the young. More than this, he saw from
afar the "extinguishment of the flame of war; he
beheld the triumphal return of those who had won
mann, a member from New \ ork rose in his
place, and offered a series ot resolutions, having
for their express object the compliment of a sword
and the thanks of Congress to Duncan JV. Ingra-
ham, for his gallantry and good conduct in the re-
lease of Martin Koszta. What more was done >
Its immediate adoption would have prevented'an
occasion for the exhibition of all that learning
and patriotism which the subsequent discussion of
the subject so properly elicited. Though no ob-
jection was offered, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, who very promptly
lesponded, and reported a substitute which em-
bodied the thanks of Congress, and the marked
compliment of a medal, to be prepared and pre-
sented under the supervision of the President.
Up to this time no objection had been made;
yet, sir, members could not permit the favorable
opportunity which the subject presented to pass
unimproved. I listened with great inteiest and
attention to much that was said; and I know not
now which most to admire, the impulses which
prompted members to speak, or the learning they
respectively displayed. Those who took a part
ill that most interesting debate, showed that they
had trod to advantage "the gladsome paths of
Jurisprudence," and their arguments would have
•' l. ._-i .. .1. + i\iu M.-isairr nrer.nict.S
grateful millions who came to welcome the con
quero.-s home, and saw other names enrolled m
the book of fame beside the few " which weie not
born to die." But /'is name was not there, ihel;
fields had all been won, and the eia^ tor the per- |,
formal e of great deeds had passed by. j
Suddenly, however, an emergency arose which r
enabled him to connect his own name vvitl^hiS]
couiitiy's fame. A political refugee from Hun- [
gaiy, who had sought and found lm« that poll';- ;
cat liberty which had been deaied him abrn; u. |
and who "by has deelvntinu of intention to necome >
aciti'e.i had thrown hiuiRelfupf.il our protection,
was forcibly seized and n.Huisoned by the tools
and 'nimons of Austran despotism.
You and the woilJ are iam.har with the coinage
ai'd intrepidity; the piomptness mid judgment
which were exhibited by the officer m command.
a courage and resolution which biouuht ilaitiu
Koszta hack in tnumi-h to your shore*, while it
extol ted from the court's and counsellors ot Europe
' ■ that vesncct and admuation which all men pay to
true greatness and tiue i mirage.
Bin, sir, this achievement nul not siop here.
Its entire importance del not mmoa in tne_ nieie
liberation of the tnslaved; this was but tne oegm-
of Westminster Hall. It was a noble offering of
patriotism most disinterested, and learning most
profound. r.
* The honorable and gallant gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (I mean, of course, the chairman of the
Committee on Foieign Affaiis,) who was all the
time at the head of the column, gave so many in-
dications of his comprehensive judgment, his ap-
preciation of national fame, and total disregard
of self, that 1 confidently hope to find him rallying
to the aid of those who propose this last compli-
ment to one of the most distinguished sons ot his
native State. , . * ■ ,,
I have felt myself justified m making this allu-
sion to the case of Captain Ingrahsm, because 1
re"iu d the principle of the two propositions as
identical. The difference consists alone m the
number and weight of the reasons which may be
ur ed in behalf of the respective measures. The
one id a well-merited tribute to Ine rising hopes
and prospects of early manhood; the otherto that
' old  Ve which, like the ancient oak, is stillueady
amid the elements. .
It has been urged, and it will he so again, as an
1 obce-!ion to the resolution, iha; it is    
personal compliment to General Scott; that it is
* • i  1
liberation of the tnsUvtd; this was but the oegin- , persona - f • - chara„ter. amt that so
ning of great p«bhe results, which weie speeduy specia. a.iu
