964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
were in order from the Committee on the Post
OfHce and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, from said committee,
reported adversely upon the petition and papers
of Wade Allen; which report was ordered to lie
upon the table, and be printed.
MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from the same committee,
reported a hill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows:
A bill to provide for a weekly mail service
between the Atlantic States and San Francisco.
Mr. McDOUGALL. On a previous day a bill
was reported providing for that service. The pro-
visions of that bill did not altogether meet with
my approbation, and I have endeavored to bring;
before the House now a bill which will obviate all
the objections made to the former bill.
The bill was then read In exlenst.
It provides that the Postmaster General shall
contract with the lowest bidder, after the usual
advertisement, for the transportation of the mails
of the United States from New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, and New Orleans, to San Fran-
cisco, and from San Francisco to those places, by
the most expeditious and practicable route, the
service to be performed semi-monthly, at such
timea, under the direction of the Postmastei Gen-
eral, as, in connection with the existing mail ser-
vice, shall secure weekly mail service each way,
provided the cost shall not exceed §.*280,000 per
annum; that no contract nhall be made for more
than four years, &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was understood by
the discussion had upon a former day that there
was no objection to this service, and that the busi-
ness interests of the country demanded a weekly
mail service. This bill haw been prepared with
as much ca-.e as we could &,ive to the measure,
and 1 believe meets ihe views expressed by the
House in reference to it. For the purpose of
having the measure fairly before the House, I de-
sire to have the consideration of the hill postponed
until the first Monday in June, and I submit that
motion.
The question was put: and the motion agreed
io.
Mr. tJPHAM, mmi the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pasa, Senate bill No. '209, entitled "An act for
the relief of Lr.i Day, of Vermont;" which was
itimed to tlie Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
JAMES JKFFMES AND JKREMIAII SMITH.
Mr EWING. I wish to move to reconsider
a vote whn h w.ik taken a few minutes ago, by
which a bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. It is a private bill
which passed the Senate during the last Congress,
and was only Um in this House for want of time.
It is a bill wlueh has been under nursing: very
carefully for the last two Congresses, and I fear it
will meet no better fate now than heretofore if it
be left to the destiny fixed for it by the reference,
It is a bill for the relief of James J eftries and Jere-
miah Smith i move to leconsiuer the vote by
which it wa,-, rc-iVired to the Committee on the
Po;n Office and Po*it Roadrf, with a view of moving
to put it upon its passage.
Mr. COB]]. ! would surest to the gentleman
that the motion go over until after the morning
hour has been consumed in the call of committees
tor reports.
Mr. EWifsG. ( should have no objection, if
it was the unammou.seon^cntof the House thatit
should come up then. I will state to the House
that I have been unable to attend its sessions for
worne tune pus-,?, us consequence of indisposition,
and that pressing busineft.j will rail me home as
•toon as the state of my health will permit it.
Mr. COBB The gentleman can call up the
motion to reconsider at any time.
Mr. EWl.NG. \ prefei to have it considered |
now. 1 am not able to be m the House longer '
uian is absolutely necessary. '
Mr. LEI CHER. I ask that the bill may be
jt-ad.
The bill icad through by the Clerk*
It authorizes the Postmaster General to release 1
James Jeffrie* and J>remiah Smith from the pen- i
a.lty incurred in coiveqiie/io- <-f a failurf on their
part to carry the mail on certain routes, accord-
ing to the bids made by them, and accepted by
the Post Office Department, and also refunding
to them the fines consequent upon the failure.
Mr. EWING. I will say a single word in ex-
planation of this bill, if I can make my voice suf-
ciently audible. These petitioners are poor men.
They entered into a contract to carry the mail upon
a route in Texas; and by positive and conclusive
proof, as is shown by the papers accompanying
the bill, the route was twice as long as advertised
by the Department. The report made by Mr.
Rusk, the chairman of the Post Office Committee
in the Senate, shows clearly that the claim ought
to be allowed. It has passed the Senate twice,
but has been lost in the House in each instance,
in consequence of want of time. I shall not be in
the House again for sometime, as I am only wait-
ing until I am well enough to enable me to travel
home. 1 would regard it as a special favor if the
bill be taken up and passed.
Mr. GREY. I would ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether I understand him to say, that
the routes were much longer than the length ad-
vertised by the Postmaster General?
Mr. EWING. They were nearly twice as
long as the length advertised, as the gentleman
will find by referring to the proof in the case.
Mr. GREY. They were advertised to be relet,
and there was a mistake in the statement of the
length of the routes. They were double the
length, as stated in the advertisement of the Post-
master General. Hence the mistake, and the
injury under these contracts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule on thai
subject at the Department is to state the length of
the route, according to the best information they
have; and if they advertise a route to be fifty miles
in length when it is one hundred miles, it is the
business of the bidder to understand the country
and the expense of carrying tlie mail. He must
inform himself as to the real distance; and if the
person is acquainted with the country for thetrans-
portation of the mail over which he has bid, he
will know whether the statement in the advertise-
ment be correct or not. If it is not, he ought not
to bid for carrying the mail on a route the length
of which he knows himself to be much greater
than that stated by the Department. I suppose
in this case that the gentlemen were not residents
of that country, and knew nothing about the length
of the route, or about the points from the one to
the other of which this mail was to be transported,
and consequently they were deceived themselves,
and not through any fault of the Department.
Mr. EWING. I know nothing of what has
induced the gentleman from Tennessee, who has
paid no attention to this particular case, to raise
a discussion on it, when i am utterly unable to
engage in it. I had no idea that he would do so.
I can only refer the gentleman to the report.
Nether the Depiirtment nor the bidders were
exactly informed of the length of the route. It
was through a new country. The proof is clear
and conclusive, and if the gentleman had exam-
ined it he could find no objection whatever to the
claim. The claim would have passed long since
but for the delay which attends all just private
claims in this House. I cannot explain further.
I hope that the House will take the bill up and
put it on its passage. I call for the previous
question.
The call for the previous question was seconded;
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on reconsidering
the vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now open to
amendment, or to be ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr. EWING. I now move that the bill be put
on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. If there be a report accom-
panying the bill, I would be glad if the Clerk
would read it.
The SPEAKER. According to the memoran-
dum on the bill the report is in the hands of the
printer.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the House is not able
to act on it.
Mr. EWING. I state the facts nn folly as I
am able, on my own responsibility, f merely
appeal to the House, because f have watched this
bill day after day during the last session of Con-
gress as well as this. It is impossible for .me now
to give that attention which I would like to, and I
hope that no unnecessary objection will be made
to it. I state the facts on my own responsibility,
1 would say in answer to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. The case is clear, and the report conclusive.
The proof is as satisfactory as it could be in any
claim. The route was through a new country,
and no bidders could be apprised of the exact length
of it. The bill has passed this House before; 1
have watched it many a long day here. I now
throw myself on the known courtesy of the House
m this case. I ask nothing but what is just, and I
so state on my own responsibility.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no one here whom
I would more willingly accommodate than the
gentleman from Kentucky; but it seems to me
that there is something in this bill which involves v
more than a mere spirit of accommodation. Now,
sir, take the converse of the proposition. The
gentleman states that this line proved to be twice
as long fi« was advertised; and that, in conse-
quence of that fact, the parties come here now
and ask relief. Suppose the line had been only
half as long as advertised, what then would have
been the action of the contractors in regard to it'
Would they have come then and asked relief, or
would they have come here and proposed to
refund a part of the moneys they were to receive
by virtue of that contract?
Now, it seems to me, that there is something in
this matter, that there in at least a principleat the
bottom of it, and that pi inciple may be one of very
serious consequence. I would as willingly defei
to the wishes of the gentleman from Kentucky as
of any other member of the House; but when a
matter of principle is involved, f think it my duty
to adhere to that principle.
| Mr. EWING. I call for the previous ques-
!, tion.
j' The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
|j the previous question is sustained, the first ques-
11 tion will be upon the motion to commit the bill to
L the Committee on the Post Office and Post. Roads.
j; If that motion shall be voted down, the bill will
then be open to amendment, or will be put upon
J | its third reading.
| Mr. GREY. I desire to ^ay a word upon th«r
! subject.
'3 he SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; s
demand for the previous question is pending.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire if
' the bill has been read?
: The SPEAKER. It lias been read.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have every disposition to
accommodate the gentleman from Kentucky; but
I did not hear a word he said; and I do not yet
know what the bill is. I ask that it may be read ?
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the bill
will again be read.
Mr. WARREN. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then let a vote of the
! House determine whether the bill shall be read.
Mr. LETCHER. It is very short,and I hope
no gentleman will object to its being read.
Mr. EDGERTOIN. I move that the House
' resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
, Private Calendar.
The question was put; and the motion wsj*
disagreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDaY.
Mr. HtESTER. £ rise to a privileged motion.
, I move that when the House adjourns, ii adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, 1 ask for the yea*
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—only four-
teen members rising.
Mr. JONES. I hope the demand for the yeyp
and nays will be entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. It is not customary.
Mr. JONES. When it is not entered on the
Journal, it looks as if we did this thing unani-
mously.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have if
in his power to move to amend the Journal.
Mr. JONES. Yes, but it would save time to
have it entered now,
The SPEAKER.. Perhaps that would be the
case if the Chair would place upon the Journal
that which has never gone there since the founda-
tion of list; Government Bur if the prvthe j*
