254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
Boon as the President has once confirmed the rank
of lieutenant general by brevet, the resolution
expires by its own limitation, and becomes for-
ever thereafter wholly inoperative and void.
This, I admit, is so; and it is for this very reason
that the resolution is designed as a personal com-
pliment to General Scott, and that the compliment
is as distinguished as it is merited, that 1 am in
favor of it. If the resolution were general in its
nature, and designed to create a permanent grade,
I should feel very little concern about it.
I know that the President may, by the terms of
the resolution, confer the rank of lieutenant gen-
eral by brevet on either of the major generals
who participated in the war with Mexico; but I
am very confident that the President will so use
the power we thus«propose to give him as to do
no violence to his own personal wishes, or the
general public sentiment of the country. I am
willing, most unhesitatingly, to trust him to make
the discrimination. I have good reasons for be-
lieving, and I do believe, that the President has
never signed any commission with more real sat-
isfaction than he will derive from commissioning
General Scott a lieutenant general by brevet.
Sir, it would be an interesting spectacle, and
especially so, no doubt, to the political friends of
the President, to behold him, in obedience to the
will of Congress, the general desire of the Army
and the people, and his own wishes, conferring
this well-deserved honor on a gallant soldier,
whose youth, manhood, and old age have all been
so freely given to the whole country—one who, for
nearly half a century, has borne your banner so
wisely, so bravely, and so triumphantly. It will
be more than creditable to the Representatives of
the people, and a proper commentary upon our
free institutions.
I Would refer you, sir, to the last presidential
election, not for the purpose of complaining of the
result, or of criticising the causes which produced
it. I allude to it, not only because it has a proper
connection with the subject, but for the reason
that the result is itself an argument against many
of the objections which have been interposed
against the adoption of the resolution.
I will admit, sir, that the candidate of the Dem-
ocratic party was all that his most ardent friends
claimed him to be—a gentleman of learning and
accomplishments—a politician of experience ttnd
ability; but he did not possess that popular repu-
tation which might have previously designated
him as the most probable candidate of his party.
His reputation, up to that time, was much less
national than some of his older and more distin-
guished rivals for the nomination.
At the head of the Whig column stood Win-
field Scott, better known to the American people
than any living man of the age; one whose con-
nection with the military operations of the country
since 1812 was such as to make his name (if fame
alone could do so much) at once a tower of
strength and an augury of success. With some,
sir, it had become a fixed opinion, that the verdict
of the people would always be, in favor of those
distinguished military heroes who, like General
Scott, could unite the gentle qualities of the good
with that renown and fame which has so many
charms and fascinations, alike for the young and
the old.
In the embittered contest which followed, mem-
bers of your own party, sir, vied with each other
in studied and impassioned eulogies upon the
public services of the Whig candidate for the
Presidency; and in their public discourses urged
no objection whatever to his election, other than
that it would be a triumph of Whig principles,
and a defeat of their own. The result showed a
Victory of the junior over the older officer. The
victor of many a hard struggle for his country,
found himself vanquished in this last great contest
for himself. You, sir, claimed the result to be a
triumph of principle—a claim which it is not now
necessary for me to admit or deny—but it was
further alleged to be most complimentary to the
intelligence of American people, and a proof of
their devotion to certain political measures, as
they had rejected the greatest living soldier of the
age, and conferred on a junior officer the highest
civil honor in the.world.
Then, if this be so, and as the resolution is in-
operative, so soon as the rank of lieutenant gen-
eral by brevet has been once conferred, where can
be the danger or impropriety, as the resolution can
never be revived until the people, through their
Representatives, shall desire it? They may never,
perhaps, desire it; never, certainly, until worth
and valor, sanctified by age, shall all combine to
make the demand.
Again: it has been repeatedly urged that to em-
power the President to confer the rank of lieu-
tenant general by brevet is violative of "that part
of the Constitution which declares that " no title
of nobility shall be granted." This objection I
should not regard as worthy of an answer did I
not know that it is relied on by those whose judg-
ment and integrity of purpose I am bound to re-
spect. I cannot think, however, that they have
examined the question otherwise than very super-
ficially. What, sir, is a title of nobility? We
who have been reared under a free Government,
and cultivated all the prejudices so natural to those
who despise distinctions founded on anything but
real merit, are compelled to look abroad for ex-
amples to illustrate properly its meaning. We
have never recognized any nobility, save that
which is "of nature's own creating." In this
country, " virtue alone is true nobility" It ever
has been so, and I trust it ever will.
We are strangers to that nobility which, in all
ages, has blended itself with " the divine right
of kings," and which has been regarded as a ne-
cessary appendage to royalty—I mean that falsely-
called nobility which rests on conventional dis-
tinctions in society, and which confers privileges
without at the same time imposing corresponding
responsibilities or duties. This was the kind of
nobility which the authors of our Constitution so
wisely resolved to root out and destroy. They
were familiar with its existence and its evils, and
prescribed the remedy. The " nobility" men-
tioned in the Constitution was, at the time of the
adoption of the latter, in full operation m Great
Britain, where its crushing evils were so very pal-
pable as to make our ancestors desire to avoid it
forever. The people of England, during our co-
lonial dependence, recognized the title of dnke,
which was next only to the rank of prince. There
was also the title of marquis, next below the rank
of duke; the title of earl, next to that of marquis;
viscount, next below an earl; and baron, next be-
low a viscount.
It is very difficult at this time to ascertain all
the ancient prerogatives of the various titles I have
mentioned. They were all, however, derivable
from the Crown, and none of them, either directly
or indirectly, from the people. They were special
marks of royal favor—were mostly hereditary and
sometimes confined to particular localities. Test-
ing this resolution, then, by any one of these require-
ments, the objection that it creates a " title of no-
bility" will appear quite absurd. The resolution
simply restores an office which was abolished by
Congress in 1799. This is proposed to be done
by the ordinary course of legislation, and certainly
Congress may create the office of lieutenant general
as readily as that of Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, orcollector of customs. The resolution
does not permit the President to confer the rank
of lieutenant general without the consent of the
Senate. The President, certainly, may nominate
a lieutenant general as readily as a collector for
the port of New York. Should General Scott be
nominated by the President, he will hav£ to pass
the same ordeal as the distinguished successor of
Mr. Bronson; yet it has never been alleged, among
the many things which have been said of Mr.
Redfield, that his commission had made him
either a "very hard " or a " titled nobleman."
The grade of lieutenant general is no recent in-
vention. It has been recognized in military or-
ganizations for more than a century; it was a part
of our military system during our revolutionary
struggle for independence. The old Continental
Congress, on the 15th of November, 1776, adopted
the following resolution:
"Tliat the rank of naval officers be to the rank of offi-
cers in the land service, as follows : Admiral as <i general,
vice admiral as a lieutenant general, rear admiral as major
general, commodoie as a brigadier general," &c., &c.
Thus recognizing the grade of lieutenant gen-
eral as then already existing, and as a part of our
military system. The President is, by the Con-
stitution, " commander in chief of the Army and
Navy;" yet the grades of major and brigadier gen-
eral are still preserved, as would also have been
that of lieutenant general, but for the act of March
3,1799, by which it was abolished. That act pro-
vided:
" That a commander of the Army ofthe Hnited States be
appointed and commissioned by the style of general of the
armies of the United States, and the present office and title
of lieutenant general shall thereafter be abolished."
It also proves that the grade was not destroyed
by the previous adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution. It may be said of this act of Congress,
that it was cotemporaneous with the Constitu-
tion. The wisdom which formed the one enacted
the other; yet it remains for this generation to
make the discovery that the Congress of 1799 was
legislating to abolish a military office which, ac-
cording to the present interpretation of the Con-
stitution by those who oppose this resolution,
never, in fact, could have existed.
If, sir, it be true that civil government is, at
best, but a necessary evil, resulting from the fall
of man and the introduction of sin into the world,
it is just as certain that armies are necessary evils,
consequent upon the establishment and preserva-
tion of that Government. The manifest necessity
of armies and army organization being admitted,
it cannot be necessary to go into an argument to
prove the propriety of superiority and inferiority
of grade, to secure proper discipline and efficiency.
A standing army here or elsewhere is but little
less than a despotism. Its existence can be main-
tained only upon the principles of subordination
to rank, and obedience to those whose powers de-
pend upon grade. Importance must be attached
to each, and neither should be weakened, even by *
indirection.
In addition to all this, there is nothing so well
calculated to promote and encourage that effi-
ciency, which has thus far characterized our Army;
as the hope of that preferment, which would not
exist but for the various grades, by which the
humblest soldier in the ranks may ultimately be
enabled, by merit and perseverance, to reach far
beyond the command of a regiment.
No one seems to have been more impressed
with this fact, or to have urged it with more zeal
than the present Secretary of War, who, in his
recent report to the President, uses this language:
" Patriotism, or a tense of duty, will not, in time of peace,
fill the rank* of an army ; nor will pay alone be sufficient
to develop all the elements of efficiency. The hope of ad-\^
vancement is the foundation of professional zeal and sue-
cess, and this incentive should exist in the Army as well
as in civil life."
T]hen, sir, if this title wer enew, if it were wholly
unknown to our military organization, as it is -
below that of the commander in chief, and subor-
dinate thereto, I would be willing to favor it, as
furnishing an additional incentive to those in
subordinate positions to seek that promotion
which depends on merit alone.
To those who so recently honored themselves in
doing honor to Captain Ingraham I would, before
I conclude, make a confident appeal. You have
shown that you know how to value that national
pride which is but an aggregate of that patriotism
which is diffused so generally among the people.
It is nowhere to be found except in those countries
where the people love their Government for its
blessings, or can point to the annals of the past
for those great deeds and great achievements which
history loves to record, and which genius so often
embodies in song.
Thai national pride is worth more in preserving
constitutional liberty than ten thousand " towers
along the steep." If properly fostered and encour-
aged, it will achieve more than, without it, your
armies and navies ever can achieve. Without this
national pride-, your fleets and armaments will but
destroy that, freedom they were created to pre-
serve. It has already given you historians to
record your great achievements. It has aroused
the children of sensibility and of song. It has
caused genius to impart more than the imperish-
ability of marble to the great men, and great
achievements of those who have gone before us,
and is now erecting on the banks of your own
Potomac, and in sight of the National Capitol, the
loftiest monument which gratitude has ever raised
to commemorate the virtues of mankind.
The aged minstrel who had lived until bigotry
had "named his harmless art a crime,'' when he
found himself a voluntary exile in a foreign land,
even in extremity of ill, could point ° with all a
poet's ecstacy" to the past achievements of his
kindred. He could still sing—
