1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
of '98 coming from Virginia; and when 1 come
into this House sustained by the authority of Vir-
ginia, I think I have good authority Cn my side.
1 have no complaint to make of Virginia with re-
gard to the Wheeling bridge bill. I thought the
act was right. •£ have only referred to this to
show that I have the authority of Virginia, the
mother of the resolutions of '98, to show that this
memorial, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, contains such matter that
even Virginia, under the resolutions of '98, cannot
t>bject to that committee's acting on that portion
of the memorial relative to the establishment of a
post route.
Mr. MILLSON. I have not said a word yet
in reference to the propriety of the reference of the
memorial. I simply inquired whether any docu-
ments and papers were referred.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio if he under-
stands that in the resolutions of 1798, there is a
distinction made between structures m the air and
those upon solid ground.
Mr. OLDS. I thought I was acting under the
resolutions of '98 when 1 reported a bill to legalize
the Wheeling bridge. That is a structure in the
air. Is the gentleman answered? Now,oneword
with reference to the question propounded by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.] lean-
not see the pertinency of that question. Was the
Post Office Committee to refuse to act on the peti-
tion, because there were no papers accompanying
it?
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. The question I desire toask the
gentleman from Ohio is this: whether it is not the
custom of the Committee on the Post Office anil
Post Roads to entertain petitions referred to them
even with but one mime subscribed, praying for
the establishment of post routes throughout the
co uri try ?
Mr. OLDS. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question for information; will
he permit me to do so ?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I understand thegentleman from
Ohio to take the ground that this memorial, or the
subject-matter of it, is a pertinent subject for in-
quiry by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, for the reason that it proposes to de-
clare these roads post routes, and hence it becomes
an appropriate matter for the inquiry of that com-
mittee. Now, i wish to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to the fact which he surely must be
familiar with, that there is already a law ill exist-
ence which declares " that all railroads and parts
of railroads which are now or hereatter may be in
operation, be, and the same are hereby, declared 10
be post roads." 1 believe the gentleman himself
reported the law.
M r. OLDS. Yes, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio was well aware of all these facts. But
that does not come to the point at all. The point
is whether that memorial contains matter appropri-
ately belonging to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. Now, what do the signers of this
memorial pray for? They pray for the establish-
ment of a post route. Now, what is the duty of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads?
It is the duty of that committee to see whether a
post route already exists over that very road. If
a post route does already exist there, it is thedtity
of the committee to report the memorial back.
But is it a reason why the matter should be re-
ferred to the committee on Public Lands, because
a post route already exists over the same road?
Not at all. The question is this, it is a naked,
simple question: Does that memorial contain mat-
ter relative to the mail service of the United States,
and to the post roads of the United States? if it
does, then its appropriate reference, or at least the
reference of so much of it as relates to this service
and these roads, is the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. It is for that committee
to act upon it; it is for that committee to report
uprn it; and when it shall apnear by the report
made that the committee has gone outside of "t.
legitimate duty, then it will be quite time enough
to check them er to pass censure upon them.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. DICKINSON. Is there any post route
now over the road referred to in the memorial <
Mr. OLDS. I am glad the gentleman from
Massachusetts has propounded this question; for
the fact of his asking information on that point,
shows the propriety of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads acting upon this very me-
morial. The gentleman admits, by the question,
that he does not know whether there is a mail route
there or not. And how is he to know that fact ?
is he to go and investigate the matter for himself?
No, sir. When a question of this kind comes
before the House of Representatives, they refer it
to its appropriate committee, and it is for that
committee to report on it. Thisisoneof thefacts
which the committee should look into and report
upon to the House. The signers of this memorial
pray for the establishmentof a mail route between
the points designated. Now, is it not the busi-
ness of the committee to see whether there is a
mail route there now, and report the fact to the
House? The gentleman's question shows the
propriety of such action in the matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio yield me the floor for one mo-
ment?
Mr. OLDS. For what purpose?
Mr. JONES. I merely wishtoaskhima ques-
tion.
Mr. OLDS. Very well.
Mr. JONES. Has not the gentleman reported
a bill this morning for the establishment of post
routes, or for the reestablishment of post routes
throughout the country?
Mr. OLDS. I have not reported it yet.
Mr. JONES. Well, has not the gentleman
asked to report it?
Mr. OLDS. There is such a bill lying on my
desk.
Mr. JONES. Well, I ask the gentleman
whether he does not provide in that bill for the
establishment of post routes between the points
specified in this memorial?
Mr. OLDS. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. Perhaps not directly from one
point in Illinois to one point in Iowa, as desig-
nated in the memorial; but does not the gentleman
propose to establish mail routes through all that
country, which will connect these points?
Mr. OLDS. Most undoubtedly, the bill pro-
poses the establishment of mail routes which will
connect with the route specified m the memorial,
if that route be established. Perhaps it may even
provide for a mail route right over this very road.
The committee has not looked into the matter yet;
it is a matter for them to look into hereafter.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. 1 want the gentleman to answer
the question I put to him, and that is, whether he
knows that there is a road now upon this very
route? and if there is any road, what kind of a
road it is ?
Mr. OLDS. That very question shows the
propriety of this mattergoing before the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, in order that
they may make themselves more familiar with
this very question.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish the gentleman
would answer my question, and not evade it in
this way. 1 want him to answer my question.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman might ask me if
there was a route to the moon, but I could not
answer him without going to the Post Office Com-
mittee room and consulting the post route book.
Mr. DICKINSON. Well, if the gentleman
; cannot answer such a question as that, he is not
! lit to be at the head of the committee, and he ought
| to resign and allow some one to be appointed in
his place, who can answer suc|i a question.
! Mr. OLDS. If the gentlentan will, under the
J rules of the House, refer to the Committee on the
i Post Office'tand Post Roads a memorial, asking for
j tne establishment of a post route from here to the
| moon, the petition will receive the respectful con-
'! sideration of\yft committee, and they will make
a report uponW to the House. [Laughter.] It
would be a matter for that committee to inquire
| into.
! Mr. BRIDGES. I desire toask the gentleman
from Onto if it was not the intention of the signers
i of that petition to obtain a grant of land for rail-
road purposes, under the pretense of getting a
grant of land to establish a post route ?
Mr. OLDS. I do not know that we, as a com-
mittee, have any right to speak or judge of the in-
tention of the petitioners. This House can judge
of the intention as well as we can, and k will be
time enough for this House to pass its judgment
upon that matter when it shall receive the action of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
upon the memorial which has been referred to it.
Mr. BRIDGES. My question is, whether the
gentleman thinks that that is the object of t'he
petition? Will he answer my question?
Mr. OLDS. Will the Clerk do me the favor to
read this memorial again, for the benefit of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRIDGES. I have heard the memorial, *
and do not want to hear it again. I want the gen-
tleman to answer my question whether, in his
judgment, that is not the object of the petition?
Mr. OLDS. I know very well what belongs to
parliamentary usage and propriety, and when the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads shall
make a report upon the memorial which has been
referred to them, in reference to the intention of
the memorialists, it will be soon enough to consider
that matter. At any rate, the chairman of that
committee has no right to give any construction
to that memorial,.until he ascertains the views of
the committee itself.
Mr. BRIDGES. Does the gentleman decline
to answer the question which I have pnt to him ?
Mr. OLDS. I never decline to answer a ques-
tion; but when the gentleman asks me to declare
my opinion in relation to the intention of persons
who petition this body, I am not authorized to
say what their intention may be.
Mr. BRIDGES. I ask only forthegentleman's
own construction of their intention.
Mr. OLDS. The direct language of the memo-
rial is, that they may have a grant of land.
Mr. BRIDGES. That is not a direct answer.
I want to know whatthegentleman's construction
is of the intention of the memorialists in regard to
the point which I have indicated?
Mr. OLDS. I am not a fool; I know what
they mean.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania puts a very pertinent question
to the gentleman from Ohio, and one which, per-
haps, he is not so well able to answer as I am,
and I will answer the question most cheerfully.
I state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and to this House, that I myself drew up two of
the memorials which have been referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
felt it my duty to do so, as a representative of the
State of Louisiana. I not only drew them up,
but put my name to them; and I proclaim that I
did it honestly, and I apprehend that no man will
question the integrity of my motives.
And not only that, the Senators from-the State
of Louisiana, feeling as deep an interest in this
matter as 1 did, in order to secure the establish-
ment of these roads in the State of Louisiana,
put their names to them—at least one of them did
to one, and the other did to both of them. 1 did it
without any hesitation, without supposing that I
was practicing any cheat upon the House or the
country. Why, how can the House or the coun-
try be cheated by the course that has been pur-
sued ? I say' to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and to the House, that I pursued this course be-
cause I knew the Committee on Public Lands
could not report these bills, and I believed the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
could. It is forthe House to determine whether
they can so report or not. It is for the House to
determine whether the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads may have jurisdiction over
this matter or not.
What matters it to the House whether it comes
from the Committee on Public Lands or from the
| Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads?
| So long as a bill comes regularly before the House,
; what matter is it whether one committee or another
j report it? How is the House cheated because one
, committee assumes jurisdiction over a matter
j which has also been referred to another commit-
\ tee? So far as I am concerned, I speak frankly,
i and say that 1 pursued the course which 1 did be-
j cause I did not believe the Committee on Public
; Lands could report upon the matter during the
I present'session, and because I did believe the
