1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
" Of good Eai) Francis, dead and gone,
And of Earl Walter, rest him God !
**•>••«****
And how full many a tale he knew
Ot the old warriors of Bucclench."
And though his own, his native land, gave him
no greeting but oppression, and no shelter but the
elements, yet, sir, the remembrance of what that
country had been, could arouse burning maledic-
tions for those who dared deride the land of his
sires.
The' long line of great men who arrested the
•world's gaze, amid the throes and convulsions of
our revolutionary struggle, have all, all, long since
passed to
" The dcepj damp vault, the darfeness, and the worm."
Yet, sir, their places were well filled by the heroes
and the statesmen who shared the perils of the
ensuing war; but, alas! they too have mostly
yielded to that destroyer which is the common
leveler of all distinctions. Within a few years
you have mourned a Jackson, an Adams, a Har-
rison, a Calhoun, a Taylor, a Webster, and a
Clay. Your columns are now shrouded in the
solemn drapery of woe for the lamented King,
whose virtues you have so recently essayed to
commemorate. The illustrious Senator from
Michigan still lives. The able and venerable
representative from Missouri is with us, combin-
ing the energies of youth with the wisdom of age.
Your Commanding General yet lives, ready in
his old age to wield that good sword which has
so often leaped from its scabbard at the call of
patriotism and of duty. The two former, who
have so long worn the honors of high civil trust,
are among those who desire this last mark of
respect to that soldier of the nation, whose peril-
ous and faithful services they have observed
through almost half a century. I readily take
my stand with them, i yield to none in my ad-
miration for Captain Ingraham, yet I would not
accord all the honors to the rising and none to
the setting sun.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, and allow the committee to
act upon the pending resolutions in reference to
the distribution of the President's message.
Mr. WARREN. I withdraw the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolutions will be
reported to the House.
The first resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United Slates to the two House? ol Con-
gress at the present session as 1 elates to foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying coue&pondence m relation
thereto; to the claim of the subjects c f Spain for lo^ea m
the ca^e of the schooner Amist'ud; marking the boundary
between the United States and the British possessions m
the Northwest, as designated 111 the convention ot the loth
of June, 1846, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
amendment to this resolution, moved by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
The amendment, to come in after the figures
<c 1846," was read, as follows :
And so much as refers to the Guano trade."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. In conformity to
an undestanding with the chairman of the Com- |
mittee on Ways and Means I do not wish to press j
that amendment, and I withdraw it. If the subject '
is one proper for legislation it goes there as a mat- j
ter of course.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to leave the j
resolution as it stands. Without compromiting ,
any other committee by an opinion of my own, I |
take it for granted that the resolution just read j
canies with it everything which legitimately be- j
lonirs to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. This ■'
subject is now undergoing investigation between i
the two Governments, and therefore I think it j
ought not to be referred by express resolution. j
Mr. BAYLY. I do not acquiesce m the criti- i
cism of the gentleman at all, that because it is a 1
subject under negotiation therefore it should go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs; but I with-
draw the amendment.
The second resolution was then read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That so much of said message ami nccora-
pnti) ins; papers ielr\ffs to the existing tanir. and itvom-
itKMids a i pvi^ion and charge of its provisions ; =o much as
relates to the condition of the Trea>ury, the finance* of th  
Government, to the public debt and its payment, the esti-
mates of receipts and expenditures for the ensuing fiscal
year, be referred to the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolutions
have been read through twice in committee; and
as I suppose there are no amendments to be offered
to any of them, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I prefer that they should
be read through, because if they are not, gentlemen
will not give that plose attention which should be
given to the subjects embraced in these resolutions,
it is a matter of some importance that they should
be read; and perhaps some gentlemen here may
desire to offer amendments.
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
3. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying papers as relates to the condition and operation of
the Aimy of the United States, and recommends the in-
crease and modification ofthe same ; also, all recommend-
ations for new arsenals, forts, magazines, and barracks,
together with the report of the Secretary of War, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
4. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying papers as relates to the Navy ofthe United States,
its condition and operation, and recommends an increase
of the same, together with the report of the Secretary ofthe
Navy, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
5. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the enlargement and mod-
ification ofthe present judicial svstem of the United States,
and to the prevention of frauds upon the Pension Bureau,
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
6. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to ourmtercourse with Indian
tribes, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and aecompa-
I nymg documents as relates to the Post Office Department,
and its condition and operation, together with the report of
the Postmaster Genera!, be referred to the Committee on
the Po<t Office and Post Roads.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to commerce and tonnage
duties, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public lands, their sur-
vey and sale, the extension of the present land system over
the Territories of Utah and New Mexico, the extension of
the preemption principle, and free grants of land in aid of
the construction of railroads, be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
10. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates'to the District of Columbia,
be referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
11. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the survey and construction
ot a rati toad from the river Mississippi to the Pacific ocean,
be referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I supposed when a spe-
cial committee was raised in this House upon this
subject, the design was that it should not merely
take charge of a particular bill, but that the whole
subject should be referred to them. When a
committee was raised for this special subject, I
supposed that the part of the President's message
having reference to this subject would be referred
to them at the same time.
Mr, HOUSTON. The House raised a special
committee upon this subject since the resolutions
were submitted, and the subject has been referred
to it; there is no use in making the reference pro-
posed here. I am willing that this resolution
should be stricken out, although I believe it would
be better if the committee here designated were to
take charge of this subject. 1 am willing, how-
ever, to let this resolution be stricken out, and let
the subject go to the special committee,
Mr. McDougai.l made a remark totally inaud-
ible to tlie Reporter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think so; and for this rea-
son a special committee has been raised to con- j
sider this subject; and I suppose it would be no j
injury to the subject to have one of the standing !
committees also take the matter into consideration. S
I suppose, however, the spccial committee will j
give it that sort of consideration which the friends |
of the measure may desire; and I have no objection
to its disappearing from the list of resolutions.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want the matter dis-
tinctly understood, and I therefore adhere to my
motion in the form in which I made it, that the
resolution remain as it now stands, with the ex-
ception that the words " Committee on Roads and
Canals " be stricken out, and the words " special
committee" inserted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
specify the committee already raised upon the sub-
ject, so that it shall not operate to raise a new
committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection to
that, and will so modify my amendment.
Mr. ITAVEN. As I understand the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from California, it reaches
the precise object I desire to accomplish. I hope
the words " Committee on .Roads and Canal#"
will be stricken out, and that the words "special
committee of thirteen already raised" will be in-
serted .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The " selectcom-
mittee of thirteen."
Mr. HOUSTON. The matter has already been
referred to that committee, and I can see no object
to be accomplished by the resolution in this form#
Mr. HAVEN. 1 think it will be better to
adopt it in this form.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now desire to hear the
resolution read as amended, so that the commit-
tee may understand distinctly upon what they are
voting.
The resolution as proposed*to be amended was
read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved, That so much ofthe said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the survey and construction
of a railroad from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
be referred to the select committee of thirteen, heretofore
raised by the Ffouse upon that subject.
The question was taken, and- the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution as amended; and being taken, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
The next resolution was read by the Clerk, as
follows:
12. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to the public buildings and
grounds, be referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that that resolu-
tion, as it now stands, would carry to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds that
subject I have in view. If it does not, I desire to
call the attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to the subject.
That part of the report of the Secretary which
relates to the purchase of some building in New
York, instead of rentingbuildings, as is now done,
should be referred to that committee, if the present
resolution does not carry it there.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama propose to amend the resolution?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; 1 will not make
any motion. I only desired to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds to the subject.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The next resolution was read, as follows:
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject of patents, the
opeiations of the Patent Office, and the modifications of the
existing patent laws, he referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is an amendment to that
resolution in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. For the purpose of say-
ing a word upon the subject, I move to amend the
resolution by adding at the end of the resolution
the following words: " with instructions to con-
sider the expediency of so amending the patent
laws as to prevent the extension of patents, in
any case, to a period beyond fourteen years."
Mr. Chairman, my object in moving this
amendment is, under the five minutes5 rule, to call
the attention of the committee and of the House
to the subject. It is one of considerable moment*
and is at the present time attracting a good deal of
attention in the country.
During the last Congress I made several at"
tempts to induce the Committee on Patents, by
conversation with the chairman and other mem-
bers of that committee, to report an amendment
to the patent laws to that effect.
When our existing patent laws were made,
fourteen years were considered a sufficient length
of term. We now live in a fast age; and it is to
be presumed that a patentee may make as much
now in a peripd of fourteen years from his patent
as he could have done in twenty or thirty years
at the time ofthe organization of the Government,
and I therefore think that the original limit should
be strictly adhered to. #
The principle of the patent laws is such that
you stop all inventors—you stop, in fact, the prog-
ress of the mechanical mind of the country, in a
certain direction. Of course, the natural right of
the case is for every individual to exercise ins
skill in making inventions, and turn them to good
