966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whoie House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Taylor, of Ohio, in the chair.)
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose it had under consideration "A bill for settling
the claims of the legal repi esentatives of Richard
W. Meade, deceased," on which, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Chairman, when this
bill was called before the committee a week ago
to-day, 1 yielded to the pious suggestion of my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
that, it being Good Friday, we should postpone
the consideration of private claims, and give our-
selves up to that business which was more public;
and though we did not enter into spiritual matters,
as they did in the other end of the building, yet
1 trust that the consciences of all members are at
rest as regards our own observance of this sacied
season. It is not my intention at this time to in-
flict on the committee a speech on the hill now
before it; nor, indeed, to enter into any argument.
I shall, as 1 suggested a week ago, confine myself
to a simple narrative of the origin of these claims,
and all those events which made these claims;
which, in the first place, were against the King of
Spain, valid against the Government of the United
States, and which have brought the memorialists
hither to ask of us the justice which has been de-
nied them in other quartern.
Richard W\ Meade was a citizen of the United
States, pursuing his commerce in the kingdom of
Spain, and very much with the dependencies of
Spain m America. In the course of a protracted
business m that part of the world, the Government
of Spam became largely indebted-to him, and to
his principals, m the sum, I believe, of some mil-
lions of dollars. The revolutions that were going
forward in Spain from year to year, never pro-
ducingany good to the subjects, and only disturb-
ing the seats of the various monarch^, remjeied it
much easier for the Government of Spain to in-
crease its debts to themerchants than to pay them.
After various attempts to procure from the Span-
ish Government an acknowledgment of the debt—
a liquidation of his claim arising from demuirage
of his ships, from flour furnished to the army, and
from various articles supplied to, or taken by the
King's officers—Mr. Meade, growing weary of
those efforts, laid his claim before the Govern-
ment of the United States, and at ked his own Gov-
ernment to interfere in his behalf.
In the year 1814, the Government of the United
States concluded a treaty with the Government of
Spain. That treaty contained, among other thing*,
a condition that, the Government of Spain should
cede to the United States the whole of the province
of East and West Florida—the whole of the Span-
ish possessions lying east of the Mississippi, for
which teniroiy the sovereignty of all, and the fee
simple of what was left, the Government of the
United States was to pay $5,000,000, and that sum
of #5,000,000 was to he divided among the claim-
ants of the United States upon the Government of
Spain, prorata, to be appoi tionedhy a commission
to be appointed to hold their offices for three years,
to which commission there should be furnished
proofs of the claims, and those claims, those
unliquidated claims, which weie sustained by
ample proof, were to be allowed by the commis-
sion. Another condition of that treaty was, that
if it were not confirmed by each party, within six
months of the date of its being made hete, it should
become null and void. The treaty also acknowl-
edged the validity of grants of land made by the
King of Spain to his subjects in Flonda—a very
important consideration to this committee.
The treaty was made on the 22d day of Feb-
ruaiy,^lb]9. in that treaty, of course, Mr,
Meade's claim upon Spain was recognized, if it
could be proved. There is no doubt of that; it
was so understood.
On the -22d day of July, 1819, our Minister at
Madrid gave notice to the Government of Spain,
that in thirty days from that time, the trentv.unless
confirmed by the King, would he null and void.
On the 23d of August, 1819, the treaty was uncon-
firmed, and consequently null and void, and
of no effect. Neither Power was bound by that
treaty, and those parties in this country that set
up a claim upon the $5,000,000 were forever cut
off from that claim. The whole matter was then
in the same position as it was before the 22d of
February, 1819. Mr. Meade was then thrown
again upon his own resources, and left to come
back upon the Government of Spain for an ac-
knowledgment and payment of his debt which
they owed him. After much exertion, Mr. Meade
procured from the Minister of the United States
in Spain, and with the consent of the Government
of this country, assistance to procure a liquida-
tion of his claim upon the Government of Spam,
and a commission, on account of this interference,
and on account of the urgency of Mr. Meade,
was appointed by the Government of Spain, who,
after raking the case to the various courts of that
Government, finally declared them liquidated, and
the King of Spam issued his obligation to Mr.
Meade for the amount due him. Between $400,000
and $500,000 were recognized at that time as being
due him. Here was the claim recognized, and
Mr. Meade held in his hands the treasury notes
of the King of Spam for the sum that the King:
acknowledged he owed him. So far, then, the
Government of the United States was released
from all consideiation of this matter, and Mr.
Meade was reinstated in his position towaids
the Spanish Government, and the King of Spain
became his debtor in that amount. The Cortes
of Spam were not then in session, but as soon
as they assembled, Mr. Meade made application
to this Congress of that country to provide ways
and means for the payment ot his debt. In the
meantime, the Minister of the United States and
the Government of Spain entered into negotiations
again for a treaty, and the basis of the treaty to
be formed was the old treaty of the 22d of Febru-
ary, 1819. That was to be the basis of the nego-
tiation, and the treaty was formed after the recog-
nition ofthe debtupon the part of the Kingof Spain,
after the liquidation of that claim, and the issuing
of an acknowledgement in the customary form,
j but bearing the same relation to the debt that a
| treasury note, or any of the bonds of the Treasury
1 Department bear to their holders here. The new
treaty varied from the old one.
I maintained, m the first part of my remarks, that
1 in the acquisition of Florida, the whole sovereignty
of course was acquired for the Government.
There were occupants of the land there who held
of course their lands in fee simple from the Gov-
ernment abroad. 7'he King, m 1818, issued his
royal warrant to three of his distinguished coun-
sellors for a vast quantity of land, covering a great
amount of the beautiful everglades that prove so
rich a source of supply for our naval deposits in
this country. He gave a large pait, i should
think, nearly one third of the whole territory, to
these three persons. The new treaty gave up all
the sovereignty as before, and gave to the United
States the fee simple of ail the.se vast grants of
land, which before were not included in the acqui-
sition of the United States. This treaty was then,
insomuch, better than the other, for the former
conditions were held. Five millions of dollars
j were to be given by the United States to the
American claimants upon the King of Spain, to
be settled as under the former treaty, by coininis-
j sion to hold for three years.
! When this treaty came before the Cortes for
I their consideration they regarded it with some
1 favor, but they also recollected that at the same
1 time there was the claim of Mr. Meade, an Amer-
| ican citizen, for nearly £500,000, which had been
j awarded to him. There was a gentleman there
: by the name of Joseph Guerera; and he was the
| "gentleman from Tennessee"of the Spanish Cor-
tes—just such a man as is my friend from Ten-
, nefisee [Mr. Jones] in this House.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (m his seat.) May
| that not be a doubtful compliment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The compliment is to
; Mr. Guerera that he was so much like my friend
] from Tennessee. There is the compliment. That
gentleman, a member of the Cortes, inquired
what was to become of this claim? Was the
1 Government of Sfain to give up all its sovereignty
over East and West Florida; relinquish all Us
vast possessions there, and afterwards pay this
$500,000? Because the new treaty already gave
up those vaet possessions there which the Kmg
held m fee simple, and besides that, would have to
pay the $500,000, or nearly that sum, which was
included in the former treaty on the part of the
United States,and which they, Spain, agreed to pay
to Mi. Meade. Here, then, was a just inquiry.
Here was a proper inquiry on the part of Mr.
Guerera—and he did ask if this was to beincluded
in the treaty. The question was pertinent and
just, and as proper as nine tenths of those which
my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] puts to
this House. The result was the appointment of
a committee, on the part of the Cortes of Spain,,
to wait upon the American Minister, to ask him.
whether this new treaty included the claim of
Richard W. Meade. The committee returned to*
the Cortes of Spam, and informed them that the
Minister said that it did include it.
In that condition of things, then, the Cortes ad'
vised the King of Spain to ratify and confirm the
new treaty, upon the condition that it included the
claim of Mr. Meade; for you are aware that, under
the general nature of treaties, it would not be in-
cluded, because it was a "liquidated debt." The
Cortes, understanding that it did include it, ad-
vised the ratification of that treaty, although it
gave up an immense amount of valuable land to
the United States.
It was a singular circumstance—but one of those
circumstances which will happen in the progressof
treaties—that there was goingon, a few weeks ago?
in the Supreme Court room below7 a trial nomin-
ally between John Doe and Richard Roe, but m
which the real party was Joseph M. Branden,
which involved a claim to some of the Florida
lands. In looking over the written argument of
this case, I was struck with a singular fact. Is
had nothing to do with the Meade case at all; it
was entirely foreign to it; and yet there I found &
reference was made to this very circumstance to
which I allude—an extract fiorn the proceedings
of the Cortes, including this treaty, m which the
King is advised to ratify the treaty then made,
including the claim of R. W. Meade and others^
but that, as his Majesty might feel that his
kingdom was shorn of a part of its honors, and
they were going to pay too much by relinquish-
ing those vast possessions; therefore, if he should
conclude not to accept of the advice of the
Cortes, and should refuse to ratify the treaty,,
the Cortes then most respectfully recommended
to the King, m the first place, a care for the wants
and conditions of his faithful subjects in Florida;,
and they recommended to him in like manner, if
the treaty should not be ratified, the just and valid
claim of Richard W. Meade. That was their view
of it. Subsequently, also, they declared that, not-
withstanding the fact that this treaty should not
be ratified, these claims upon this valuable body
of land should not be longer considered as with-
holding them from the King. Such was the value
of the land that they deemed it of sufficient im-
portance to warrant the King in taking it from the-
Spanish claimants; but, at the same time, such was
the regard for the claim of Mr. Meade, that they
recommended it to the favorable consideration of
the King. These were the opinions of the Cortes.
But the King did sanction the treaty. The treaty
was ratified in 1820, upon the basis of that of
1819, containing the conditions to which I have
referred by which this Government received an
immense tract of land, including the claim of Mr.
Meade, worth twice as much as this Government
paid for the whole of Florida.
No sooner did Mr. Meade hear that his claim
was included in the treaty, than he enteied his
solemn protest against the proceeding It may
be said that it was a very foolish proceeding upon
the pait of Mr. Meade to protest against the trans-
fer of his claim from the Spanish Government
to ours; but the great difficulty in reference to
Spam had been to get an acknowledgment of the
debt. Spain could not pay, and therefore she
would not settle; but when she became in a better
condition she would settle, because she could pay.
But, I was proceeding to say, that Mr. Meade
protested against his claim being included in this
treaty, because, although he knew that these com-
missioners would pay over in good faith every
dollar of the $5,000,000 set apart for the purpose
of paying the claims of our citizens against the
Spanish Government, yet there were other claim-
ants in the United States as well as himself; arid
after paying the expenses of the commission, he
knew very well that he could not secure the allow-
ance of an amount equal to his claim.
All claims by citizens of the United States upon
