1824
the congressional globe.
July 20.
mean and low-minded, -who may misrepresent me
as acting against a course which might have led
to the taking up of the bill, in which I have a
local interest. But that consideration never de-
ters me one moment in my path of duty. We
are here to discjjyrge the public duties confided to
us, and we ought to do so in a regular and parlia -
mentary manner.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I move to go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
[Cries of "Oh, no."J
Mr. LETCHER. Will not the business come
up in the morning hour to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first
thing in the morning hour.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to submit a mo-
tion, that the House proceed to take up those pri-
vate bills which a Committee of the Whole
House on Saturday last laid aside, and reported
to the House, with a recommendation that they
do pass.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Objection being made, the motion was not en-
tertained.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Taylor] to withdraw his motion to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, in order to enable
me to ask the unanimous consent of the House to
make a personal explanation in relation to this
memorial. It will be better for me to do it now
than at any other time. I presented the memo-
rial myself, and I think it is due to me to have
the opportunity to make the explanation.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to say to the House
that I was'not in the Hall this morning, when
this question came up, and I desire to make an
explanation 
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) I object to any
explanation.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman canno^proceed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I renew my motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. Will this matter come up
to-morrow, in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will not, that being pri-
vate bill day. It will come up in the morning
hour, except upon private bill days.
Mr. EDGERTON. Whenever it does come
up I desire to speak upon the propriety of the
reference of the memorials.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Sidney
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
"consent of the House J hat that message may be
taken up, referred, and printed.
There being no objection, the following commu-
nication was laid before the House:
To the House of Represpntativcs :
I herewith transmit a report of the Secretin-} of stale, and
accompanying papers, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 6th of February last.
FRANKLIN PtEltUE.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the communication,
with the accompanying papers, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The question recurred on Mr. Taylor's motion
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. OLDS. I ask my colleague [Mr. Taylor]
to withdraw his motion, to enable me to report the
post route bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I inquire of the gentleman
from Ohio whether there is any section m this bill
in relation to this route which has been under dis-
cussion this morning. Until I know that fact, I
object.
Mr. OLDS. It contains nothing of that kind.
It only contains the post office routes which are
m existence now.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; I withdraw the
objection.
No objection being made, the bill was thenread
a first and second time by its title, as follows:
A bill to establish certain post routes.
Mr. OLDS. I move to dispense with the read-
ing of the bill through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the read-
ing of it.
Mr. OLDS. The bill will occupy seventy col-
umns of the Globe, and it will take the Clerk two
days to read it through.
Mr. JONES. 4 call for the reading.
Mr. OLDS. Then I withdraw the bill.
Mr. JONES. I object to that.
Mr. OLDS. Then' I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay it upon the
table; and upon that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York must be first put.
Mr. JONES. Before the question is put upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York, I
demand that the bill be read.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to know if it is the
purpose of the gentleman from Ohio to put this
bill upon its passage now ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly that is the object.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope the motion to
lay upon the table will prevail.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the rules be !
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into t
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 1
Union.
Mr. EASTMAN. Before that motion is put,
will it be in order to move to recommit the post
route bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, the
previous question having been demanded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. Is there not a motion pending to go to
the consideration of the business upon the Speak-
er's table?
Mr. CLINGMAN. That motion was with-
drawn .
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the mo-
tion is still pending. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Taylor,] who made the motion, indicated
his willingness to withdraw it, to allow his col-
league [Mr. EnfiKTRON] to make a personal
explanation; but objection being made to the ex-
planation being made, the gentleman from Ohio
did not withdraw the motion. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] then, by unanimous con-
sent of the House, reported the post route bill,
and demanded the previous question.
Mr. OLDS. Will the demand for the previous
question bring up the bill in the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. OLDS. Then the bill will be lost, will it
not ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will go to the
Speaker's table, or somewhere else. The Chair
will decide where it goes when the matter comes
up.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. 1 rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been or-
dered to be engrossed. No question whatever has
been taken upon it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I move to re-
commit the bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
while the demand for the previous question is
pending.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the pie-
vious question.
Mr. OLDS. I will withdraw it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now move to re-
commit the bill; and upon that motion demand the
previous question. That will keep the bill before
the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order,
if the motion to lay the bill upon the table be with-
drawn.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 withdraw the^hiotion to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I submit the
motion 1 have indicated.
The question was taken on Mr. Clingm-us's
motion, and it was agreed to; there being, «i a
division—ayes 95, noes not counted. /
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.W
"flThe House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Army appropri-
ation bill. The pending question was on the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
McMullin,] to increase the amount proposed in
the following amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] to $400,000.
Sec. 4. %&nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he heieby is, authorized and empowered to
sell and convey to the city of St. Louis, the ground on
which the St. Louis arsenal now stands, with the perma-
nent and fixed improvements: Provided, The city shall first
pay into the Treasury of the United States the sum of
$250,000, which sum, when so paid, shall ho iinmediately
applicable, and hereby is appropriated, to the construction
of another arsenal, and the removal thereto of the arms,
munitions, machinery, and tools, now in the St. Louis arse-
nal : And provided also, That possession of the said arsenal
and ground shall not be delivered to the said city until after
the new arsenal is built, and the arms, munitions, machin-
ery, and tools aforesaid removed thereto : Jind provided
further, That the cession, when made, and possession
thereof delivered, shall remain forever a public park.
Mr. McMULLIN. I modify my amendment
so that it shall propose an increase of the amount
*pecified in the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri to $300,000.
Mr. Chairman, since yesterday's discussion I
have become more firmly convinced of the import-
ance of this matter. If this public property is to
be transferred to the city of St. Louis, I, for one,
desire that the Government shall receive a fair
equivalent. I should be willing that three disin-
terested commissioners should be appointed to
negotiate a sale to that city. In my judgment, and
if gentlemen will give the matter their attention
they will concur with me, this property will turn
out to be worth more than $500,000. I grant that
the gentleman from Missouri is no more anxious
to secure advantages to his constituents than the
other members are for theirs, but I put the ques-
tion to him, whether he, in his representative ca-
pacity, will vote to give away public property for
$250,000 which the Secretary of War estimates
to be at least worth $393,001) ?
I hold that, if this transfer should be made at
all, the Government should at least receive some-
thing like a fair equivalent for the property. I
beg the committee to bear in mind that, according
to the showing of the Secretary of War, this
property is worth not only $390,000, but that the
Government must incur the expense of transport-
ing the Government stores from that point to the
place at which the new arsenal is to be erected.
The expense required for this transportation
should be taken into the estimate. It is not my
purpose here to do anything which shall at all
interfere either with the healthful condition of St.
Louis, or retard its rapid progress. I desire to
see that city continue in its prosperity. If gentle-
men of this committee think it is right and proper
to make this transfer, all I ask, as one of the Rep-
resentatives of the people is, that the Government
shall receive something like a fair equivalent for
the property. It strikes me that $500,000 is not
too much. I should b  perfectly willing, as I be-
fore remarked, to have the value of the property
settled by competent and disinterested commis-
sioners, according to the best information in their
power. I think that my amendment will place
the mark too low. If it is the object of the
gentleman from Missouri to have this transfer
made, I ask him to come forward and accept the
amendment, or if he or any other gentleman, feel-
ing a direct interest in this matter, will submit a
proposition to have the property valued by com-
petent and disinterested commissioners, I will
support it, and withdraw my amendment. I do
not desire to embarrass unnecessarily or improp-
erly the amendment of the honorable gentleman
from St. Louis. It is my deliberate judgment
that, if he shall succeed in carrying this amend-
ment in the committee, he will fail to carry it in
the House. In my humble judgment, it becomes
those gentlemen who have been so pertinacious
heretofore m carrying out the estimates of the Sec-
retaries to adhere faithfully to that course now,
and carry them out.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Of course it
i is impossible for me to form any opinion other
! than that indicated by the report of the officers as
to the value of this property proposed to begiven
to the city of St. Louis. It might be fairly assumed
and acted upon by this House, that the public"
officers have given the fair value of this property.
