THE CONGRESS
• imiM:
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.-RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. €• ;
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1854.
NAv Series No. 115.
But for the object which I have in view, and for
the purposes of the argument which 1 am about
to make, I will concede that this property is worth
$500,000. Now, here is a proposition to sell a
property worth either §250,000 or $500,000 to the
city of St. Louis, and tnat proposition is opposed
on the ground that it does not provide for the Gov-
ernment obtaining a fair equivalent value for that
property. I concede that we are not receiving the
full worth of it. But, I ask, what are we doing
here day by day in respect to the disposition of
the public property ? Are we not squandering it
in immense quantities, as compared with this prop-
osition of the public property at St. Louis ? There
are now in the* city of St. Louis, as I understand,
one hundred thousand inhabitants, and it requires
no great stretch of the imagination to believe that,
within half a century from this time, there will be
from five hundred thousand to one million of in-
habitants m that city, surrounding this property.
Now, sir, the argument I make is this: that while
we are giving away public lands to foreigners,
who are now here or are yet to arrive in this coun-
try; while we are throwing money away to build
custom-houses, costing twice as much as we can
Collect in them; while we are giving away swamp
lands to the States in which they are located;
while we see, in the other end of the Capitol, a
proposition to sell the public lands at twenty-five
cents an acre, which everybody knows to be
worth $1 25, or more; while we are doing all this,
1 do not see why the one hundred thousand in-
habitants of St. Louis may not be entitled to have
property which they wish to possess at half price.
Why should they not have it at half price, as well
as people traveling through the unsettled portions
of the country ? Here are one hundred thousand
inhabitants in St. Louis, and prospectively, and
not long hence, five hundred thousand; and I do
not see why we should not treat with them, in the
disposal of public lands, as liberally as we treat
with all other persons for the public property of
the United States, or, atleast, for the landed eBtate
of the Government.
Now, we have been referred to the arsenals
which 'have been sold in other portions of the
country.
Mr. BRIDGES. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. PERKINS. Certainly, ^ir.
Mr. BRIDGES. 'The'question I put to him is
this, whether he is willing to have the public prop-
erty of the United States sold at half price?
Mr. PERKINS. We are giving it away every
day.
Mr. BRIDGES. That is not the question. I
want to know whether the gentleman from New
York is willing to have the public property sold at
half price?
Mr. PERKINS. 1 will answer that question
directly. In this particular case you have got a
statement from one of the public officers as to its
value, and you propose to sell this arsenal property
at half its value, if you choose, to the one hun-
dre thousand inhabitants of St. Louis, situated as
they are, with the object of promoting their health
and comfort. Now, I say this is a glorious and
creditable gift compared with those which you are
making every day. And I should support the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] even though I knew that the property
was worth $500,000. Now, is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bridges] answered? I repeat,
sir, you are daily giving away the public lands to
railroad companies and others. You are giving
them away to a vastly less number of people than
are to be accommodated by this particular favor,
either at present or prospectively.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order for me
now further to modify my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I will modify it so
as to make the amount $500,000.
The question being on Mr. McMullin's amend-
ment, tellers were called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. Kerr and Wheeler appointed.
115
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 72.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I move the following as a
substitute for the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton:]
That the Secretary of War be. and he is hereby, au-
thorized and empowered to cause to be s>old to the highest
bidder, for ready money, in a body, on a nonce ofthirtydays
in the St. Louis newspapers, the tract of land, 3 7(57-100
acres, on which the St. Louis arsenal now biands, together
with the fixtures and permanent improvements thereon,
and deposit the money received for the same in the United
States Treasury; and the said money so paid in shall be,
and the same hereby is, appropriated to the purpo-e of build-
ing another arsenal otwihe barracks tract: Provided, That
the possession of said tract shall not be given to the pur-
chaser thereof until after the new arsenal snail be built, and
the aims, mutations, and tool!? now in the said St Louis
arsenal removed thereto, for which purpose a period ot two
yeais is allowed from the passage ol this act: And pro-
vided further, That no sale shall be made lor any sum less
than the original co*t of the land", budding, and the perma
nent improvements thereon, which shall be stated by the
Secretary ot War, and published at the sale.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman that he modify his amend-
ment so as to appropriate for the new arsenal so
much of the money received from the sale of the
old one as may be necessary.
Mr. PRESTON. I have no objection to that
modification, but I desire first to address the com-
mittee upon the subject of the amendment. The
reason why the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri did not meet with favor from the House
yesterday, was because there was no evidence be-
fore the House as to the value of the grounds and
improvements to be sold.
Now, sir, the Secretary of War, and everybody
who knows anything about the locality of the
present -site of the arsenal, knows that it ought
not to remain where it is. It is difficult to impose
the proper discipline upon the soldiers there. It
would be much better to have it removed to the
Jefferson barracks tract, which is ten miles below
the city, and live or six below the present arsenal.
Mr. BENTON. Ten miles below.
Mr. PRESTON. Very well, ten miles below.
Now, sir, this amendment proposes that the
grounds and permanent improvements shall be put
up at auction and soldto the highest bidder, which
I think is a fair way to dispose of it. The amend-
ment also provides that the grounds shall not go
into the possession of the purchaser until the
arms, munitions, tools, &c., shall have been
removed to the new arsenal, and reserves two
years in which to build the new arsenal. Then it
provides further, that the sale shall not be for a
sum less than the cost of the grounds, and per-
manent improvements to be ascertained by the
Secretary of War.
The Secretary of War is as anxious to remove
the arsenal as the gentleman who represents St.
■ Louis is to obtain a public park. Now, sir, I am
willing to go just tins far and no further: to sell
these grounds to the city of St. Louis ("or the same
price that they are worth to anybody else, and
that the sale shall be insolido—m a body; and
that is just what the amendment provides.
This proposition, it seems to me, is much better
than that proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, to appoint a commission to ascertain the
value of the lands; for commissions are very likely
to give a favorable construction to the purchasing
| parties. It also requires the money to be paid
| down at the time ot the sale. I prefer the public
! vendue, which requires the money to be paid
down at the time of the sale. There is then per-
fect guarantee against any difficulty. Adopting
the suggestion of the gentleman from Louisiana,
I propose that the result of the sale shall go to
the removal of the only arsenal which we have
west of the Mississippi river to the Jefferson bar-
racks tract, where there are now extensive build-
ings belonging to the Government.
Mr. PERKINS. My suggestion was not that
the whole amount realized shall be appropriated
to the building of another arsenal, but-so much
thereof as shall be necessary.
Mr. PRESTON. So I understand, though, t '
know enough of the wants of the Weist in this ,
respect, to know that all to be realized from Slug
sale will not be more than enough to construct a
proper arsenal at that'place.
Another misapprehension exists as to* the gen-
tleman's amendment. Colonel Craig, of the Ord-
nance Corps, states the land to be w-orth #900,000,
and the property now upon it $,193,000, in all
§393,000. .--fn consequence of the growth of .the
city the arsenal is not now in a proper position.
The money to result from the sale will go to the
building of a better arsenal at a more proper place?
and at the same time the city of St. Louis will be
accommodated. It is not usualin auction sales to
put limits as to price; but, inasmuch as we are
about to do this at the invitation of St. Louis, I
have put in the proviso that the auctioneer shall
not let the property go until he receives a bid equal
in amount to the precise cost of the ground and
buildings as estimated by the Secretary of War,
Unless the bidders go beyond that there is no sate
at all. , •
The provision I regard to be right. . It fixes a
minimum by which the Government cannot pos-
sibly lose, while, at the satrre time, it carries out
the wishes of the Department for the removal of
the arsenal from its present location. It allows
two years in which to remove the armory, and
accommodate the city of St. Louis by converting
those arsenal lands, no longer proper for the pur-
pose for which they are now used, into a public
park, provided she is willing to bid as much for
them as anybody else at public outcry. I think
the amendment is a just and proper one, and offer
it m lieu of the one which was submitted by tlie
gentleman from Missouri. ,
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not think that the amend-
ment meets the objections which have been urged
against that of the gentleman from Missouri. The
objection to that was, that by it he proposed to
give this public property, worth from $500,000 ito
$1,090,000, to the city of St. Louis for $250,000!
The gentleman proposes to amend so that the prop-
erty shall be put up at public vendue. If it were
proposed to be put up at public auction in small
tracts it might be sold'; but what individuals will
be able to go there arid bid for it when it is worth
§500,000 or p,000,000. The amendment does not
answer the objections made to the amendment of
the gentleman'from Missouri.
Mr. PRESTON. The Colonel of Ordnance
uses this language in regard to the value of tfce
property; ':. -
"The site selected, and on which the arsenal bow
stands, contains 37 64-100 acres, and is estimatedtobenow
worth at leait $200,000, exclusive of the inclosing walls,
interior fences, drains, culverts, and road?, which are valued
at $30 000. The buildings which are constructed in the
most permanent manner, arevalued at $163,010. The arms
and Munitions of war of all kinds, together with the ma-
chinery. and tools m stoie and in use, are valued at
SI,275,773. The proposed ces-ion to the city of St. Louis,
fur rhe purpose stated in the resolution, will require the
abandonment of the land, with its permanent aud fixed'im-
provements, and of the buildings, the value of which
amounts to $393,010, and the removal of the rest of the pub-
lic property."
Mr. CRAIGE. I was coming to that point.
The committee has been misled, not only by the
gentleman from -Kentucky, but by remarks made
yesterday in regard to this matter. The Colonel
of Ordnance does not say that it is not worth more
than #200,000. He says that it is at least worth
4200,000, and the improvements $193,000. He
does not say that the property may not be worth
<8500,000 or $1,000,000. Although worth more
than 41,000.000-, he might say that it was worth
at least $200,000.
The property itself is worth, they say, at least
$200 000. They do not say it is worth nvore than
that—$500,000 or $1,000,000. I have no dou&t,
from tfie information I have'received upon tbe.
subject, that the property, consisting, as-it does,
of thirty-seven acres of land, and surrounded' by
buildings, is worth at least $1,000,000.
The question being on Mr. Preston's amend-
ment, .
Mr. PRESTON demanded tellers; which were
