908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
the intelhgenceof thecommittee rely entirely upon
the statements which I make, for I see that while !
I have confined my objections within the limits j
of the report, I have omitted many parts of it, j
which, if examined, would give strength, and will ■
give strength, to the future arguments which will :
be made upon this case. 1 forbear any argument j
here: I forbear any appeal to this committee be' ;
yond this statement; and I reserve to myself the !
right to reply to objections which I presume will ,
be ! have no doubt that they will be made, i
for they have been heretofore, and I am prepared r
to answer them. But I do not think it is the part I
of an advocate to anticipate them, and make them U
known- I have already referred to only a few i
strong points which will attract the attention of
the committee whenever the objections are made.
One of these I wish to recall the attention of the
committee to: and that is, that the Government of i
the United States, while it felicitated Mr. Meade I
upon the success he had in procuring a liquidation
of hie account, did not fail to take to itself the i
credit of having assisted in that matter; that be-
tween the death of the treaty of 1819 and the
treaty of 1820, thtft treaty way null and void, and 1
the treaty had no bearing upon the condition of!
the two countries, and the citizens of the two '
countries, between the death of the old treaty and i
the birth of the new treaty; that the liquidation
of the claim by the Spanish Government, m the
full belief, to all appearances, that no new treaty :
was to be made. Oi, if they believed, as they im^ht
believe, that two great nation;-;, like the United
States and Spam, would not exist without a treaty,
fhey might have taken it for granted that n tieaty ;
would have been made, including all claims.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have already occupied more
of the time of the committee than I intended. I
repeat, that 1 have endeavored to confine myself to
a simple narrative of the facts, avoiding ail argu-
ment upon them. 1 have also avoided appealing
to the feelings of the House. 1 appeal to the jus-
tice of the Bouse, and to their justice alone. "A lus
is a claim brought against this Government i>y the
family of a deceased American; and that family
and 1 believe m its justice. That family ha« hope
mid confidence in your justice.
Mr. Chairman, nothing stnkcs mo more with a
feeling of dread than (o hear that somebody has
died and left his heirs a claim upon the Govern-
ment of the United States. Sir, in the kingdom of
Biam, when a Minister wants to break down a !
rival Minister at court, he proceeds to ask the
King to give his rival a wnite elephant. The
Kin^ does it; and the favored man spends his
wealth, hi-j time, and his life, in trying to take
care of this royal gift of the King. Mr. Chair-
man, this white elephant is an emblem of the
claims which are brought against our Government.
Heavy hearts and It^ht purses are the consequence
of them. Few, very few, succeed—scarcely enough
to induce those who follow to hold on. Sir, of
the thousands who ascend the steps of this Capitol,
having claims upon the justice of Congress, scarcely
any succeed, unless the claim is represented by a
lady. Then, sometimes, thev do succeed. They
succeed injustice; they succeed in truth; but, Mr.
Chairman, there are too many young and gallant
members of this I Louse to allow n female to plead
for justice at the hands of the House, and plead
in vain; and even those like you and 1, Mr.
Chairman, with mottled locks upon our heads—
we vote for these female-enforced claims also, and
for the same reason—we cannot but remember
that such things were, and were most dear,
Cut, !•:>■, I do not propose to continue these re-
marks any further at present, i(.'serving to myself
the right to answer any objections which may be
raised during the progress of the debate, when 1
use the privilege of die author of a repoit to close
the argument.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This claim, Mr.
Chairman, has been pending for a long time be-
fore Congress. It is one of considerable magni-
tude and importance, both as to the amount and
the principle involved, and on which payment is
asked ot the United States. My attention having
been specifically called to it by tliegentlenvm who
is engaged in its prosecution before Congress, J did
look into it with a view of satisfying myself as to
its justice and merits. If the principle on which
it iests be right; if it can be shown by the nrovi-
sions of the treaty with Spain, ratified in October,
1820, that the (Government of the TTnited States
did renounce the claim of Meade, now presented
here, and relinquish all liability of the Spanish
Government therefor, and assumed its settlement,
then it is a valid claim against the United States,
and the Representatives of the people upon this
floor, and the Representatives of the States in the
other end of this building, should provide for its
adjudication and payment upon the principles and
in the manner specified in the treaty. There are,
however, two sides to this case; and when I am
called on to vote this money to the heirs of the
original claimant, I must look to the rights of the
other side, to the rights of those whose money
must be taken to pay it, if paid at all. If there
be any valid claim at all, it is provided for in the
treaty of February, 1819. By the ninth article of
that treaty it is provided:
" The renunciation of the United States will extend to
all the injuries mentioned in the convention of the Hih
August, 1KU2.
'2d. To all claim, on account of pm.os made by French
privateers, and condemned by French consuls within the
teintory and jurisdiction of Spain.
u 3d. To a!J claims ot indemnities on account of Ihe sus-
pension of the nylH of deposit at Now Oilcan m iSOi.
"4th. To all claims of citizens of the United States on
the Government of Spain, arising from the unlawful seiz-
ures at sea, nnd in the ports and territories of Spam > or the
Spanish colonics.ji
It will be conceded that m none of these pro- i:
visions is Mr. Meade's claim provided for. If jl
provided for at all, it is provided for in the fifth 1
| clause of the moth article, it is as follows; i|
; "f>ih. To all claims of citizens of the Unih'd Staterf on
the Spanish Government, litatemeut* of which ^soliciting m
, the interposition or the Government of the United States, ]j
have been presented to the DepaUment ol StatP, or to the |j
| Minister of the United States m Spain, since the date of !i
I the convention oi 1802, and until the signature of tins tj
! treaty.'5 \\
i If the claim is embraced at all by the treaty, it is ; |
! under the clause which I have just read. 11 its '
I embraced, however, not because of any inherent j!
i merit, but, as 1 conceive, merely for the reason !
; that it was presented by our Minister to the r
i Spanish authorities for adjudication. '1
i On what basis does this claim rest? I ask the |j
■ legal gentlemen of this committee to determine !i
i whether it was such a claim, in view of its origin, j:
: that it devolved upon the Government of the Dhi- ji
i ted States to any degree whatever the duty of '
1 interposing in behalf of the claimant.
Was there any obligation, m consequence of j
: Mr. Meades being a citizen of the United States, '!
1 for his Government to intet fere and ask a settle- !'
! ment of his claim? Sir, he had left his own coun- !i
j try. He had located in and been for years a rj
! resident m the kingdom of Spam. That country jl
| was embroiled m wans. His Government was a
.! neutral Power. During his residence there, he
i made contracts with the SpanHi Government to
: furnish them with tobacco and Hour. He pur- j;
chased a draft, 1 believe, ntum Mexico, then a ■ j
; province of Spam. That draft was not honored .1
and paid promptly, and he alleges, as a part of j j
• his claim, that he had to keen a vessel in the port ji
of Vera Cruz for some months, waiting for his ;
,j $300,000, the proceeds of the draft, to take back j
to Spain.
Again, he took upon himself the execution of a j
: commission in bankruptcy, and when he had got ;
the funds in his hands he failed to pay them over.
Perhaps it was rot stiictly legal for him to pay ,
them out; 1 do not know how that is; but some of [
1 the claimants who believed they were entitled to a i
, part of the funds of the bankrupt concern, took
1 legal steps against Mr. Meade, and for failing to
' pay over that money, he was incarcerated in jail,
' according to the laws and customs of Spain. He ;
alleges,! behe\e, that he had paid the money into !
the royal treasury of Spain, under a decree of the 1
1 proper authorities of the Government. These are '
■ the items of which his claim is made up, for losses i
and damages in his commejcidl and business trans-
actions with the Government of Spain, and h;s ;
imprisonment growing out of and under that com- I
mission of bankruptcy. '•
Now, sir, this is the character of his claim, eon- J
, tracted, under these ciicumstaneea, against a Gov- i
! ernment with which we were at peace, for furnish- 1
ing that Government, which was engaged in wars !
with other nation.-1, with the smews of war. But !
afterwards this Government did come in, as a mere j
matter of grace and favor—as s think \ shall show I
! before I get through--and present th^ claim of j
j Mr. Meade, and a*k foi us settlement.
Well, cnr, thm stood tVTt\ Meade's chum in 1810
when the treaty was negotiated in this city be-
tween Mr. Adams, then "Secretary of State, and
the Spanish Minister. The condition was that
that treaty was to be ratified within alimited time,
or elre it was to be null and void. The President
and Senate of the United States ratified it, but the
Spanish Government failed to ratify it. When
they failed to ratifyit, Mr. Meade, through the
friendly interposition of our then Minister at Mad-
rid, Mr. Forsyth, again presented his claim to the
Spanish Govern ment for liquidation, and that Gov-
ernment did settle and liquidate the claim. They
acknowledged the debt, or, rather, they compro-
mised with him, and agreed to give him a certifi-
cate upon the Royal exchequer for the amount of
his claim, which took it out of the provisions of
the treaty with Spain.
Mr. CH ANDLER. The last treaty,
Mr. JONES. The la.jt tre ay was the name as
the first, with, perhaps, a few slight alterations in
regard to some grants of land in Florida. When
gentlemen assert that we got the Floudas for these
debts, they should recollect that we transferred to
Spain, by that treaty, a country larger in extent,
and more fertile than the Kiondaa ever can be.
We transferred m that treaty—as one of the re-
ports which I have upon this subject shows-—the
entire country between the Sabine and the Rio
Grande—what is now Texas. It was thus that
this claim stood at the time of the rejection, or
rather failuie, on the part of Spain to ratify the
treaty, when Mr. Forsyth, our Minister, again
interposed to procure its acknowledgment and set-
tlement by theSpanish Government. The Spanish
Government did, under the interposition of the
United States, acknowledge and settle the unset-
tled claim of Meade; and on the 17th of May,
! 1820, gave to Meade arernfieateof the amount of
his ascertained debt, for *>491,153 6*-2, and an order
i on the Royal Treasury of Spam, with interest
from that date; which was not paid, because of
the embarrassed state of the Spanish finances,
j This acknowledgment and finding of the claim of
I Meade by the Spanish Government, a' a time
! when there was no treaty ratified or pending be-
; tween the two Governments, entirely changed the
i character pnd nature of Meade's claim, and took
' it out of the provisions of the treaty of 1819, if
it had ever been embraced. After the settlement
of Meade's claim, the treaty of 1811) was revived,
! and finally ratified by the two Governments in
: October, 1820. That the settled, funded claim of
i Meade, as it was at the time of the ratification of
j the treaty in October,after its liquidation, was not
i included and provided for, it is only necessary to
' refer to the report of the gentleman from Penn-
; sylvama,[Mr. Cn wolmi,] from the Committee on
: Foreign Aifairs. The committee, in their report
eport
to this Blouse, say:
LiAs the treaty (stand*., this Government is exonerated
from the paymentofMr. Meade't- claim. The negotiation;?
being thus definitively closed, Mr. Meade was thrown upon
his own exertion*.
"The negotiation being thua definitively e!o*ed, Mr.
Meade wa.-i thrown upon his own ex  rtions. Ho continued
! to onre his claim on the Government of j?pain, and, with
the aid of the friendly offices of our Minister, wa>- at length
| biicco^i'ui. On the 19th May, lbCO, hss claim* were liqui
dated and their validity acknowledged; and a certificate m
due fonn was given to him, as evidence of Jns acknowl-
edged debt, amounting, in his own nght, ro tB.
"Tnif adjustment wad made by both paiues in the faith
that Spam, and Spam yjone, was to be iPhnon -ible for the
debt.
" ft was made ai ihe m-!ance of our Government, which
even took «ome eiedif to it-cit* fo  nzeney in ttfecnng it.
u The ground* of the "faim. as if Mjod at the signing u)c
treaty, were entirely changed, innh ui f.'trnrdto theevidenec
and ic^ixmc-iojliU. Fiojn an unhquid-j'ed claim*
oa the evidence of on<!imd contracts! and oi personal ir>ju
■ rie-', tor which ihe IT:nt'd Stit"^ were then tjnosi respon
Mble, it had now become a inundated debt, renting on the
express contract of the Government^ and Ur which tfpain
■ alone was re^p-ni^d^':
'' Tiu> change of ike character of t'ie c him, thus com
municdted to oir Government, was />'■>* se a revocation ci
: all prior autho-ity to interpose on behalf of the claimant.
1 and .Denunciation of any bench*, n der anv conduction
<^i understanding of the treaty, or tnat culd accrue from
1 its te-'isutation at any future pr-nod.
14 The proViVion^ of the treaty, a-; Mgned, under any con-
struction, were no longer applicable or anpiupnafe to the
ease, '/'he claim on winch the intei/o^a^n of the Gov-
ernment bad bf(!u solicited no longer t- There was
no longer anvthin?. either a« to amotm! or r-'h^ih/. for ad
judication. There'wa* nothing left to be done hut the pay-
' mtnt of an acknowledged debt.
l< It does nor apprat that Mr. Macule j?a\e any new au-
thority to the Government to intc-{,o-e on hj^ behalf, or in
any way asienf^d to waive the btaef/t of the le-^poniiibilitv
, thus atfumed by Hpain, but, on the coninny, that the sub
sequent interference of the Go\einmcnt \va« without hi<
eon=ent. and agauft hi- remon",nanccs
