258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
■J
by which the bill in reference to bounty lands
was passed to-day, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
bAN FRANCISCO SUFFERERS.
Mr. BISSELL. Is the Chair through with
calling reports from committees ?
The SPEAKER. For to-day.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to inquire whether a
bill which originated in this House, providing for
the relief of the sufferers of the San Francisco, has
been returned from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. TheChairthinks it has not.
Mr. BISSELL. If 1 understood the messenger
aright, it has been brought in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that it has been returned.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 ask, by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, that the bill be taken up and
considered
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that the first
bill upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER, it is not.
Mr. JONES. Then I object to its being taken
up now.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I move that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is reminded that
reports from select committees have not been
called.
AARON STAFFORD AND HEZEKTAH JOHNSON.
Mr. HENDRICKS, by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, reported from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by
their titles, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
"A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford, of the
State of New York;'* and
"A bill for the relief of Hezekiah Johnson, of
the town of Bridge water, in the State of Vetmont."
EXTENSION OF THE PENSION AND BOUNTY
LAND LAWS.
Mr. HENDRICKS also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the same committee the
following-bill; which was read in extenso:
"A bill extending the provisions of (he pension
and the bounty land laws now in force, so as to
include sutgeons who served m the Mexican war
for a period not less than six months under con-
tract with the commandants of the regiments."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage. I think if the House would
hear a brief statement in regard to the merits of
this bill, that they would consent to pass it.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. LANE. I move that it be referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and that it be
printed.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative. j
So the bill was referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill in relation to
invalid pensions; which was read the first and
gnond time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
| BOUNTY LANDS.
1 Mr. HENDRICKS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to report back
the following bill, with three amendments:
" A bill to amend the third section of the act
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged m the service of the
United States."
The propositions of this bill are perfectly plain,
and every gentleman upon this floor can under-
stand them at one reading. I think it is important
that the bill and amendments should be adopted.
If the House does not desire to send the bill to a
Committee of the Whole House, I will ask that it
be put upon its passage. I will state (o the House
in a few words the character of the bill.
The Commissioner of Pensions has decided that
a certain class of widows cannot get the bounty
land, which was intended to be given them by the
law of 1850. The bill , as introduced, was intended
to remove that difficulty, and to give the widows of
those who served in the war of 1812 their bounty
land, and to remove the construction which the
Commissioner of Pensions placed upon the law of
1850. That law provides that they should have
one hundred and sixty acres of land, if their hus-
bands died in battle. It was clearly the intention
of the law to give lands to widows according to
the services rendered by their husbands. The
Commissioner of Pensions construes that act to
mean that the husband must have died in battle to
give to the widow a land warrant.
The first amendment which I have reported, is
to extend the provisions of the law of September
28,1850, so as to give those who may have served
less than one month bounty land. * The bounty
land act of 1850 provides that those who enlisted
and served for a period of more than one month
and less than four months shall have forty acres
of land. The first amendment 1 propose is to
change that law so as to give the soldier, the vol-
unteer who entered into service, a bounty land
warrant, whether he served one month or less.
The second amendment which I propose to the
bill, is to extend the law of 1850, so as to provide
that where the soldier has died without leaving
any widow or minor children, that his adult chil-
dien sha;l receive the bounty land for iiis services.
I think that right; and that the bill, with the
amendments I have reported, should be passed.
I hope it may be put upon iu passage now. If it
goes to the Committee of the Whole House, or to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, its final passage is endangered; but if there
is a general desire on the part of the House to
send it there, that it may be printed, and more
carefully considered, I will not oppose that dispo-
sition of it.
Several Members. Send it there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before I take my seat I
desire that the bill and amendments may be read.
Mr. BISSELL. In the confusion which pie-
| vails it is utterly impossible to understand the pur-
port of the bill. 1 have, however, heard enough
to satisfy me that it is a bill of some importance,
and should receive mature consideration. I move
that it be referred to the Com'mittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
just a provision by sending it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill does nothing but what I have said*, it
is plain in its provisions, and the language is not
■ ambiguous.
! It extends the law so as to give bounty lands to
I the adult children of soldiers of the war of 1812 in
cases in whicfi those soldiers have left no widows
or minor children to take the lands.
! The amendments go further, and provide that
' if a soldier entered the service of the United States
■ and served the country, although it may have been
| for a less period than one month, he shall receive
; forty acres of land. That, sir, is right. The man
; who enlists, who leaves his home and abandons
. his business, ought to receive bounty land, even
| though the service may not have been to the ex-
; tent of one month, the period prescribed in the
! law of 1850. Sickness may have caused his dis-
j charge; the war may have closed, so that he could
I not longer serve. His home and business have
j been abandoned, and the camp and field entered,
j He should receive the bounty of the Government
1 provided for the soldier.
I think, also, that the construction put upon the
law of 1850 by the Commissioner of Pensions is
not justified by the spirit of the act, though it may
be by the language used. The law intended to
give land warrants to all wido'ws of soldiers,
whether their husbands died in battle or not; and
I want to see that construction of the Commis-
sioner removed.
If, however, it is the general desire on the part
of the House to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, so be it. I
have no feeling about this matter except a desire
to see right done. I think these amendments
ought to be made, and made at once.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There, are, per-
haps, some provisions in this bill which it would
be right and proper to pass; but there are others
which I believe the House will concur with me in
thinking ought not to be passed. I think the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] will him-
self admit that if one of the amendments he has
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I hope the gentleman j proposed is right and proper m itself, it is still de-
fective and needs amendment.
The gentleman provides, by one of these amend-
ments, that in case of the death of the soldier,
leaving no widow nor minor children, then his
adult children shall come in and be entitled to the
benefits of the bounty land law. But I ask the
gentleman what he proposes to do for the minor
children of the child of the dead soldier who have
been left fatherless and motherless ? If we should
extend the benefits of the bounty land law any
further to the descendants of the soldier, it should
be to his orphan grandchildren in preference to
his adult children.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (Interposing.) 1 think the
gentleman fiom Tennessee does not understand
the character of the amendment that I have pro-
posed. He asks what would become of minor
children and orphans? I reply to him, that the
amendment does not give the adult children land
warrants if there are any minorchildren. If there
| be a widow, she takes the land; if there are minor
[ children, they take it; but if there are neither of
} these, then the adult children are to have the land.
| Mr. JONES. I understand all that perfectly,
j but the gentleman does not seem to understand the
! point which I make. In case the soldier leaves no
j widow nor minor children, but leaves adult child-
j ren, and some of these adult children have died,
i leaving children who are the grand children of the
I soldier, they are not provided for by the amend-
| ment proposed by the gentleman.
j One objection to extending the law to the chil-
; dren of soldiers of the war of 1812, which does not
: apply to the extension of it to the children of sol-
| diers of the war with Mexico, is, that in the war
i with Mexico, most of those who went into the
| service were young men,and a very large piopor-
. tion of them were unmarried; those who were
: married were yonng, and their children were
, young, if they had any. But the war of 1812 took
i place forty-odd years ago, and the children of the
; soldiers in that war have, some of them, become
old men and old women.
Many of the children have died, and their chil-
: dren, perhaps eight, ten, or twelve in number, are
: in all probability scattered over as many different
] States of the Union. You must prove the heir-
i ship of every one of them; and when you have
will hear the bill read beloi e he makes that motion
The bill < nd amendments were then read in ex-
tenso by the Cleik.
The bill provides that upon the death of an
officer, musician, or private, entitled by existing
laws to bounty land for his services, but who
shall not at the time of his death have received
such bounty lands, a warrant for such land shall
be issued to his widow, provided that she is un-
married at the date of the application: and pro-
vided, further, that if her husband was killed in
battle she shall receive one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
The first amendment makes a mere verbal alter-
ation.
The second amendment provides that a warrant
for such bounty land shall be issued to those en-
titled to receive it notwithstanding the term of
service may have been less than one month.
The third amendment provides that when there
shall be no widow or minor children competent to
receive such bounty land, the adult children shall
be entitled to receive it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bounty land law of
1847 provides that upon the death of a soldier of
the Mexican war entitled to receive such land, it
should go first to the widow, then to his children,
then to his father and mother, and then to his
brothers and sisters.
If ihe soldier of the war of 1812 be dead, his
widow may, under certain circumstances, get the
bounty land. Under other circumstances your
Commissioner of Pensions has decided that she
cannot get it. If he left minor children, they may
receive the bounty, but his adult children cannot
receive it. Now, my judgment is, that if either
class of children should be exclusively provided
for upon the death of the father, it should be the
adults.
When the soldier of 1812 left his home to
serve his country, his children were left to aid
in providing for the family. Their services at
home enabled the father to go into the camp and
field. They are now adults, and by the law of
1850 they cannot receive bounty land for the ser-
vices of their deceased parent. Now I want to
remove this inequality—this injustice—at once,
j and I do not want to endanger the passage of so
