L-S54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or annual compensation, or for work by the piecp, or how-
ever it may have been or is executed, of all persons em-
pjoyed in the ar>enals of the United States at Philadelphia
an<i ekewhere, twenty five per cent, upon the a<i onnt here-
tofore paid them—commencing with the fiscal year July
1st, 1853; and such increase ot twenty five per cent, com
pensajmn is hereby allowed to oil the operatives, working-
men, sewing-women, laborers,superintendents, and cleiks,
and is appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Nobody can un-
derstand it.
Mr. LETCFJER. I pise to a question of order,
that the amend merit is not germane to the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why is it not germane to
the bill? Of course it is out of order, and simply
' because it awards justice to a meritorious and in-
dustrious class of citizens.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 raise the question of older;
and if the gentleman is disposed, let htm take mi
appeal from the decision of the Chair, if he de-
cides the amendment out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order. Does the gentleman
appeal ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; sir, I am not dis-
posed to be obstreperous. I have had some ex-
perience in appealing from decisions of the Chair.
If my amendment involved the expenditure of
§500,000, 1 would probably succeed in overruling
the Chair; as it is, I '11 let it go, hoping at some
future time to succeed in accomplishing the pur-
pose I had tn view in offering it. There are hun-
dreds of persons in the employ of the Govern-
ment in all branches of the public service; rev-
enue, post office, and for supplies to the Army and
Navy round and about Philadelphia, who ought
to have the compensation now paid them largely
increased. But the present, it seems, is not the
time. Nevermind. I trust, ay, confidently hope,
a 'pijore i* a better day coming,
Only wait a little longer;"
I do not appeal from your decision, Mr. Chair-
man.
Mr. LANK, of Oregon. I propose to amend
the bill by offering as an additional section, the
first section of Senate biil No. 119, to increase
the pay of the officers, non-commissioned officers,
and rank and file of the Army.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 rise to a question of order.
This amendment is not in order to the bill. The
gentleman proposes to increase the pay of the
Army.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot decide
whether or not the amendment of the gentleman
from Oregon is in order until it be read. The
Clerk will report the amendment proposed.
The Clerk reported the amendment, as follows:
Be it further enactcd, That the monthly pay proper of the
several grades of the Army, hereinafter enumerated, shall
be at the following rates : .i major general, .$^65 ; a briga-
dier general, .$165 ; .t colonel, $130 ; a lieutenant colonel,
#115; a major, $95; a captain of cavalry, $8.">; aeaptain
of artillery and mfatUiy, .-$75 ; a fir^t lieutenant of cav.ihy,
$65; a first lieutenant of artillery and infantry, §57; a
second lieutenant of cavalry, $55 ; a second lieutenant ot
artillery and infantry, $47 : a cadet, $M3 ; a sergeant major,
quartermaster-sergeant, principal musician, chief bugler,
principal faruer, and ordnance-sergeant, to each first
sergeant <>f a company of dragoons, mounted riflemen, artil-
lery, and infantry, $21 ; to all other -ergeants ofthose arms,
$18 ; to a corporal of dragoons and mounted riflemen, $14 ;
to a corporal of artilleiy and infantry, $13; to a tamer,
blacksmith, saddler, and artificer of dragoons, mounted
riflemen,and artillery, $15; to a bugler of dragoons and
mounted riflemen, $t2; to a musician of artillery and in-
fantry, $11; to a private of dragoons and mounted rifle*
men, $11; and to a private of arfiHery and infantry, $10 :
Prowled, That the existing allowances shall he confined
to officers, when.on duty, or who shall have loft their posts
by reason of wounds received in the line of their dufv, and
that officers absent from duty under any other circum-
stances shall only be entitled to the pay proper of their re-
spective grades.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order on that amendment. It is in many
respects the same as one which was decided out
of order. This is out of order, because the bill
under consideration is an appropriation bill proper,
while the amendment is one to increase the pay
and alter the organization of the Army.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 think it is in order.
It is for contingencies to carry on one of the de-
partments of the Government. I refer the Chair-
man to the 8lst rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the amendment, because it is in substance the
same as that offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, which was admitted by the Chair, but which
decision of the Chair was overruled by the com-
mittee.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 appeal from the decision of
the Chair. *
Mr. PECKHAM. On what grounds does the
Chair rule that amendment out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Because the substance of
it was contained in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia, which the committee decided
out of order
Mr. LANE. Allow me to make an inquiry of
the gent-leman who has raised the point of order.
I want to make an explanation.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman from
Oregon permit me 
Mr. LETCHER. I object to this—we will all
be wanting to make explanations.
Mr. FACJLKNER. 1 ask the gentleman from
Oregon to withhold his amendment, and I will
submit one for the same purpose in different terms.
Mr. LANE. Weil, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FAULKNER. I offer the amendment in
this form:
be it further enacted, That the sum of $884,230 be
appiopriated lor the support of the Army, as follows: A
m.tjor geneial, $'265; a brigadier general, $165; a colonel,
$135; a l.euten.uit colonel, $i 15; u major, $95; a captain
or cavalry, $85; a captain of artillery and miantry, $75; a
first lieutenantof cavalry, $65; a (ir$t lieutenant ol aiullery
and infantry, $57; a accond lieutenant ot cavalry, $55; a
serond lieutenant ot artillery and infan ry, $^7; a cadet,
$33; a sergeant major, quartermaster-sergeant, principal
musician, einet hugler, principal Uirier, and ordnance ser
geatir,$23; to t-ach lir^t *ergeantof a company of dragoons,
mounted riflemen, artillery, and infantry, $-21; to all other
seigeants of those arm*, $18; to a coiporal of dragoons and
mounted nflemen, $1-1; lo a corporal of artilleiy and infan-
cy, to a faruer, hjacksmith, saddler, and artificer of
dragoons, mounted riflemen, and artillery, $15; to a bugler
of dragoons and mounted riflemen, $12; to a musician of
artillery and miantry, $11; to a private of diagoons and
mounted riflemen, $11; and to a private ol aitilkry and
inlautrv, $10; Prowled, That the'existing allowances shall
be confined to officer:* when on duty, or who shall have
left their posts by reason of wound* received in the line of
their duly, and lti.it officers absent from duty under any
other circumstances shall only be entitled to the pay proper
of their respective grades
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a question
of order upon that amendment. We have passed
over that part of the bill which makes the appro-
priation, and it is not in order now to direct how
it shall be disposed of. The amendment is also a
j bill for the reorganization of the Army, and it is
: not in order to ofler such an amendment to this
I bill.
j Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman is not in order,
! in debating the question of order.
[ Mr. JONES. 1 am only stating the question
of order, and not debating it.
Mr. TAYLOR. Well, we want to state ques-
tions of order too.
Mr. JONES. I say the amendment is out of
order, because it provides for a reorganization of
the Army.
Mr. FAULKNER. I want the gentleman from
Tennessee to look at the amendment, and see
whether it is not an appropriation, and, as such,
strictly m order, according to the rules of the
House.
Mr. JONES. We have passed that portion of
the bill which makes the appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. And it is not provided for
by law, and on that ground it is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I take an appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order now, because, when he admitted
it before, the committee overruled his decision.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee V*
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put; and there were, on
a division—ayes 77, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PECK offered the following amendment
as an additional section:
Jlndbe it further enacted. That of the $250,000 hereby !
appropriated for the manufacture of arms at the national
armories, only $40,000 shall be expended untii otherwise
ordered by the Secretary of War. ■
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I rise to a ques- j
tion of order upon that amendment. We have !;
' the part of the bill containing that appro-1
| priation, andM submit that it is not in order to go
■ back upon the bill. . *" " f
• Mr. PECK, i offer it as an additional sectiotl
j to the bill. * : ' " ' - ^
! The CHAIRMAN. rFhe Chair rulessfim
;! amendment out of order, upon the grountl that it
^provides for an appropriation of moflrey iirrefift*
! ence to a matter which has already been passed
j upon by the committee. ' " ! - '
| Mr. PECKHAM. This amendments offered
| in precise accordance with a decision made by thfe
I Chair yesterday, on an amendment offered by lh£
j gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith] qualifying
i what the committee had before voted. * • •'
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rejects tthe
| amendment upon the ground that it provides- fo$
the disposition of money which has been appro-
priated in a part of the bill which has been passed.
Mr. PECKHAM. Well, sir, I most respect-
fully take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire if the amend-
ment proposes to appropriate any money?
The CHAIRMAN. It provides for the dis-
bursement of money.
Mr. PECKHAM. It merely provides for the
disposition of money already appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; and if members are
allowed to go back in this way, we shall never
get through with the bill.
The question now being, "Shall thedecieion of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr WH EELER demanded tellers".
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
! there were—-ayes 70, noes 30; no quorum voting*
[Cries of "Call the roll."] " '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submitthat the
Chair has the right to count the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ten*
nessee is not in order; the Clerk will call the roll.
The roll was called.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
. that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
1 the Union, had, according to order, had the Union
generally underconsideration, and particularly the
bill of the House, (No. 95,) it being the Army
appropriation bill, and having found itself with-
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called;
and had directed him to report the facts to the
House, with the names of the absentees.
The names of the absentees are as followR:
Abererombie, Ranks, Bennett, Biwell, Bliss,
| Boeock, Brooks, Buss, Ca^kic, Chamberlain, Cha<e, Col-
quitt, Uraige, Gumming, Cutting, Dawson, De Witt, Drum,
Dunbar, Dunham, Erigerton. John M. Elliott, JEngltsh,
TUherid e, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Gamble, Green, Grey,
1 Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley
I'. Harris, Hiesier, Jlillyer, JohtiMui, J. Glartcy Jones,
' Kidwell. Kuiiedge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,Latham, Lindley,
Lynn, McCulloch, Macdonald, Mace, May, Meacham,
Smith Miller, Mordecai Oliver, Phillips. Reese, Richard-
son, Robbing, Rogers, Sage, Seymour, Simmons. Samuel
A. Smith. AlexanderH. Stephens, John J. Taylor* Ttiicy*
Tweed, Walker, Warren, John Wentwortli, aud West-
brook.
One hundred and seventy-three gentleman—a
quorum—having answered to their names, the
committee again resumed its session.
The C H A1RM AN. When thecommiteefound
itself without a quorum, the question was on the
i appeal taken from the decision of the Chair,
There will be a recount.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. 1 ask that the
Chair will state the question.
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Peck] submitted an amendment, which
the Chair decided out of order. From that decis-
is ion thegentleman takes an appeal, and the question
'I now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
1 thp judgment of the committee?"
| Mr ORR. I demand tellers.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
! Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
j Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported— .
' ayes 88, noes 36.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I rise to inquire
i whether an amendment, like the one I send up to
the Clerk's desk, is in order? If it is in order* I.
would be glad to offer it; but if it is ruled ot>t of
' order, I shall not take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows?
And to a private of the dragoons and mounted riflemen
eleven dollars, and to a privateof&e artillery and Inifentry
eleven dollars per month.
