970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
treaty had wo existence, to contend that these manifesta-
tions of {amines-* to him, bound the United States to pay-
ment in full of his demand upon Spain, if the tieaty should
ever be ratified.55
There is the answer of the Secretary of State
who negotiated that treaty.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my friend from
Tennessee allow me to say in reply, that whatso-
ever Mr Meade may have done, or Mr. Adams
may have responded to him, it was not included
in my argument. My remarks upon that point
were intended to meet a charge which has some-
times been made, and which J dare say will be
uttered here, to the effect that Mr. Meade made
his settlement by some collusion on the part of
the Government. That was all I intended. I did
not suppose that our Government was thereby
bound to prosecute the matter further, nor do 1
admit that Mr. Meade's case ought to have been
excluded from the treaty.
Mr. JONES. I did not know that any such
charge of collusion had been made. I do not
make any such; nor do I know why any such
charge should be made; for I suppose that the
Spanish Government, at the time they made this
seitlementpexpected at least to be able to pay the
money themselves.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not mean to impute
that the gentleman from Tennessee had made such
a charge. I merely meant to lodge that as a caveat
against anything of the kind.
Mr. JONKS. Here is the principle upon which
they nettled; and it poems that they did not settle
it exactly upon evidence, but upon a compromise:
" And, lastly, we do in reby certify, that, in compliance
with the above mentioned order of Ins Majesty, and having
employed on our part all the means that prudence could
sufitie-f, and sifter holding several conferences with the
concerned, we have compromised the matter, and agreed
that thett.rtUO,000 teals, tor damages and personal injuties
claimed by bun according to his reclamations, shall be re-
duced to r>,*U  1,50U i cal^ vcllon ; making the sum total due to
Mr. Meade, Jor his own claims and toi those ot the persoin he
repieseut«, reah and 11 matavedis, which amount
ho mint receive from the Koynl fmmice foi all his claim*
to puncipal and interest, (the lattei calculated down lo llu;
date ol the liquidation,) and lor the damages and pei *onal
lnjunes above mentioned, in tins oidei, viz: ,f>9j
reals and 7 ma :ivedis belonging to Mr Meade hun-ell ;
1,0(M, .'>< > i eaW belonging to Mr. John Dickson ; and tf'tl,b87
reah and 1 maruvedn v<Ilon, belonging to the American
citizen-'j consigned to M r Jnnn s Wat drop, as appeal s more
extensively and minutely tioiu theJor ummits oj pi oceedm«s,
to wlinh we reler ourselves ; and for the complete fulfill
mem of ihe roj al older above-mentioned, we give the pres-
ent certificate.
BRUNO VALLARIXO,
jo-k VASQUK'/ 1ui.lkstrkos,
Tin-; MAKQUls Dfc} I,AS ilKRMAZAS,
JUAN plokin.
MauKID, May 17, 1h20
The King has' been pleaded to approve tin-* liquidation.
Royvi, I'ai.A* r, May M , l>-JO.
*josk canga aruuhllrs.
Mr. Adams goes on, in his letter to Mr. Nelson,
and says, fm flier:
"'I'he principle of the tieaty n a enmpioim-5R of intad
justed claim'-. The principle o| the liquidation was pay-
mem in tull, with proline allowances foi intmest and dam-
ages; these, verv suitably [or Spain to make m acknowl-
edgment ol great services ot tin; claimant to her, were in no
wise proper lor the United State*, being under no such ob-
ligations to assume, nor could they as-ume them without
wrong toother claimant^, more entitled to iavoi from them,
though less from Spain, than Mr Meade. In that liquida-
tion it is abundantly shown, by Mr. Meade hiioselt, that
the'Spam-h mbunaH intended to discharge a debt ot Span-
ish giatmide, a- well as ot justice.; to remunerate service*,
a- well a- to tut till engagements, it is doubtlul whet In r any
othejH n{ the claim ants, under the tieaty, will obtain any
allowance lor inti-rc^t, even simple interest, upon the clear-
est and mo-t mvetciate of then demands. Mr. Meade's
hqiildati ') claim calls (or inU r**-t upon miriest on a debt of
half a million of dollai.-; compound interest accruing alter
the treaty was signed, and accumulating by the act ot Sp.un
h',r^cH, in withholding the stipulated latitication of tin;
treaty. Other claimants besides Mr. Meade, had been
wrongfully and far more i igoroush impi isoned bv authority
of the Spanish Government. Should they be paid at
the rate <;f nearly >10,000 u year Jor such detention, the
.^'o.OCOJlOO allotted to the settlement of the < laims. five times
doubled, would scarcely sulliee for then satisfaction. ri'o
complete the demonstration that Mr. Meade's liquidated
plana was not mclud< d in the treat}, let it be supposed that
the order, winch, in May, 18*20, he leccived upon the fundi
of the Royal Finance Depmtment, had been immediately
paid, and that the Sp.unsh Government had afterwaids rat-
ified the treaty as u did, Mr. Meade would a^nrcdlv then
have had no claim under the treaty ; and as little eotild the
Spnm&h Gov ej nrueni have churned repayment bv the United
States ot the money paid to Mr. Meade.
It does seem to me that this argument of Mr.
Adams is clear and conclusive; that is, that if the
Spanish Government, alter the claim had been
liquidated, had paid Mr. Meade, he of course
would have had no claim upon this Government I
read still further from this same letter, "and why
was not the order upon the Royal Finance Depart-
ment immediately paid?" Mr. Meade himself
has answered, that it was owing to the embarrass-
ments of the new revolution. He petitioned the
Cortes for immediate payment, and to designate
the mode of payment. But he could obtain no
definite resolution from the Cortes, till the 5th of
October, 1820, the day they decided in favor of
ratifying the Florida treaty; upon which occasion
Mr. Meade says:
u They ordered that my memorial should be united with
the papers relative lo the treaty, and submitted to the King,
in order to have it ascertained whethei the Amencun Gov-
ernment had consented to the introduction ot my individual
claim into the negotiation ol the treaty, and it so, that the
American Government had distinctly assumed upon itself
the paymontof my claim, and had wholly exonerati d Spam
from it; but if it should be found that my case had not been
taken into view by the negotiators, and was not distinctly
understood as t-mbruced m the, treaty stipulations, they, in
that case, decreed the immediate payment ot the debt by
the Spanish Government. Upon this reference limn the
Cortes, the Spanish Minister ot State pronounced an un
equivocal opinion that the debt had been di^Urutly and
Sf/etijically assumed by the United States in exoneration ol
Spain; or would be so upon the exchange ol the ratifica-
tion.''
u Here we see that the Cortes, when advising the ratifi-
cation of the tieaty before them, considered the assumption
by the United States ot Mr. Meade's claim as eutnely de-
pending On the question w hethel it had individually, dis-
tinctly, and speajit ally been tieated for in the negotiation
between Mr. Onis and the American Secretary of State.
This the Cortes did not know, vvitli the tieaty and all the
documents ot the negotiation befoiy them."
Then, sir, it was not until they had determined
to ratify this treaty that they pretended to give
Meade any satisfaction as to whether they would
pay his debt or not; and it was because, as Mr.
Adams says, and as Mr. Meade himself has
shown, ol the embarrassed condition of the Span-
ish Government. It was because they had not
the money at their disposal with which to pay the
claim. When it was ratified, they found it con-
venient to try to put Mr. Meade off for a time,
and to put him upon this Government for the pay-
ment of a debt which they were bound to pay.
Again, Mr. Adams feather says:
" Mr.Meade piocecdsin his memorial to say, 'the opinion
of the Minister wa< founded (as i was miormed from ht^h
uuthntity) upon tacts sutd to have been notoiious to the
negotiants of the treaty, and verified, as it u« vi*r/, by the
oihcial communication. < i Mr. Ohm to the Spanish Gov-
ernment, lo wit: that my claim had been introduced by
name into the discussion between Mi. Adams and Mr.
Onis, who dually agreed, m then i cr'ud cnnjeioirv^, lli.it it
should tie assumed and paid by the United State- ; that Mr.
Onis proposed the in-eition ot my name, and a specific
stipulation to that ellect in the tieaty ; but that Mr. Adams
thought it unnen'ssarj to do so, though be agtced to the
insertion ot a clause intended to compiehend my case, with-
out naming it, and to exonerate Spam itom the debt, with
the understanding, uevei theles-*, that it was to be specifically
assumed and paid by the United State-.' 1 shall not in-
quire how it happened that the Cones, with tliM fable said
to have been venfied bj ihe oflicial communications of
Mr. Onis |o the Spanish Government, before them, could
have icieiud it to the King, to asceir.un wheiher Mr.
Meade's claim had been as-uined by the United States or
not; nor how the Minister ot State, to whom it was again
relurred, should have been so uncertain with regaid to the
fact, as meiel) to give an opinion that the claim had been
specifically assumed by the United States, or icould he so,
upon the ejcfian«e vj fhc ratii'u ul.iows. Neither shall J ask
how it happened that Mr. Meade, at Madrid, in October,
1&20, with his claim liquidated and acknowledged, and
demanding immediate payment, when put oil with these
uncertainties ol the Cortes and the Minister, should have
contented himself with this information ti<un high authoi Uy,
of facts suM to have been notorious, and said to have been
vended by official ( ummumcalions ol Mr. Onis to his Gov
eminent, without demanding, as, under those eircunwauees
he had the unquestionable light, and the deepest interest to
do, authenticated copies ot these official communications of ■ i
Mi Oin-, to pioduei! them belore the Aineiieau Govern- j!
ment: (low it happened that tor lins onhj document which !'
could have givt n Mi. Meade tiie shadow ot a claim upon the 11
Ainei jean Government for specific &an<iaetion of his hqui- j
dated claim, he took at Madrid this infoj niation fiom high !
authority ol things said to hate been scud, and then comedo J
the United States, and called upon their President and :
Senate to palm upon the people ot this Union the payment |
of halt a million ol dollars, with interest, to in in, or to annul, i
by a conditional ratification, the Florida tteaty, with this
hearsay ot hearsay, foi the only color ot his demand. j1
" Hut the taoilm with which Mr Meade leceivcd upon |
tru-t tins infoimation from high uuthonty of an official doc- '
uinent which would have been the only admissible voucher |
lor his new claim upon the United States, is not the only '
surprising part ol this allegation in his memorial to the 1
I'tcsident. He says that the Spanish Mnu<tei ol State 1
pronounced an unequivocal opinion that the debt had been '
distinctly and s-pecifically assumed bj the United States, m |
exoneration of Spain, or would be so upon ihe exchange of
the lutijuatiuns. That it had not been, is now shown be- i
yond all power of iep|j, nor was it at the exchange of the j
ratifications Mr Meade, attei failing in the attempt to \
stay the lattfication of the United States, did apply to the ''
Spanish Minister then here. General Vives, to mak< some
k-u< h pc< ilie tcieictuc to His individual claim, which Gen j:
era! Vives explicitly declined. Theie was, indeed, no lJ
pretence upon which it could have been made, and the
tale which Mr. Meade had received from hi«h authority,
appears to be no other than a device to elude his importu-
nes for payment, and onlj proves the consciousness of
necessity tor resorting to fiction to give a show of coloring
to Mr. Meade's liquidated claim, as chargeable to the
United States."
Mr. Adams says, further:
"The subsequent liquidation and acknowledgment of
the Spanish tribunals gave Mr. Meade a new and entirely
distinct claim upon Spam. It was an order upon the
Spanish treasury for a specific sum of money, with interest
from May, 18:20. The effect of this transaction was to take
the claims of Mr. Meade entnely out of the treaty, and
Spam, bv the subsequent ratification of the treaty, without
noticing in any matmci this claim or its liquidation, gave
the United States some reason lor insisting, were they
disposed, that no provision for any part of it had been made
by the treaty ar all.
" But the rule of equity applicable to thi« case, and by
which Substantial justice may be done to all parties is this :
" Mr. Meade's claims, as existing and exhibited before the
signature of the treaty, are included in its provisions. Their
amount and validity must be proved to the Commissjoneis
conformably to the piovisions ot the treaty. The allow-
ance or n-jection ot every item in ihem must be determined
on principles applied by tin Commissioners to ail oilier
claims of a «imlar description before the ni. The sum finally
awarded to him must be subject to all the other provisions
of the treaty. To chaige the United States in the exact
proportion stipulated by the treaty, and to suffer deduction
from their admitted account, m common with al! ihe other
claims, as thev may be finally admitted. So lai have they
been assumed by the United States, andso far has Spain been
exonerated from them. For the balance of the sum which
Mr. Meade may thus receive from the United States to
equalize in amount the specific sum with interest, fiom
May, J8^0, awaided hirn by the Spanish liquidation, his
claim remains unimpaired upon the Spanish treasury. It
was never assumed or renounced by the United States—it
was never cancelled by Spain. For the decisions of her own
tribunals, subsequent to the signature of the treaty, Spain
alone inuU be responsible. The treaty alone mu'^t be the
standard to uhvti the decisions of the jimerican Commis-
••2ow><., and the obligations, of the United States must con-
form.*'
Mr. Chairman, I think any gentleman who will
take up and peruse this letter of Mr. Adams to
Mr. Nelson, upon this subject, will have sufficient
information to give him an insight into the whole
history of this claim, and determine him as to its
validity.
This is a claim which has been frequently con-
sidered upon this floor since I have been a member
of this House. The last time within my recollect
tion any action was taken upon it, was in 1848,
when it was dtscusscd at length. No report of
that debate is preserved, because the debates upon
private claims were not then reported at all. I
recollect, however, that it was discussed for three
or four days; and the Journal will show that when
it was reported to the House, a motion was made
to lay it upon the table, which was carried by a
very large majority-—] think by 118 to 38. From
that time to this, I believe, there has been no action
in this House upon this claim.
Mr. Chairman, as I said in the outset, if I
believed this Government was legally and equi-
tably bound to pay this debt, I,for one, should be
in favor of paying it to the last farthing. Such,
however, is not my impression.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have risen,
Mr. Chairman, to reply briefly to what the gentle-
man, who has just taken his seat [Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee] said on one of the points, which he
raised. This I can do most effectually by turning
against himself his most material witness—the
witness, among all he has summoned to his aid, on
whom he most relies. This witness is John duincy
Adams.
By our treaty with Spain, we exonerated her
from the payment of the claims of our citizens
upon her, and assumed to pay them ourselves, so
far as they were valid, and so far as $5,000,000
would be sufficient to pay them. The honorable
gentleman denies that the claim of Richard W.
Meade has a place among these claims. I main-
tain that it has. This is the issue between us.
To sustain himself he has quoted largely from Mr.
Adams. But the gentleman has, surely, in this
instance, allowed clouds to come into his very
clear brain, and hence he has seen one tiling for
another. What has he proved by Mr. Adams?
Why, that we are not held by the Spanish liqui-
dation of this claim—a liquidation subsequent to
the signing of the treaty, i admit that we are not
held by it. But I insist that we are bound to rec-
ognize the claim in spite of that liquidation. So
insisted Mr. Adams, as I shall prove by his words,
quoted from the same letter from which the hon-
orable gentleman quoted:
it was intended by the Government of the United
