1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§61
to be found at that time in the country. Mr. Ho-
zier went to him with a letter from Mr. Lowrie,
the then Secretary, who was the accredited agent
of this body. He obtained the&e goods, and they
were sent, not to Hozier, but to the Secretary of
the Senate. The Secretary received them, and
appropriated them to the use of this body. Now,
is there no moral obligation on our part to pay for
them? It is admitted that the claimant has never
been paid. Why should he not be paid?
Sir, there was gross negligence, if there was neg-
ligence anywhere, on the part of thethen Secretary
of the Senate, and he admits it. Re admits that
there was a fraud practiced by Hozter upon Mc-
Cauliay. Mr. McCaullay acted under the belief—
a belief inspired by the letter which Hozier had
from the then Secretary—that he was selling these
goods to the Secretary of the Senate, for the use of
the Senate, and not to Hozier. I have a right to
say so, because he shipped them to the Secretary.
And hence it seems to me there is a moral obli-
gation on the part of the Senate to pay for them.
This man, it is true, claims interest, but that the
committee have refused to allow. I think, how-
ever, it is nothing more than just, under the cir-
cumstances, that theprincipalsum should be paid.
Mr. BADGER. Were the committee unan-
imous in their report?
Mr. BRODHEAD. There was one exception,
I believe.
Mr. CHASE. I do not know of any excep-
tion.
Mr. BRODTIEAD. I am obliged to the Sen-
ator from Ohio for the correction. The committee
were unanimous at this session, but at the last
session I believe there was one dissenting voice.
I have stated the case in biief. The question is,
whether this body will take advantage of the
fraud of one of its own employees. For my part,
I do not feel disposed to do so, and I hope the
Senate wi!( agree with me.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the facts, Hozier was no otherwise an em-
ployee of the Senate than any other person who
contracts to furnish materials. Any person who
is a contractor for the Government—for instance,
the contractor for furnishing bricks 011 the Capitol
extension—is as much an employee of the Govern-
ment as Hozier was of the Senate. Mr. Lowrie
was Secretary of the Senate, arid he employed
Hozier to do this; work. In order to do tt, the
latter contracted with this man m Philadelphia,
who should have looked to Hozier for payment.
Mr, Lowrie was not responsible to McCaullay,
but to Hozier, with whom he made the contract.
When he furnished the materials which he had
contracted to furnish, Mr. Lowrie was bound to
pay him, without inquiring whether he had paid
his debts which he had contracted elsewhere or riot.
But what is the evidence'1 There is no evi-
dence in the case, as I understand, but that of the
claimant himself. I presume that if there were
any contract, it would appear somewhere upon
the books kept by the Secretary of the Senate. I
should think that some evidence of the contract
could be found. If it should be found, by refer-
ence to the books, that the contract was made
with Hozier to furnish materials, it is surely no
concern of ours where he bought them, or whether
or not he paid the persons from whom he bought
them. All that concerns us is to know whether
we paid the man from whom we engaged the ma-
terials. If we did, as it seems that we did, then
all has been done which we were bound to do.
Theie is no obligation, as the Senator from Ala-
bama has well said, either legally or morally, to
pav this third person, with whom we had nothing
to do.
Mr. FITZPATIUCK. Perhaps I made too
broad a statement when 1 said that this claim was
thoroughly investigated by the Senate during the
lust ResMon. I know that I never heatd of the
cupc until the last session. 1 did not know before
that there was such a claim m existence; and my
knowledge of n was derived from whaf occurred
in the Senate at that time It was backed then
by a favorable repoit from the Committee on
Claims, and hence favorably commended itself to
me. Jlut there were some exceptions to the pay-
ment of the money, and the claim underwent
more 01 less investigation—Midicient, ceitamly, to
lmpte^s on my nimd a strong comiction that it
should not be allowed; and I wa.' eeitam, when
this c;u>e came up tins morning, that it was the
same one which had been under consideration at
the last session.
Although I may not be strictly accurate in
stating all the facts, I am perfectly sure that the case
was investigated at sufficient length to satisfy the
Senate that the claim was not well founded, and
that the Government was not legally bound to pay 1
it. 1 will not undertake to say that I understand
the case in aii its ramifications; but, according to
my recollection of the facts as detailed then, and
as stated in the report now, my impression is, that
we reached at the last session the very point which
is now made, that the contract was with a thud
party, and the Government was not responsible
for the amount; and on that ground objection
was then made, and the case was postponed.
Now, sir, just look for a moment at the conse-
quences to which the allowance of this claim will
lead. Suppose a mail contractor on one of the
great routes North or South should employ a
stage driver, or any other person, to carry the mails
for him; that the Government pays the contractor;
but he becomes insolvent, and refuses to pay his
stage driver, 01* any other individual in his em-
ploy: will gentlemen undertake to say that the
Government of the United States is bound to pay
the stage driver and other persons having such
claims. Sir, for my life I cannot see the dilieience
between that and the case under consideiation.
As the gentleman from Virginia has said, there is
not a contractor who may not be consideied in
the same light as this individual, if he be regarded
as an employee of the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. I undeistand that Hozier
was an upholsterer in this city, not an officer of the
Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. He was the person
who got the contract here; and to execute his
contract he sent to Philadelphia, and agreed with
a gentleman theie for ceitam materials. That
gentleman has lost his money. That I regret;
but if the Senate pays a claim of this kind, we
shall be opening a very broad door for applica-
tions to this body and to Congtess for claims
which, if allowed, will bankrupt the Treasury.
1 know nothing of the case but from my recollec-
tion of it as it was discussed at the last session,
and from hearing the report now. Recollecting
it as I did, 1 made the broad statement that it had
been thoroughly investigated. It may not have
been fully discussed, but I know it was exam-
ined into, and the point now under considera-
tion was made, and on that point the case was
withdrawn, if 1 understood it correctly; and I did
not presume that it would ever be brought back
into this body, because I thought it seemed to be
the general impression of the Senate that the claim
was not a well founded one.
Mr. WELLER. This bill ought not to pass,
for this claim ought not to be allowed. It seems
to me to be such a flagrant case that no one can
contend that there is any justice in it. It appears ;
that ceitam articles were wanted for the convem- i
ence of the Senate. The Secretary went, as he 1
very naturally would, to an upholsteier in tins
city, and contracted with him to furnish those ar-
ticles. The Secretary obtained them from the
upholsterer, and paid for them; but it now turns
out that the upholsterer cheated the merchant m
Philadelphia from whom he obtained the articles.
That is the case. Are we bound to make good
the deficiency of the upholsterer? We directed
the Secretary to obtain the aiticles, and he paid
for them. If the upholsterer from whom he ob-
tained them cheated the merchant from whom he
purchased, there is no legal or moral obligation
resting upon us to pay him. It seems to me there
is no room for discussion in this case.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President* I desire merely
to say that I cannot of course have any knowl-
edge whether this claim is well founded or not;
but it is sufficient for me to know that it is 1 e-
ported as a good claim, unanimously, by a stand-
ing committee of tins body. Therefore I, for
one, conscious of my inability here to reexamine
the decision of that committee upon this private
claim, believing that the committees aie instituted
for the express purpose of making these investi-
gations upon private claims, because they can do
it much more satisfactorily, and have a much
better opportunity of arming at a ]ust lesult,
shall vote, as I habitually do, in support of the ;
unanimous report of the committee. But 1 wiih
certainly do it, when, upon the statement made ;
by my friend from Pennsylvania, it appears that,
so far from this being a clear case against the
claim, there is at all events \x-primafacie case in favor
of the claimant. This is not the case of a con-
tractor with the Senate going and purchasing arti-
cles for the purpose of carrying out his coniract,
and then failing to pay the seller. The contractor
went with a letter from the Secretary of the Senate
to the person who furnished the articles to him.
Mr. HCJNTER. I shall be very glad if the
Senator from North Carolina will produce that
letter.
Mr. BADGER. If the honorable Senator from
Virginia had attended to what I said, he would
have seen that he must apply to the gentleman
who reported this bill. I say this is the statement
which he makes. I do not call upon him to show
the letter. I do not call his veracity in question
about the fact. He reports this bill, and states to
me that these are the facts.
Mr. FTUNTFR. I do not call the veracity of
any one in question; but I am not aware that
there is any such statement.
Mr. BADGER. That is what the Senator from
Pennsylvania stated just now. I am not speaking
of the report, I am speaking of the verbal expla-
nation given of the bill by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. If I understand him correctly, that is
what he stated.
Mr. BRODHEAD. What I stated was this;
At the last session this bill was reported by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who
was specially instructed to examine the case. In
his report I find this language:
" In 1834, he was called upon by one Tsaac Hozier, rcp-
roseiitinji liunst-it, and believed to be, an agent of Walter
Lnwne, Humi Secretary of The United States Senate,
who required hi in to loruiMi a ceit.iinciu.iiiuty of morocco,
to tic (Wid lor covering the chairs in the Senate Chamber,
lie sa\s a Mr. Hozier exhibited a letter of Mr. Lnwne,
authoii&ui" him to make the purchase, and stated that he
cuuld diaw ori Mr. Lowrie for the amount."
That is the statement of the memorialist, as given
in the report of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
The memorialist deposed to the truth of the facts
set forth in his memorial, and other testimony is
introduced in order to show that Mr. Lowrie was
in the habit of authorizing the upholsterer to make
pui chases of materials as his agent. Mr. McCaul-
lay produced several original letters of J. K. Boyd,
who succeeded Mr. Hozier in doing the upholstery
for the Senate Chamber, in which Mr. Boyd dis-
tinctly claims to act under the instructions of Mr.
Lowrie, Secretary of the Senate. Mr. McCaullay '
brings these letters in corroboration of-the state-
ment that this man brought a letter to him, and
was not a mere contractor. If he had been a mere
contractor, the articles would have been sent by
Mr. McCaullay to him, and not to the Secretary
of the Senate, to whom they were m fact sent.
Mr. BADGER. Do the committee report that
they are satisfied the statement made by the peti-
tioner is correct?
I Mr. BRODHEAD. They do.
| Mr. BADGER. Then it is just as I stated. I
1 have got no letters to produce; I am urging no
! claim; I am acting as a member of the Senate on
{ the report of a committee.
j The cass was referred to the committee to ex-
i amine the evidence, and to report whether the
I evidence supports the claim and the facts in the
! petition. They say it does. I shall not under-
i take to reexamine what they have reported. If
what they have reported be true, so far from this
| being a baseless claim, I think it is a palpableand
h just claim on the honor of the Government. It
I 'seems that this man, who was authorized to con-
tract for this work, came with a letter from the
,i Secretary of the Senate to the manufacturer, to
i purchase articles for the benefit of the Senate.
The seller of the articles sold them, and they were
1 sent to the Secretary, and were used by him for
' the benefit of the Senate. Is it right for him, then,
to turn round and say to the party, " 1 his man,
: who carried the letter was the man with whom I
: have made a contract, and you must look to him for
your money?" It seems to me that this is a plain
'i case, calling for relief.
I "\Ir. WALKER. Theie seems to me to be
some confusion of ideas here in regard tn the facts
i presented, or the source whence the information
■ or testimony comes. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has read the first part of the report. 1 will
read it again:
