262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
•'The memorialist states that he was a manufacturer of
fine tnorocco in the city of Philadelphia."
Bear in mind this is the statement of the memo-
rialist.
(< In 1834 he was called upon by one Isaac Hozier, rep-
resenting himself, and believed to be, an agent of Walter
Lowrie, Inquire, then Secretary of the United. States Sen-
ate, Who requested hnn to furnish a certain quantity of
morocco, to be used for covering the chairs in the Senate
Chamber. He says Mr. Hozier exhibited a letter of Mi.
Low'Tie"—[this is what the claimant says Hozier did]—
" authorizing him to make the purchase, and stated that
he could draw ou Mr. Lowrie for the amount."
The first peculiarity is that he did not draw
on Mr. Lowrie for the amount. But now, after
having got at the source of the testimony and the
testimony itself, bearing m mind where it comes
from, that it is based on the representations of a
man who turns out to be fraudulent, and of the
claimant himself, let us come to the testimony of
Mr. Lowrie, for he, in plain terms, contradicts
the whole statement. The committee give his
Statement in these words:
"Mr. Lowiie states that he encased Hozier to furnish
the morocco, and paid him for it; that shortly alterwdidf,
Mr. McCaullay called, aud produced sausiuetory evidence
that he was an industrious and woithyinan; tnat he had ,
furnished the materials, and had not been paid for them, j
Mr. Lowrie adds: 'He was, fterhaps, the only inanufdcturer
but that it was not then within his power to atl'ord reltef.
in the United States at that time who could make the article
required; and, after much labor, the eifou-5 ot Ins skill aud
industry were taken fiom hiin by the fraud of another.'
This statement is dated Januaiy 523, 1850."
Now, when we come to arrive at the fact
whether there was privity of contract between the
Senate and Mr. McCaullay, we must refer to the
only one who can give correct testimony on the
subject, and that is Mr. Lowrie. He denies in
express terms that there was any privity of con-
tract. He expressly says that he contracted with
Hozier for the delivery of the morocco, and that
he paid Hozier for it.
Mr. Lowrie, from the expressions which he
uses, evidently regrets, as all must do, that Mr.
McCaullay did not receive the money; hut can
we come forward and undertake to be guarantors
or insurers for every individual who may perpe-
trate such a fraud ? I regret exceedingly the vote
which I shall have to give on this subject, but f
do conscientiously believe that this bill involvesa
precedent which it would be very dangerous to
establish. 1 know of so many cases ot equal
hardship that I cannot see how it can he possible
for the Senate to stop here if they take this step.
Mr. 1>ADGER. If there is any confusion of
ideas upon the subject of this case, I have not
fallen into them; and my friend from Wisconsin
has not met the ground upon which I say the
case is made by the report, independ-
ently, too, of the weight that I attributed to the
opinion of the committee. He says that this is,
in fact, the case of a contract made by the ►Secre-
tary of the Senate wiih Hozier; that the purchase
was in fact one made by Hozier to enable him to
carry out the contiact. There is no doubt, no
question, about that at all, because if it had not
been so, it would have been impossible for any
man in the world to say that the claimant is not
entitled to relief. But the giound upon which the
committee place the bill, as I understand from
their report, and from the verbal statement of the
honorable Senator who reported it, is this: that
Hozier came to the claimant with a letter from Mr.
Lowrie to him, [Hozier,] in which it was stated
that he was authorized to make the purchase, and
that lie might draw upon Mr Lowrie, the Secre-
tary, for the money. It was an act of imprudence
on the part of Mr. Lowrie to give such a letter.
It was calculated to mislead, and did mislead, the
man who furnished the articles, and who supposed
that he was furnishing them to the Senate, that
Hozier was a person acting for the Senate, and
that he was to be paid by the Senate. Now, as I
mentioned, the only matter upon which any doubt
can be raised is, is this statement true? The
committee say they have looked into the evidence
brought to support it, and that it is true. I am
notgoing behind that report. If I cannot have
sufficient respect for the unanimous report of a
committee of this body, who say they have as-
certained that fact correctly, I think it is idle to
com§.here.
Mr. CHASE. My colleague, who is upon the
Committee on Claims, reported this bill last year.
It has undergone the careful revision of the Com-
mittee on Claims this year, and the committee are
unanimously in favor of it. I am very glad to see
the care and determination with which the Sena-
tors from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpatrick] and Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] guard the Treasury. It is
very highly commendable in them. But 1 do not
think that this case will form such a precedent as
they seem to be of the opinion it will.
We rest the case upon this simple ground, that
Mr. Hozier bore a letter from the Secretary of the
Senate to this mechanic in Philadelphia, and upon
the strength of that letter obtained the goods. It
is true the letter is not in existence, but the state-
ment in respec.t to the representations made by
Mr. Hozier to this mechanic, which appeared be-
fore the committee, satisfied them of its existence
once, and they so reported to the Senate. When
the goods were actually applied to the use of the
Senate, this individual came here and asked for
their payment. He was then told that Hozier had
absconded, and he could not be paid. But the
Secretary went on and used the goods for thevery
chairs on which we sit, and now the mechanic
asks for the payment of his bill. I think he ought
to be paid. I do not think it will form any dan-
gerous precedent.
I trust the Senate will act upon it without further
discussion; for the value of the time which we
are consuming m the debate is more than the whole
amount of the appropriation.
Mr, HUNTER. The Senator from North Car-
olina says, if 1 understand him, that we should
not go behind the report of a committee; that we
ought to take it as conclusive.
Mr. BADGER. I did not say anybody was
bound to do so. I simply said I would do it.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be a good rule for the
Senator from Noith Carolina, it is certainly good
for the rest of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. 1 think it is a good rule.
Other gentlemen may differ from me.
Mi. HUNTER. A rule is either good or bad.
If this nile is good for the Senator from North
Carolina, it is good for therestof theSenate; and
1 say if that be the case, it is useless to consider
bills reported from a committee at all. We had
better pass them all m a lump. But the Senator
from North Carolina carries this doctrine a little
further than I have ever heard it carried before.
We are not only, accoidmg to him, to take up
the conclusion, and vote for the bills reported by
committees, but we are to be governed by no other
reasons; and although they may show us that a
bill was reported without evidence, or upon prin-
ciples which we may deem improper, we are not
to consider those principles or examine that evi-
dence, because he says he will not go behind the
report; and he will not only not go behind it, but
he will not enter into it. Sir, in this case it is
evident that he has not read the report. First he
got up and based the case upon this letter, and it
turns out that theletter is not in existence. What
evidence have we that any such letter ever ex-
isted? None at all but the oath and statement of
the man who makes the claim.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, he is mistaken. In the
report of the committee be will find the following:
"William Root swears that he was the salesman of
McCaullay at the time, aud has continued to be *o; that
Ilozier ie pn^-etited ImijM-lf as acting tor Mr. Lowrie, riec-
retarv ot' the Senate, and by such representation obtained
the goods."
There is also other testimony quoted in the
report to the same effect.
Mr. HUNTER. That Hozier so represents
himself, but not that they saw the letter. If there
had been any letter authorizing Hozier to buy for
the Secretary of the Senate, is it to be supposed
that this man would have slept on his claim so
long? That would have been a sufficient voucher.
Tie had nothing to do but to pioduce it. Take
the testimony as it is given here, that this man
was deceived—probably he was—and that Hozier
deceived him; but did Hozier deceive that man
on account of any fault of the Senate or of the
Secretary of the Senate? And is the Senate bound
to foot the bill? Surely not. The only testimony,
or at least the main testimony, then, which we
have, and upon which we are called to act, is the
affidavit of the claimant himself. Will the Senator
from North Carolina say that he does not choose
to consider whether it is proper to rely upon the
testimony which the claimant may bring in his
own case ? Surely we ought to require something
like proof of the facts before we undertake to act
upon them. And, sir, how does he undertake
to help it out? Not by proving that Mr. Lowrie
was m the habit of authorizing Hozier to purcnase
for him and for the Senate, but that he was in the
habit of authorizing another man, Mr. Boyd, to
purchase for himself and for the Senate. That is the
sort of proof upon which we are called to act. Does
any man believe if Mr. Lowrie had given Hozier
a letter by which he was authorized to purchase
these materials for the Senate, a letter which Ho-
zier could have exhibited in Philadelphia, that
this man would not have come forward when the
facts were fresh, and the loss recent, and applied
to be paid ? Sir, if he had done so he would have
been paid. The letter would have been sufficient
ground upon which to have rested the claim; but
nothing of the sort appears here now—nothing at
least sufficiently proved; and now, years after the
transaction, when Mr. Lowrie, 1 suppose, is dead
—when there is nobody here to make known to
us the real state of the facts—the case is brought
forward, and it is proposed that we shall pay
upon such a statement as this.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Virginia
seems to have become quite animated on this sub-
ject. He is very right m doing so. fie is at the
head of the Committee on Finance, and, as such*
holds for this body the keys of the Treasury.
He says that I have not read the report, and that
1 first began by referring to the letter. 1 endeav-
ored to explain to the Senator, if he had listened
to me, that I was not speaking about the report,
but about the verbal statement made by the Sena-
tor who reported the bill. That is what I said,
and how does he answer it? He says that the
letter is not produced. He says that I hold the
doctrine that if the committee were to make a re-
port which, upon ita face, shows no just claim, I
would go for it. I have not said so; but I said
this, and I repeat it: I have always abided by,
and always will abide by, the conclusion of a com-
mittee when they make a report of an existing
state of facts, they having had the evidence and
come to the conclusions to which they supposed
the evidence justified them in coming. When
that is the case, I will not undertake to be wiser
than the committee in coming to a conclusion.
That is what I said, and I repeat it.
But I said, further, that in this case, according
to the statement of the honorable Senator, there
was a prima facie case. The Senator from Vir-
ginia says that if there was a letter, it would have
been produced. Sir, we do not know that. There
have been many letters in the world which cannot
be produced. This man says he had a letter. The
fact is proved by persons who wer£ employed by
him in his business, that Hozier applied to him,
and represented himself to be an agent of Mr.
Lowrie, the Secretary of the Senate; and the com-
mittee, upon the whole, were of the opinion that,
putting the circumstances together, it was a fair
and reasonable conclusion that the statement that
there was such a letter was true; and is it not?
I ask you, sir, is not that a reasonable conclusion?
Hozier goes to the claimant for the purpose of
purchasing the articles for the Senate. It was
natural that he should take a letter; it was proper
that he should take a letter; it was reasonable that
he should take a letter; it was reasonable that the
person to whom he applied would expect him to
produce some evidence if he sustained that relation
to the Secretary of the Senate; and what it is
reasonable to presume he would have done, upon
the facts proved that he represented himself to be
the agent of the Secretary of the Senate, the
claimant says he did; and Mr. Lowrie does not
deny it. Mr. Lowrie says, iri point of fact, that
Hozier was a contractor; but he does not say that
he did not authorize him to apply to the claimant.
He docs not say that he did not give him a letter
to apply to him. He says not one word to con-
tradict the statement which the committee say
they infer to be true from the collateral circum-
stances in addition to the statement of the claim-
ant. That is the case.
Now, the honorable gentleman from Virginia
will, of course, govern himself by what rule he
pleases. He may deny and dispute the report of
every committee upon every claim, small or great.
He stands here to discharge his high duty unon
his own responsibility. I do not pretend to dic-
tate to him. I have no right to do so. I will, how-
ever, pursue the course that I have suggested. I
