1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon those revenues at -that time; and then there
has been the accruing interest since 1852, up to
this period. Then,leaving out of view thevahdity
of the decision of the Attorney General made since
1852, there will be an amount of $3,000>000t
which we are under some sort of obligation, it)
public law, public honor, and honesty, to pay;
unless the State of Texas complies with her obli-
gation. She has assumed" to pay those debts,
either under the compact, or under her-agreement
to the act of 1850, by which we appropriated
$5,000,000 for the purpose of paying that class of
creditors; but we know that Texas has refused to
do it. 1 understand that the argument of the
honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] yes-
terday, was made mainly with reference to vindi-
cating the "course, the character, and the honor of
his State for her refusal to comply with her stip-
ulations. I will not go into that. 1 dare say tne
honorable Senator is perfectly right in suppos-
ing that this Government, in the circumstances
in which we were placed, and from various causes,
did not comply with treaty stipulations in regard
to freeing the terutory of Texas from the depre-
dations of certain Indiana. I believe the gravamen
of his complaint was, that we sent down the Caddo
Indians into the Texas territory in violation of
treaty; but that is neither here nor there, in regard
to this question.
The point which I wish to reach is, as to the
amount we should pay; whether we are restricted
to $5,000,000 and interest upon it, or not? The
question is, whether that is the only obligation
we acknowledge, or choose to acknowledge; be-
cause, as I view this subject, it will be an assump-
tion entirely; for we have the power to do as we
please, and thei e is no tribunal on earth to bring us
to account. We cannot be brought into a court
of chancery, or any tribunal whatever, to say
whether we are bound. We assume that we are
bound. Some of the gentlemen who spoke yes-
terday, as I understand, contended that we were
bound for no greater sum than the $5,000,000
and interest upon it. Some gentlemen, more lib-
eral than others, perhaps, were willing to pay
interestup to the 1st of January next. But I say,
here are $8,000,000, for which we are bound just
as much as we were for the original $5,000,000,
unless Texas chooses to pay the amount, and
that at this date it reaches about $9,000,000,
independently of that class of claims which the
Attorney Geneial has decided comes within the
same principle, and which, if included, would make
the amount for which we are liable at this time,
$10,000,000.
Now, the proposition of this bill is to appropri-
ate $8,500,000. That will not pay all the claims
of that class of creditors whom you are bound, 1
think, according to public law, to pay. You do
not propose to pay the whole amount of their
debts, but to appropriate only these $8,500,000,
■which will pay them about seventy cents in the
dollar of their claims, as 1 understand. I should
like honorable Senators, who have investigated the
subject, to tell me how that is?
Mr. CHASE. The sum appropriated by the
bill is to be divided pro rata among all the credi-
tors.
Mr. BELL, That is what. I supposed. That
amount, as I understand, will give them about
seventy cents on the dollar. What sort of equity or
justice is there in it? You do not pay the whole
amount. You choose to adopt, in part, the scale
assumed by the State of Texas herself. Why,
sir, that does not discharge us. We are not dis-
charged, either by the compact or by the creditors
from any oriiginal obligation which we came under
by public law when that country was annexed to
this Union under our Constitution. We were
not discharged in either event, but we trusted to
the good faith of Texas to pay that debt. We sup-
posed there was a sufficient fund provided for the
purpose, but we have, since that time, agreed to ap-
propriate $5,000,000 from otherconsiderations: but
that does notdischarge us any more than the other,
for these creditors were not parties either to the
compact by which Texas was ceded to the United
States, or to the agreement made in 1850, by
which we appropriated $5,000,000. On what
principle, then, is it assumed, as several honorable
Senators did yesterday,that we are underno obli-
gation to pay more than the $5,000,000? It can be
on no other ground but on the assumption that as
we agreed to pay $5,000,000, and to relieve Texas
of that amount of her obligations under her
compact of annexation, that discharged us from
any obligation to the creditors. Surely, there is
no ground to say that if we were under any obli-
gation whatever, the payment of these $5,000*000
discharged us from the obligation to pay any other
creditors who existed, of the same class, over and
above the $5,000,000.
Now, sir, these are the propositions: In 1852
there were $8,000,000 of these debts, and now
there are $9,000,000, independently of the recent
class of cases included by the late opinion of the
Attorney General; and if you appropriate this
amount of money, you do not pay those olaims;
you do not even pay the principal, to say nothing
of the premium talked of yesterday, of fourteen
per cent, on the stocks proposed to be issued, it
is not a gratuity, in any sense of the word, if you
pay the whole amount; but this will not pay the
interest from this time forward, and will not an-
ticipate the interest until the expiration of the four-
teen years; but it will only pay seventy cents on
the dollar. Suppose they do not agree to take
this, and release us, what then ? They have not
released us. It is now four years since this ques-
tion has been presented to Congress, and we
have not been released. 1 do not know that there
is one man whom I represent upon this floor
directly interested in these claims at all, certainly
no agent for these claims has made application
to me upon the subject, except upon my own in-
terrogatory when 1 yesterday met a gentleman
in the lobby, and he gave me no details. The
inquiry was merely accidental. I have gone into
no investigation of it myself at any time; but the
debate yesterday somewhat surprised me; for I
was not informed of some particulars which were
then produced. I did not remember that in 1852
it was only proposed to pay seventy cents on the
dollar in any proposition that was then made.
Now, sir, 1 wish to have light on this subject.
The Senator from Maryland says, the whole
amount paid will be only seventy cents on the dol-
lar, and that in 1852, it was $8,000,000, principal
and interest; now it" nearly amounts to $9,000,000
upon the claims as they existed then. Why, sir,
I have heard it said, though I cannot vouch for it,
that $12,000,000 or $13,000,000 was the amount, j
If 1 am wrong in the statement which 1 have made, 1
1 should be glaa to be corrected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 do not desire sir, to dis- j
cuss this question, but simply to state, m a few j
words, the legal propositions which, m my judg- i
ment, are involved in it, and which will control my i
voie. 1 shall not argue them, but simply state J
them. The people of Texas were smuggling for j
their freedom. It became necessary that the State j
should raise money. They borrowed from citizens i
of the United States principally, and for the re- j
payment of that money, they pledged their reve- i
nues and all their public property. By theuse of j
that money they acquired their independence, ii
After acquiring theirindependence by treaty, they
were annexed to the United States by the agree-
ment of annexation. The United States took
from Texas the right to these revenues, which
had been previously pledged to the creditors, and
left to Texas the public lands alone as the fund i;
out of which the debt should be paid. The Umjgd >
States contracted with Texas that Texas shdikd 1
pay the debt, but the creditors never consented to
that agreement. • j
At a subsequent pei iod theUnited States bought |
from Texas a portion of the land, (which, hy the 1
terms of the contract remained pledged for the
debt,) for $10,000,000. The United States have
paid out. of that money $5,000,000 to Texas, but f
have reserved $5,000,000 to be paid over to Texas ,
when the creditors of Texas shall release this ,
Government from the obligation, which it was ,
supposed rested on it, to pay the debts for which
the revenues were pledged, because the revenues ]
had been taken from Texas by this Government. 1
It turns out that the $5,000,000 are insufficient, j
TheUnited States, therefore, took away the public
revenues which were pledged for the debt, and I
also the land which was bound for the debt, and !:
paid one half the price to Texas, and appropriated jj
none of it to the creditors. In other words, they ;j
have taken both funds. Under these circum- i
stances the proposition is made by the creditors of
Texas, that m order to get something for the debt, |j
which has been running so many years without jj
payment, they will promise a release'to theUnited -
States on the payment of seventy cent* on
j dollar. - * * '• . ■--/
► Mr, MASON. The facts stated by the Senator
I from Louisiana are very true; but I differ from
i him totally in the conclusions which hehas4rawu
j from those facts. Now, sir, I apprehend nonS
! will deny that the State of Textfs and the'Statfc of
• Texas alone, is competent to settle "with -
| tors, to determine its own debt. As an incitfeni
| to its sovereign power, the State of Texas a&ne .
I is competent to determine its-own debtyarid-ift
making an arrangement for the payment of- chat
debt, or any disposition of it, the State of Texas
alone is competent. What has Texas don&? She
has entered into a compact with the United States
j1 by which, whether the United States were or
j' were not liable m equity, they certainly were not
jl liable at law for any portion of this debt. Texas
; has entered into a compact with the United States
; by which it is stipulated that upon the payment of
j these reserved $5,000,000, those creditors who
j claim that they have an obligation of some sort
j. upon the'United States, will release the United
States from its compact with the State of Texas,
jj Whenever the creditors, who claim that th«.Uni-
; ted States is under obligation to pay them,-will-
; release the United States, the United Stales.has
i engaged toTexas-to pay her that $5,000,00£, with
; interest at five percent, upon it. The fund is ready
to be paid in a moment, and has been ready for
! 'four years and a half.
; What is the objection to the payment to the
\1 State of Texas, who alone, under the compact,
I' could receive it? The objection is, that Texas
i; has not furnished from her creditors the previous
i: condition. The only obligation madein the world
i is on the partof theUnited States topaytoTexas
$5,000,000, with five per cent, interest upon it
whenever the condition is complied with by the
• release of the United States. What is the prop-
: osition mode by this bill? It is proposed that'in-
| lieu of paying that $5,000,000 with interest, .we
I shall pay $5,000,000 with the interest that has
! accrued to it, which, I understand from the Sen*
• ator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] will, on the
. first of January next, amount to $6,500,000. I
! have a clear conviction that on the first of January
| next we are bound to pay $6,500,000 to "Texas.
! We are bound to pay the principal of the debt
with the accrued interest upon it, whatever it may
j be; but we are asked further not only to pay that,
but, inasmuch as we are now redeeming our public
stock at a premium, that in paying the $5,000,000
with interest, we shall pay the premium upon it
! which that stock will command in the market. -
i Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him ? The bill does not propose to give
any premium at all. The Senator from Indiana,
in his argument, said that the amount of our liability
now was so much for principal and interest, and
that if we now redeemed the stock at the premium
which the Secretary of the Treasury allows, we
should have to pay so much more. He did not
say it was proposed to pay the premium. We
propose to pay the principal and interest for the
whole time the bonds have to run.
Mr. M A SON. That does not make $8,500,000.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir, it does.
Mr. MASON. Then I received false informa-
tion, because the report, which accompanies the
bill, certainly makes the premium enter into it, if
I read it aright. What we owe is the $5,000,000
, with interest—the interest which has accrued up
, to the time of payment. They ask that we shall
pay, not only the interest up to the time of pay-
ment, but that we shall pav in advance the inter-
est which shall have accrued when the time of pay-
ment arrives. And why? For what reason ? We
are under no obligations to the creditors of Texas,
none 'hat I see or recognize; and if there were any
. existing, the State of Texas, which is competent
to determine her own debt, has agreed to receive
a sum inconsolido for some acquittance to be given
I to the United States. • But if we pay the interest
which will accrue up to 1864, we shall make a
most extraordinary bargain so far as financial mat-
ters are concerned. #
Now, as to the creditors of the State of Te-xas^
those who held this scrip. I happen to Ijcno.w-some
of them, and for those whom I knpw^njy sym-
pathies have been very strongly engaged. Two of1
them are ladies whose petition i presented, asking
the United States to pay the money, i knowtheh-
condition, and that o.f others; -but £ am noi at
