1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
will have sufficient respect for the intelligence and
known integrity of the gentlemen composing the
Committee on Claims, who say that on sitting
down quietly in.their room, they have examined
the testimony in the case, and think certain facts
are borne out. I do not require the evidence in ;
this case to be sufficient to convict a man upon a !
capital offense. I shall be content upon my own
responsibility, while 1 neither dictate nor advise
any other man to pursue the same course, to vote
for the claim as the committee have reported it.
Mr. WALKER. It does seem to me to be
strange that the honorable Senator from North
Carolina should look at this case in the way he
does. Not only is it asserted here that Hozier
was a fraudulent man; not only is it the fact that
is now suspected and now asserted, but Mr. Mc-
Caullay says himself that, before the execution of
the order, he suspected him. According to the re-
port of the committee—
" He says, a Mr. Hozier exhibited a letter of Mr. Lowrie, '
authorising inm to make the purchase, and stated 111 at lie [
could draw on Mr. Lowrie for the amount." j
Take the statement up to that point; and if he
had contracted with the Secretary of the Senate
through Hozier, as his agent, when he had fur-
nished his materials, would it not have been a
natural business transaction to call on Mr. Hozier
for a draft on Mr. Lowrie to get the money?
Certainly. Was any draft drawn ? No. Why
was it not? Here is the explanation, as agam
stated in the report of the committee:
" He accordingly furnished the uoods, and shipped them
to Mi. Lowrie. When he was about to draw for the
amount" 
Note this:
"Mr. Hozier again came to Philadelphia with another
letter from Mr. Lowrie, and ordered an additional quantity
ot skins."
Now, recollect this is the statement of McCaul-
lay.
" Before he had completed this order, he suspected fraud
in Hozier, and went to Washington to get his pay."
He did not call upon Mr. Hozier for the draft;
but suspecting him, before the order was executed,
came on to Washington.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. Hozier was not to make
the draft. •
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir, that is McCaullay s
own statement. The report continues:
« When he was informed by Mr. Lowrie ' that it was a
hard case that he should be wronged out ot his just claim,'
or words to that effect; but that the price of the floods had
already been paid Mr. Hoziet, who had disappeared."
This same person calls in witnesses to prove
his statement, and it seems we are to found our
actions upon that statement and the depositions
of witnesses, who would probably state the facts
as strong as possible in favor of Mr. McCaullay.
Mr. Lowrie says he engaged Mr. Hozier to fur-
nish the morocco, and paid him. Under such
circumstances it is astonishing to me that we
should be called upon to make good the loss of
Mr. McCaullay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BRODHEA D called for the yeas ar.d nays
on the question of ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as
follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Badser, Brodhead, Chase, Everett,
Fish Foot, fVttit, Sewaid, Sumner, Thomson of New Jer-
sev. Wade, and Wnglit—13.
X^YS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Benjamin,
Brown CaW Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, 'uouulas, Evan,., Fitzpamck, Geycr, Hamlin,
Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Slidell, Small, Toombs, Walker,
and Weller—21.
MARY E. D. BIANET.
'The next bill considered as in Committee of the
Whole was the bill for the relief of Mary E. D.
Bianey, widow of the late Major George Blaney.
The bill authorizes the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to pay to Mary E. D. Bla-
ney, widow and administratrix of the late George
Blaney, the sum of one thousand one hundred
and fifty-six dollars and sixty-eight cents, being
for interest on money belonging to her, and with-
held by an erroneous decision of officers of the
Government.
Major Bianey was an officer of the corps of
Fmted States topographical engineers, and^ for
the fortifications at Oak Island and Cape Fear river,
in North Carolina, and was required to act as dis-
bursing officer, and as assistant commissary of
subsistence at those points, for which he claimed
commissions and compensation to the amount of
$6,40] 48, which was disallowed by the accounting
officers of the Treasury. It appears that at the
time of his death, he had on deposit in the bank
of Fayetteville, North Carolina, to his credit,
£3,182"55, of which amount §2,438 12 was claimed
as his private funds, and lor which he gave a
check to the petitioner. On presentation of the
check, payment was declined until the Depaitmerit
had been consulted. The acting Secretary of War
directed that the money in the bank, standing to
the credit of Major Blaney, should be carried to
the credit of the Treasurer of the United States,
which was accordingly done.
After the decision ill the parallel case of Ma-
jor Delafield, in 1844, where the legality of simi-
lar charges was brought before the circuit court
for the district of New York, and sustained by
Judge Betts, (which decision was confirmed by
an equal division of the bench of the Supreme
Court,) the charges of Major Blaney were allowed
by the accounting officers, so as to leave a balance
to his credit of j,l,606 50, which sum was paid to
the petitioner on the 15th March, 1847. On this
sum, so withheld for a period of nearly twelve
years, interest, amounting to $1,156 68, is
claimed.
The petitioner urges, " in behalf of herself and
her orphan children," that her case is not the or-
dinary one of a debt due by the United States for
services performed, but one in which money
belonging to her was forcibly taken by a high
officcr of the Government and applied to the pub-
lid use, and " wrongfully and illegally withheld
from her " for a long period of time.
The petitioner also prays the passage of a law
directing that such further allowances be made in
the accounts of her late husband, as come within
the rule laid down in the decision of the Delafield
case. These appear to consist of charges for ad-
ditional compensation for services as assistant
commissary of subsistence at Oak island and
Cape Fear river, at #20 per month, amounting to
$2,744, and a difference of $310 45 between the
sum claimed and that allowed for disbursements
at Cape Pear river.
As these items have been rejected by the ac-
counting officers, after a careful revision of the
subject, subsequently to the decisions in the cases
of Major Delafield and General Gratiot, and have
decided that "the duty [of acting assistant com-
missary of subsistence, for which the charges are
made] constituted an essential branch of the extra
service assigned him, for a faithful performance of
which, on his part, the regulations provided a
specific compensation, in the form of a per diem
or commission," the committee did not perceive
any good grounds for a special allowance in this
case,°so far as the extra compensation is concerned;
but they were of opinion that, under the circum-
stances of this case, the claimant is entitled to in-
terest on the amount withheld by the Government.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the
a third readu
for twenty-five years next preceding the year 1846,
the contract would have afforded a moderate profit
only. Daniel Winslow entered into the contract
as a part of his regular business, and not on a
speculation. In November, 1845, the year pre-
ceding the contract, he was able to pack beef at
$7 per barrel, but soon after the execution of the
contract, in the fall of 1846, prices began to rise,
and in October, of that year, beef was worth $8
to §8 25 per barrel; in December, from $11 to &12
per barrel; and in January and February, 1847, it
went up to $13 50, and soon after to $14 and $15
per barrel. It is stated that this rapid and unusual
advancement of prices was induced by the prog-
ress of the Mexican war, and the occurrence of
the famine in Ireland, which produced an extraor-
dinary and unlooked for demand for provisions
for exportation.
It further appears that Mr. Winslow, with the
view of fulfilling his contract, whatever might be
the consequences to himself, continued to purchase
all the cattle he could obtain, until the actual cost
of the beef reached $12 per'barrel, making a loss
to the contractor of $4 12j upon each barrel, or
about thirty-three per cent. He had not the capi-
tal required to enable him to overcome these diffi-
culties; and, after having furnished about three
hundred and fifty barrels, he failed, and became
hopelessly insolvent. In furnishing the residue
of the beef embraced in the contract, the United
States paid $8,061 75 more than the contract
price—having paid from $12 94 to $14 50 per
oarrel: and for that sum, with costs and interest,
judgments have been rendered, by consent of par-
ties, to satisfy which the entire property of the
aged father of the contractor, consisting of a small
homestead farm, has been set off to -the United
States. The object of the petition is to relieve
this property of the surety, and avoid the neces-
sity of turning an aged and venerable family,
chargeable with no fault, houseless and penniless
upon the world. .
Believing' this to be a case of unusual hardship,
the committee are anxious to afford relief, if it
can be done upon safe and equitable principles.
In cases of contracts like the present, the com-
mittee thought the following rules might be safely
observed: 1st. Where the contractor enters into
thecontract in good faith, with a reasonable assur-
ance, founded on competent knowledge of past and
present prices of the article contracted to be fur-
nished, that thecontract can be performed by him
in strict accordance with its terms; and, 2d. Where
the rise in prices is such as could not have been
foreseen or anticipated by prudent persons ac-
quainted with the business; and, 3d. Where the
contractor performs his contract in good faith, and
with due skill, energy, and diligence, to the extent
of his means and ability, that then an equitable
case arises for relief.
j In this case the Government suffered no other
! loss than the failure to realize the entire profits of
I a good bargain. The beef which the contractor
I failed to supply was purchased at its fair market
' value. The Government paid no more than mdt-
the time for the same
viduals were paying at
. article; and the contractor not only did not make
.nate, ordered to be engrossed for L a proon the quantity furnished by him, but,
was read a third time, and passed. on t)le contrary, he lost not merely his time and
r>A\MF( WINSLOW l! trouble, but a large amount of money, by which
„ DAMEL WIJ.SLOW. _ U he was rendered insolvent. He appears to have
The Senate next considered as in Committee or ;i uge(j every effort in his power faithfully to fulfill
*** I i .( I..1I f... il. . (Ua Mixatioa ! I _ . * 1 i.JI   
u the be
eadmg, i
Unit
eevt;
■was employed in sup
the Whole, the bill for the relief of the sureties of
Daniel Winslow. It proposes to release Daniel
Winslow and James N. Winslow, and their legal
representatives, and the real and personal property
of each, from all judgments, and from all liens and
incumbrances of judgments in favor of the United
States, obtained against them in any district court
of the United States, as security for Daniel Wins-
low: the costs of the suits, however, are to be first
paid by the Winslows.
On the 29th September, 1846, Daniel Winslow-
as principal, and the only party in interest, and
David Winslow and James N. Winslow as sure- s, ^ amendment wmcn i uesire m.
ties, entered into contract with tne Chief of the j, which I think ought to be adopted.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing to deliver at ™
' 11.1. Q<3 additional section:
| the navy-yard in Charlestown, Massachusetts,
j eighteen hundred barrels of navy beef, between
1 tiie 1st of January and the 15th of June, 1847, at
! the price of $7 87 J per barrel.
The regular business of Daniel Winslow and of
his father had been that of packing beef for forty
eevurrtl vfars nrevumslv to his death, m lc?35, be ms f ro - .
6 5 • pel-intending the erection of :| years; and, upon an average price of navy beef
,. his contract, and was prevented by circumstances
'! wholly beyond his control, and which could not
ji have been foreseen. He does not, however, ask
! to be remunerated for his losses; but that his sure-
!i ties, to whom no fault can be attributed, shall be
ii saved from utter ruin, after he has sacrificed his
entire property, and from which the Government
!. has derived a benefit.
ii Relief was granted by Congress to the sureties
i! of Peter Yarnell, in 1844, under similar circum-
I am not opposed to the bill;
endment which I desire to offer
a,iu I think ought to be adopted. It
is to add the following as an additional section:
he tf further cnaded, That the provisions of this
acf "halt also apply W the benefit of Sylvester Petubone,
of Wisconsin.
The case thus designed to be provided for by
the amendment is of this kind. This old gentle-
man, Pettibone, is a resident of Mihvavskie,
stances.
: Mr. WALKER.
