1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
erty to consult my sympathies for these people,
•when I am dealing with a public trust; and I am
dealing herewith a public trustonly. I can know
none but the State of Texas, ana the contract made
with the State of Texas. This application .does
notcomefrom her, as I understand it; but it comes
from the creditors of Texas. They ask us to in-
terpose ourselves between Texas and her creditors,
and pay the money directly to them.
Mr. President, the bargain was a bad one when
made—I mean a bad one on the part of the United
States. I am not aware that there existed any
liability to pay this money. I deny that, under
the terms of the bargain, any liability is to be
implied; but, be that as it may, the contract is
made, and we must comply with it, and that is to
pay $5,000,000 with five per cent, interest on it,
when Texas produces her acquittance.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not acknowledge the lia-
bility of the Government to pay the debts of Texas.
I can never admit that the admission of a State
into this Union, by cutting off the right to tax im-
portations involves a liability to pay the debts of
that State antecedently contracted. On the con-
trary, I hold that the compact which exists be-
tween the United States and Texas imposes an
obligation on Texas alone, and that we stand fairly
clear of any claim on the part of the creditors of
Texas. But, sir, we have entered into a compact—
and this is the point to which I beg leave to call
the attention of the Senate—we have entered into
a compact with the State of Texas to pay the pre-
cise amount which is embraced in this bill, and
without a new compact we never can get rid. of
the obligation of that compact, without paying to
Texas the sum of $8,500,000. The compact was
to pay $5-,000,000 at the end of fourteen years,
with interest at five per cent., per annum*, and five
per cent, per annum for fourteen years amounts to
$3,500,000, or to seventy percent., which added
to*the original, amounts to $8,500,000. The sum
proposed to be appropriated by this bill is precisely
the amount which we have entered into a compact
with Texas to pay for the benefit of her credit-
ors.
Now, sir, the only question that arises is with
regard to the time of payment. I agree, by the
terms of that compact, we can delay the payment
of the principal to the end of the fourteen years,
and we can delay the payment of the interest,
except the annual interest, running through the
fourteen years; but when we reach the last end,
and satisfy the obligation, we shall have paid
#8 ,500,000. The question that is presented to
my mind is this: With an overflowing Treasury,
with a vastly larger claim on this Government,
shall we prefer to" hold this money in the public
Treasury, and pay its interest, instead of now
paying it over to Texas under an arrangement by
which we become entirely discharged from any
claim of her creditors embraced in the bill ? It is
true, it does not pay the whole amount, but then
they had no claim on this Government. Their
claim was on Texas, and this payment cannot be
made unless with the assent of the State of Texas.
"When, therefore, the State of Texas consents to
this engagement, and receives the money, we
have discharged our obligation, and for the pur-
pose of getting rid of this whole claim, I am will-
ing to advance the money now without any dis-
count or deduction, and that is what is proposed
to be done by the bill. That being the case, I |
hope, as it is now understood, the vote will be
taken upon it without further debate.
Mr. BRIGHT. The time has elapsed which
I asked should be devoted to this bill; and 1 am
under a promise to move to postpone it.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to take the vote I have no objection, but 1
am under a promise to let the bill go over now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to say a few words upon
the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I move to postpone its
further consideration until to-morrow. 1 promised
to do it, and I shall do it.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his
Private Secretary, announcing that he had this day
approved and signed the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act to incorporate theGeorgetown Gas -Light
Company;
A joint resolution providing for the distribution
of the works of Thomas Jefferson;
An act regulating the time of holding the ses-
sions of the district and circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States for the eastern district of Louisiana;
and
An act for the relief of Thomas K. Glenn.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
On niotion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the'consid-
eration of the House bill "to grant a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands
to actual settlers," the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Mason to add at the end
of the bill the following:
Provided, That nothing contained in this net shall apply
to any of the public lauds lymg nouluvest of the Ohio river,
and which wer« to the United States by the Com-
monwealth of Vnginia, pursuant to tiie act of that Common-
wealth, ot 30th of October, 1783, accepted by Congress
Maieh 1, J784; the eamp being by the Virginia acts and
deed of cession aforesaid, considered a>s a common fund
for the use and benefit of such of the United States as have
become members of the Confederation or Federal Alliance
of said States, Virginia inclusive, according to their usnal
respective proportions in the general charge and expendi-
ture, and to be faithfully arid bona fide disposed of tor that
purpose, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever; and
the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States',
providing that all "debts contracted and engagements en-
tered into before the adoption of this Constitution shall be
as valid against the United States under this Constitution,
as under the Confederation."
The amendment led to considerable discussion,
when
Mr. BAYARD moved that the further consid-
eration of the subject be postponed until the sec-
ond Monday in December next. This motion also
led to a long discussion, in which Messrs. Bayard,
Butler, Badgjcr, Clay-ion, Gwikt, Stuart,
Walker, Brown, and others participated. I
Mr. HAMLIN, though opposed to the bill was '
opposed to the motion, desiring, as he did, to have j
the bill disposed of at the present session.
Mr. DOUGLAS urged the friends of the bill to
resist the motion and sit the bill out.
Mr. CLAY, though opposed to the original bill,
would vote against the proposition to postpone.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayard, and decided in the negative, as fol-
lows—yeas 24, nays 30.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Mason, and decided in the negative, as fol-
lows—yeas 17, nays 33.
Mr. BROWN then moved his amendment for I
theoriginal bill, the eilect of which is to allow any j
person to enter a quarter jrection of unappropriated \
public lands on the following scale, viz: Lands
offered for sale for five years might be entered
at one dollar per acre; those for ten years at
seventy-live cents; those for fifteen years at fifty
cents; those for twenty years at twenty-five cents;
and those for twenty-four at twelve and a half
cents per acre, payable in every instance at the
expiration of five yeais, or sooner, at the option
of the person, but in all cases patent to issue after
payment, which was modified by Mr. Clay, and
aqgpted by Mr. Brown.
The question having been taken, it was decided
in the negative, as follows—yeas 16, nays 32.
Mr. BELL then moved to amend the bill by
adding an additional section, the effect of which
was to grant to any free white citizen of the
United Slates who is not a freeholder, and who
may not desire to settle upon the same a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, which
warrant shall be assignable, the assignee receiving
it under the requirement to cultivate.
This amendment also led to a long discussion,
in which Messrs. Bell, Dawson, Dixon, Hous-
ton, Rusk, Geyer, and others, participated,
when the question was taken, and decided" in the
negative—yeas 12, nays 39.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to lay the bill on the
table; but the motion was rejected—yeas 16, nay^
35.
Other amendments offered by Mr. Bell were
also voted down.
Mr. BAYARD moved to add to the bill a sec- (
tion, the effect of which would be, that any one i
erecting a habitable dwelling on any vacant quar- :
tfer section of public land, and occupy the same
for five years, shall be entitled to receive a patent
therefor.
This motion led to debate, and it was rejected
by the following vote—yeas 19, nays 27.
Mr. HUNTER then moved his bill as a sub
stitute for the original, which embodies the grad-
uation and preemption principles, &c.
Messrs. CASS and BRIGHT advocated the
substitute as next best; and if they could not get
the bill as- it came from the House, they "were
willing to take Mr. Hunter's substitute.
Mr. GrWIN moved to amend the substitute so
that preemptions in California be put at one dollar
per acre; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to amend the substi-
tute by inserting a provision giving to all persons
engaged in the military service since the Revolu-
tion one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. HAMLIN modified the amendment, with
Mr. Brodhead's permission, so as to include all
who had been in any battles; and the question-
having been taken, it was lost, the vote standing
—yeas 24, nays 24.
Several attempts were made to adjourn, but
were severally defeated on a call of the yeas and
-nays.
It was apparent that the friends of the bill were
determined to resist all elforts to adjourn until the
bill was disposed of.
Mr. BAYARD moved to strike out several sec-
tions from the substitute, declaring that, much as
he was opposed to the homestead bill, he would
infinitely prefer it to the substitute of the Senator
from Virginia.
A long debate ensued, in which Messrs. Jones,
of Tennessee, Dawson, Butler, Toombs, and
others participated.
Mr. BAYARD then demanded the yeas and
nays; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 4,
nays 33.
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved two amendments,
both of which were agreed to; one was a reserva-
tion of certain Indian rights, and the other to give
present preemption rights under the bill.
Mr. CHASE moved an amendment, the effect
of which was, that when the public lands in any
State should be reduced to thirty thousand acres,
they should be ceded to the States in which they
lie.
Mr. HUNTER opposed the amendment, and
the question having been taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 6, nays 31.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved an amendment to the
ninth section, by striking out that portion fixing
the price of land to actual settlers at twenty-five
cents per acre; or if lands have been in market
twenty years, at twelve and a half cents, and to
insert "at the graduated price fixed by the first
section of the bill."
The question having been taken by yeas and
nays, it was rejected—yeas 11, nays 29.
Mr. BAYARD then moved to strike out twen-
ty-five cents an acre and insert "one cent," so that
the price would be merely nominal in effect; which,
after discussion, was decided in the negative.
Mr. BADGER urged that the bill be reported
to the Senate and adjourn. They had been in
continuous session from eleven in the morning
until eight at night. Such protracted sessions in a
season so warm was prejudicial to health and
wasting to their energies.
But further amendments were proposed, and the
debate continued.
Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment, the
effect of which was to subject the alternate sec-
tions reserved for railroad grants to the graduating
principle. v
On this question the yeas and nays were ordered,
and it was decided in the negative; yeas 4, nays
39.
Mr. CHASE moved to strike out the word
<( white," believing, as he did, that' it would give
strength to the bill.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Chase, and it received 8 affirmative votes to 38
nays.
The question wag then taken on Mr. Hunter's
substitute as it was amended, and it was decided
in the affirmative, as follows—yeas 34, nays 13.
The bill was then ordered to be engrosised for a
third reading, and the Senate adjourned at nine
o'clock, p. m.
[A perfect report of the proceedings of this day
