1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
could not be prepared in time for the Congres-
sional Globe, but they will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 21, ]854.
The House metat eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the disposition of bills on the Speaker's table of a
private character.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill of the Senate (No. 257) " to confirm the
claim of Dusuan de la Croix to a lot of land
therein described," with a view of taking itupand
putting it upon its passage. It is a bill to confer
the title of a town lot. I will state that this mat-
ter has been before Congress for three years with-
out objection to it, and we have never been able to
reach it.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of said bill; which was then ordered
to a third reading, and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. BERNHISEL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of tile House Ihe petmon and papers in the case of
Orsnn Hydp, that the same may be reterred to the Indian
bureau.
Mr. BRIDGES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office the petition of
Cyrus Buckland, master machinist United States
armory, and that the same may be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
There was no objection; and the petition was
accordingly referred.
Mr. MI0DLES WA RTH. Circumstances have
made it necessary for me to leave the city for a
short time. For this reason, I ask theunanimous
consent of the House to make certain reports now
in my pc/ssession.
There was no objection; and
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH, from theCommittee
on Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports
upon the petitions in the following cases; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of the children of William Peters,
of New York, praying for arrears of pension due
to him for services during the revolutionary war;
and
The petition of Achsa Noys, of New York,
praying for a pension.
WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. MAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill (No. 388) " authorizing the extension of
the Alexandria and Washington raiiroad into the
District of Columbia."
It asks for no appropriation, and I hope there
will be no objectiun to its being taken up and
passed.
The bill was read through for information, ft
authorizes the Alexandria and Washington Rail-
road Company, incorporated by the Legislature of
Virginia, to construct a railroad from Alexandria,
in the State ot Virginia, to Washington, District
of Columbia. To extend this road from any
point on the Virginia side of the Potomac river,
to which said road may be constructed, at or above
the aqueduct of the Alexandria canal into the Dis-
trict of Columbia, connecting with the Baltimore
and Washington railroad depot, by the most con-
venient and practicable route or routes, passing
through or along such streets or avenues, except
the Pennsylvania avenue, of Washington and
Georgetown, as the corporate authorities thereof
may respectively approve.
The second section authorizes the said compa-
ny to construct a bridge over the Potomac river,
on or above, or west of the aqueduct of the
Alexandria Canal Company, provided said bridge
shall only be built on or over the piers of the
aqueduct, with the consent of the Alexandria Ca-
nal Company; and provided further, that, in con-
structing salt bridge, and crossing the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, said bridge and railroad shall be
bo constructed as not to injure or obstruct the nav-
igation of said canal; and that this act shall not
prevent Congress from giving like priviteges to
any other railroad company or person.
The third section provides for the establishment
of depots in Washington and Georgetown, and
for the laying of tracks, with proper turnouts, &c.,
in said cities, subject to such terms, conditions,
restrictions, and taxation, and to such rules and
regulations relative to the construction, repairs,
and working of the road within said cities as the
corporate authorities thereof shall, from time to
time, respectively prescribe, so far as it may be
within their limits: Provided, That no higher rates
of taxation shall be imposed than is prescribed in
the charters of said cities, and that said company
shall keep an office in Washington or Georgetown,
arid shall have the power to sue and be sued, &c.
Mr. EDGERTON. If the bill gives rise to
debate, I shall object to it.
Mr. HAVEN'. 1 have heard the bill read
through, and 1 think that it ought to pass. It is
propeily guarded, and, with the gentleman's con-
sent, 1 shall call for the previous question.
Mr. MAY. There are two or three amend-
ments which I propoi-e to offer, and which are
necessary for the perfection of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been read a
second time yet. It will be read a second time,
and it will be then open for amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question.
The bill was then read a second time.
Mr. MAY moved the following amendments;
which were severally agreed to:
In the fonrtepnth hue, after the words " or avenues"
insert "except the Pennsylvania avenue."
In second section smke out the word " their" and in-
sert " a railroad."
Mr. MAY then offered the following amend-
ment:
Add as an additional section:
Sec. 4. jjrul be it further cnarted, That the Baltimore
and Oliio Railioad Com pan y be, and it is ben-by, authorized
to constiuet ami extend the Washington branch of said
road aecoiding to mu*Ij iouic as may be most convenient
through the s>aid District, to some point on the Potomac
river, opposite to, and near tli« ctry of Alexandria, in Vir-
ginia, lor the purpose of forming a connection with said
river, and the lint's* of railrotul running south, s-ubjeef to the
provisions ot its piesent chaiter; and the said company are
hereby authorized to locate, construct, and opeiate the
said extensions hereby uuihonzed through &11W1 parts of
the city of Washington or public resnrvationM as the cor-
porate authoiuU'h thereof, or the President of the United
States, may consent to; and also to build a bridge or budges
over the eastern bianch of the Potomac river, ainome point
above the navy-yard: Provided however. That the t^airie
shall not obstruct the navigation thereof, and said company
shall have powei to locate and establish a depot, and erect
the nece^ny buildings thereon, and :ilsO to erect Mich
wharves and piers into said river a* may be necessary: i
Provided, The same shall not obstruct the navigation
thereof: Piovided, Juither, That the said iJallimore and
Ohio Railroad Company be subject to the same conditions
and restrictions m extending their road through any pait of
the city of Washington as aie prescribed Ibi the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I raise a question
of order upon that amendment. It relates to a
different road and a different subject from that
provided for in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill came in by unani-
mous consent, and refers to a railroad in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. JONES. Exactly, but not to the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say that my friend
from Tennessee misapprehends the operation of
this bill, it simply gives the right to the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company to run their
road to the river, subject to any restrictions that
the corporate authorities may see iit to impose
ifj^on them. H is wise to leave this matter to
them, and I am willing to leave it in their hands.
1 move the previous question.
Mr. JONES. 1 submit this question to the
Chair, whether it is in order to put one private bill
upon another?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is no private bill.
Mr. JONES. Then it has no business here
to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee seems to have forgotten that the bill comes
up by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. This amendment has nothing to
do with the Washington and Alexandria railroad.
It relates to an entirely different road. When
leave was first asked to take up the bill, I asked
for the reading of the bill in order that I might
ascertain what was in it; and hearing nothing
jection&bie in it, I made no objection. „ 5 j;> .
The SPEAKER. Nevertheless, it-is in order
to amend the bill, and it will be for the House;
determine whether or not the amendment shall b®
adopted. . '
The previous question was then seconded,(ah&
the main question ordered to be,put, beiBg .first, jon
the adoption of the amendment. „ " „ '
Mr. JOKES. On that I call ,|pr the yeas and
nays. , , ^
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I now move to lay the bill and
amendment on the table.
Mr. ROBBINS, I call for the yeas and nayjs
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill on the table; and it was not agreed to<
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the amendment.
Mr, WHEELER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and, on a division;
there were—ayes 80, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to. " * " •
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time. ' \ ^
Mr. HAVEN. I move the previous question,
upon the passage of the bill. • : T
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. ROBBINS. Upon the passage of the bill
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decide
ed m the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
The title having been read,
Mr. MAY" moved to amend theeamebyadding
thereto the words " and conferring certain privi-
leges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Gan&-
pany;"so as to make it read ^
An act authorizing the extension of the Alex-
andria and Washington railroad into the District;
of Columbia, and conferring certain privileges
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of'Ohio, ^ I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also to lay thewmotion to reconsider upon" th*'
table.
The latter motion was agreed.
* ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal to the gentleman;
from Tennessee to withdraw his call for the regu-
lar order of business, to enable me to ask the uh&af
imous consent of the House, to report from the-
Committee of Claims certain private bills, for'the'
purpose simply of referring them.
Mr. JONES. 1 cannot withdraw the calj> I.
want the regular order of business.
Mr. KERR. Have we not the right to report
private hi'ls on Friday morning?
The SPEAKER. Not to-day.
PAYMENT OF LOAN TO NEW MEXICO.
The joint resolution of th&Senate No. 18, being
first m order on the Speaker's table, was taken up
and read a first and second time by its title, as fol-
lows:
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico to adjust and pay to
Juan C. Armijo, Jose L. Perea, and James L.
Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
under authority of a joint resolution of that body,
approved June 17, 1851.
Mr. PHELPS. This resolution does not involve-
an appropriation or expenditure of money, and I
ask that the House shall put it upon its passage at
this time. J will explain the facts connected with
it in a very few words. Some two or three years
ago, the Secretary of the Territory of New Mexico,
being absent during a session of the Legislature,*'
the Legislature passed a resolution authorizing the
negotiation of a loan for the purpose of paying the
expenses of the session of the Legislative Assem-
bly. Such a loan was negotiated and received
from these men, and disbursed for the payment of
the expenses of the session; A portion of the
