1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wood work erected on the deck, which afforded
but very little shelter. Some of his brother officers
told him that he was in danger, and that he had
better retire to the officers' cabin. His reply—
and it should be remembered—was, " No, I will
retire nowhere; I will seek shelter nowhere; I will
endure the same fate that my poor men are com-
pelled to endure." Now, sir, he lies at the bottom
of the ocean. This was the condition of the men
upon that vessel. Until the Three Bells came up,
there was no help, no rescue, no deliverance for
them. The captain of that vessel, a noble Scotch-
man, a braveand gallant man, at the hazard of his
own life, at the risk oflosing his vessel, andevery-
thing which he had upon this earth, lay by that
wreck for six days and six nights, until he suc-
ceeded in the rescue ofthosepoor unfortunate men.
Sir, will any man hesitate to reward such conduct
as that? such heroism as that ? We had no claim
upon that man. His own vessel was almost in a
sinking condition when he came in sight of the
wreck. Yet there he remained until he aided in
rescuing these poor persons from on board the
wreck. The bark Kilby, of Boston, and the ship
Antarctic, also came up, and assisted in the noble
work. The captains of those three vessels were
the men who saved five hundred of their fellow
beings from the same fate which overtook Colonel
Washington and his brgfve companions. Now,
sir, I think it is due from us to give some recog-
nition, or acknowledgment, or reward, to these
men, who periled everything to rescue the soldiers
of the United States, and who did rescue five hun-
dred of them by their gallant conduct
So far as the Lucy Thompson is concerned,
I repeat, her captain found the bark Kilby very
near New York, and the persons on board of that
bark were transferred to the Lucy Thompson,
and she gave water and provisions to them. That
was an act for which f think her commander
ought to be highly respected; but there was no
risk, no hazard, no extraordinary peril, no sacri-
fice in this, and by giving that captain a medal,
you confound different services.
It is not the worth or the value of the medals
which makes them valued by the officers, but it
is an acknowledgment given to these men, a testi-
monial from the nation, for their gallant and he-
roic conduct. That is the object of giving the
medals. Now, sir, let me say that more gallant
and more heroic conduct has never been recorded
than that performed by the commander of the
Three Bells. His own vessel was in a sinking
condition, out of water, leaky, her sails were
shivered by the same storm, and yet there she lay
six days and six nights by this wreck, her com-
mander telling the unfortunate sufferers all the
while to hold on, to keep the vessel afloat, encour-
aging them with the assurance, " I will stand
by you to the last." Sir, a medal to such a man
is the least testimonial which you can give.
Then, we also propose to give money; and I
will explain the object of that. ^ Some of the sea-
men, some of the common soldiers and non-com-
missioned officers behaved gallantly; and the ob-
ject of appropriating the money is to enable the
President to discriminate and reward them accord-
ingly. But, by the amendment of the Senator
from California, you give medals in the first sec-
tion, you give medals in the second section, and
you give nothing but medals. He proposes to
give gold medals, and silver medals, and bronze
medals, and, he ought to have added, (i all kinds
of medals." That is not the way to reward dis-
tinguished services; it is turning the whole thing
into a burlesque. Do you want the President to
go to these men with a pack of medals on his
back ? I should like to see you go to one of the
Jack-Tars, and present him with a bronze medal,
and tell him, " this is the way the nation lewards
you for an act of heroism." What would he do
with that medal ? Sir, this is not the way to man-
age a thing of this kind. Here are three men who
stand out prominently, who distinguished them-
selves on this occasion. Give them medals. Then,
if you go further, give the men a little money
give them something to improve their condition-
something tangible and substantial—something
which will be of value to them; but as for giving
the common sailors bronze, and silver, and gold
medals, I think it is out of the question. I should
like to see them when they receive them.
Mr. GWIN. If I mistake not, the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois received aswordfor
his gallant services during the last war. He re-
ceived one by a vote of Congress, if I mistake not,
but certainly a sword was presented to him. I
presume when he received from his country a
sword as a recognition of his gallant services, he
valued it more than all the money in the Treasury.
It is not the worth of such a thing in dollars and
cents; it is the testimonial granted to an individual
by a great nation, which attaches value to it.
Now, Mr. President, m regard to the com-
mander of the Lucy Thompson, the Senator has
not stated the case fairly; because, when that vessel
came up with the Kilby her crew were in a state
of mutiny, and had proposed to run her ashore,
which would have resulted in the inevitable de-
struction of all the passengers and crew. He ex-
hibited his gallant conduct, as the officers on board
told me personally, as much as any of the other
commanders.
But, sir, the Senator says the Captain of the
Three Bells behaved gallantly, and deserves re-
ward. He has been rewarded by the gratitude of
the wholenation, and by their money. The peo-
ple have paid over to him from $G,0U0 to $10,000
in money. They have given him another testi-
monial which will live as long as the latest pos-
terity. They have given him a gold medal, infi-
nitely more valuable to him than the money. The
people have already rewarded the sailors. They
have given them money. From $600 to $1,000
a piece has been distributed to them. That money
has been raised by the people of the United States,
and given to them. The Government has already
rewarded the owners of the ships. There has
been more than $100,000 paid by the people and
by the Government of the United States, for the
services rendered to the unfortunate sufferers on
boird the San Francisco. I appreciate the ser-
vices of these rescuers as highly as the Senator
from Illinois or any man in the country, but I be-
lieve the proper plan is the one which ! propose;
and that is, to give them enduring testimonials,
such as any man who has an American heart in
his bosom, would infinitely prefer to money, and
i which he would preserve and hand down to his
posterity.
I.have as high an appreciation of the services
of these officers and their crews, as any member
of the Senate; but, sir, there is one thing perfectly
certain, that they would have been eternally dis-
graced if they had not done just what they did;
they would have been driven from civilized society
if they had acted otherwise than as they did. I
appreciate the daring which they exhibited, and
the risk which they ran, regardless of their own
lives, to relieve the unfortunate individuals on
board that ill-fated vessel; but they were bound
to do it. If they had gone off without exhibiting
proper zeal in rescuing those individuals, all know
what reproach would have been cast upon the
commanders of those vessels all over the Union.
I am m favor of giving to those offi^rs gold
medals just as the Senator from Illinois proposes
to do; but the people of the United States have
already given them money, a large amount of
money. I am not for paying them money from the
Treasury of the United States, in addition to the
i gold medals which we propose to give them. I
j have also given, in the second resolution of my
! amtnd^nent, an opportunity to exhibit the thanks
of the Government of the United States to the of-
ficers of the San Frjancisco. The only difference
between the Senator and myself is, that he wishes
to give these men money, and I wish to give them
a testimonial in the shape of medals, leaving it dis-
cretionary with the President whether they shall
be of gold, silver, or bronze. I know that there
are bronze medals of very little intrinsic value
which cannot be bought for any money; for they
are testimonials of a great Government to individ-
uals for valuable services rendered. Now, I think
the best thing we can do—the people of the United
| States having rewarded in money these persons
' for their services which they have rendered, and
I the Government having amply paid the owners
! of the vessels for their services—is to give this
' testimonial.
| Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, it is a little
doubtful to my mind how far the Senator from
California and the chairman of the select commit-
tee really disagree in the manner in which they j
would express their gratitude for the meritorious
conduct of those who were prominent in rescuing
the lives of the officers and soldiers from this un-
fortunate wreck. I. thmk 4bat when the proposi-
tions of thetwo Senators jto whom 1 have referred
shall be examined, it witl beJounfl that but very
little difference in fact exists betweeathem. ^How-
ever much difference there may be between the
views presented by those Senators, their resolu-
tions may, perhaps, be verynearly alike. &
Now, sir, the resolution reported bythetcom*
mittee proposes to grant medals to theofficersioF
certain vessels that rendered distmguishedservie$[s
which are therein named. It also proposes 4b
make an appropriation of $100,000, to be expended
under the direction of the President of the United
States. The amendment submitted- by the Sena-
tor from California,is to grantmedals to the com-
manding officers.of the same three vessels named
in the resolution of the committee, and one othet: ,
and, then, the Senator from California, in addi-
tion, proposes to grant medals to the seamen, to
the soldiers, and to the other parties engagedin
that transaction. The joint resolution reported by
the committee does not limit the President.ia re-
gard to the manner in which he shall:express the
gratitude of the country to the soldiers, seamen,
and other parties, besides the officers named, ft
may be, therefore, that the President himself, upon
mature consideration, will deem it advisable to
express the thanks of the country by granting
medals to a certain extent, in the very way which
the Senator from California proposes. Hence
there is no limitation upon the act of the Presi-
dent; the manner in which the money shall be
appropriated is submitted to him; and if the reso-
lution of the committee shall be adopted, it will
be in the power of the President, if he shall see
fit, to adopt precisely the same rule that the Sena-
tor from California proposes in his amendment.
Now, sir, is it desirable, is it advisable, to pre-
scribe precisely the mode and the manner in which
the thanks of the country shall be expressed to
this great number of persons? Allow me to ex-
press my opinion, and to give my, belief, that it is
not only not desirable thus to limit it; but that,
as expressing the commercial spirit of the nation,
it may be, and probably will be desirable, inmany
instances, to make direct appropriations in mottey,
as vastly better than these medals. When the
dies are struck, and the medals are delivered to the
officers of these vessels, they will no doubt be re-
garded as of more value than anything which
could be presented to them in money. They would
be regarded as being granted for acts of heroism,
which, I will say, these officers have nobly per-
formed; and would undoubtedly be more gratify-
ing than any other expression of the thanks of
the country which could be made to them. But
this would not be so with another class—those
who are truly the representatives of the commer-
cial spirit of the country. They would expect the
compensation which commerce itself would direct*
And it might be better, and I doubt not myself the
President might—I do not say-he would—come
to the conclusion that, as representing the com-
mercial feature of the question, it would be desir?
able, in some cases, to make this expression of*
gratitude in dollars and cents rather than in medals.
The Government was directly connected with
this transaction, and it was brought in as repre-
senting, and connecting itself with, the commer-
cial aspect of the question. It is appropriate—in
my judgment, it is highly appropriate—that the
Government,thus connected with it,should do, m
the commercial aspect of the case, precisely what
your citizens have done. And what have they
done? Why, sir, from no other motives than
those of a general character, from no other motive
than a desire to induce persons whose calling is to
traverse the ocean, to render assistance in similar
cases, our merchants, our underwriters, our in-
surance officers, and our citizens generally, have
contributed largely, purely, and solely in the com*
mercial view of the transaction. Connected as the
Government was with this question in that poinfc
of view, it is, in my judgment, equally appropriate
that the Government also should contribute in that
view, as well as by giving medals to the officers* 
Still, whatever may be the opinions of Senators,
in relation to this matter, whether I be correct
the view that I take of it or not, with the President
of the United States it will bean open, question,
and it will be for him to determine, after-afull ex-
amination of the matter, precise^-"what he wili
do. The resolution reported.by? the committee,
therefore, submits the. question'to the President,
