THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
money can be paid from the Treasury, but the
money received from those men cannot be paid
without the authority of Congress. There is a
sufficient amount of money on hand from the ap-
propriation for these expenses to pay the whole
amount, and ail that is necessary is the recognition
of the loan hy Congress. The money ought to
be refunded to these men who hav,e actually paid
it out, and I hope there will be no objection to
having the resolution put upon its passage, lmove
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
SENATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bills, which were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims:
S. No. 443. An act for the relief of A. G.
Penn; and
S. No. 403. An act for the relief of Gaston T.
Raoul.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. DENT. I would ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to report back to the
House several Senate bills.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 understand the
gentleman from Georgia js not in good health, and
1 trust that there may be no objection to his prop-
osition.
There was no objection, and
Mr. DENT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back Senatebill (No. 106) "to
authorize the payment of invalid pensions io the
heirs of Lieutenant Robert White and others,"
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read inextcnso.
Mr. DENT. The bill is a just one, and if
there be no objection, I ask that it be now put on
its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not the bill
provide for an appropriation out of the public
Treasury for the payment of these balances of
pension ?
Mr. DENT. It does.
Mr. JONES. Then, under the rule, it must
have its first consideration in a Committee of the
"Whole.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, i hope there may be
unanimous consent to allow the bill to be now put
on its passage. *
Mr. JONES. Let it go to the committee.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered the
bill to be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. DENT, from {he Committee on Invalid
Pensions, repoited adversely on Senate bill No.
3(i0, " for the lelief of John McVeywhich was
laid upon the table.
The House, by unanimous consent, then pro-
ceeded to consider the private bills reported on
Friday and Saturday last from a Committee of the
"Whole House, with the recommendation that
they do pass
Senate bill No. 76. " An act to authorize Vic-
tor Morass to relinquish certain lands and enter
the same quantify elsewhere."
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and was accordingly read the thiid time,
and passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw any
objection to reporting any private bills for the pur-
pose of referring them to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The House have already
disposed of all the private bills upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. JONES. I mean the private bills in the
hands of members to be reported, but not to be
put upon their passage.
Mr. ORR. [ think we had betterdisposeof the
bills reported from a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will say that it will not
take five minutes to report the hills I have in my
hands. They can be referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. MACE, i object.
The following Senate bills reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House without'amendments,
were severally ordered to be read a third time, and
were accordingly read the third time, and passed:
S. No. 73. An act for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Joshua Kennedy,deceased;
S. No. 127. An act for the relief of John Pha-
gan;
S. No. 125. An act for the relief of Ezra Wil-
liams;
S. No. 90. An act for the relief of Charges
Cooper & Co.;
S. No. 91. An act for the relief of James Dun-
ning; and
S. No. 29. An act for the relief of Joseph Mit-
chell.
House bill (No. 99,) " for the relief of Captain
George Simpton, ot Galveston,'* and House bill
(No. 331) for the relief of the heirs of Joseph Ge-
rard," reported without amendment, were sever-
ally ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, were accordingly read the
third time,and passed.
House bill (No. 173) " for the relief of Mrs.
Helen Mackay, widow of the late Colonel iEneas
Mackay, deputy quartermaster general of the
United States Army," came up next in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question upon the engrossment of
that bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was sub-
sequently read a third time.
Mr. ORR. That was a bill which gave rise to
a good deal of debate in committee. 1 was myself
opposed to the principle of the bill. 1 think it is
wrong, and therefore I demand the yeas and nays
upon its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 58; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Ashe, Bennett,
Benson, Uli-s, Bugs, Campbell, Carpenter, Carutliors,
Chandler,dark, Cook, Ooiwm, Crocker, Culiom, Thomas
Davit*, Dick, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edmund-
son, Thomaa D. Eliot, Elli&on, Farley, i-Ynton, Flagler,
Florence, Franklin, Goodrich, Greenwood, Grow, Andrew
J. Harlan, Harrison, llenn, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Johnson, Kerr, Knox, Lamb, Lmdsley, McCulloch, Mc-
Dougal), Mace, Maoy, Mutteson, Mnunct', Mayall, Mid-
dleswarth, John G. Miller, Morgan, Nichols, Noble, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peckham, Picsion, Pnngle, Pur-
year, Ready, Ree e, David Uitchu*,Thomas Ritchey, Sabm,
Sapp, Simmons, Germ Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Sellers,
Richard H. Stanton, ileator L. Stevens, Stratton, Andrew
Smart, John L. Taylor. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
Uphiim, Vail, Wade, Wallcv, Ellihn U. War-hburne, Isiaei
Washburn, Well*, Tappan Wentwoith, Wheeler, and Zol-
heoflcr—U2
NAYS—Mesc.ru. David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Barry, ileleher, liocoek, Itreekmridge, Bridges, Caslue,
ChriMnan, Churchwell, Cobb, Cox, Curtis, John G Davis,
Dent, Dunham, Edpcrton, Faulkner, Fulh'i, Giddings,
Goodc, llendrickt?, ilibbard, J]ou*-tor , Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Kit-
tredge, Kurtz. Letcher, Lilly, MeMulhn, McNair, Mc-
Queen, May, Smith Miller, Millsori,Moi ris-un, Murray, Orr,
Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Rohbine, Rowe, Rnffin,
Shaw, Shower, Skelton, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, John J. Taylor, Trout, Vam ant, Witte,
and Hendrick' B. Wnghi—58.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ulinbis. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON, I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House, to allow me to report from
the Committee on Claims certain bills forthepurT
pose of reference only.
Mr. McMULLIN. i hope the gentleman will
wait until we have disposed of the bills upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. EDGERTON. It is not probable that we
shall get through with those bills to-day.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Objection was made.
The following bills reported from the Committee
of the Whole without amendment, were then
taken from the Speaker's table, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being engrossed,
were severally read a third time,and passed:
H. R. No. 174 A bill for the relief of D. C.
Cash and Giles U. Ellis.
H. R. No. 110. A bill authorizing the payment
of the balance of the property accounts between
the United States and the State of New York, for
military stores in the war of 3812.
H. R. No. 107. A bill for the relief of Robert
Grignon was next in order.
An amendment was reported by the Committee
of the Whole to strike out the words "Robert
Grignon," and insert " the legal representatives
of the Menomonee tribe oflndtans."
Mr. EASTMAN. I move the following as a
substitute to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Add at the end of the bill the following words:
Provided, That before the money shall be paid to the
said Gngnori, the consent of the said tiibe of Menomonee
Indians &hall be obtained thereto, which consent shall be
certified to by the sub-agt nt of said tribe.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
the nature of a substitute, and the question must
be first taken upon the amendment reported by the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Let us hear the
amendment read.
Mr. EASTMAN. I can state the case in less
time than it will require to read the amendment.
The bill proposes to pay $19,000 to Robert Grig-
non, according to the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, under the treaty of 1836. The
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] after
an examination of the claim, found that the
money was due; but, that there might be no chance
of fiaud, he moved that the money should be paid
to the assigns of th$ said Menomonee tribe of In-
dians. Now, sir, as it is exceedingly difficult to
ascertain what an assignment of a tribe of Indians
is, I propose that, instead of adopting this amend-
ment, we shall provide, that this tribe of Indians
shall give their assent before the money shall be
paid. This is the amendment I have offered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of the Whole;
and it was disagreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Eastman was
then adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
The bill of the House (No. 176) " for the relief
of Pamela Brown, the widow of Major General
Jacob Brown, late of the United States Army,
deceased," reported with an amendment, came
up next in order.
Mr. KNOX. I move the previous question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would appeal to the
gentleman to allow a brief explanation of the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KNOX. This bill was considered in
committee, after the reading of the report accom-
panying it; and was reported to the House with
amendment, by a general vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from ftlinois
has called the previous question, and debate is not
in order.
Mr. HENDRfCKS. I hope the previous
question may not receive a second. There ought
to be some explanation of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as followsr
Strike ont the words: " at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, to commence on the first day of January, 1*54, and
to continue lor ten vears from that date, and then cease :
Prowled, Uou-evcr, That if the paid Pamela Brown shall
die before the expnation of said period of lea years, the
pension hereby granted shall cease at her death." And in
Jn'U thereof insert the following :
And to pay her a pension at the rate of one ha}f the pay
per month to which her said husband was entitled at the
time of his death; said pension to commence the first
day of January, J 838, and to continue during her natuial
life.
Mr. FAULKNER. I beg the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question, in
order that I may make a single inquiry.
Mr. KNOX declined to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. FAULKNER. I must really ask the
House to allow me some explanation of this
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would like to Inform the
House 
[Cries of " Order T"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
