266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 27,
on the ship Electra, from July 1, 1847, to Febru-
ary 28, 1848.
•Mr. MALLORY. This bill, which was re-
ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
fully explains itself. Mr. Pember, the captain's
clerk on this occasion, there being no purser, was
called upon by the commander of the vessel to
perform the duties of that office. He did so faith-
fully, and he has the certificates of his two com-
manders testifying to the faithfulness with which
he discharged his trust. This bill proposes to
pay him the difference between the salary which
he actually received as captain's clerk and the pay
of a purser. It is following the precedents which
have been set in numerous other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
SAMUEL MICKUM.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Mickum was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to pay to Samuel Mickum $530 50, being the
difference between the pay received by him as a
messenger in the Navy Department and that re-
ceived by the messengers in the other Departments,
from November 20, 1839, to June 30, 1851.
Mr. BRIGHT. Is there a report in this case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
derstands that there is no written report.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill came from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and I can explain it.
Mr. Mickum is peculiarly the messenger of the
Secretary of the Navy; and while he receives but
$650 per annum, he performs duties as responsible,
if not more responsible, than those of other mes-
sengers who receive $700. Mr. John Y. Mason,
while Secretary of the Navy, made an earnest
appeal to the Finance Committee to increase the
salary of this officer. Mr. Graham and Mr.
Kennedy made the same recommendation, and
now Mr. Dobbin concurs with them. The com-
mittee have presented no written report.
Mr. WKLLER. The difliculty is that this bill
is retrospective and goes back to 1839.
Mr. MALLORY. It provides for the payment
of $580 50, which is necessary in order to make
the salary of this messenger equal to that of oiliers
in the same department withm this period.
Mr. WELLER. The bill goes back to 1830.
Now, if the incumbent was not satisfied with his
compensation, he ought long since to have re-
signed, and no doubt other persons would have
accepted the oftice at the salary fixed by law. I
cannot see how he can with any propii-ty hold
office from 1839 to 1851, and then come here and
ask that an act shall be passed increasing his sal-
ary retrospectively during that whole period. It
is possible, it is quite hlfely, that his present pay
is insufficient, and I should be disposed to increase
it; but 1 might at, the same time be unwilling to go
back and pay him increased compensation from
1839 to 1851.
Mr. MALLORY. In 3845, as I before stated,
Mr. John Y. Mason, then being Secretary of the
Navy, made an appeal to the Finance Committee
of the Senate to increase this compensation. His
letter to Mr. Evans, of Maine, then chairman of
that committee, is in these words:
" I hftvfl illo honor tnmvite Hip favorable attPntion nf the
Committee on I'limner to the salary o(' the principal mes
nernier ni tint Department, who receives Inn .v!;.;>() a .year,
while the menseimer-. in all the bureau-, of the l)e|i.mmeiil
lcceive .i«700. tin the 13th of [leecinher, I called the at
tejition of the chairman ol the Committee on Ways and
Mean* in ihe House to tin; subject, but it appears to have
esenpeii in* notiee. The services ofMr. Mickum are ren-
dered to my entire satisfaction, and I recommend that an
addition ol .s.sO a year ho made to his salary from the date
of his appointment, viz • Novembei lc';!D. This would
require the sum ot I o~, t0 ,jie nf jlmf,_ I.ll)(}
the subsmution of ,§1,1011 for ,<'1,050 in tile civil appropri-
ation bill now before the Senate."
Mr. Kennedy in 1852 says:
" T have read your memorial and the papers accompany-
ing it, and have no hesitation in bearing testimony to the
faithfulness and promptness with which you have dis-
charged the duties required of you."
Thepropriety of increasing thesalary is strongly
recommended by Mr. Kennedy in this letter. Mr.
Dobbin, the present Secretary of the Navy has
■written a still stronger letter upon the subject,
which is among the papers. Mr. Mickum has
been induced to hold on to this office with the sal- I
ary of $650, under the almost positive certainty
of having it increased every year.
The addition of $50 a year will place him on
an equality with the other messengers in the same
Department. It is simply on this principle of
equality that the bill has been repotted.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand there are other
messengers doing the same kind of service, who
receive but $500 a year, while this individual re-
ceives $700. 1 do not know that there is any pro-
priety in putting one messenger higher than an-
other in point of salary, though it has been done
by law. 1 may say, however, that the Committee
on Retrenchment and Reform have m contempla-
tion a general bill with reference to the organiza-
tion and compensation of the persons employed
in the several Departments; and hope to be able,
by obtaining information from the various Secre-
taries, to do justice to all the Government em-
ployees, as nearly as they can. This gentleman
is doubtless a meritorious man; but I have no
doubt from the communications which I have re-
ceived, that there are others in the same condition,
who ought to be put upon the same footing..
Mr. BADGER. The Senator mistakes the
purpose of this bill. It is not for increasing the
salary of this officer to that of others of a similar
grade—that has already been done; butit is to pay
him the difference between his former compensa-
tion and that which other officers of the same class
received, fora certain time. It will not be included
m such a bill as the Senator speaks of as about to
be reported by the Committee, on Retrenchment
and Reform. This is a meritorious claim, ithas
been urgently recommended to Congress by every
Secretary of the Navy who has been in the De-
partment during the last twelve years.
Mr. WELLER. Under that statement I shall
go for it; but I throw the responsibility upon the
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. I take it all, I understand
the claim, and I can assure the Senate that it is
peifectly right.
! The bill was reported to the Senate without
I amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
HIRAM PAULDING.
The bill for the relief of Hiram Paulding was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to audit the accounts of Hiram Paulding, a
captain in the Navy, and to pay his expenses
(not exceeding $963 92) in the entertainment of
the foreign officers and people who visited the
frigate St. Lawrence, under his command, at
Southampton; and also $2,090 for entertaining the
officers of the Governments of Bremerhaven and
Stockholm, in the years 1848, 1849, and 1850.
Captain Paulding was assigned to the command
of the new frigate St. Lawrence, by the Secretary
of the Navy, in the year 1848, and ordered upon
special and independent service, having reference
to the then political difficulties on the continent of
Europe. The difficulties in regard to Holstein and
Schleswig, and a general revolutionary movement
throughout Germany, and the pending struggle
between Austria and Hungary, seemed to call for
j the presence of a naval force in the northern part
i of Europe. Under this order, the £#Lawrence
j arrived at Southampton in December, 1848, where
I she was received, as the representative of the Uni-
ted States, with distinguished honors by all classes
of people. The municipal authorities visited the
ship, and presented to Captain Paulding an en-
grossed resolution, sealed with the seal of the
borough of Southampton, passed by them unan-
imously, inviting the officers to a banquet. Upon
the landing of the fust boat from the ship, the
British flag from the pier-head was lowered and
that of the United States hoisted in its place, and
every mark of kindness and honorable welcome
in their power was exhibited while the ship lay
there. It was the first opportunity our naval offi-
cers ever had of accepting similar attentions from
the authorities or people of Great Britain upon
their own soil. Captain Paulding regarded these
demonstrations not as mere idle or personal civili-
ties, but as designed to express towards the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales those kindly feelings
and generous sy mpathies of tile people of England
which it is manifestly our interest to cultivate, and
which he did not feel himself justified to disregard.
In return for the civilities thus extended to his flag
and officers, Captain Paulding received the visits
of the authorities and people of the borough on
board the ship; and the expense attending the cour-
tesies thus extended was defrayed by the purser
of the ship as a proper expenditure in behalf of
the Government, under the orders of Captain
Paulding, and amounted to the sum of nine hun-
dred and sixty-three dollars and ninety-two cents.
The ship next proceeded through the channel
to the North sea, to Bremerhaven, the port of
Bremen. Here the Arch Duke of Oldenburg, with
a numerous suite, visited the ship, and was re-
ceived in a manner, and by an entertainment
suitable to his rank; and successively the Senate
of Bremen, with a numerous suite of from sev-
enty to one hundred, and many of the most dis-
tinguished persons of Germany, the Queen of
Greece, the Duke of Oldenburg, with his royal
family, and Prince Stephen of Austria, the Baron
Von Gagern, late President of the Imperial Par-
liament of Frankfort, and Duckwitz, Minister of
the German Marine, were received on board and
entertained.
In the summer of 1849, deputations from the
Prussian Government and the Parliament of
Frankfort were recommended to Captain Pauld-
ing, with reference to the formation of a German
navy, and visited the ship, by which expense was
also incurred.
The ship thence proceeded to Stockholm, where
Count Platen, King's chamberlain, Minister of
Marine, and the representative of the sovereign
authority, in the absence of the King, with a nu-
merous suite of distinguished persons, was re-
ceived on board and entertained.
The aggregate of expenses thus incurred in the
entertainment, on board the ship, of these and
numerous other visitors, was $3,653 92, of which
sum the amount of $2,690 was expended in the
entertainment of the civil and military officers of
the Governments of the countries visited by the
ship, and who were received on board by their
request. The balance was expended at South-
ampton in entertaining the municipal authorities
and the people of that borough.
No commander of a public vessel abroad is at
liberty, unless under peculiar circumstances, to
decline such visits as were made to the St. Law-
rence by the sovereign authorities of countries '
with which it is our interest to cultivate amicable
relations. The interchange of such civilities ex-
ercises a decided and beneficial influence, while
at the same time the naval preparation and effi-
ciency of our country is most wisely and, hu-
manely displayed.
Congress, it appears, has recognized such ex-
penditures heretofore, for m 1833 allowance was
made to Master Commandant John D. Sloat of
$1,360; to Captain Daniel Turner of $1,182 78;
and to Captain George W. Storer of $500. In
1838, $3,391 was allowed to Captain Daniel T.
Patterson; atM in 1844 the sum of $4,200 was
^ allowed to Captain Charles W. Morgan. These
: precedents, however, do not cover such expendi-
! tures as those at Southampton; but they were
I made under peculiar circumstances, and at an in-
j teresting and exciting period of the political move-
: merits of Europe.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment; and the question was, "Shall it be
engrossed, and read a third time."
Mr. BRIGHT. I call for the yeas arid nays
on the engrossment of the bill. To my knowl-
edge, it has been voted down three or four times
within the last five or six years.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Beniamin,
Brodhead, Brown, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of WVeon-
«in, Evans, Fish, Foot, Gwin, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Pettit, Sebastian, Seward, Smith
j Toomhs, Wade, Walker, Weller, and Wright—25.
j NAYtf—Messrs. Adam*, Allen, Bright, Chase, Fitz-
I patrick, Johnson, and Stuart—7.
j So the bill was ordered to be engrossed. It
! was then read a third time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 27, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and approved
