1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Belcher, Bennett,
Benton, Bridges, fiugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler. Clark, Cobb, Cook,Oorwin, Dick,
Dickinson, Edgerton, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart, Farley,
Fent<*u, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, ^Goodrich, Green,
Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harri*on, Haven, Hill, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, DantelT. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,Knox,Lil
ly, McCulloch, MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Mau-
rice, Middle&warth, JohnG. Miller,Morgarf, Murray,Noble,
Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordccai Oliver, Paiker, Peck,
Peekham, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, Reese, David Ritchie,
- Robbins, R'Hve, Russell, Sahm, Sapp, Shower, Simmons,
Gerrit Smith, William R. Smith, Rollers, Frederick P
Stanton, Richard H.Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Wade,
Walbridge, Walley, Ellihu B. Wa>hburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—87.
NAVri—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David
J. Bailey, Bliss, Bocock, Breckinridge, Caskie, Chasiain,
Chrisinan, Clingman, Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dent,
Dunham, Edmumison, Elli*on, Faulkn«r, Giddings, Gonde,
- Grow, Hendricks, Htbhard, Houston, Johnson, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, Ivettt, KuHvell, Kittredge, Kurtz,
Lmdfiey, MeMulhn, McQueen, May, Smith Miller, Mill
son, Morrison, Nichols, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps,
Ready, Rufttn, Shannon, Shaw, Skelton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Strdtton,
Audrew Stuart, Nalhamol G. Taylor, ■ rout, V.uisant,
Wheeler, Wute, Ilendrick B. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I present the following resolu-
tion, which involves a question of privilege, and
after it is read, i will only make a very few re-
marks.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the committee of which the Hon. Mr.
Letcher is chairman, be instructed to communicate to this
House any communication made to that committee reflect-
ing upon the representative character of T. H. Bayly, a
member of this Home, by Ben. E.Green, or others, with a
view that the House may take such action as to them may
seem proper, tiie said committee having decided that it was
not within tUeir jurisdiction.
Mr. HOUSTON, (sotto voce.) That is not a
question of privilege.
Mr. BAYLY. It is emphatically a question of
privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. What I uttered was in an
under tone, and not intended-to be made public;
but I will say that I doubt very much its being a
question of privilege. A committee having been
appointed under the direction of the House, who
have charge of this subject, it does seem to me
that it ought to be not only permitted but required
to finish its action, before a member of this body
can, by a resolution of the House, bring the un-
finished report of that committee before the House
for adjudication or action. 1 do not pretend to
say that the gentleman is not right in bringing the
matter to the notice of the House.
Mr. BAYLY. My personal character is in-
volved in it.
Mr. LETCHER. If my colleague will give
way a moment, I will satisfy the House about the
matter.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg to submit my own state-
ment. This is a matter in which my honor is
concerned. The special committee have declined
to take jurisdiction of a personal imputation on
me an imputation on one of the oldest members
of this House—made against my conduct while I
was enjoying the highest favors of this House
during two successive sessions of Congress, in one
of which I was chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and in the other of which I
was chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs I have been advised to take no notice of this
imputation, on the ground that it obviously grows
out of malice. But, sir, I do not choose to do that.
By order of the special committee, I have seen
that document; and I mean that this House, and
the country, shall see that communication, and 1
mean, if the House will indulge me, that a com-
mittee of this House shall be appointed to investi-
gate the charges made against me, that the slamp
of falsehood and infamy may be placed upoil the
brow of my accuser. 1 do not choose to wa«P*it
is only five minutes ago that I saw this document,
and the charge contained in it shall be
if this House will allow me justice.
Mr. LETCHER. Has the resolution been
adopted ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has not been
adopted as yet. ;' -
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I do not deem it ne-
cessary to say more at present than to confirm
the statement made by my colleague, that the spe-
cial committee have disposed of this matter so far
as they are concerned. Probably, after the reso-
lution has been disposed of, 1 may have some-
thing more to say in relation to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 do not wish to throw
any obstructions in the way of the desire of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] nor to
cause any delay in this matter. But I should like
to learn trom the honorable chairman of the select
committee the reason why that committee did not
take jurisdiction of the matter, and report on it to
the House.' I should like an explanation to be
given on this point, so that the House may
thoroughly understand the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Phelps oc-
cupying the chair.) Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston .']
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 prefer to yield to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] as I
have propounded a question to him.
Mr. HOUSTON, i was going to present to
the consideration of the gentleman from Ohio him-
self, [Mr. Campbell,] as well as to that of the
gentleman from Vngima, [Mr. Letcher,] that if
we commence to draw out information from that
committee, we may interfere with their investiga-
tion. 1 do not know what the committee has been
doing; and 1 may say, in excuse for myself, that I
do not know that any charges had been made
against the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not propose to draw
anything from thatcommittee, except the reasons
which will justify this House in yielding to the
request of the honorable gentleman who has pre-
sented the resolution. If the gentleman's honor
has been impugned; if it has been assailed through
this committee, 1 want to know why that com-
mittee did not take jurisdiction of the matter, and
exculpate him from the charges preferred against
him, so as to preclude the necessity of raising
another special committee.
Mr. LETCHER.. Suppose,sir, a charge were
preferred against the gentleman from Ohio, of five
or six years' standing, and brought to the atten-
tion of that committee, would he consider, under
the resolution which organized this committee,
limiting it to matters before this Congress, that
we had the right to go back five or six years, and
commencing there, come down to the present
time? There never would be an end to the inves-
tigation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand, then, from
what the gentleman says, that the committee did
not think the resolution under which it acts was
sufficiently general in its character to enable them
to make an investigation of this particular matter :
•Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I should like to
know whether that committee is confining itself
simply to the investigation of charges in relation
to Colt's patent; for 1 understand, from the terms
of the resolution, and I think it was so understood
by the House, that it was the purpose of the
House to give that committee full and ample
powers to go back and make a full investigation
of all these charges of corruption. There have
been muendoes and chaiges thrown out here, in
rather a loose and irresponsible way, affecting the
character of the members of this House, involving
them in bribery, and in being controlled- by im-
proper influences. I think it is high time to put
a stop to this system of general and incessant
slander.
Some members of this body are perhaps to
blame for giving too much weight and dignity to
vague outside rumors, and mere newspaper trash.
I was not present at the time this committee was
raised, but had I been, I should have taken the
ground that these loose inuendoes, by being in-
dorsed to some extent by being repeated on this
floor, had a greater tendency than anything else
to bring odium upon Congress. Upon these idle
rumors it was thought necessary to raise a com-
mittee of investigation; and now that the com-
t, retaining, however, my right to the floor.
EDGERTON. If the gentleman from Vtr-
mittee is raised, I should hope they would go Kills'
into the investigation cif the Whole matter, and
make a report, so that we may know whether there-
is any foundation in fact for any of these ru moras
circulated throughout the country, and repeated'
on this floor, so as to implicate, to some extent,-
the entire body.
I will move the previous question upon this res-'
olution, if 
Mr..LETCHER, (interrupting.) I ha-ve the
floor, I believe.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] was recognized by-
the Chair, and was upon the floor. The gentle-
man from Ohio made an inquiry of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and, in the opinion
of the Chair, he yielded only for a reply.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely intimated my
purpose to cut off this debate, so that we might
proceed to business. But before J make the mo-
tion, 1 will yield to the gentleman from Virginia a
moment,
Mr. EI
giniawill allow me, I wish to.say to my colleague,
[Mr. Campbell,] that I hope before he calls for
the previous que-stion, he will permit me to offer'
an amendment to the resolution. I propose "to -
amend by inserting after the name of the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] the
words " or any other member of this House,"'
and to insert after the name of Mr. Green the
words or any other person."
Mr. CAMPBELL. My judgment differs from
that of my colleague. Inasmuch as the honora-
ble gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has felt
that the imputation sought to be cast upon his
character is of sufficient importance to call the
attention of the House to it, I think it is due to
him that his request be granted; but I have no
idea myself of assuming the position here that
there is any ground Co suspect any member, until
something sufficiently definite is charged by a re-
sponsible person.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my colleague allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely wish to state that
the usual course of this Househas been, whenever
a member has felt himself assailed in his official
capacity, to regard him aB possessing a right to
demand an investigation, as the gentleman from
Virginia has now done. I therefore hope my col-
league will withdraw his objection, ana that the
resolution will be adopted unanimously.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I agree fully with my col-
league in what he has said; but it seems to me
that it is better to wait until specific charges have
been made of sufficient importance to call for in-
vestigation, and not to act upon mere idle rumors.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to allow me a word.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I had intended to have
moved the previous question; but if the gentleman
from Virginia desires to speak, I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg to say that I have not the
slightest disposition to make the slightest com-
plaint of the course of the gentleman from Ohio,
but I will say to him that this is no case of. mere
newspaper charge. **
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not so understand it,
Mr. BAYLY. If it had been a mere charge of
letter-writers, I should not have felt it due to my-
self to have said one word. But here is a com-
munication that has been sent to a committee of
this House, signed by a name that is known, at
least in this House. The gentleman from Ohio
may not know, until I inform him of it, that this
communication was made to this House substan-
tially many years ago, and it turned out that
there was so little semblance of truth about it that
the House refused to give it any attention. But,
sir, I am a little sensitive about the matter. I want
to brand the thing as it will be branded when the
facts become known.
Mr. WALSH. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will take the thing as philosophically as
I did when a communication was sent by a con-
victed thief to some blockhead down South about
me.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is not m order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
