1836
THE ? CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
July 21,
Virginia will not understand ;me as making any
sort of complaint about the course he is taking.
On the contrary, I think if a communication
about me, of that character, had been, sent to a
committee of this House by a responsible man, I
should have taken the same course that he is
taking. I think, under the circumstances, the re-
quest of the gentleman for a special committee to
investigate the matter ought to be granted. But,
sir, my.objeet is to dispose of this matter, that we
may go on with the business of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say a word before he calls the previ-
ous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to say a word as to
the action of our committee. We decided, at the
outset, that our jurisdiction, under the resolution
of the House constituting the committee, should
be limited to the present Congress and the mem-
bers f the present Congress; that we had no
power to go beyond it. And now a word with
regard to this communication. This case goes as
far back as the,Twenty-JNinth Congress, and goes
on to the last Congress in its charges against my
colleague. Under these circumstances, we con-
ceived that we had no right to investigate the mat-
ter. If we were to go back to investigate the
charges that might be brought before us, there
would be no stopping; we should not be able to
bring the investigation to a close at all. It is our
wish to bring our labors to a close as speedily as
possible, and, therefore, we have given such a
construction to the resolution as will confine our
investigations to the present Congress,
Now, one word to the gentleman from Ohio over
th" '.vay.. [Mr. Edoerton,] with regard to the
members of the present Congress, that there may
be no misunderstanding as to the duties of the
committee. I will say that, so far as members of
the present Congress are involved, the committee
will, in the discharge of their duty, ascertain the
facts so far as they are able, and report them for
the action of the House. So far as the members
of the House aie concerned, our action applies to
them, one and ail, so far as they are brought be-
fore us.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think that the decision
of the committee in that respect was very proper,
and I now apprehend their difficulty. 1 call for
the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. BAYLY. The resolution having been
adopted, the matter being one of privilege, and
being informed by my colleague that he is ready
to pioduce the communication referred to in the
resolution, J ask that.it may be at once received
and read, and the committee ordered.
[Cries of "Agreed!"]
The Clerk then read the communication, as
follows:
Washington, July ]3, 1854.
Hon. John Lftohkr, Chairman of the Committee of In-
quiry, appointed under Home resolution of the ttlh 'Jtiltu
185-1 :
Sir : The scconrl clause of the resolution of the 8th in-
stant, muter which the committee of inqunv, of winch
you art' chairman, vva^ appointed, leads follows :
" T<> inquiie whether money h;i<t been ollered to members,
oroiheriUey.il or improper means used, either directly or
indirectly, to secure the p.iwoge or defeat ot' any bill
through ('Oiurrej-f?."
J beg leave to call the attention of the committee to the
following eat?e, w Inch, (or sake of perspicuity, I Mate in
the form oftpecifie eharee>* :
Charge 1 'J'hat.W. W. Corcoran, banker, did offer to
Thoinae. H. Bayly, chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means ofihe Tlinty-Fust Conines, money, or the u?e
of money, coupled with a {imposition that said Bayly
Mmuld unite with said Corcoran iu a joint speculation in
United State* Government securities.
I ob-irrvK that the resolution doe<< not propose any inquiry
as to whether such offers of money, if made, were ac-
cepted. Bur w making this charge, I think proper to add,
that, in this particular cas«, as 1 am informed, said Hayly,
after aoihuilUthm with his father in-law, Judge Mav, de-
clined sai'i Corcoran'? proposals, for the reason that Judge
M ly did not think well of * airi proposed speculations.
Whether o  not pukI offer of the use of nion< y was re-
peated by said Corcoran to said Bayly, m connection with
or apai f from other joint or separate speculations, f atn not
prepared to n«j>ert. But thai the purpose and effect of said
off-'r was k' tu sr'cure ih< passage ot a hill through Congie^,"
or as a general ietuincr to said Bayly, who, a« chairman
of the t'nnimiPee of Ways and Means, held a control over
all the oppropna'ion bill?,'in most of which .-aid Coicoian
was directly or nid.reetly interested,^ a necessary and irre-
sistible corollary from the subsequent conduct of said Bayly,
and the facts which I herewith respectfully submit, and
hold myself ready to prove, viz :
Charge 2. Thauaid Thomas H. Bayly, as chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, of the Thirty-First
CongreefS^aiid as chaiiman of the Committee of Foreign
Affairs of,the Thirty-Second Congress, did i%use imp-oper,
it not illegal,'means," to wit, wilHuTmij-repre&entaiion and
i falsehood, involving a' breach of truH reposed in him by
j the House, and intended to deceive the House, and thereby
I <£ to secure the ■pa%$u%e " of the acts of September 26, 1850,
[ and February 10, 1862, making appropriations for the pay-
ment of the indemnity due to Mexico under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, with the full knowledge and purpose
on the part of said Bayly, that the money appropriated by
said acts would be, and the same was subsequently paid
to said Corcoran and others ; and with the/urther knowl-
I edge on the part of said Bayly that a large sum of money
j would be, and a large sum, to wit, near half a million dol-
, lais, \va> thereby lost to the United States, wlm h might
have been saved, had the reasonable wishes of the Mexi-
can Government, as to the mode of payment, been acceded
to.
Specification!. Willful misrepresentation. In this: that
whereas the Mexican Government, being m great want of
money, and under the necessity of piocuring advances at
| an interest of eighteen to twenty-four per cent, per annum
from the bankers employed by the United States to pay said
indemnity, a proposition wa  submitted, on behalf of the
Mexican Government to the United States Government,
and especially to the said Thomas II, Bayly, m ins official
character of chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and whereas, the said proposition was, that an ar-
rangement should be made eithej to pay the said indemnity
in advance of its falling due, directly to the Mexican Gov
eminent, m the same manner as the pajments under the
late treaty was made to General Almonte, the Mexican
Minister, or that drafts t-hould be accepted by the United
States Government, *o as to rendei the same negotiable,
the United Slates Government, m either case, taking a full
receipt and acquittance direct from the Mexican Govern-
ment.
Nevertheless, the said Bayly endeavored to deceive, and
did deceive, the llouse ot Representatives, by misrepre-
senting the nature ot the said proposition, submitted as
aforesaid, in hehallof the Mexican Government, and by
staling that said proposition contemplated that Dulf Green
and Ben. E. Green were to be employed as the agents and
bankers ot the United States m making said payment,
when said Bayly well knew that no Mich agency was ever
contemplated by the said proposed airaiigement.
^proitkation 2. Fah-hood. In this, that said Bayly
stated t<> the House of Repiesentafives that said Ben. LC.
Green, when acting as chaigl d'affaires of the United States
in Mexieo, had teceived, and t.uled ro account for, the
fomth and iitih installment^ of the indemnity due by Mex-
ico to citizens of the United States, under the convention
of 18-13, when said Bayly well knew that hi&saidstatement
was utterly false. And when aftei wards called upon by
another member of the House to withdiaw ^aid false charge,
he (Bayly) said : u t did not so chaige, as the repoi t ot my
speech will show, for this whole matter was invol'-ed in
i/ouW,1'—[see Cong. Globe, 1 <k!ss. Cong., page 359]—
when said Bayly well knew that said matter was not in-
volved in any doubt, because the circumstances of these
alleged payments had been investigated by Mr. Stidell,
United Slates Minister to Mexico, whose report fully ex-
onerated satd Ben. E. Green from all responsibility in the
pi causes, anil said Bay ly had tnlly examined not only Mi.
yiideir-* said report, as published m the congrestaonal rec-
ords—[Mk. Doc., No. 133, 1st sess. 29th Cong.]—but, as
he himself stated, had also examined the original docu-
meftts on tile in the estate Department; and, thuefore, must
have known that his said original chaige,and the abortion
with which he aceomp nned lu-subsequent denial ot having
made said charge, were alike faNe and calumnious.
Specification J. Willful falsehood. In tins: that after
quoting from the civil and diplomatic bill of the 3d March,
the following clause, to wit:
" For [laying tin- Apiil and July installnu'iitsoftlie Mexi-
can indemnities, due in 1844. the sum of '$'275,000• Pio
nuietli 11 -hail be ascertained to the «ati«taciiouof the Aineri
can Government, that mini installments have been paid by
the Mexican Government, to the agent appointed by the
United States to reeei\e the same, in fuch manner as.to
di.-charge all claims ori fheMexicau Government; and said
agent t<> he a delinquent hi remitting the money to th '
United States;3' the said Bayly, to give coloi to his said
false accusation of said Ben. 12. Green, and thereby to se
cure the passage o( said bills, m the lorm de&ired'by said
Coicoinu, said as follows:
" After the pa-sage of the law, to which I have referred,
Mr. Polk, thiougli Mr. Slide!!, and out consul m Mexico,
Mr, Black, lnstituled an inquiry m Mexico to ascertain, if
possible, wh'therthe contingency provided for had hap-
pened He becjtue stfliiflfri it, hud, and the money was paid.
[Congressional Globe, second session Thirty-Second Con-
page 3io. J
Wheieas, said Bayly well knmv that no part of th^
money wa> ever paid under the act quoted by him, and
tint Mr. Polk asceitamed by the said inquiries of Messrs.
Shdell ami Black that thy said contingency had not hap-
pened, arid, thetelore, refused to make any payments under
the act quoted by said Bayly ; and that the claimants, he-
cause ot Mi. Polk's sud refusal to pay under the said act,
applied at the next session of Congie-s, and pmeuted the
insertion of the following clause in the civil and diplomatic
hill of August 10, 1046, to wit:
J' For paying the principle and interest of the fourth
and fifth installments of the Mexican indemnities due 111
the year lSi4. the sum of .$320,000: Provided•, The claim-
ant'-, each foi himself, shall relinquish to the Umred States
his light to said installments: Provided, further. That each
of the claimants shall agiee to take in payment the scrip of
a stock beaung inteiest at five per cent, payable m five
years.
Respectfully submitted, BEN. E. GREEN"."
P. S. I submit herewith a copy of a report from the
Comptroller, which fully proves the charge of falsehood as
set forth in specification third. Most of the other proofs
which I wish to submit are of record, and easily produced.
But the witnesses, whom it will be necessary to caM, are
intimate friends of said Bayly, and will be very reluctant
to state any facte to his prejudice. . Nevertheless, fully
aware of the disadvantage of my position, I confidently be-
lieve that, if your committee will give me a fair chance, I
can prove all and more than I have charged.
BEN. E.GREEN.
Mr. WALSH. . Is that Green, the reformed
gambJer?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is an in-
dorsement on this communication, made, as I un-
derstand, by the chairman of the select Commit-
tee. Shall it be read ?
Mr. LETCHER. That is an indorsement
made by the committee, stating their reasons for
not investigating the matter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is also a
letter from Mr. Whittlesey accompanying the doc-
uments.
Mr. BAYLY. They have nothing to do with
the case.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House only
directed the chairman of the special committee to
report the communication of Ben. E. Green, which
has been read. The other documents accompany-
ing it are not noticed by the resolution.
Mr. BAYLY. It is not, Mr. Speaker, on my
own account, as God knows, that I take this
course; but it is or account of this House, of
which I am one of the oldest members, and whose
confidence I have, to a large extent enjoyed, as
the positions which I have occupied in this body
show, it is on that account alone, that I ask this
House to order a committee to look into this mat-
ter; and I ask the Speaker that no personal friend
of mine be put upon that committee*.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What number
of members does the gentleman propose that the
committee shall consist of?
Mr. BAYLY. I presume, seven.
Mr. WALSH. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will withdraw his resolu-
tion. It is giving entirely too much importance
to the charges of some miserable vagabond. Who
is this Green ?
. Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say a word or two'
in relation to this matter. At the time the bill
was pending before the House providing for the
payment of the indemnity to the Republic of Mex-
ico, I was induced to oppose the propositions of
the then chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Bayly ] This course I was induced
to take by allegation's made in reference to the then
Secretary of State; allegations made by the very
same parties who have filed these charges against
the gentleman from Virginia. I was at that time
indiscreet enough to rely so far on the truth of
these allegations, as to commitmyself,to a partial
extent, before the House. But the result was
'this, that these parties never could and never did
furnish me with the first fact to substantiate the '
allegations made, and which I was instanced to
reproduce to some extent before this House. Ex-
perience, then, has taught me the folly of relying
upon any statement of the gentleman who make
these charges. I object therefore to raising any
committee, because f know that such will be the
end of it; that tt will all end in smoke.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the gentleman from Virginia to move
that this matter be referred to a committee of
seven, with power to send for persons and pa-
pers ?
Mr. BAYLY. That is my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to make a suggestion
to the House, which l hope will meet its appro-
bation, and which I think will answer all the pur-
poses of the appointment of a committee. My
suggestion is, whether we cannot express the
opmiorf of the House uptin the charges contained
in that paper by a motion to lay the whole pro-
ceedings upon the table, and thus give it a more
emphatic reprobation than if it were referred to a
committee.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I move the
previous question.
§ previous question was seconded, and the
uestion was ordered to be put; and being
r. Bayly's motion was agreed to.
pamela'brown.
The question then recurred upon ordering
House bill (No. 176) "for the relief of Pamela
Brown," to b"e engrossed and read a third time;
