978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April "14,
good", and provisions, to the Camanclies, Kioways, and
oilier Indians on U e Arkansas river, $l52i<0 5
To pny lor certain good* borrowed by late ajjont J. S.
W.urous, to fulfill treaty stipulations with the Chippewa's,
to be replaced out ot annuity good?., but \vlucli, with the
agency bu'ldmg, were consumed by the, jn Maj, 1853,
&4,W6 03;
For paj ment to the Winnebago nation ot Indians of cer-
tain unexpended balances of appiopriations under various
treaties, on account of annuities, education, piovi&tous,
good.-. Sec., $ 10,0o4 69;
For psivinent ot balance found due the Creek Indians fur
losses  usmined during the war with Great Butam, by ihat
portion of the tribe who were friendly to, and coopeiated
with, the United States, 111 addition to the appiopriation ol
the Mth of AnguM, $0.")3 L0,
For payment to certain Cr^ek 1 ndian4? for their individual
reserves, sold with the approbation of the Secretary of
War m the year 1841, the Commissioner of Indian Aflairs
having leeeivud the consideration for the u*e of t?aid I mh.ms
m certificate® of deposit on the Planters' and Mechanics'
Bank ot Columbus, Geomia, which tailing, while, said cer
titieates were m the lianth of the Commissioner, became
lost to .-aid Indian*, 6'jU;
For the second and third often installments of provisions
and merchandise, in addition to lorm<>r appropriations, for
pavment ol annuities and ti<m?portation of same to certain
tribes ot Indians, per "seventh aiticle of the treaty at Foit
Laiamie, of Hth of September, 1*51, .^21,f)h0 ;
for the fouith ot ten installments in pi ovtsions and nicr-^
ehamliMJ, for payment of annuities ami transportation of
the same to ceitiun tribes ol Indians, per •seventh article ot
the treaty ot Foit Larauue, ot 17th ol September, 1851,
^7-i,UUU.
Mr. BELL. I think we oujjhttohave some
explanation from the chairman of the Committee
on Finance in regard to the amendment proposing
to appropriate $100,000 for treaties with, and
presents to, the wild tribes of Indians on the east-
ern boundary of Washington Territory. I do
not remember that any of these tribes of Indians
are on this side the Rocky Mountains, and the
$100,000 is proposed to he appropriated, as I
undeistand by reading the amendment, merely
for treating with th< m. Now, sir, if it was pro-
posed to appropriate for tieating with the Indians
anywhere connected with the present settlement
of the United States, and it was necessary to send
an expedition and a squadron of horse ormfautry
to accompany commissioners to treat with them,
and for the transportation of supplies, I can
readily see that it would be very costly; butupon
no ground that 1 know of, or can conceive of,
except one, is there any utility in making these
treaties at all; and that one is, if it should be as-
certained that the northern route surveyed by
Governor Stevens should be the proper one for the
construction of the Pacific raihoad. It that is ati
ascertained fact, i can see some propriety in this;
but 1 have not yet understood that it has been as-
certained that that loute is a practicable one at all.
1 am not opposed to an approptiation, or even a
bill, if one we 1 e introduced to make an upproprm- |
tioti of lands, and to give the aid of this Govern- i
ment, so far as it is proper to do it, for (he con- ;
rtrucuon of the road; hut it seems to me that this ;
is an appropriation in advance ol the facts, which
iue important to be ascertained. For what other
purpose do you want to treat with these Indians
except that? They are a thousand miles removed
fr<>m any white settlement on either side of the
Uocky Mountains. 1 think that item ought to
be excepted from the general vote, so that the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Finance
may give a foil explanation of it.
Mr. HUNTER. This proposition has nothing
to do with a route for a railroad. The design is
to prevent wars among the Indians, arid to secure
peace to the emigrants passing over the country.
The estimate of Governor Stevens was not quite
so large as is now asked for by the Department,
but it was found that the furnishing of provisions
to the tribes would amount to some fr"2o,000 or
S*27,OUO. That is an expense of less than five dol-
lars per head. This includes not only the expense
ol'fted.ng them when they are got together— ;
and Governor Stevens had a conference at Fort j
Gibson with some of them—hut the distribution
of presents among them to keep the peace, not :
only with regard to one another, but in regaid to >
the whites. It is stated that the assurances which j
Governor Steyens gave them have already been of ;
si.rne use in keeping the Biackfeet in peace. It is
proposed now to collect a great many of the In- |
/bans, not only we.3t? but east of the Rocky '
Mountains, and to have a conference to secure the '
peace of the country. I have here the communi-
cation of the Indian Department upon which the ,
estimate is founded. j
Mr. BELL. 1 only wanted the chairman of !
the committee to state the facts. I deny that there |
is any line of communication over that part of the |
country. There is no route over which the emi- ;
grants pass that i know of, or that I ever heard
of. 1 imagine that the whole appropriation is pred-
icated on the idea that we ought to have a rail-
road constructed there. Take that away, and I
can see no possible ground for the appropriation.
Now, with regard to the Indians themselves,
we know that they will fight. We have been
making treaty after treaty with the Sioux. That
does not prevent them massacieing each other,
and the neighboring tribes, and from engaging in
regular wais with them. 1 can see no use what-
ever m the appropriation, unless it has reference
to the project which I have stated. If that be as-
certained and established to be a practicable route,
1 have no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate has no refer-
ence to that route. I believe Governor Stevens
states that he did find a wagon route that would
answer for emigrants, but that is a minor consid-
eration. The object for which the appropria-
tion is asked is to keep the peace between the
Indians, prevent inroads into the Territory, and
; their attacking the emigrants and each other. It
; has been thought that the policy, to some extent,
1 of feeding and making presents to the Indians, iw-
! stead of making war with them, is not only more
' humane, but 111 the end more economical.
! Mr. BELL. We have had 110 wars with them,
nor they with us.
Mr. HUNTER. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
We shall be called upon for a pretty heavy ap-
propriation for wars with one of the tribes of
Indians. I am told that a very small amount
1 expended in piesents would have prevented them.
1 Mr. 15 ELL. One of these tubes?
i Mr. HUNTER. Not one of these tribes; but
' in the Teiritory of Oregon.
Mr. HELL. That is a diiferent region alto-
gether.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken in
that. The council will comprehend tribes not only
east but west of the Rocky Mountains. It com-
prehends the Biackfeet, who, as 1 understand,
range on both sides, and are troublesome on both.
It is the design to have the Indiana on both sides
included, if the Secretary will read what Gov-
ernor Stevens says, the Senator will be in the
possession of the grounds for the appropriation.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not pretend to make any fur-
ther opposition to it.
The Secretary read as follows, from a commu-
nication of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs:
" tJi^ Kxeelloncv Isaac I. Steven-!, on Ins recent explo-
ration ot a ttorihein roule, >epor?-> that he met wall a rno-t
lnciKll> reception by all the Indian tribe* w Inch he encomi-
leied ; >ct ,liter t oir-ull.itt'ni with a^dit \ auyhan and Mr.
( 'uUmm i-on a gentleman fonir le^identaiiion^ the^o Indian-,
anil on account ol the well known vvathke character and
ho-tiie ('•clin<: of Mime ol the tribe* located on the ea-st and
\vu t s-uh d or the eastern range of theltneky Mountain-*, ho
esteems it m ce^iuv that a conned be held wnh all the
tube* in that vicinity not parties to thetieaty ot Foit Lara-
mie, lor the pmpoM' ot conciliation them b> means ot pre>-
cuk of eoods and piovwions, and .hat the council be held
1 during the coming Miminer at Fori Benton, on the Upper
I Mu-MHin.
! ' i'\>i accomplishing thi- purpose Go\ernorStoven<« e^ti-
] mates that tf.it',()(k) would be reqtined tor pie<-ents and i
1 tian-portation ; i-5,000 tor provisions-; tfl.1,000 lor incidental
I expense*; and .*10,000 to enable a number of chiefs of the
1 pi 1 ncipal tribes t'<> visit thn I'le-ulent ot the United Htate<
' "The, tubes which he piopo-es to invite to the council
| are Ihe (Tio^vetitie^j I'ejians, Hlood', and Black.'eet, east 0}
\ the mountain range, and all the tube^ we*t ol the «:une
i ram e vvi'h whom the\ aieat vainnce. Agent \ au han,
' in Iih animal report, aiso urgently recommends that a
! treaiv Mimlar to the treaty at Fort Laramie he made with
! thr Crosvrnnot-- and the H hick feet tnbe< lie estimate* th;e
; lilacklcer nation to number about 10,800, and thuGiosven-
1 tie.sn.7MI.
i " Governor Stevens estimates the lllnckfeet nation, eni-
biaeinir ihe IVsns, Blood, and Blackteet tribes, at 14,400,
and Mr C'ulbeii^oii at 14,000.
" Their nun.her, lieretoiore, ha« generally been estimated
as mu< li gieater, which i* doubtless to be useubed to their
roving, bold, and waihke chaiacter.
" Assuming, then, that the number Is? about 14,000, and
the GiOsventres H,7b0, the uumhej of Indians m the tubes
west ol the mountain range, which Governor Stevens pro-
poses to mvile to the council, may probably be stated at
( ,U0o to J 0,000, winch will make the een*u* of the tribes to
be invited to the council and tarnished with pi esents?, 25,000
to 37,0110.
" Governor Stevens estimates that there would lie needed
about one bundled tons ol tian^portation ; and assuming
tins to be about Ihe eorrecf amount, m view of the remote-
ness of the points of delivery, and the dangers of the navi-
gation ot the Mi^ouri river, and also becau<e presents are
proposed to be made to the Indians of *0 many and so pop-
ulous nations, i am led to believe that the estimate made
by Governor Steven^ for goods, provisions and transporta-
tion, is 100 low. and that if the council is to he held as pro-
posed, a supply ot goods and piovisions should be distnbu-
ted to the Indians more plentifully than tunds to theamount
of !us estimate wonid procure.
\ have, therefore, to state tnv approbation of the propo-
rtion of Governor Stevens in re&p< ct tothe council, and to
recommend that an appropnauon be asked toi,of -$100,000,
to be placed at the disposal of the Depaiunent, tor the ex-
penses or holding a council with, ami making presents of
goods and provisions lo, the Binekleet, Grobventres, and
otbei wild uibfs o! Tndnuis, immediately witlim, 01 adja-
cent to the eastern boumkuy of Washington Territory, and
to del ray the expense of eonve\nig a delegation ol the chiefs
of those tubes to Wa-lunyton city.'5
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Virginia
stated that the amount proposed by the amend-
ment is greater than Governor Stevens recom-
mends. What did he lecommendr
Mr. HUNTER. About £60,000. I think the
communication of the Commissioner of Indian
AiTctirs states the reason why it is proposed to
increase it.
Mr. PEARCE, Governor Stevens takes a
large and comprehensive view of these matters;
and 1 suggest that he would recommend all that
was desirable in this case. I think the estimate
which he gives would be quite as large &s it is de-
sirable that the Senate should pass, i doubt very
much whether there is any great pressing neces-
sity at this time for concluding treaties of peace
with the Indians between the Rocky Mountains
and that part of the Territory of Washington in
which there is any settlement. Certainly one con-
sequence of this appropriation will be a large
array of Government officers. It will lead to
a considerable amount of money being paid to
Indian agents and sub-agents. 1 think, therefore,
it will be bettei to limit it, at all events, to the
amount proposed by Governor Stevens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wiil suggest that the question first be taken or>
such amendments as are not objected to; tfnd then
it would be in order to amend the amendment to
which reference is now made. If desired, the ques-
tion will now be taken on all the amendments
except that one.
The question was taken; and they were agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now upon the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
reduction, I do not care about the sum. I have
followed the estimate-of the Indian Department,
I believe it is important that something should be
appropriated, because these tribes have been in-
vited to meet in council. They will meet there in
great numbers; and if there is not provision made
for them, there will be a difficulty.
Mr PC ARC E. i move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting m place of " $100,000" the
amount which Governor Stevens esrimates for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on striking out " $100,000" and inserting
'«$80,000."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. PRATT. If the S'enator from Tennessee
is right, I do not think there should be any appro-
priation for the purpose indicated by the amend-
ment. If. as He says, the tribes for whom it is
proposed to make an appropriation, are not within
a thousand mites of any white settlement, antl
that there is 110 emigrant route which goes near
their habitation, i do not see the reason for com-
mencing treaties with the numerous nations of In-
dians who jire so far removed from us as not to
interfere with us at nil, or with our people who
are guin;r from one section of the country to the
other. There is no necessity for the appropri-
ation, if the Senator from Tennessee is right; and
t (to not understand the Senator from Virginia to
(i)lf'er from him in regard to the facts. It is known
to us that if we once commence the system of
treating with the numerous nations of Indians
mentioned in the report which has been read, we
shall increase every year our appropriations to
each of them. It is not presents for this year
alone for which we are malting ourselves respon-
sible, but it is the commencement of future ap-
propriations for the tribes mentioned; so that, in
all future time, we shall have an annual increase of
the appropriation for these different purposes. If
the Senator from Tennessee is right, as I presume
he is, I do not think the appropriation ought to
be piade.
