1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ATCHISON", (Mr. Stuart occupying the i
chair.) It seems to me that if the argument of 1
the Senator from Maryland is worth anything at
all, it goes to the whole appropriation.
Mr. PRATT. I say so.
Mr. ATCHISON. Now, if I understand the
matter aright, this appropriation is asked for on
account of, and the necessity for it grows out of,
communications of Governor Stevens to the Indian
department. The Senator says, this is not on the
line of any route to Oregon or Washington.
Mr. PRATT. So, i understand.
Mr. ATCHISON. It is not at this time, it is
true. The main line is through the South Pass,
but the probability is, that in future, this will be
the route for those from the extreme northwestern
States, being the nearestand best route to the Ter-
ritory of Washington.
Now, sir, the Government of the United States
has never had a treaty with the Blackfeet. We
have an agent on the head waters of the Missis-
sippi, who has had u talks" with them for many
years, but yet we have never had a treaty with
them. They are anxious now, it seems, from
Governor Stevens's report and other reports, to
treat with the United States, and for a very obvious
reason. They see other bands of Indians in their
neighborhood obtaining annuities from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and they desire to
be bound to the Government by the same ties that
their neighbors, the Crows, and other Indians are.
They say further, as I am informed by Mr. Cul-
berson > who was a trader among them for many
years, that the means of subsistence are now
giving out. They have heretofore subsisted on the
buffalo. They have followed the buffalo from the
head waters of the Mississippi to the waters of
the Yellow Stone, and frequently south of the
Yellow Stone. The buffalo are now giving out.
The means of subsistence, which were formerly
so abundant among them, are becoming scarcer
and scarcer; and every year hundreds of them die,
it is said, from starvation.
They have been informed by other Indians, and
by traders, that the Government of the United
States has agents among the various tribes of
Indians; that the Government sends to them mis-
sionaries, blacksmiths, and other persons, teaching
them the arts of civilization, by which they will
hereafter bTsupplied with the means of subsist-
ence. The Blackfeet are anxious to be placed in
this category, in the same condition with other
Indians. If this be so, I can see no reason why
they should not be placed on the same footing.
If they desire to commence the work of civiliza-
tion, they should have the means of doing so, and
the means must be furnished by the United States.
You must furnish them with blacksmiths and with
farmers; and to do this, you must treat with them.
My opinion is, that the sum of $100,000 is little
enough for the purpose.
Mr. PRATT. The amendment proposes to
appropriate $80,00.0.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then the argument is still
stronger. If £100,000 be necessary, surely #80,000
is little enough. I think, sir, that the demand
of the Blackfeet is right, just, and proper; that
they should be treated as other Indians east and
west of them are. We have treaties with the Ore*
gon Indians, with the Indians of Washington Ter-
ritory—bands that roam from the Pacific ocean to
the Cascade Mountains, and across to the Rocky
Mountains—who are in communication with the
Blackfeet. Then the Crows, the Sioux, the Paw-
nees, and the Camanchec, and all the other Indians
have treaties with us. Perhaps the Blackfeet
are now the only exceptions to this general rule.
Then, sir, I think it is good policy to treat with
them. I am satisfied that to transport $20,000 or
§30,000 worth of presents into the Blackfeet coun-
try, would require three times the amount of the
original cost of the goods. Then §80,000 is cer-
tainly necessary.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand from the Indian
Department, that the cost of transportation for
presents will \^e very heavy, I think something
like twelve or fourteen cents per pound. That is
one reason for the increased estimate. I under-
stand, also, that it is desired to treat with the tribes
which range on both sides of the mountains in
Washington Territory, as well as along the route.
It is true that Governor Stevens looks to the fur-
ther probability that there may be an emigrant
route along that direction, and I think he says a
wagon pass has been found. But in order that
the Senate may see the grounds on which the
Department rest this appropriation,! ask that the
letter of Governor Stevens may be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Office of Superintendent or Indian Affairs, )
Olympia, Washington Territory, >
January 31, 1854. )
Sir: [ have the honor to inform you that i have this
morning received from Lieutenant Mnllan, in charge of a
winter post m the valley of the St. Mary's river, in con-
nection with my exploration, a report ol outrages commit-
ted by the Blaehfect Indians since the pcuod of my pass-
ing through their country, a copy of which is herewith in-
closed. It seems that, notwithstanding the promises made
to me in council at Fort Benton, they are still committing
their ten lble depredations; and I consular that the convening
of the council at Fort Benton during next summer, which
I recommended m communications liom that point, is be-
come a matter of necessity. It is my belief that the chiefs
whom T met at Fort Benton are abiding by their promises ;
but their young men are numerous, and require a stringent
course to compel them to abandon their accustomed depre-
dations. It is mentioned by Lieutenant Muflan that the
traders at the posts o( the American Fin Company purchase
horses of the Indians without inquiries as towheiethey
were obtained ; and it is my impression that those in charge
of thes>u posts have not paid sufficient attention to this mat-
ter.
I will most urgently repeat my recommendations to con-
vene the council at Fort Benton ;and, though 1 would still
tuither try the influence of kindness with these .Indians,
my opinion is that a military force should be present at the
time ot'the council, and that a military post should be estab-
lished at this pomt. If, then, after a luir trial oi'the influence
of kind treatment, outrages continued to be committed, the
force of Government-should be brought to bear upon inern
with greal foiee. A report just received from Mr. Finkhmn,
one of the civil engineers of my exploration, state% that in
crossing the Rocky Mountains, for the third tune during the
fall, he look a ttaif which carried him through a pass which
oven now will permit of the parage of an eiuigi ant wagon
It seerri>> to tin* that a route for emigiation is now open
which will come into competition with the route through
the South Pass. By steameis, emigrants can probably
ascend the Missouri river as. fai a« Fort P.enton, and cei-
tanily as high as the mouth of the Milk river, cairjiug with
them their effects, and driving their cattle along the river
trails. Fiom either point good wagon routes lead to the
parses «f the mountains, and to the St. Maiy's Valley.
Fot the protection of om emigrants, as well as to secure
peace between the I ndtans, the importance of the council
at Fort Benton become!! more and more obvioiN ; and 1
cannot doubt that a mil itaiy force ouaht to be present, and
a military post be established at that place. Mi. James
Doty, in cbaige of a meteorological post at Fort Benton, w
engaged in collecting all possible information concerning
the Blackfeet Indians; and by the hands ol Lieutenant
Grover, who is expected to arrive here in March, I shall
probably leceive a full report, which will be immediately
communicated to the Department.
Very respectfully, sir, vour mo«t obedient,
ISAAC I. STEVENS,
Governor of Washington Territory,
and Superintendent of Indian Affairs.
Col. George W. Manypenny,
Commissioner of Indian Jljfairs,
Washington City, V. C.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I regard this appro-
priation, Mr. President, as a very important one.
I noticed the suggestion made by Governor Ste-
vens some time since, in his report on that section
of the country, and I think the making of it will
save very many lives. I believe that the route
over which he passed is destined to become a very
important thoroughfare; and 1 am sure that nothing
can be more important than at this time to propi-
tiate the good will of these remote and distant
tribes, of which I know nothing except as we
hear from them through a wandering agent or re-
porter.
I have met with the same gentleman to whom
the Senator from Missouri alluded—Mr. Culber-
son. He has spent twenty or thirty years of his
life among these Indians. He is in no way intei-
ested in this matter; and he thinks that it is of
very great importance to our Indian relations in
that quarter that this appropriation should be
made. I understand it to be recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior, as well as by Governor
Stevens and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
I have a great respect for the recommendation of
these officers, and, in this case, especially for that
of Governor Stevens, whom I regard as one of
the ablest men in the service of the Government
—a far-seeing statesman, who is destined to ren-
der important service to the Territory over which
he presides. I trust that his suggestion in this
instance will be carried into effect.
The amendment as amended was agreed to-,
Mr. HUNTER. There are some other
amendments made necessary by the treaties
which have recently been ratified; and I will ask j
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, j
if he has prepared those amendments from his j
committee? If not, I will offer them; but 1 shall I
have to offer them in my individual capacity at
present, as I have not conferred with the commit-
tee on the subject.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs will take charge of them.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I have nothing further
to propose from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jipril 24, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of Senate bill for
the relief of James Jeffries and Jeremiah M. Smith,
upon which a motion was pending to refer to the
Committee of the Whole House, and also a motion
pending to refer to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, upon which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Ewing] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. EDGERTON, by unanimous consent of
the House, presented a joint resolution of the State
of Ohio in favor of the passage of a bill dividing
that State into two judicial districts; which was
read by the Clerk, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELLISON presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Ohio upon the same subject;
which received the same reference.
Mr. BER.NH1SEL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed 10 inquire into the expediency (if placing the Legislative
Assembly of the Ternloiy of Utah on the same footing as
regards eleiks, as those of Minnesota and New Mex-
ico; and that stud committee report by bill, or otherwise.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill to refund the balance due to Massachu-
setts for disbursements during the late war with
Great Britain.
Mr. GREY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolutions:
1. Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
report to the [louse of Representatives why the mail ser-
vice wa-s not" let" and contracted for on the river routes,
1st. From Louisville, Kentucky, to Evaneville, Indiana,
and back, daily; 2d. Fiorn Evatisville to Cairo, Illinois,
and hack, daily; 3d. From Cairo to St. Louis, Missouri,
and back, daily; according to the advertisement of Stat
December, 1K2, and hie eleventh section of the act of Con-
gress, approved 31st August, 1852, which made il the " duty
of the Postma-ter General to i^sue proposals and contract
(or the tiansportauoii ot a daily mail" on those ioutes,t: on
suitable and safe steamboats." The bids, by terms of the
adveitiseni<Mil, to be received in the Post Office Depart-
ment "until three o'clock p. m.,of the ltlth day of Feb-
ruary, 1853. to be decided bv 1st of March, and seiviee to
commence on the 1st July following, and continue for four
yeais.
2. Resolved, That he furnish copies of all the contracts
and bids, and "proposals" for contracts and bids, which
have been made wuli, proposed to, or received from Thom-
as Siurloek and Z. M. Shirley, or either of them, or with,
to, or trom any other person or person", togethei with copies
of all the amendments, alterations, ptmlcges, extensions,
or restrictions authorized and permuted, or assumed and
exercised, and o< all orders lor additional compensation,
except what appears on the face of the contractor contracts,
on tins said route from Louisville to St. Louis, or any part
of it, sinoe March, 18r.i. Also, ihe greatest number of
" mail messengeis," k* route agents," local agent?, and em-
ployees. that now are, or have at any one lime dunng the
above period, been engaged m, or connected with, the ser-
vice on th.it route, (exclusive of postmasters)—at what
points engaged, and the salary per quaiter or per annum of
each one ol them; also, who are now the contractors from
Louisville to St. Loins, and in what manner each and all
ol said contracts were made, whether privately or by being
let to Ihe lowest bidder; also, what inteiuiediate ofticei
between Louisville, and St. Louis have been authorized to.
be supplied by each contract on that route since Starchy
1851 and bow often per week eaeii and eveiy on,e of those
offices were to he supplied undei ihose contracts or arrange-
ments since March, 1851, cii either one of them, anil why
the official reports fimn the Postmaster general, as pub-
lished! n the " Jll tie Hook," state the secyice between Louis-
ville and St. Louis is perform,eti for §;4t),2-22 23, When the
allowance to the contractors on that route is $70,000 per
yeai, exclusive of " rotate agents," "local agents," " mes,
sengers," &c.
