1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
mm
and being put,the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly^read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third tiftfe.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee^ I wish to inquire
-.of thejChair whether the previous question does
not still operate, and whether the gentleman from
Iridiafla has now the right to make his motion,
and^ebate it ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question is exhausted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel that it ismy duty
to call the attention of this House fm\a few min-
utes—perhaps not to exceed five minutes—to this
bill. As the chairman of thecommittee to which
this bill was referred, it became my duty to in-
vestigate it. The committee did investigate it,
and reported upon it. But when it came back to
the House, there was a bill from the Senate upon
the eamecutse, containing precisely the piovisiuns
which are contained in the amendment which has
been reported from a Committee of the Whole
House. When that bill came up in the House it
was laid upon the table.
1 was not in the Hall on Friday last when this
bill was considered in Committee of the Whole,
and when this amendment, to which I object, was
adopted. I tried to get the floor this morning be-
fore the question was upon the amendment, but
having failed, and the amendment having been
dopted, I now feel it to be my duty to explain its
effect.
Mrs Brown applied at the Pension Office for
the pension to which she claimed she was entitled
under the general law of 1802 That application
was rejected because she could not prove her claim.
She could not establish the fact that her husband
died of the wounds received in the war of 1812,
and her application was, for that reason, rejected,
and she came here and asked for special relief at
the hands of Congress. And why? Becauseshe
could not establish her case according to the tech-
nical rules adopted at the Pension Office. She
comes here and undertakes to establish substan-
tially before Congress what she could not estab-
lish technically before the Department, and asks
Congress to grant her relief.
And what would she have received, if she had
succeeded in establishing her claim to a pension
under the law of ISO*'^ She would havereceived
$100 per month for five years. And if she had
established her right to a pension under the law
of 18315, she would have received a peftsion of
thirty dollars a month for five years. That is the
law now in force, and under that law she could
not have received more than the amount I have
named. These were the facts under which the
case came before us, and I ask the Mouse if it was
the duty of the committee to have repoited more
as special relief than she would have received
under the general law, if she had been able to es- ;
tablish her claim technically at thePension Office ? :
The committee with which 1 am connected have
adopted as their lule, that where special relief is
granted, that special reltef shall be made ro corres-
pond as nearly as possible to the general law.
General laws were established on mature and de-
liberate consideration to cover a class of cases.
The committee have adopted as a rule that they
will not take special cases which cannot be proved
at the Pension Office, and put them on a better
footing than those which can. Why not give
Mrs. Brown the same relief which she would have
obtained had she proved her case in the Pension
Office? I know of no reason. The bill, as
amended, gives her a pension equal to the half
pay of her husband as Major General from 1838
up to this time, and to continue during her natural
lite. 1 do not know what it will amount to, nor
can we exactly tell until it is submitted to the 1
Attorney General for his consideration. If it be
the pay proper, then she would receive $100 per
month since 1838. If it be the general receipts of
Major General, then she would receive $900 per
month since 1838. I will now yield to the ?pn-
tleman from Virginia, who* desires to make a few
remaiks.
Mr. FAULKNER. I thank my friend from
Indiana [Mr* Hexdricrs] for the privilege of
making one or two remarks on this bill. When
it was first announced this morning, I sought to
obtain the floor, and to call attention to its pro-
visions; but I was arrested by a stern and vocif-
erous demandpfor the previous question. I have
not risen to question Mrs. Brown's claim for -a
pension. Par from it. No member of this body
would more promptly solace her declining days
by some unmistakable evidence of the gratitude
of her country than 1 would. I well remember,,
when but a mere youth, the delight which I de-
rived from a motion made by General Harrison,
then a member of the Senate, to confer on 'her a
pension. I gave expression to my feelings 1y1 the
first article which I ever wrote for a newspaper.
1 am therefore not opposed to giving her a liberal
pension; but I am opposed to this bill as it now
stands, because, instead of a pension, itj^estows
an enormous fortune upon that lady, f was in
the House when the amendment was offered, a
week ago. It attracted but little attention at the
time, owing to the difficulty of learning precisely
what its character was. It certainly attracted
very little of my attention. Observing it the next
day in the Daily Globe, 1 made a calculation of
the amount bestowed by the amendment. I saw
that the words " proper pay" of a Major General
was not used, but such monthly pay as her hus-
band was entitled to at his death, i found that if
restricted in its construction to proper pay, it was
giving her in hand $19,000,and §1,200 per annum
—if it received a more liberal construction, such
as the language of the amendment would justify,
it was giving her from #38,000 to #5G,000, accoid-
ing to the position which General Brown might
have been occupying at his death, and from §2,500
to $3,500 per annum for the balance of her life,
According to the same rule.
I made out a statement of my view of this law,
and forwarded it to the Commissioner of Pensions,
with the request that he would advise.me of the
construction which he would place on this amend-
ment if it became a law, and what amount he
woukl feel required to pay under liy terms. Sev-
eral days have elapsed since I addresed that letter
to Judge Waldo, and although I requested an im-
mediate Answer, t have not, up to this hour, heaid
a word from him. I have, within the last half
hour, sent a page to the Pension Office to hasten
his reply. The messenger has not yet returned.
Now, sir, it is certain, under this law, if passed,
we shall vote to Mrs Brown at least $19,0U0 in
hand, and perhaps $5G,0U0. If we are disposed
to violate the whole object and spirit of the pen-
sion system, and to substitute enormous fortunes
for pensions, let us at least do it understandmgly.
That js all ( ask. Do not let us vote it in the dark,
and protect ourselves behind the plea that we were
entrapped by the phraseology of the law, and did
not know what we were doing. This House
shall have no such pretext for its action upon this
< ccasion. The language of the amendment is
very intelligible to the few who comprehend the
mode m which the pay of an officer of the Army
js calculated. It bestows an enormous sum—far
beyond what any one would for a moment con-
template as a proper pension provision—and far
beyond hat the country would tolerate if they
are made acquainted with it. I repeat, sir, I am
for a just and liberal pension, but 1 am against
the bestowal of fortunes, the lion's share of which,
in all probability, is to go to some scheming and
voracious ag^nt.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. With the permission
of the gentleman from Indiana, 1 will make a word
of reply to the gentleman from^Virginia. The
gentleman said that when this mattter was under
consideration, a few days ago, it elicited very little
attention. It attracted great attention. There-
port of the Committee on Invalid Pensions was
read by the Clerk at the request of members. Re-
ports have been made for the' last thirteen years,
in favor of giving this poor widow of seventy-nine
years of age a pension. The report was read, and
the committee, in voting, fully understood the
case.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will a?k the gentleman
from Ohio, if the bill will not, hy oneenn-sirufiion
of it, piare $50,000 in the hands of this lady ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I undeistand this: that favor-
able reports hnve been mnde m this case from
1838 to this time, recommending th:-t she might
receive half the pay proper for her deceased hus-
band, oi.e of the most gallant men ever known in
the American service, it h.is been withheld from
that time to this, about $100 a month, which I am
willing she should now receive.
Mr. HENBRlCKS. Thettriountto which Mra;
Brown would be entitled, defends upon the Ipvir
under which she would'receive it/' lender the lavi?
of 1802 she would receive half of the p4y re-
ceived by her deceased Husband at the time of Ms
death, which would amount to glOOt per month*ad
the whole pay of the deceased would be $200,
Why this distinction and this uricertainijr m le-
gislating for this lady. She is to be"given, irihahff,
§20,000, at the lowe&t rate, and $1,200 a yt'af as
long as she lives. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr.
Taylor] just stated that Mrs. Brown was seventy-
nine years of age.
Mr. TAYLOR. I understood she was seventy-,,
nine, but a friend near me says sixty-nine. J
hope she may Jive twenty years more.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken in her age. The committee, at the
time the bill was reported, understood, from the
evidence before them, that she was seventy-nine
years of age. That is my understanding now,
I do not care whether she is sixty-nine or seventy-
nine. If the object is\o give her $20,000, I say
it is not intended for her, but other*. The $1,200
a year will be for her, and it will be as jarge, if
not the largest, pension ever given—$1Q0 per
month. The gratuity of $20,000 is for others.
The object of the pension laws in this country
is not, as in England, to create large estates in
favor of particular families; but it is to provide
reasonably and properly for those who have served
jthecountiy. Our general laws express the opin-
i ion of Congress from time to time as to the proper
j piovision to be made. We are giving to the &ol-
I diers whoseived with General Brown,and fought
j as well as he, eight dollars per month, and to the
widows of soldiers who have died six dollars a
month for five years. There is no influence
brought into this House, or the other end of the
Capitol, to get anything more in these cases; but
Mrs. Brown and her family must be more mag-
nificently provided for than any family that- has
ever yet been provided for by the Government. I
do not call into question the bravery, gallantry,
and distinguished services of,General Brown. I
admit ail that is claimed for them. The report I
made to this House admits them to the full extent,
and no gentleman wjll go further than I will in an
appreciation of these services; but I am in favor
of general legislation; and if we have generallaws
for the relief of the soldiers of the country and
their widows, we should not go beyond them, and
make special laws.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Will the gentleman from
Indiana permit me a moment, to make an obser-
vation?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to make an expla-
nation on behalf of my colleague. This case has
been long pending in this body; and the report to
which my colleague has alluded has been often
before this body. I am of opinion that fifteen years
since, a very distinguished member of this Houses
from Massachusetts—Mr. John Reid—made the
very disclosures m relation to this case that have
j been made now by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendricks,] and the gentleman from Vir-
! ginia, [Mr. Faulkner.] He then instanced how
I wp act without proper information, and showed
j how we have totally dissipated the $5,000,000—
i the naval pension fund. [Laughter.] -As often
as this case has been pending it has been rejected.
! Mr. HENDRICKS. The widow of General
Brown would have had a pension long ago,had she
! been satisfied with that provided for by that law
, which governs in all such cases, when applica-
! tion was made to the pension office. But that was
j not sufficient. A fortune was asked to be given
! to her. That is the reason why reports'have been
1 made from year to year, and yet no pension given.
• That is the reason why I oppose this proposition
! now. I feel it to be my duty to oppose it; an.d I
j should beglad if I felt it my duty to go in favor of
, the bill. 1 was in favor of a bill to give a pensionf
| to Mrs. Brown. I am now in favor of a bill which
i will give such a pension to her as the widows of
j other major generals receive who die in the service
\ of their country; but I am not willing to go beyond
j that. I am not willing to give to other persons
I besides the widow $20,OUO, or §56,000, as the
case may be; and 1 think the construction will be
in favor of the $56,000. I am willing to have a
decent support provided for the widowof Genera
