1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
of dragoons under Colonel Henry Dodge, on the
first day of July, 1833, for three years.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 desire to ask a question
of the gentleman who reported the hill, [Mr. Ed-
mands.] Is this bill reported entirely upon the
evidence of the petitioner himself? The report
goes on to state that " he has repeatedly endeav-
ored, he declares," &c.
Mr. EDMANDS. There was other evidence
besides the declaration of the petitioner himself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Bills are never reported
upon parties' own evidence.
Mr. HAMILTON. The report in this case
says so.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be laid aside, and reported to the House.
The next bill m oider upon the Calendar, was
House btl! (No. 130) "for the relief of Samuel
W. Brady."
The bill provides for placing his name upon the
pension roll for life.
The report was read; from which it appears
tliat Rrady was m the battle of Chepultepec, and
received an injury by falling from its wails, which
entitles him to a pension; that he was discharged
from Company E. on the 28th of March, 1848,
with a surgeon's certificate of ordinary disability.
^ There being no objection, the bill was ordered
\to be laid aside, and reported to the House.
' The bill next in order upon the Calendar, was
House bill (No. 131) "for the relief of the heirs
of Joseph Gerard."
The bill and report were then read.
Mr. Mace objecting, the bill was accordingly
laid over.
The bill next in order upon the Calendar, was
House biil (No. 134) "for the relief of Fayette
Rlauzy, and Robert G. Ward."
The bill and leport weie then read.
It appears from the record evidence produced to
the commute?, and accompanying the petition,
that the United States recovered, in the district
court of the United States for the eastern district
of Virginia, a judgment against the petitioners for
the sum of six hundred and fifteen dollars sixty-
two and a half cents, ($615 62§,) with interest
thereon from the 2d day of April, 1841—the same
being: the amount due the Post Office Department
by William Ward, late postmaster at Culpeper
couit-house, Virginia. It further appears that the
United States recovered in another suit in the same
court, but at a different term, a decree m chancery
against John Morrison and others; and that, from
the proceedings had therein, it appears that Robert
G. Ward, one of the defendants, had erroneously
paid to the United States a sum equal to $499 97,
with interest thereon at the rate of six per cent,
per annum from the 18th day of September, 1S40;
and the court certified as follows: "And the court
doth further certify its opinion that in equity and
justice the said sum of $499 97, with interest as
afoj esaid on ^366 77, part thereof, from the 18th
day of September, 1840, ought to be refunded by
the United States to the said defendant, Robert G.
Ward." . .
The petitioners ask that the first recited ..
meat may have applied towards its discharge the
amount certified by the court, m the suit in chan-
cery, as due to one of them, (Robert G. Waid,)
and which ought to be refunded by the United
Stale?.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The committee next proceeded to consider House
bill (Mo. 170) " for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of the late John E. Bispham."
The bill and leport were read through by the
Cleik.
The bill provides that the sum of $913 69 be
paid to Caleb J. Good, executor of John E Bisp
ham, deceased, late of the Tjnited States Navy
for expenses incurred by the deceased sn
out of the seizure of the bug
circumstances calculated to produce a very strong
I suspicion against the vessel seized. The Malaga
was sent to the district of Massachusetts, and was
; libeled on the 16th of June, 1846, but, on motion
! of the distuct attorney, the libel was discontinued.
On the 17th of July, 1847, a suit was instituted
by the owners of the Malaga against the said Bisp-
hani for the seizure, which, after full argument and
trial, was dismissed with costs. The costs, as
originally taxed by the clerk, included $500 for
counsel fees. The libelants appealed from the
taxation, and it was afterwards decided that-"coun-
sel fees should not be allowed as costs, there being
no fund in court."
In defending the suit, Lieutenant Bispham was
compelled to employ counsel, and also to incur
other necessary expenses. The committee think
it is the duty of Government to reimburse the ex-
penses thus incurred, and they find that, under
similar circumstances, such has been the practice.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be leported to the House.
The committee next proceeded to consider
House^bill (No. 173) " for the relief of Mrs. Helen
McKay, widow of the late Colonel JEneas Mc-
Kay, Deputy GliiartermasterGeneialUnited States
; Army."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that bill is
] all wrong in principle. These officers received
their regular pay. This is to give them extra for
j additional services. I object. |
| The bill was therefore passed over. ;
I The committee next proceeded to consider ;
I House bill (No. 174) " for the relief of D. C.
\ Cash and Giles W. Ellis."
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the report,
i The CHAIRMAN. There is no report ac-
companying this bill.
Mr. JONES. I presume there is one, but that
it has not been printed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that such is the case.
Mr. JONES. Then we cannot pass the bill.
We know nothing about it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject'1
Mr. JONES. I do, sir.
House bill (No. 110) "authorizing the pay-
ment of the balance of the property accounts ^be-
tween the United States and the Slate of New-
York, for military stores in the war of 1812,"
stood next upon the Calendar.
Mr. .TONES. Read the report.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not been printed.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object.
House bill (No. 175) " for the relief of John 0.
Mears," stood next upon the Calendar.
It appears fiom the repoit of the committee,
which was read, that Mr. Mears, being captain's
clerk of the United States brig Dolphin, stationed
Oil the coast of Africa, was, in April, 184G, ap-
pointed by Captain Skinner, commander of the
African squadron,an acting pursei to fill a vacancy
reated by the death of Purser Spencer. A purser
the widow of General Brown, making her a pen- ,
sioner for life at the rate of one hundred dollars
per month. The Committee on Invalid Pensions
reported a bill for her relief, which is now before
the committee, giving her thirty dollars per month
for ten years, if she should live that long. That
bill is in accordance with the policy of the pension
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that discussion is not in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the bill, but only to state in what condition
it comes before the committee. If the committee
approve the policy adopted by the Senate, as a
matter of course the bill ought not to pass; but if
it intend to apply the general policy of the pension
laws to special cases, then the bill ought to pass,
if it otherwise have merits. The report will sat-
isfy the committee as to the latter fact. I ask for
the reading of the report.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the report has not yet come from
the printer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I can state what the re-
port shows, if it be desired; but I presume the
bill had better lay over.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made, the
bill lies over.
House bill (No. 177) " for the relief of Lyman
N. Cook" came up next in order.
It provides that the name of Lyman N. Cook
be placed upon the pension roll of the United
States at $22 50 per month, for and during his nat-
ural life.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would ask of the gentle-
man who reported that bill upon what principle
>422 50~per month is allowed?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Tweed] who reported that bill is not
now present. I am not so familiar with the bill
as I would have been had 1 reported it myself;
but, well as 1 recollect, there was a special act
passed in 1843, giving this person a pension at the
rate of §11 50 per month. It was clea'rly shown
to our committee that, in the passage of that act,
the Congress that passed it labored under a mis-
take. It intended to have given him a full pen-
sion, and gave him but half a one. It has been
shown to our committee that this man is entirely
disabled and that he is entitled to a full pension.
This pension of $22 50 is what he would have re-
ceived had he applied under the general pension
laws. That is the state of the case, to my recol-
lection. The bill is a meritorious one.
There was no objection, and the bill waa laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The following bill came up next in order;
No. 178. "A bill for the relief of Benjamin
Rowe."
The bill directs that the name of Benjamin
Rowe be placed upon the pension roll at the rate
of eight dollars per month for five years, to com-
mence on the 1st of January, 1854.
The Clerk read the report, which states that
was required by the vessel and Captain Skinner ^ petitioner! was a orivate in th
J"± his d^e on the !l twenty-first regiment of United States troops; tha
e
that
:! ^en Fisoner-by the
well and faithfully until the month of November, |
1847. Upon receiving his appointment as acting ;
purser of the Dolphin he resigned his clerkship,
and this post was at once filled by another person, ■
who received the compensation incident to it; and j
Mr. Mears neither received the pay asa clerk nor j
as purser. The committee deem him entitled to j;
the usual compensation as purser. |
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside, ^
to be reported to the House.
ar
suit
Malaga,
off the coast of Africa, by the United Slates brig
lloxer, while under the command of the said bisp-
^The report states that in April, 1816, the said
Di^pham heittir the commanding officer of the U m-
ted Stated brig Boxer, boarded and took possession
of the brig Malaga, on the coast of Alma. "1 he
sei'/ure was made under the belief that the Malaga
was about to ensrase in the transportation of slaves
from that coast, and was made in good faith, under
British troops while on the journey from Green-
bush to Sackett's Harbor, and while imprisoned
contracted diseases which have entirely unfitted
and disabled him from obtaining a livelihood for
his family.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I notice that the bfll limits
the pension of the petitioner to five years from the
1st of January, 1854. It is not the policy of the
pension laws so to limit pensions. And I move
to strike out llie words "five years," and insert
in lieu thereof, "for life," which is the policy
was put and
agreed to.Tnd'the bill, as amended, was ordered to
be laid aside, and reported to the House.
The bill next in order for consideration was
House bill (No. 179) "for the relief of Emelie
Hooe, widow of Captain Hooe.
The bill which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension list the
name of Emelie Hooe, widow of Brevet Major
• - , „ , . i .' vuvandfr H. Hooe, late of the United b tales
before the said period of ten years, tnai. said p -,, - - whose jeatu W9S occasioned by a wound
sinn shall cease at her death. y'j : the battle of Resaca de la Palmaon the
Ml'. HENDR1CKS 1 ne Senate have sent a received ^ ^
bill to this House for the relief ot Pamela Brown, 9th ot may, o ,
The next bill in order on the Calendar was a ad , bv the pension laws.
bill (No. 17C) " for the relief of Pame.a biown, , *stIon on t)ie amendment
i vi-  Tfff/jn rsl*nwn. IIP- '    „ ^ J ^ i
the widow of Major General Jacob Brown, de-
ceased, late of the'United States Army."
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of the aforesaid Pamela Brown upon
the roll of pensions of the United States at tne
rate of thirty dollars per mouth, to commence on
the 1st day of Januaiy, 1S51, and to continue for
ten years from that date, and then cease: provided,
however, that if the said Pamela Brown shall die
