•1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Brown. That is the policy of the pension laws
of this country,
I am not willing to go any further. There has
been a singular course pursued here this morning
in reference to this bill. The gentlemati who
called the previous question on the bill knew very
well that 1 felt an interest in it. I had myself re-
ported a bill to the House for her relief. I had
opposed a bill of the Senate on the same-subject;
and when the facts were fairly and fully explained
to the House, two months ago, the House decided i
against the bill of the Senate, and ordered it to be
laid on thetable, where it lies still. This morning,
when I wished fully to explain the nature of the
bill, the extent of it, the amount of money to be
given under it to this aged female, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Knox] refused to allow me the
opportunity of doing so, although I had charge of
the bill, and am, to some extent, responsible for
the legislation of this House in regard to it. Why
■was this? Because the gentleman must have felt
convinced that the same statement of facts which
had laid the bill on the table before, would have
killed his amendment. It was in vain that 1 told
him I wanted to address the House, and that it was
proper 1 should be heard. The gentleman refused
to allow me to be heard.
I am against the bill now. 1 hope it may be
defeated. We cannot go back and strike out the
amendment. We are past that point. I hope to
see a proper bill passed for the relief of Mrs.
Brown; but I hope this bill, as amended, will be
lost.
Mr. MeMULLlN. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Knox,] I voted for the bill before; and now I say
to the gentleman from Illinois, that if he is willing
to take such a pension for Mrs. Brown as she
would be entitled to under the general pension
laws, I am ready and willing, and anxious to vote
to give it to her. But if the gentleman insists on
having more than that, I will vote in favor of lay-
ing the bill on the table, and will submit to the
House amotion to lay it on the table, unless the
gentleman from Illinois, will express his determi-
nation to ask only the same sort of justice for
Mrs. Brown as the general Jaw provides for the
widows of other major generals.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing that Mrs.
Brown shall receive a pension,under a general law.
I am willing to remove herfrom under the technical
rules required to be conformed to, at the pension
office,and allow the loose proof which shehas pre-
sented to govern the case. 1 am willing that she
ahe Bhould receivea pension under the law of 1802,
which will give her $1,200 for five years; or under
the laws of 1836 and 18552, which would give her
thirty dollars a month for ten years. I am will-
ing that she should have relief under either of
those laws, but 1 am opposed to giving a gratuity
of $50,000 to any person. That is the reason
why I am opposed to the bill as amended.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon (interrupting,) I desire
to say a few words upon this case, if the gentle-
man from Indiana will allow me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. I could not be induced to say a
word upon this matter, if 1 did not feel it a duty
which 1 owe to the House and the country. I
think no gentleman in the House will say that I
am not a friend to the soldier, and that I do not
love and appieciate the character of the brave.
To no man in this House will I yield my respect
for the memory of General Brown, and in this
case 1 desire to see justice done to his family and
widow, and I want to see her stand upon the
same footing precisely with the widows of other
officers, and gallant men who have fallen in the
defense of their country.
I know an instance of a widow of an officer who
fell under my own eyes. He was as gallant a
man as General Brown, or as any man God ever
made. After having received half a dozen shots,
he was ordered to the rear. He replied, u It is
not worth while; I have but five minutes to live,
and perhaps not that, and I will front the enemy
while I have life." He fell from his horse with
those words upon his lips. J mention this as
simply one case, hut I know of many others.
That man died without leaving any property.
The night before he fell he seemed to have some
presentiment that he would fall the next day, and
he tnlked about his wife and children. "If I
should fall," said he, u what wiil be the fate of
my wife and children ? I have not fifty dollars in
the world."
.Now, you have granted to that tfidow, and the
orphan children, not one of whomareable to help
themselves, half pay proper for five years; and
that pay you have extended for five years longer,
and that will be the end of it. 'Now, why is there
a disposition, on the part of this House, to dis-
criminate between Mrs. Brown and the widows
of other officers? Let there be no discrimination.
I say, further, that if this bill passes, the mo-
ment it receives the signature of the President,
Mrs. Brown will draw from the Treasury of the
United States $56,000, and there is no accounting
officer of the Treasury Department who will re-
fuse it. v*
Now, do you want to make such a gratuity to
anybody? i see no objection whatever to giving
Mrs. Brown the $100 per month, to which she
would be entitled under the law of 1802, or the
thirty dollars per month to which she would be
entitled under the law of 1836. ( ihink myself
that fifty dollars per month, which some one has
proposed, would be a reasonable compensation,
She ought to have a reasonable compensation,
but this House ought not to discriminate between
Mrs. Brown and others.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
has well said that there are several pension laws,
under which this could have been allowed. Under
the law of 1802 she would have been entitled to
$100 per month,or, more exactly, to $102 per month
as half pay, for the full pay proper was $204.
Under the law of 1836, she would have^been enti-
tled to thirty dollars per month. Now, as Major
General Brown died of the wounds received in
the service of his country, under the circum-
i stances, it would be fair, perhaps, to grant his
widow a pension for ten years.
1 ask the attention of the House to the reading
of the amendment. I say it is fair to place Mrs.
Brown upon the same footing precisely that other
widows are placed upon. It is not fair that a dis-
crimination should be made between this and
other similar cases because she happened to be
the fortunate wife of a brave general. 1 have known
many brave soldiers fall, and their widows re-
ceived only four dollars per month. But let her
have all that his position would entitle her to,
*nd that is enough.
Why, sir, but a day or two ago, the House re-
fused to consider a bill increasing the pay of the
poor soldier, who now receives only eight dollars
per month, while you now propose to give this
widow lady enough to pay a whole regiment of
them. You nominally give them eight dollars a
month; and, after deducting the charges which are
made, they really do not-receive more than four
dollars per month. Sir, they are brave men; they
bare their breasts to the foe as gallantly as any
men who ever lived. And why this discrimination ?
Why legislate money into the pockets of any one,
when it is not necessary for their support? It is
for others, and not for Mrs. Brown. It is to
make a fortune forsomebodv. 1 hope this species
of favoritism will not be countenanced by the
House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is ne-
cessary to say anything more than I have already
said in reference to this bill. 1 have already made
all the explanation that 1 desire to make. The
friends of the bill had explained it this morning
as fully as they desired, and I do not, therefore,
see any further necessity for debate. 1 withdraw
the motion which 1 made to reconsider, and move
to lay the bill upon the table. I make this motion
because the bill is not now amendable. I ask the
Chair, however, if the bill could be recommitted,
so that it could be amended and referred back to
the House ?
Mr. HUGHES. I trust the gentleman will not
move to lay upon the table. I hope he will not
commend to others what he himself complained of
this morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time were reconsidered, the bill could then be re-
committed, and any amendment made that is de-
sirable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time prevails, it
will be subject to amendment, notwithstanding the
fact that the amendment has been adopted by the
House, and the .motion to reconsider laid upon the
table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The House has adopted
an amendment which is objectionable, and from
which we cannot relieve ourselves, as I under-
stand it. The amendment has been adopted, the
vote by which it was adopted reconsidered, and
the motion to reconsider laid upon the table. It
is therefore no longer in the possession of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. An amendment,
by way of substitute to the bill, would be in order,
and would supersede the amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no difficulty about
the matter, if the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed be reconsidered.
Mr. HAVEN. I should like to speak five
minutes on this matter, although 1 am wholly un-
interested in it.
Mr. HUGHES. I have written a substitute
which I hope may be received. I think that it
will meet with the approbation of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yield the floor, that the
substitute may be read for the information of the
House.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Jie. it, enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
in tovgiess at>iemhledf That the Secretary ot' the Interior
be riir^ctetf lo place the name of Mrs. Pamela Crown,
widow of the late Major General Jacob Brown, on the
list of pensioners, and to p.ay her a pension, at the rate of >
fitly dollars pei month ; said pension lo commence the first
dav of January, 1838, and to continue during her natural
life.
Mr. HUGHES. With the gentleman*s per-
mission, I will say a few words on the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have made the motion
to lay the. bill upon the table, and I shall not with-
draw it, if the friends of the bill insist on going
back to give any amount, against the whole policy
of the law.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Then I hope
that the friends of the bill will stand together and
oppose the gentleman's motion.
(Cries of " Ordei!"]
Mr. STUART. There are enough of us here
to pa^s the bill.
[Renewed cries of Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out -of
order.
Mr. CUM MING. It is a disgrace to the coun-
try to give a major general's widow a pension of
only fifty dollars per month.
[Cries of 44 Order!"]
Mr. IJ.ENDRICKS. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion that the bill be laid upon the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. READY. Is it in order to move to re-
commit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the motion
to lay upon thetable.
Mr. HUGHES. If the motion tolay upon the
table be voted down, I presume that the friends of
the bill can then be heard?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay upon
the table be voted down, the bill wiil then be open
for discussion.
The question was taken on Mr. Hendricks's
motion; and it was decided in the negauve-
65, nays 93, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe,
Barksdale, Barry, Bh«s, Bocock, Boyce, Chasiain, Chris-
man, Obngman, Colquitt, Craige, Culiom, Curtis, John G.
Davis. Dent, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmund-
son, Ellison, Faulkner, Fuller, G Hidings, G row, H end neks,
Bibbard, Houston, Geoige W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
K>rr, KidweH, Kutredgn, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly,
Lindsley, McMulhn, McNair, McQu«en, May, Million,
Morrison, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell.
Pratt, Ruffin, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skeiton, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Andrew Stuart, Trout, Vansant,
Wal*h, Wine, and Hendrick B. Wright—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. Bailey, Belcher,
Bennett, Benson, Bridges, Buag, .Campbell, Carpenter,
Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Churchwell, Clark,
Cobb, Cook, Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Cumrriing. Thomas
Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Edgerton, Edmands,
Thomas D. Eliot, Enphsh, Everhart, • Farley, Fenton,
Florence, Goodrich, Green, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Har-
lan, Harrison, Haven, H*>nn, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, Knox, McCulloch, Mace, Macy, Matte-
son, Maurice, Middleswarth, John G.Miller.Morgan, Mur-
ray, Xichols, Noble, Norton, Andrew Ohvei, Mordeeai
Oiiver, Orr, Parker, Peek, Peukham, Pennington, Pringle,
Puryear, Ready, .David Ritchie, Rowe. Russell, Sabin,
Sapp, Simmons,Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, David
Stuart, John J.Taylor, John L.Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tweed, Vail, Wade, Waliey, JRlhhu B.
