980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24s
3. Resolved, That he furnish copies of all orders, rules,
or regulations adopted by him. which tends to prevent or
deny to members of Congress the privilege of going into
the public rooms of the Post Office Department, and then
and there e\amtnin?, with assihtance ot the clerks, the
public records'5 under the charge of said clerks.
4. Resolved, That the Postma&tei General be directed to
abolish all rules, order*, or regulations, which prevents or
denies the privilege to the members of Congress of going
into the public rooms in the I'ost Office Department, and
then and there examining such public record-j in the pres-
ence, and with the assistance of the clerk having charge of
them, as such member may desire. That he al&o abolish all
rules, orders, or regulations by which the clerks, or either of
them, are prevented or restrained from affording to any
member such information dmmg those examinations as the
public records of the Po«t Office Department will enable
him to give.
Mr. DRUM. I object,
Mr. GROW. I object to the last part of the
resolutions.
Mr. GREY, I move to suspend the rules, that
I may hsve a a opportunity of offering the resolu-
tions.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. la it in order
to move the reference of the resolutions to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are not be-
fore the body. It is only proposed that they shall
corne before the body.
Mr. GREY. Have I the privilege now of
saying anything upon these resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. They are not debatable,
because the subject-matter of them is not before
the House.
Mr. GREY. Gun I way a few words in expla-
nation of the first part of the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of tiie House alone.
Mr. DRUM. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I only wish to re-
mark that if the gentleman from Kentucky is
allowed to make an explanation, it need not be
expected thai the puvilege of responding to him
will not be churned.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky can make no remarks; it is objected to.
Mr. SMITFI. I desire it to he distinctly un-
derstood that the gentleman is quite welcome to
make any explanation* so far as I am concerned.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is objected to,
and is, therefore, out of order.
Mr GREY. 1 will, for the present, withdraw
the resolution No. 4 of the series.
Mr. GROW7". I objected to the last of these
resolution*. I have no objection to the balance.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask for the '
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CUNGMAJV. I believe the objection to
the resolution*-; is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. Is the object ion withdrawn ?
Mr. GROW. J withdraw the objection I made.
Mr. DRUM. I objected to the introduction of
the resolutions, and I do not withdraw my objec-
tion. j
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is upon !
the suspension of the rules, to allow the gentle-
man frorp Kentucky [Mr. Grey] to introduce the
resolutions just leml.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays v.-ere ordered.
The question was then taken-, and there were—
yeas 64, nays 81; a<i follows:
YEAH—M<^vr-< Appirtim, Brill, Benson, Benton, Bugs?,
Carpenter, Cli"gnnn, <\>hh, Conk. l.'oi win. Cox, ('rooUt'r,
CuHom, Thomas Davi*, Dent, Dickinson,Thomas D. Eftot,
Ewinj;, F.iulkner, Filler, Franklin. (Jrey, Giow, Aaron
Harlan, Haiiimxi, ll.tveu, Ulster, Howe, IIurn, Roland
Joripa, Kcitt, K.jrr, Knox. Lruhnii. Lcrchrr, Maurice, Mid-
dleswarth, John Miller, Morgan, Mnrdecai Oliver, Par-
ker, Peckham, John Perkins, Ready, David Ritchie, flo-
wers, Sa^^, £app, Amnion?, Wiluam R. Smith, Alexander
H. Stephen*, Sir.uton, JohnL. Tavloi, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Trd'y, Uphrnn, Vaii, Wi'lhnd^e, Walley, Eihliu H.
Washburue, Israel \V?iahburn,Tajtpau VVentworth, Wheel-
er, and XrjUicoffV*—P>1.
NAYF—MegMs. Aiken, David J. Bailey- Thomas H.
Bayly, Bank-?, Bark<dale, Bliss jjoyce. Budges,
Ca^kic. Chripman, Clask. Oran?. Cm tis, John G. Davi*,
Dean, Drum, E.istmati, Eddy. Edgettnn, John M. Clhott,
Ellison, Eiheridiie, Fentnn, Florence, Guiding**, Green,
Greenwood, Hdsiu'toa. Sampson W. Harris,Wilev P. Mai-
ns, Hihbird. Houston, IljghM, TngersoU, Dar.ielT. Jones,
George W. Jones J. GlancvJone^, Kurtz, LiJJv, Lind^Jev,
Macdonald, M-llnugall, McNair, Maxwell, Mavall, Mii'l-
son, Murray, Noble, Pennington, TJi«hoj> Perkins, Ponlpi, 1
Powell, Pratt, Richard>on, Riddle, Thomas flitchey, Rob-
biiH, Baffin, Reward, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Skelton,
Genii Sunt!.. Samuel a Small. William Smith, George '
W. Smyth, Richard Hf Stanton, He tnr L. Stevens, Straub, i
Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Walker, !
Warren, Wells, John Wemworth, Witte, and Daniel B,
Wright—81.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Captain Huddy,
for the purpose of reference to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey can effect his object by making; a memo-
randum and sending it to the Clerk's desk.
COMMISSIONS TO PRIVATE ARMED VESSELS,
Mr. FAULKNER. T ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States bo re-
quested to communicate to this Hou*e, if in his judgment
not incompatible with the public interests), the instructions
referred to by President Monroe in his anuual message of the
2d of December, 1823, and transmitted to our diplomatic
a£xentsabroad,upon the subject of the issue of commissions
to"private armed vesseN, together with the responses, lfany,
received from s>aid Governments; also, any other instruc-
tions, together with the correspondence held with foreign
Governments upon the same subject since the date of the
last message, and not heretofore com mumcated to Congress.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the ques-
tion will be upon the introduction of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I object.
The SPEAKER. It must therefore lie over,
unless two thirds agree to suspend the lules.
Mr. FAULKNER. I hope no one will object
to the introduction of the resolution. The object
simply is to get information which has never been
communicatod to Congress.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
will allow the Chair to remind him that debate is
not in order.
Mr. FAULKNER. As objection is made, I
move to suspend the rules, to enable me to intro-
duce the resolution.
The question was then taken; and the rules
were suspended.
The resolution was then received and adopted
THE POST OFFICE CONTRACTORS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ewing] has the door.
Mr. SAGE. Will the gentleman yield the floor
for a moment?
Mr. EWING. I would be disposed, Mr.
Speaker, to yield the floor to any othergentleman;
but there are so many claiming it that I think it
better not to yield to any of them. ( therefore
insist on the House proceeding to the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Ewivo,] as the Chair understands
him, insists upon the regular order of business,
which js the consideration of the bill in which he
is interested; the title of which the Clerk will
report.
The title of the bill was then read, as follows:
An act for relief of James Jeffries and Jeremiah
M. Smith.
The SPEAKER. There are two motions pend-
ing on the subject of this hill. One is to refer it
to the Committee of the Whole House, and the
other to refer it to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. EWING. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to lmve
read to the House the report of the committee
which accompanies the bill.
The Clerk accordingly read the report of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Rnads, to
whom the petition of James Jeffries and Jeremiah
M. Smith had been referred. The report states
that at the mail lettmgs of 2850 the petitioners had
bid off and received the contracts for a number of
mail routes in Texas; including:, among other
routes, Nos. 6266, 6269, and 6*277. These latter
routes the petitioners had failed to carry into oper-
ation, and for such failure the Postmaster Gen-
eral had imposed several fines on them, and de-
ducted their amount from the allowances made
for the other routes when the service was being
performed. The report goes on to state that it
had appeared in evidence that the petitioners had
made efforts to carry out the service on the routes
mentioned, but had failed to do so. It wag further
in proof that route No. 6268 had been advertised
as but ninety-one miles in length, while its actual
distance was one hundred and thirty^five miles;
that the route No. 6269 was stated in the advei-
tisement as thirty-five miles, while its actual dis-
tance turned out to be sixty-five miles; and that
route No. 6'177 was adveitised as seventy-eight
miles in length, while its actual distance was one
hundred and five miles—making the actual dis-
tance on the three routes three hundred and five
miles, while the advertisement had described them
as but two hundred and four miles. Under these
circumstances the committee were of opinion that
the petitioners were end led to relief, and reported
j, a bill for that purpose.
;i Mr. EWING. Mr. Speaker, what is the pend-
j. ing question before ihe House on the reference of
' this bill?
The SPEAKER. Theie are two questions
pending on the subject. One is to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole House, and the other
to refer it to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. EWING. Then I ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SAGE. I wish that the gentleman from
Kentucky would withdraw his demand for the
previous question. I would like at this time to
make a simple explanation in regard to tms mat-
ter, and therefore hope the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will comply with my request.
Mr. EWING. Certainly; i withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. SAGE. I desire, Mr. Speaker, the at ten*
tion of the House for a moment or  wo m relation
to this matter, for t deem it. one of very great im-
portance in establishing a principle by which we
are to be governed here in the future.
It will be borne in mind by the members who
were present in (he House last Friday, when the
gentleman fiom Kentucky came into the House
and asked for the reconsideration of ihe matter,
that he stated, among other things, that these routes
were twice the distance described in the adver-
tisement by the Postmaster Gone5,ol. Well, on
this statement the House agreed to reconsider the
matter, ornd discussed the reference of the bill.
The gentleman from Virginia then called for the
reading of the report, buti' turned out that the
report war not here; and thereto) e the gentleirum
fiom Kentucky asked to have the matter post-
poned for a few days, for the purpose of enabling
'members to get the* report, and to act understand-
mgiy on the" question. For that T was charged,
by the gentleman from Kentucky, with a want of
courtesy.
Now, in following this matter up, I have taken
some pains to obtain official information from the
Pont Office Department. The result of my inves-
tigation of this matter is this: It appears that these
gentlemen bid for n large number of routes in
Various States, in 1850. After they were awarded
to them, they assorted them over, and accepted
those routes which suited them, and rejected such
as did not suit them. Among all these routes,
which were declared off to them, theie is nut one
in which the distance was twice as gieat as repre-
sented in the advertisement, noraoythmg approx-
imating to it. Some of the routes were shorter
than the distance mentioned in the advertisement.
But, furthermore, as stated by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Joncs,] there was a clause
in the advertisement which put these men upon
their guard The Post Otfice Department did not
undertake to determine the actual distance, but
named the routes as extending from place in place,
naming them, and £>'ave the distance as they were
understood,and thus threw upon the bidJeis the
responsibility of informing themselves of the actual
distance.
With this explanation, i will send to the Clerk's
desk, to be read, a letter which I received from
the Postmaster General, in answer to one! ad-
dressed to him, asking for the information to
which it refers. I hope the members uf the House-
will listen to it, as this is a pioneer case: and ihera
are many others of the same sort, which will
come in hereafter, if this one be favorably consid-
ered by the House.
The letter was then read, as follows:
PoaTOrnoc DEPAitT.vtc.NT, I
Contract Office, Ji-prd 24, Ibo4. )
Sir: In anptvpr to you: letter of the y2J i-i jtr.nt, 1! have
the honor to infoim you, that imder the- advertisement of
the Postmaster General, for prop<.*ab to convey the mads
nf the United States from Ist'JuIy. 1850, to "301h June,
3S54, inclusive, in the Stateu of Kentucky, Tenne^ea,
Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas,
