1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
interest from the time the drafts became due until
they were paid. They were not paid sooner, sim-
ply because there was no appropriation. After
the appropriation bills passed in 1850, the drafts
were presented and paid. The committee allow
interest from the time of presentation to the time
of payment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was ex-
change enoujrh to cover the interest.
Mr. EDGEP^TON. It was a simple commer-
cial transaction.
There bein  no objection, the bill was then laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The following bills came up next in order, but
were objected to, as indicated below:
No. 188. "A. bill for the relief of Anthony G.
Willis, deceased." [Objected to by Mr. IVIau-
riue.]
No. 189. "A bill for the relief of John S. Jones (
and William H. Russell, surviving partners of;
Brown, Russell & Co." [Objected to by Mr. j
Bridges.] i
The following bill came up next in order:
No. 190. "A bill for the relic-f of William Haw-
kins."
The hill was read through.
Mr. FAPLKNER. There is no report accom-
panying the bill. There was a report made some
years ago, which, if adopted, would haveinvolved
the Government m a much greater expenditure
than is provided for in the bill now under consid-
eration. At the order of an officer of the Govern-
ment, he delivered at Foi t Johnson, in North Caro-
lina, one hundred and thirty cords of wood 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] that
there has not been a report made in this case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
The bill was therefore passed over.
The bill next in order for consideration was
House bill (No. 191) " for the relief of George
W. Gibson."
The Clerk read the bill. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of the petitioner,
George W. Gibson, on the pension roll, at the
rate of six dollars per month.
The report stated that the petitioner had enlisted
as a private soldier, in company B, first regiment
of the United States dragoons; that he served with
the American troops in the late war with Mexico;
that he suffered much from exposure, which finally
resulted in liver complaint and chronic diarrhea,
which completely disabled him. There being no
objection, the bill was laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
The bill next in order was House bill (No. 192)
for therelief of Parmelia Siavin, widow of John
Blue, deceased."
The Clerk read the bill. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension roll the
name of Parmelia Slavin, at the rate of four dollars :
per month, to commence on the 1st of January, \
1848; the same to be in full satisfaction of all ,
claims to pension as widow of William Slavin.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside, j
to be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCIJER-. I believe that we have got 1
thiough all the reports that are printed; 1 there- j
fore move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Virginia that there are manuscript
reports here of all the bills on the Calendar for to-
tlav.
Mr. LETCHER. Exactly so; and nobody in
the House had an opportunity to examine one of
them; and we have to act upon the bills on the
mere reading of the reports at the Clerk's desk, 1
which are imperfectly heard in the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Vnsmia move that the Committee now riser
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; I move that the Com-
mittee rise, and report to the House.
The question was put, and was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The last bill was
not disposed of, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. It was not.
Mr. JONES. This seems to be a new case,
and time seems to be a new pnwiple established
in it. Tins bill provides for giving a pension to a
woman who was the widow of one Siavin, but now
the widow of one Blue. How long did the first
husband, Siavin, render service? 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the report be read,
and it'will show the facts.
The report was then read, from which it ap-
peared, that on the 15th day of March, 1848, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions made a favorable
report, and brought in a bill for the relief of the
petitioner; also another report and bill on the 13th
day of March, 1850, winch failed for want of
time. That in 1852 another report and bill from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions was made for
his relief. An examination of the papers accom-
panying the petition shows that John Blue was a
private in the twenty-third regiment of the New
York infantry during the late war with Great
Britain; that he was in the battle of Q,ueenstown
on the 13th day of October, 1813, and in that action
lost his right arm. He remained m the Army until
the 5th day of July, 1815, when he was honora-
bly discharged. He was married to the petitioner
in the year 183 4, and died December 23, 1823.
He received his bounty land, and applied for a
pension, but never received it, having failed to
prove that he was the man who lost his arm in !
said battle. On application to the Commissioner !
of Pensions, by the petitioner in 1843, for the '
pension due her late husband, that otficer, in a
letter upon the subject addressed to J. P. Ballow,
states, among other things, that John Blue was
wounded at Ciueenstown, and would have received j
his pension had he furnished the information re- !
quired of him; but that the Department could do
nothing without a special act of Congress.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be laid aside, to be reported to the House.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
House bill (No. 193) " for the relief of Alton
Nelson."
The bill provides for placing his nameupon the
roll of invalid pensioners, at eight dollars a month,
from the 1st day of January, 1853.
The report was then read.
Mr. LETCHER objected, and the bill was
passed over.
The next bill coming up in order was House
bill (No. 194) " for the relief of Silas Champion."
The bill and report were read.
It appears in this case that the petitioner volun-
teered m 1814 to aid in the defense of Plattsburg;
that he was in the battle atSaranac; that he aided
in driving the enemy back across the river Sara-
nac; and, while in the dischargeof this duty, that
he suffered so great exposure as totally to dis-
qualify him from manual labor. It appears, fur-
ther, that he applied to the Commissioner of
Pensions for lehef, and was refused, upon the
ground that he had not been regularly mustered
into the service of the United States; and, there- -
fore, the committee thinking that he was entitled j
to relief, report a bill granting him, as an invalid |
pensioner, eight dollars per month, to commence i
from the first day of January, 1852. I
There beins; no objection, the bill was laid aside, i
to be reported to the House. I
The Committee next proceeded to consider House i
bill (No. 195) " for the relief of Sarah K. Jenks,
and the legal representatives of Hartshorne R.
Thomas, m the matter of the brig Jane." I
The bill and report were read through by the ,
Clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not necessary .
to lead that report any further. This belongs to
a class of cases, amounting to some thirty-five or ;
forty millions of dollars, which were adjudicated
by the commission of lS22-'23- We had better
at least postpone tins bill until the report is printed.
I therefore object to it. ;
House bill (No. 196) <( for the relief of Gilbert1
C. Russell," was next in order on the Calendar.
It provides that there shall be paid to Gilbert
C. Russell, of the State of Alabama, the sum of
S20 000, provided that that sum shall be received
■ by him as full satisfaction of all claims and de-
l mauds of every description in his favor against
the Government of the United States, growing
1 out of, or in any manner connected with the con-
struction of the fort at Mobile Point, Alabama.
| Mr. READY. The report accompanying that
S bill is a very long one. The claim consisted of
three items; the committee report m favor of one
1 of those items, and against the other two. It is
I only necessary to read so much of the report now
I as relates to the item provided for in the bill.
Mr. MACDONALD. Is that report printed?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. it is here in
manuscript.
k Mr. MACDONALD. Then I must object to the
The following bills came up next in order, and
were objected to as indicated below:
No. 199. "A bill for the relief of Thomas C.
Greene." [Objected to by Mr. Walsh ]
S. No. 76. <4An act authorizing Victor Morass
to relinquish certain lands and to enter the same
quantity elsewhere." [Objected to by Mr. Walsh.]
The following bill came up next in order:
No. 200. "A bill to confirm to Hercules L.
Dousman his title to farm lot No. 32, adjoining
the town of Prairie Du Chien, in the State of Wis-
consin."
The bill and report of the committee accompa-
nying it were read. The character of the claim
and the provisions of the bill may be seen by
reference to yesterday's proceedings.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order for consideration was
House bill (No. 201) " for the relief of Aaron
Stafford."
The Clerk read the bill. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the roll of invalid pen-
sions the name of Aaron Stafford, and pay him
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month for the term
of his natural hie, commencing on 4th March,
1848; provided that the said Secretary shall de-
duct such sums as said Stafford has received as an
invalid pensioner since the 4th of March, 1848;
and provided, further, that all bills heretofore re-
ported for the relief of said Stafford are hereby
repealed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the report be read.
The report was then read, from which it appears
that the petitioner held a commission as adjutant
on the 13th day of October, 1812, in the sixteenth
detached regiment of the militia of New York, in
the service of the United States, during the last
war with Great Britain; that in that capacity he
volunteered on that day, with about two hundred
men, to cro$s over from Lewiston to Ciueenstown,
and that he was engaged in the storming of
Ciueenstown Heights, and in that battle on that
day; that while he was so engaged he received
four severe and dangerous wounds—one above
the right temple, from a musket ball: another from
a bullet passing through his sight thigh; a third
from a musket ball, in the left shoulder; and a
fourth from a grape shot, in his left thigh. But,
notwithstanding the first three wounds, he con-
tinued fighting, and urging on his men, until
struck in the left thigh with a grape shot, as stated.
That the wound received by the grape shot was
so severe that it knocked him down the banks of
the Niagara river, about one third of the way to
the water, and was only saved from being pre-
cipitated into the river by grasping with his right
hand a shrub, and therebysaving his life; and that
in the general surrender of all the forces on that
field he was helped from his perilous position, and
delivered as a pnsoner of war to the enemy.
It appears from an affidavit of Lemuel Pettingall,
that he, said Pettingall, was a captain in the New
York militia, and volunteered to, and crossed at
the time, and was engaged in said battle; and he
testifies that the said Stafford was an adjutant in
the said war with Great Biitain, and was one of
the two hundred men from the detached regiment
of New York militia who volunteered to cross, as
is hereinbefore stated; and he further states, "tha*
the said Stafford was a man at that time of unusual
! bodily strength and activity and superior courage,
' and was of incalculable service in keeping up the
; spirit and discipline of said regiment always, and
1 was a man who did as much as the efficient Gen-
j eral Stephen Van Rensselaer himself, and more
1 than any other man, to induce the officers and
■ men to volunteer and cross, and to encourage and
! embolden the whole during the fight on Glue^ns-
! town Heights." * * "That said Pet-
' tmgall was himself wounded and taken prisoner,
and saw said Stafford brought into the camp of
theenemv upon a blanket,and covered with blood
; fiom his wounds."
j Captain Joseph Westcott, who was also en-
; gaged in said battle, testifies " that he was present,
1 about three weeks after the said battle, in the rooms
I of said Stafford, in Lewiston, and saw the surgeon
