1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
Messrs. Smith and Jeffries were the accepted bidders on-
the following routes, to wit: Nos. 5184,5201, and 5204,
in Kentucky, and 5334, in Tennessee. The latter was
transferred to Messrs. TJsry and Fisher, in November, 1850.
The service on the other routes appears to have been per-
formed \vnh averag-j regularity. They were also the ac-
cepted bidders on the following routnfi in Texas:
No. 62^9. From Shelbyville to Pulaski. 45 miles and
back, once a week; distance proved to be 44 miles. Ac-
cepted at .$270, and relet to James Truit at $305.
No. b235. From Henderson to Crockett, 85 miles and
back, once a week ; distance proved to be 93 miles. Ac-
cepted at .$485, anil relet to T. J. R. Greenwood at same
pay of £485.
No. 6348. From Jefferson to Greenwood, 42 miles and
back, once a week; distance proved to be 55 miles. Ac-
cepted at §247, and relet to E. Ussery at $520.
No. 625^). From Bangerfield to Ciarksville, 69 miles and ;
back, three times a week; distance proved to be the same, i
Accepted at $399 50, and relet to W. B. Stout, twice a ;
week, at $944, \
No. 6257. From Tarrant to Buffalo, 100 miles and back, '
once a week; distance proved to be 99 miles. Accepted I
at .*597 5! , and relet to W. B. Stout at same, $597 50. I
No. 6259. From Paris to Pine Bluff, 20 miles and back, \
onceawwek; distance proved to be 21 miles. Accepted [
at $119 86, and relet to W. B. Stout at same, $119 86. i
No. 6268. From Franklin to Chamber's Cieek, 91 miles |
and back once, a week ; distance proved to bo 105 miles. !
Accepted at S499, and relet to Alexander Douglass at $599.
No. 6269. From Nashville to Leona, 35 miles and back,
once a week ; distance proved to be 55 miles. Accepted at
$210, and relet to W. H. Wheelock at .<$400.
No. 6277. From Independence to Cameron, 78 miles and
back, once a week ; distance proved to be 76 miles. Ac-
cepted at $468, and relet to E. Bums at $589.
The following note is always embraced in the instruc-
tions of every annual advertisement of mail proposals is-
sued from the Department:
"The distance* are always given according to the best
information ; but no increased pay will be allowed, should
they prove to be greater than advertised, it the points to be
supplied be correctly stated. Bidders must inform them-
pelves on this point.'*
Messrs. Smith and Jeffries are liable for damages on,
routes Nos. 6229,6248, 6~88, 6269, and 6277.
On the otlipr routes it does not appear that they arc liable
for any damages.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. H. DCJNDAS,
Second Assistant Postiaa<iier Genet al.
Hon. "R. Sage,
Bouse oj Representatives.
Mr. SAGE continued: Now, Mr. Speaker, I
think the House are in possession of information
upon which they can actunderstandingly upon
this bill—information which shows that those
contractors bid off a large number of contracts,
and after sorting them out, they executed such as
suited them, and rejected those which did not suit ,j legislator?
In several instances these contracts were ''
until the report could be brought before the
House; and I was very much surprised at the
rebuke which I received, and which I may say
this House received—for I thought the House were
very courteous to the gentleman in obliging him
by a reconsideration of the vote by which the bill
was referred, and by the postponement of its con-
sideration to an early day to suit his convenience.
Now, sir, what I said, to which the gentleman
from Kentucky takes exceptions, and all I said,
at that time upon the subject, was the following:
"I hope the motion to recommit this hill, or the motion to
postpone, will prevail. There is no disposition upon the
part of any member, X presume, to delay action upon it from
any captious motive. The objection seems to be that if we
act upon it now, it would be establishing the precedent of
acting upon a bill without a report, and without investiga-
tion, but upon the recommendation of an individual mem-
ber. We all have equal rights here, and I have bills in my
possession which I am interested in getting through, but I
take it for granted that this Houseisnot ready to allow these
bills to be put upon their passage without a report and ex-
amination. If it will meet the wishes of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Ewing,] I will move that the further
consideration ol this matter be postponed until next Wed-
nesday."
To this the gentleman from Kentucky replies, as
follows:
" I have not been disposed, and am not disposed, to
press this matter upon the House against their wishes. I
appealed to the courtesy of the House, not with a view of
establishing a precedent for ordinary cases, but hoping that
by an explanation of the peculiar circumstances connected
with tlua c^se, the House would allow the bill to be dis-
posed of at once. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
: Sage,] however, seems to place it simply upon the ground
! of ordinary transactions. Sir, I wish rery much t could
i establish in this House a precedent for courtesy. I know
! of no piecedent that would be more useful, save more tune,
or contribute more to secure justice to those having honest
claims against the Government of the United States. But
I despair of being able to estabhsn aprecedentwhich would
be of sufficient force to reach the sense of propuety of the
gentleman from New York. I say I despair ot such a re-
: suit; tor I have discovered that when the great body of the
1 House seem to recognize the peculiarity of the cireum-
' stances attending this case, a tew members, like the gen-
tleman from New York, seem disposed to throw insur-
mountable obstacles m the way of accomplishing what is
: the obvious wish of the great majority of the House."
, Now, then, Mr. Speaker, I have stated what
i the action of the House was in relation to this
| matter, and I leave it to gentlemen to say whether
they, or I, acted with a want of courtesy, or with
a want of anything which should actuate every
" ' ' " They desired to have correct informa-
Relet.
them. In several instances these contracts were j Q0n. i
relet at less sums than those these parties bid . J Here is an official letter from the Post Office
them off for. Here are the statistics in reference I j Department detailing all the facts in the case; and
  ' ' j I am informed that this is not the only case which
' I will come before the House. There are many
of a similar character, where mail contractors
have contracted to transport the mails of the Uni-
ted States from certain points in the country to
certain other points. After they have received the
contracts they have accepted those which suited
them, and by which they could make money, but
they rejected those which they deemed unprofit-
able. This proves to be of that class of cases. _
! In conclusion, I hope that the House, before it
i; passes from this matter, will give it the considera-
1 tion which it deserves; for, as I said before, this
is only a pioneer bill. If it be passed, we shall
   . - have a score of a similar description before us
sentine the bill to the House, the gentleman from i; previous to the adjournment of Congress.
Kentucky is reported assaying: \ Mr. EWING. Mr. Speaker, I am reluctant,I
" I will eav a single word in explanation of this bill, if I may say, to parade anythinglike my private arnic-
_  -lltilllllo Th^Sf1. nfitinotlt-rs « •  .1 T T   L..* I lliirtU it flufl tA tilt
to the routes bid off by these parties:
No. oj Estimated Ascertained
Route*, distance, distance. Bid.
62-29  45  44  $270 00 $30a (10
5235  83   93   485 00   485 00
4-2   55   247 00   520 00
S  .    599 50   944 00
6257" ... .100 -97  597 50  597 50
6259. . . . . . 26   21  119 86  119 86
6268 91 105  499 Oh,*-.... 599 00
S' 35   55  210 00  4110 00
6277. . .. .. 78-  76   468 00   589 00
496 546 $3,494 86 $4,559 36
Now, I ask the House to bear with me while I
read two or three short extracts from the proceed-
ings in reference to this bill on Friday. In pre-
can makn lny voice'sufficiently audible. These petiuonfrs
are poor men. They entered into a contract to carry the
mail upon a route in Texas; and by positive and conclusi ve
pioof, as is shown by the papers accompanying the bill, the
inute was twice as lon% as advertised by the Department.
The report made by Mr. Rosk, the chairman of the Post
Office Committee in the Senate, shows clearly that the
claim ou«ht to be allowed. It has passed the Senate twice,
but has been lost in the House in eaell instance, in conse-
quence of want of time. I shall not be in the House again
for some time, as L am only waiting until I am well enough
to enable me to navel home. I would regard it as a special
favor if the bill be taken up and passed."
Again be says:
" Thev were nearly twice as long as the length adver-
tised, as the gentleman will And by referring to the proof
ill the case." II
Mr. PECKHAM. What was the actual difler- jj
ence  . !i
Mr. SAGE. The actual difference was thirty- 1
two miles on the three routes under consideration.
Someofthem, as I stated, were leas than advertised.
Now, sir, I ask the House to bear in mind that,
in the absence of official information upon the sub-
ject the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcherj
and myself thought it would be better to wait
tions before the House; but I think it due to the
"body to give the reason why I asked the favor
which gentlemen were kind enough to grant me
last Friday. I had been confined for a week or
two with an affection which I feared was about to
assume a chronic form. If that were the case, I
was'perfectly aware that 1 could takenofurtherpart
in the action of this House during the balance of
this session. I was about to go home, at all
events for a length of time, on a call of pressing
business. I appealed to the courtesy of the House,
so far as I could make myself audible in giving
the explanation necessary in taking up this bill,
to act on it instead of referring it, as they were
about to do—to act on it at once, as the facts were
brief and simple.
As to the courtesy of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sage,] 1 repeat that I said that I should
be most happy if 1, or any member of this House,
could establish a precedent of courtesy. The gen-
tleman very ingeniously attempts to identify himself
with this House. I acknowledged at that time the
courtesy of the House. In the yery remarks which
the gentleman has read I spoke of the amiable dis-
position of the House to make an exception in
this case, and to recognize thedemands of courtesy
which 1 invoked, the disposition which prevailed
among at least the great body of the House. I
did not say whether the gentleman was courteous
or not. 1 am willing to acknowledge that I said
by implication that he was not so; aiid 1 am now
willing to say explicitly that I do not think that
he was. I leave it to the judgment of members
of the House, who were witnesses of the facts;
whether he was. At the same time I am disposed
to acknowledge my obligation to the kindness of
the gentleman who has taken such peculiar inter-
est in this case from the very first, and whose
counsels with the Department, I am willing to
allow, have led to the results which have just been
read.
" Wehave been courteous,"said thegentleman.
We have been courteous! Why, sir, who denied
that the action of the House was courteous on
i Friday last? Mostcordially did I thank the great
1 majority of the House, and 1 hoped to have an
| additional reason for gratitude in their overruling
| the evident purpose of the gentleman who comes
, here at the risk of defeating the ends of private
I justice to gratify a personal resentment, because
i I used language not grateful to his ears.
i I did not intend to explain this matter further
' than the reading of the report which the gentle-
| man was so anxious to see the other day, and
j which is only about an inch and a quarter in length,
i It was a Senate report, and not in the hands of the
i printer of this House, but the hands of the print.
! er of the Senate. I am driven by the gentleman ■
! to do more.
i He has facts, which he has carefully gathered
j from the Department, as to the lergth of these
ii routes; he means, and ought to have said, the
length which they are advertised the second time,
j allowing, as he does, and as the Department also
; allows, that they are longer by the second adver-
tisement than they were by the first advertisement.
' I did not say—and I was tempted, though very
j reluctantly, to interrupt him, to ask him what was
his purpose in reading this letter from the Depart-
1 ment, and in reading my remarks—I did not say
that the routes were twice as long.
Mr. SAGE. If the gentleman will allow me, 1
will read him what he said, as reported.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman has read it
already. I know it is so reported. But if the
gentleman will look at another portion of my re-
marks, he will see that I there said they were
nearly twice as long, not recollecting the precise-
figures, or having examined them since the last
Congress, when I carefully investigated the case,
though then in vain. 1 did not say they were
twice as long. I said, and I now say, that the proofs
in the case, upon oath, and the only proofs 1 had
seen—proofs which satisfied the committee of the
Senate and the Senate—showed that they were
nearly twice as long, or, at all events, they were
advertised at only one third of the distance which
they afterwards turned out to be.
Now, I ask the attention of the House to this
petition for relief. Sir, when the gentleman from
New York was making his remarks in opposition
to this humble petition of poor and humble men,
I could not help reflecting upon the difference be-
tween the action of the gentleman, or his prede-
i cessors, in the past, with his probable action in
S the future. I could not help contrasting his con-
! duct on this occasion with the action of his prede-
cessors upon the claims which were presented
i durin" the ^ast Congress by mail contractors, con-
! stituents of the gentleman from New York; who
I filled these lobbies, and who did not ask to be re-
leased from a fine inflicted upon them; who did
i not ask that this Government would refrain from
' puttinc its hands into their pockets, and taking
i their (Twn private money in the rigorous infliction
! of an unjust fine, but who said that they had made
a bad bargain, and demanded the small sum of
i several hundred thousand dollars as an indemnity
: for their want of judgment. That claim was car-
■ ried through, as all such claims are, by the mflu-
i ence brought to bear upon Congress from that
1 £reat omnipotent commercial emporium. But
! when an humble mail contractor from the West,
| beaten down and ground to the earth by the par-
j simoniousness—perhaps it is necessary—of the
1 Department under the cheap postage system^
| cheap postage brought about oy the great cities.
