1840
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"] ^ *
Sir, I am an utter stranger to this bill. I know
nothing of this case, only what has been disclosed
in debate here tcr-day. I have spoken %r this bill
in some shape, because the memory of the deeds
of Jacob Brown is very dear to me and to my
constituents. The next precedent I find is that of
Mary W. Thompson, Elizabeth W. Lomax,and
Mrs. A. M. Dade, whose pensions, according to
this report, commenced at the date of their widow-
hood—not ten years after—and continued during
their lives. The^e bills were passed during the
last Congress, and I remember that some of these
widows came from the State of Virginia, and my
friend from that State, [Mr. Faulkner]—I hope
he will excuse me—on that occasion did not find
any unsurmountable scruples in reference to them,
because the language was equivocal, or because he
did not know whether it was for half pay or for
whole pay. And why does he find objection now ?
Has he grown wiser with years ?
But I have said more than I intended upon this
case. We have blocked up the business of the
House with this matter longer than we ought to
have done. I am sorry the precedent has been
set, but I will never recede from if, on the case of
Mrs. Brown. Other truly needy persons are
awaiting our action upon this Calendar, and as
we have too long blocked up other business
againstthe bill, and as three gentlemen have spoken
consecutively against the bill, and only one in its
favor, I call for the previous question upon the
passage of the bill.
[Cries of " Question I " " Question !"]
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged motion, but 1
wish the gentleman from New York first to with-
draw his demand for the previous question.
[Criesof   No!" "No!"] .
Mr. ORR. Very well, then, if the gentleman
does not choose to do so, I will not make the mo-
tion I intendfd, and if the friends of the bill think
they can pass it, let them try, and they will, 1
think, find themselves mistaken.
Mr, HAVEN. I feel bound to regard the
wishes of the friends of this bill, rather than those
of the gentleman from South Carolina, and there-
fore I cannot withdraw.
Mr. "WHEELER. I call for tellers upon the
demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Chamberlain were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 73.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ORR. When I rose before, \ did it -with
a view of making a motion which would enable
the friends of this bill to relieve themselves from
the difficulty in which they have been placed, and
enable them to pass the bill m a manner which I
understood to be acceptable to them. But 1 con-
fess I was surprised when the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] refused to withdraw (he
demand foi the previous question, especially when
it was understood by several of us who could not
support the bill in its present shape, that if the
bill was not hud on the table, an amendment
would be offered that would be acceptable to the
friends of the bill. We understood that the
friends of the bill would accept an amendment,
and it was for that reason that many of us voted
against laying the bill upon the table who would
have voted for the motion rather than pass the
bill in its present shape.
Mr, HUGHES. I hope the House will not
adopt the amendment recommended by the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Those
who observed the proceedings of the House will
have noticed that 1 tried to set the floor. I my-
self believed that the original bill, if properly un-
derstood, appropriated none too large an amount
in this case. But, rather than hazard it, I sentup
an amendment which I had prepared, and which, ;
if I could have obtained the floor, I should have
advocated. But 1 could not yet the floor. And
now, sir, I give notice that, whenever 1 can get it
before the House, I shall present itas a substitute,
and urge thatthatmeagersum,at least,be awarded
to this a^ed widow.
Mr. HAVEN. If my friend will allowme but j
a moment, in order to put myself right, 1 will not
trouble the House again m reference to this mat-
ter. The gentleman trom South Carolina spoke
of an understanding upon the part of the friends
of the bill. Sir, I had no understanding with any
one. * I had had no conversation with any one
upon the subject until it came up in the House
to-day. But, sir, when I was appealed to to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, there
was a general cry of dissent among the friends of
the bill, with whom there must have been an un-
derstanding, if with any one, and therefore I de-
clined to withdraw the demand.
One word more, and I have done. My friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] shows me the statute
in reference to Mrs. Worth. It puts her on the
pension roll at the rate of fifty dollars per month.
Now, to show why I made the ^ss"ertion that I
did, 1 desire to read from the committee's report.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I wish to remark that
Worth was Colonel, and Brown was Major Gen-
eral.
Mr. HAVEN. I only want to put myself
right. On page second of the Senate report 1 find
the following:
"Act of January 7, 1853, for the relief of Margaret
Worth, widow of Brevet Major General Worth, granting
to her half pay during her natural life."
I was misled by this, and if the House under-
stand the explanation, I shall now resume my
seat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman from Oregon to state that at the time
Worth was Colonel.
Mr. LANE. He was.
Mr. JONES. That is true, but he was Major
General by brevet; and at the time of his death he
had the command of Major Genera! by brevet. He
died m Texas while in that command, and receiv-
mg pay as such.
Mr. LANE. I think that he was receiving
pay as Colonel.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a few
woids m reply to the gentleman f:om New York,
[Mr. Ha\en.] He himself conceded that the
amount of the bill was too large, yet he concluded
his speech by moving the previous question, which
precluded any reduction of the amount contained
in the bill.
The gentleman made an eloquent speech. He
eulogutzed the character and services of Major
General Brown. I have nothing to say in dero-
gation of them. Nobody can appreciate his ability
and gallantry more than 1 do; but 1 feel that it is
my duty, as a Representative in this body, not to
yield to these appeals to thesympathies and feeling
of honorable gentlemen. 1 remember that at the
last session of Congress the bill for the relief of
Mrs. Worth, now quoted as a precedent for giving
this large pension to Mrs. Brown, was carried
through Congress by the same appeal. So anx-
ious were members to pass it, so strong was the
feeling in favor of Mrs. Worth, that the previous
question was demanded, and 1 was cut off from
speaking to the bill, and the only opportunity that
1 had of being: heard was on a motion to reconsider.
When I then made the objection that the bill
would be quoted as a precedent, that we were ex-
tending our pension system too far, what was the
reply ? I was told that there would never again
be such a case; that we had no other such officer
as General Worth; and that if, perchance, we
should hereafter have a case of the same sort, the
same principle should be applied. I do not know
whether that case goes to the extent that this one
does; but 1 am willing to give Mrs. Brown a pen-
sion according to the usual form. 1 do not knoW'
but I would go a little further. And to enable the
House to go back, to put the bill in an acceptable
shape, and to preserve consistency in our legisla-
tion, I shall move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time. If the reconsideration he agreed to,
it will then be in order to move a substitute. I
am of opinion that it will not be m order to strike
out that which the House has already inserted:
hence, the only way the amendment could be
made, would be by way of substitute, when the
reconsideration was effected. I would suggest that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hughes]
offer his substitute, and then allow the chairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions to move his
amendment, so that the sense of the House may
be fairty tested. By doing that the bill may be
passed,and the House relieved from its embar-
rassment.
The question was then taken; and the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
,be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HUGHES. I now propose to strike out
the enacting clause, and insert as a substitute for •
the bill what has already been read at the Clerk's
desk.
I have been seeking the floor to say something
upon this bill, but gentlemen upon my left say,
let us vote. I do not wish to occupy the time of
the House any further than by reading the last ^
clause of the report of the committee of which the
honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] is chairman. He says, in this report
made to the House:
" When General Brown entered the Army, his property
and business rendered him independent. He served the
country well. But, abandoning his business, his pecum
aiy affairs became involved, and after many years of buf-
fering he died, ' covered with glory,'but leaving an em-
barrassed estate. The widow of General Brown is now
seventy-nine years old, and is dependent upon her friends
for that support which the Government ought to secure to
her."
Upon that report the committee introduced a bill
here to pay Mrs. General Brown thirty dollars a
month, from the 1st day of January, 1854; to last
ten years, should she exist so long ! This was the
magnanimity of my friend from Indiana; and I
wonder not that he advocated so warmly a bill
that proposed to give such a gross amount to Mrs.
Brown.
It would be useless for me to advocate this
cause before the House. It would be useless for
me to point you to the many brave, gallant, and
honorable acts of General Brown. They are en-
graven upon the grateful hearts of his country-
men; and the cold monumental marble that has
been raised by order of this Government to mark
his grave, points you to the fact, that he lost his
life in the iieroic defense of his country. Gentle-
men have but to wander with me one of these
pleasant mornings, and read for themselves the
following, on the east face of the monument
erected by Congress to his memory, and written
by President Adams. That inscription is as fol-
lows:
SACRED
To the memory of
Major General Jacob Brown,
By birth, by education, by principle,
Devoted to Peace.
In defense of his country,
A warrior;
To her he dedicated his life.
Wounds received in her cause abridged his days.
The amendment which I have offered in the na-
ture of a substitute for the bill is precisely of the
same nature as the bills which have passed Con-
gress granting a pension to the widows ofGenerals
Worth, Belknap, Armistead, and Lomax. The
cases are exactly similar, with the exception that
the high rank held by Major General Brown differs
from that of those other honorable gentlemen to
whom I have referred. Mrs Brown exists to-day
a spared monument—the last relic of an officer
who held that high position—a position which is
now held by Major General Scott. And while *
we have spent some time during the present ses-
sion of Congress on the bill to give a new title to
General Scott, let us not, for Heaven's sake, by
all we hold dear, by all we cherish as patriots and
lovers of our country, by those memories in
which are embalmed the names of those who per-
ished in that country's defense—let us not, 1 say,
hesitate to do this last act of simple justice to Mrs.
Brown.
I will not call the previous question, as was said
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Okr.]
Mr. LANE. It is now proposed to put the bill
in a proper shape; and I desire to say that in that
shape I hopeit will pass. 1 do notriseto say one
word in opposition to what has been said by the
gentlemen from New York, [Messrs. Hughes
and Haven.]
I have no desire to contravene what has been
said by my friend from New York over the way,
[Mr. Haven,] or by the gentleman from New
York who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Hughes.]
Both of them have paid high tributes to the gal-
lantry, worth, and patiiotism'of General Brown.
And if I could command words I would join them
in their eulogies, and I might say more than
either. But enough has been said in that respect.
You have an amendment before you, which, if
