272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27.
general of the militia, Doctor Brown, dress said
Stafford's wounds; that two of said wounds—one
on the left shoulder, and one on front of the left
thigh-—were very deep, and of an alarming aspect,
and he doubted at that time whether said Stafford
would survive them."
It appears from the affidavit of Captain Joseph
Westcott, that "said wounds had deprived said
Stafford permanently of that strength and energy
for which before he was so conspicuous, and
have so injured said Stafford's bodily powers as
to disable him totally for military service, or the
business of civil life, and to prevent him from
earning a livelihood by labor."
Mr. MAURICE. I have no desire to object,
but I wish to ask the gentleman who has charge of
this bill, if Congress has not already gianted him
a pension upon the strength of this very report,
and whether he is not now receiving a pension ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, he is receiving a
pension, and that is his misfortune. If he had
not received a pension under a special act of Con-
gress, the Department could grant him adequate re-
lief. But Congress, some time since, I do not re-
member when, granted him a pension at the rate
of ten dollars per month, when, according to the
rank he held in the army, he was entitled to
$15 or $17. One committee says §15 and another
$17. The Committee on Pensions cannot grant
him full pay, because his pension is under a special
act. This bill proposes to increase it, and make it
what it should be, if the special act had not been
Mr. MAURICE. I think it had better lie over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the gentleman will
hear the bill read again he will see that there is
no difficulty in the matter. I think it is a meri-
torious case.
The bill was again read through, and laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order upon the Calendar was
House bill (No. 202) " for the relief nf Hezekmh
Johnson, of the town of Bndgewater, in the State
of Vermont."
It appears in this case that the petitioner, in the
month of July, 1813, enlisted in the forty-fifth
regiment, at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to
serve during the war; that he continued in the ser-
vice until May, 1814; and that during that time
he was compelled to serve as an artilleryman in
Fort Sullivan, under command of Lieutenant
Greenough; and that while there he received a
severe injury, while«enga^ed in firing the cannon,
by being thrown from the platform by a rope con-
nected with the cannon; and as he could no longer
perform the duties of a soldier he was discharged,
rhat it was sufficiently established that the wit-
nesses were creditable, and that the petitioner was
a worthy man. The committee think he is enti-
tled to a special act for his relief.
There was no objection, and the hill was accord-
ingly laid aside, to*be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The Calendar now having been gone through,
Mr. DEAN moved that the committee rise and
report such bills as had been laid aside for that
purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] to withdraw
his objection to House bill (No. 193) for the relief
of Alton Nelson. It is a very meritorious claim,
and the bill ought not to be delayed in its pas-
sage.
Mr. LETCHER. It maybe a very merito-
rious claim for aught I know, but the Clerk is not
at)ie to read the report; there is'no opportunity to
explain; and the House cannot understand the
subject upon which they are called upon to act.
1 cannot withdraw the objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. If 1 have it in my power to
do so, I desire to withdraw my objection to House
bill (No. 180) for the relief of William B. Ed-
wards. I wasat the moment debating a pointcon-
nected with it, and on that account the objection
was considered as made. I now wish that objec-
tion to be withdrawn, because I have discovered
that it comes within a rule adopted by the House,
and I do not wish to make this an exception to
the class of cases to which it belongs. I think the
rule itself wrong, bu' I will take some other occa-
sion than this to make the point. It was in refer-
ence to this point that the objection was made, and
X hope I shall be permitted to withdraw it. i
Mr. DEAN. Is not my motion, that the Com-
mittee rise, in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. DEAN. Then I insist upon the motion
that the committee rise, and report such cases as
have been laid aside.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
The committee rose! -and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had under
consideration the several bills on the Private Cal-
endar, and had directed him to report, with amend-
ments, the following bills:
House bill (No. 54) " for the relief of Madison
Parton;"
House bill (No. 178) "for the relief of Benja-
min Rowe."
And that they had directed him to report, with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
they do pass, House bills of the following titles:
No. 120. (tA bill for the relief of Henry N.
Halstead."
No. 121. "A bill for the relief of Benjamin
Hammond, of the State of New York."
No. 122. "A bill for the relief of Henry J.
Snow, of Rome, in the State of New York."
No. 124. "A bill for the relief of Lemuel Hud-
son. "
No. 126. "A bill for the relief of George S.
Claflin."
No. 127. "A bill for the relief of James P.
Green."
No. 128. "A bill for the relief of Thomas
Frazer."
No. 129. "A bill for the relief of Cornelius H.
Latham."
No. 130. "A bill for the relief of Samuel W.
Brady."
No. 134. "A bill for the relief of Fayette
Mauzy and Robert G. Ward."
No. 110. "A bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late John E. Bispham."
No. 173. "A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen
McKay, widow of the late Colonel yEneas Mc-
Kay, Deputy Quartermaster General United States
Army."
No. 174. "A bill for the relief of D. C. Cash
and Giles W. Ellis."
No. 110. "A bill authorizing the payment of
the balance of the property accounts between the
United States and the State of New York for
military stores in the war of 1812."
No. 175- "A bill, for the relief of John O.
Mears."
No. 177. "A bill for the relief of Lyman N.
Cook."
No. 179. "A bill for the relief ofEmelie Hooe,
widow of Captain Hooe."
No. 181. " A bill for the relief of John Hamil-
ton."
No. 183. "A bill for the relief of the Utica
Steam "Woolen Company."
No. 184. "A bill for the relief of Gray, Mc-
Murdo & Co."
No. 191. UA bill for the relief of George W.
Gibson."
No. 192. "A bill for the rehef of Parmelia Sla-
vin, widow of Jolm Blue, deceased."
No. 194. "A bill to provide a pension for Silas
Champion."
i No. 200. "A bill to confirm to Hercules L.
! Dousman his title to farm lot No. 32, adjoining
j the town of Prairie Du Chien, in theState of Wis-
j cousin."
j No. 201. "A bill for the relief of Aaron Staf-
ford."
No. 202. "A bill for the relief ofHezekiah John-
son, of the town of Bridgewater, in the State of
Vermont,"
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to vote on all the bills to which no amend-
ments have been proposed ?
Many Voices. "Yes," "Yes."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object. Let us
vote on one at a time.
Mr. HUNT. I move an adjournment.
[Loud Cries of "No !" " No !"]
Mr. HUNT. Well, I withdraw it.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. EWING. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to move an adjournment till Monday.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order at
any time.
Mr. EWING. I move then that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion
I ask the yeas and nays.
The House was divided on the demand for the
ye is and nays; and there were—ayes 25, noes 118.
Mr. WALKER. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I call for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on.Mr. Ewixg's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
all the bills upon which separate votes are not
asked be passed en masse.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have a sep-
arate vote upon each.
The following bill was reported to the House:
No. 54. " A bill for the relief of Madison Par-
ton."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whale
have reported an amendment to that bill, to strike
out all relating to the payment of interest.
Mr. HILLYER. I respectfully ask the atten-
tion of the House for one moment to the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the Committee
of the Whole House. I understand that the
question first recurs on agreeing to that amend-
ment. 1 dislike to tiouhle the House with the
consideration of so small a matter; but it is of
some importance to my constituent who is claim-
ing this amount fiom the Government; and in his
behalf I beg leave to state the ground upon which
I think it is just and equitable that he should be
allowed interest. His services were rendered in
1837; and the leason he has not been able to settle
his claim with Government is, that by the neglect
of its officers, the public rolls returned to the War
Department did not show the date of his dis-
chaige nor the length of his services.
These rolls, by the decision of the Department,
have been held to be conclusive as to the amount
claimed; and it is because of this decision that he
has been compelled to resort to this House for re-
dress. Inasmuch as his inability, then, to estab-
lish his claim against the Government for the time
his services were rendered is to be attributable to
the fault and the neglect of the officers of the
Government, 1 think it is right that we should
allow him interest. The claim will amount to
only some fifty dollars. I trust that the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole will be
voted down.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The principle of
paying mteiest on claims is one that has not been
recognized by the Government. This may be a
hard case, and the gentleman from Georgia seems
to think that it is; but if he will inquire at the
Third Auditor's office he will find fiat there have
been one hundred cases ptesented to it, as meri-
torious as this one, where soldiers lost their horses
m the Florida war. Tliey remained for years
without receiving pay for their horses, and yet,
when paid, they obtained no interest on their
claims. The presumption is that the Government
pays what is due, and when it is due; but she has
never paid interest except by special contract.
Mr. HILLYER. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will permit me, I will reply that this is very
different from a claim of unliquidated demand.
The claim of compensation for a horse is very
different from the claim for a debt actually due
for services rendered. The claim we have now
before us rests upon contract. The amount is
specified by law. The amount is due just as
much as if it were due on a promissory note. It
is a liquidated demand. It is not a claim depend-
ent upon adjudication and trial, upon hearing
testimony and of proof; hut it is liquidated, and
if between individuals, would bear interest by
jaw. It is very different from the class of claims
referred to by the gentleman from Tennessee. I
will repeat, in conclusion, that the reason this
claim was not settled by the Department, was
owing to the neglect of the officers of the Govern-
ment in failing to return the rolls with this man's
name upon them.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise simply for the
purpose of responding to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee upon the question of the
