THE COWKKSSIOXU. GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1854.
New Series....No. 116,
you adopt it, will give to Mrs. Brown over $9,000,
besides placing her on the pension list at the rate
of fifty dollars per month for the balance of her
life. I think she ought to have it.
I have a word to say to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Haven.] There is this difference be-
tween him and myself: I have been sometime in
the field, and have had the command of soldiers.
I do not mention that through any sentiment of
vanity, but because it gives me the right to say
that the credit of victory is not always to be as-
cribed entirely to the officer in lieu of the men. I
_ am for giving equal credit to both officers and
men, I want to have even handed justice done
to all. I desire to see justice done to the widow
of General Brown. You have a proposition here
giving her a good pension, and which 1 think the
House will readily adopt. BuL-when you do that
I desire to say that, in my opinion, there are
many objects in the country entitled to your pro-
tection in this regard, entitled to bounties of this
kind. Will you extend the same favor to them ?
Will you still require the widows of soldiers who
have fallen fighting the battles of their country,
to subsist on four dollars per month, while here
you have before you a bill voting $20,000 at once
to a widow of an officer. Now, I mention this
that the House may look to consistency in its
action. I am willing to do justice to her if I knew
that the House would be willing to do the same
justice to others.
I am not quite done yet. I hav|> the floor, and
intend to move the previous question, unless my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Knox] wants to take
the^floor. It is not worth while for meto say that
the amendment pleases me, and will please this
House, and will, I am confident, be adopted. It
is all that Mrs. Brown herself would like to have,
and perhaps a little more.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to have the floor one moment' I do not wish
to address the House again, but just to make a
few remarks in reply to the gentleman from New
York. That gentleman has done me the honor
to read to the House a portion of my report in
this case. I do not think that the gentleman from
New York, by his ardent speech, indorses the
gallantry of Major General Brown in any better
terms than I did in the report which I made; and
it is not generous in him, or in any other gentle-
man upon this floor, to try to place me m the
position of being opposed to granting a pension
to Mrs. Brown. I have not occupied that posi-
tion at all, but I have occupied the position upon
this floor, from first to last, in favor of a consist- ,
ent course of legislation, whether it applies to one 1
person or another.
Mr. HAVEN. I beg pardon of my friend
from Indiana for interrupting him. 1 endeavored
to do him full justice in ascribing to him a desire
to do full justice to Mrs. Brown. If I did not do
so, it was entirely unintentional.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman cannot
claim much for doing me full justice. I did not
say that I was in favor of giving Mrs. Brown
thirty dollars a month, because the case was not
established. I said, in my report, that Mrs.
Brown—and I said it in my speech—had applied
to the Pension Office, and that, under the laws and
regulations which govern that bureau, she could !
not make out her case there.
Mr. HUGHES. Did not the Pension Bureau
once pass her case?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Gallagher did once
pass her case, but it was rejected by two different ;
Secretaries. I did not say I was in favor of pay-
ing her thirty dollars a month because her case
was not made out at the Pension Bureau. I said,
in the report, that the facts, in my judgment, were
established, not technically, but substantially, by
such evidence as would satisfy a jury sitting in
the box.
It is right that the different Departments should
have technical rules by which they are to be gov-
erned; and, when a case which has merit in it
cannot be made out according to the technicalities
and laws of the Department, it is proper then to
116
come here to obtain relief. But they are not sat-
isfied with such relief as they would have got at
the Department, provided their case had been made
out there. They must go further, and seek relief
far beyond that. If the proof had been full and
complete in this case, under the rules of the De-
partment, Mrs Brown would have received $100 a
year for five years. If she had succeeded under
the law of 1836, she would have received thirty
dollars a month; and by the law of 1852 that was
renewed, so as to give her thirty dollars a month
for ten years, and then it would end.
Now, the committee framed the bill under the
last expressed will of Congress. I ask if it is the
duty of the committee to disregard, in its action,
the expression of the will of Congress; or is it
rather the duty of a committee to follow that will,
and to follow the analogy of the laws which have
been enacted ? We adopted the last legislation of
Congress upon the1 subject, which legislation gives
thirty dollars a month for ten years, and we framed
the bill accordingly,
I have no "objection to Mrs. Brown having a
pension under the law of 1803. She originally
wanted that, and that satisfied her then. That
also has satisfied others. But it does not satisfy
her now. That law would have given her $100
a month for five years, and I ask the gentleman to
find and point me to a case of general legislation,
where a widow has received a pension for a longer
period than five years. I know of no case since
the year 1800. All the soldiers who have fought
the battles of our country receive the pension for
only five years. There is already enough of aris-
tocracy in the Army without increasing it, by in-
creasing the pay after the death of the officer. I
am not in favor of this bill as it has been amended,
but I am in favor of a consistent system of legis-
lation.
1 propose to offer an amendment, without, how-
ever, any idea that it will be adopted, after the
course which the House has already pursued. I
propose to give her the full relief which she would
have received under the general law. If she had
succeeded in establishing her claim under the law
of 1836, she would have received a pension for
live years. That is what is given to all other per-
sons under the general law.
I ask again, if it is the duty of a committee to
followthe analogiesof general laws in their action,
or to disregard them? If this House wishes to
give Mrs.Jirown $100,000, she shall enjoy it, so
far as 1 am concerned, without a single after-
thought. I wish her all prosperity as the widow
of Major General Brown. 1'have no feeling but
that. If there are others who are to be enriched
by such means, they will never be enriched out of
the public Treasury by my vote. I think I have
pursued such a course as a committeeman ought
to pursue in reporting bills to the House. Now,
if my friend from Oregon will yield me the floor
still further for that purpose, I will offer an amend-
ment, and then call the previous question.
"Mr. LANE. 1 will allow thegentleman to offer
his amendment, but I do not yield for him to call
the previous question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ithen move to strikeout
all after the enacting clause in the bill, and insert
the following;
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby is, au-
thorized and directed to place the name of Pamela Brown,
the widow of Major General Jacob Brown, late of the
U mted .States Army, upon the roll of pensioners of the United
Mtatcs, at the rate of $100 per month, to commence the 18th
of January, 1854, to continue five years from date, and
then cease.
Mr. MILLSON. Now, will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. LANE. I will yield to the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not propose to prolong
this debate further than to notice a remark which
fell from the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] some minutes since, in whichhe referred
to the case of Mrs. Lomax, which he has some-
what misapprehended. The gentleman took oc-
casion to say that there was a Virginia case which
passed the last Congress, and on that occasion
there was no scruple or objection upon the part
of the Virginia delegation. My purpose now is
to set the gentleman right upon that subject.
1 know that allusions have been sometimesmade
to what is supposed to be the disposition of the
Virginia delegation upon this floor, that they only
vote for appropriations affecting them or their
State, while they vote against such as affect only
other constituencies. It is hardly necessary for
me here to enter upon a vindication of the course
of the Virginia delegation in this House, where it
is well understood. Although allusions of this
sort are sometimes made in the newspapers, I
regret that the gentleman from New York has
thought proper thus to speak of the Virginia del-
egation.
Mr. HAVEN. I may have been again milled
by the report. 1 relied entirely upon that. If the
report is wrong, the gentleman from Virginia will
correct it. I stood entirely upon the report. That
says, among others, that Mrs. Lomax was to re-
ceive her pension from the date of her widowhood,
to continue during her natural life.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand the facts per-
fectly, and it is for the purpose of stating them
that I have risen.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 wish the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would let this matter pass. Let us have the
previous question, and come to a vote.
Mr. MILLSON. J have but a word to say,
and 1 have done. This case first passed the Sen-
ate. It was reported first as one of the strongest
cases, and I tiling was the strongest case then
presented. It came to the House of Representa-
tives, and was referred to the Committee of the
\yhole on the Private Calendar. When it came
up in Committee of the Whole, a motion was
made by the then chairman of the Committee ort
Invalid Pensions, [Mr. Harris, of Tennessee,]
to reduce the amount to what would have been
granted under the general law, and there was not
a word of objection made to that motion by
any one of the Virginia delegation. The com-
mittee adopted the amendment, and the bill passed
the House in its amended form. It went to the
Senate where the amendment was concurred in,
and the pension of Mrs. Lomax was reduced to
thirty dollars per month for five years, commenc-
ing with the date of the application on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Afterwards the other bills, seven or eight in
number, which had passed the Senate, at the same
time came to this House, and without being re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole, as was
Mrs. Lomax's bill, were taken up by suspension
of the rules, and under the operation of the pre-
vious question, passed, just as they passed the
Senate. Even the gentleman who made the mo-
tion to reduce Mrs. Lomax's allowance thought
it was exceedingly unjust to subject her to a rule
which was not applied to any of the others,
who stood on precisely the same ground. Then
it was, at the close of Congress, that we passed
a supplemental act restoring Mrs. Lomax's bill
to the footing which it occupied when it passed
the Senate.- So that it seems,Jthat so far from the
Virginia case being pressed through Congress by
the Virginia members, it was the only one sub-
jected to the operation of this rule, and not a single
delegate from Virginia opposed the reduction at
the time it was made.
[Cries of " Question!" ]
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I do not like to see
hasty legislation, It does not become us. This
is an important matter,and deserves at our hands
full and mature deliberation. My friend from In-
diana has the right view of this question; but,
while acknowledging this, I have committed my-
self to the amendment, and I must say that, of two
evils, I took the least. Now, Mrs. Brown would
be entitled, were a pension allowed heratthePen-
sion Office, from the time of her husband's death,
to $fi,000. If justice were done in this case, she
would, under the provisions of the law of 1802,
be entitled to $102 a month for five years. I men-
tion this to show that 1 am satisfied the chairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions has been
