1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
to establish. Let Government hold men who take
contracts to a strict accountability; and when the
Government has notdeceived the parties, nor done
any act to their prejudice, it should not grant re-
lief. The Government has not deceived these pap-
ties, because it gave notice to them of the routes,
and named the points between which they run;
and that the contractors should inform themselves
in relation to them. A clause of the advertisement
for these lettings is in these words:
"10. The distances are given according to the best informa
tion ; but no increased pay will be allowed should Uiey be
greater than advemsed, it' the points to be supplved be 'cor-
rectly stated. Bidders must inform themselves on this
point."
If these routes had been one third less in length
than they were advertised to be, the parties would
have had the benefit of that variation. If they adver-
tise a route as three hundred miles in length, and
it turns out to be only two hundred and fifty, they
must pay for the three hundred miles advertised,
and the contractor would get the benefit of it. I
am opposed to granting the relief asked for, how-
ever great the case of individual hardship; for it
was one brought on the parties by their own
folly.
Mr. WALBRIDG-E. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the proposition long
enough to have the memorial read.
Mr. GROW. 1 will withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. E WING. I was about to ask to have the
memorial read.
Mr. GROW. I do not withdraw the demand
for any remarks to he made.
Mr. EWING. That would be a very hard
case.
Mr. GROW. I appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw his demand in my favor a few minutes
since, and he refused. I withdraw only for the
purpose of having the memorial read.
The memorial was read by the Clerk, as follows:
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives in
CojLgi en usstinblul:
Your petitioners, James Jeffries and Jeremiah Smith,
state that they were the successful bidders for cairving
the mail for four years ending the 1st day of July, 1854, on
fourteen routes m the State ot Texas, among winch were
those numbered 6-288, 6269, and 6377. Your petinoner*
state that one of them went from his residence in Barren
county, Kentucky,to the State of Texas, tor the purpose of
making the necessary arrangements for filling their con-
tact ; but, on his arrival, found himself greatly deceived as
to the nature of the country and the state of the roads over
which the mails wete to lie earned, insomuch that it was
with difficulty that he succeeded in employing persons to
carrv the mail on only a portion of the routes, which he did
by engaging to give them the whole of the compilation
they were to receive fium the Government. Your petition-
ers, anxious to carry their contract into execution in good
faith, being willing to lose their tune and tlieir necessary
expense* incurred in traveling. Your petitioners are in-
formed that most of the persons with whom they contracted,
as aforesaid, have been substituted for them by the Post-
master Genera! and it is presumed they have executed the
necessary bonds, so that a>  to alt such loutes your petition-
ers suppose th«'y are exonerated. P.ut lor their failure to
execute bonds with the required secunty foi carrying the
mail on the aforesaid routes—Nos. 626^, 6269, and 6277,
they have been fined hv the Postmaster General in the
sum ot part of which, viz: $444, they have p.ud.
Now vour petitioner* Mate that the distance on route No.
626U wa* stated m the advertisement of the Department to
be thirty five milo-=, whereas they have been informed, and
believe'theactual distances aboutsfventy fivemiles; and
th y have, moreover, understood (roin information that the
real distance on all the routes in Texas which they bid off',
exceeded that stated in the advertisement—they looked to
the adveitisement (or the distances, and have thus been mis-
led. But, however deceived or misled, your petitioneis
humbly conceive that it cannot be for the interest ot the
Government rigorously to exact from its citizens, your pe-
titioners and their guarantors, a foifeiturc incurred by their
failure, or more properly, their inability, to comply with a
haul bargain. They therefore pray that your honorable
body will take their case into consideration, and exon prate
them from the fine and forfeiture aforesaid, or extend to
them such relief as may be deemed re.a.«on/ible
JAMBS JEFFRIES,
J. M. SMITH.
Mr.EWING. I hopethe House will refuse to
second the demand.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PHELPS. Is there not a motion pending
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads ?
The SPEAKER. There is such amotion pend-
ing, but the question is first upon referring to the
Committee of the Whole House.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the bill; and it was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EW1NG. Is not the call for the previous
question now exhausted?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and will not be
until the motions to commit are disposed of.
Mr. HIESTER. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill on the table; there being, on a divis-
ion—ayes 48, noes not counted.
The question was then taken on the reference
of the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and it was agreed to.
SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE DEFICIENCY
BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Onion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question under con-
sideration when the committee was last in session,
was the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr.'PHELPS. I move the bill be laid aside,
that we may take up for consideration the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not pro-
pose to occupy much of the tune of the commit-
tee at present in explaining the action ot the
Committee of Ways and Means 011 the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill. The
bill as it passed the House of Representatives
contained appropriations to the amount of nearly
§1,500,001). The Senate, by its action, has added,
as amendments to the bill, appropriations (besides
indefinite ones) to the amount of upwards of
$2,000,000. The Committee of Ways and Means,
m considering those amendments of the Senate,
concluded to recommend to the House the adop-
tion of a number of them, amounting to little less
than §500,000. If the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means be adopted, there
will be still more than §1,500,000 involved in the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
A portion of the amendment made by the Sen-
ate, and in which the Committee of Ways and
Means agree in recommending to the adoption of
the House, consist of appropriations for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the Indians. These
amount to about $150,000. Theobject of having
them in this bill is, that the Department may be
enabled to have at their command this sum of
money in advance of the passage of the regular
Indian appropnation bill. Tins money is for an-
nuities we are bound to pay to the Sioux Indians
m Minnesota, by treaties made with them m
1851. A portion of these annuities have to be
paid in goods, and as the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs,"under existing laws, is required to give
sixty days' notice for proposals for furnishing
those goods, and as those goods have to be trans-
ported from the Atlantic cities to the Territory of
Minnesota, it is important, nay more, it is neces-
sary, that these goods should be delivered to the
Indians agents in the summer months. For if we
wait untii the rivers are frozen, the transportation
would have to be entirely by land from the shores
of Lake Michigan. The appropriation does not in-
crease the expenditures of the Government at all.
It is a mere transfer of this appropriation from
the Indian appropriation bill to this deficiency
bill, and the Department urges upon Congress
that a similar course shall be pursued with the
appropriations designed for the next year.
TheCommitteeofWaysand Means also find an
amendment adopted by the Senate, appropriating
$500,000 towards the construction of water-works
for the cities of Washington and Georgetown.
This appropriation is proposed as a deficiency. The
sum of $100,000 was appropriated by the last
Congress to be expended on these works during
the present fiscal year. 1 am informed that, since
the passage of this bill by the Senate, a portion
of the woikmenwho have been employed upon
these works have been discharged, and no more
have been retained than ean be employed under
the appropriation during the residue of the pres-
ent fiscal year.
A more important question than that of expe-
diting the work by making appropriations in ad-
vance of the regular appropriation bills is, in the
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether Congress will prosecute work on this
aqueduct upon the plan adopted. This plan,
according to the estimate of the officers having
the work in charge, will cost about $9,400,000.
Shall Congress prosecute this work or abandon it ?
It is stated a sufficient supply of water can be
obtained at a cost of about $1,000,000 by adopt-
ing a different plan. The Committee of Ways
and Means did not feel competent to decide this
question; they leave it for the decision of the
House.
Another amendment provides for the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Potomac, at Little
Falls. It appropriates $75,000. The Committee
of Ways and Means cannot concur in this, but
recommend to the House to disagree to it.
There is another important amendment made
by the Senate, which was much discussed at the
time the deficiency bill was under consideration
here before: I refer to the appropriations for the
further prosecution of the work on various custom-
houses. It will be recollected that the first de-
ficiency bill failed in this House in consequence
of burdening it with appropriations for custom-
houses. A second bill was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, omitting them. The
Committee of Ways and Means deemed it ex-
pedient to report a separate bill, providing for the
prosecution of the work on those custom-houses,
and also providing some additional guards and
checks upon the expenditure of that money. The
Senate has added to this deficiency bill all those
custom-houses which were defeated here, and has
also made appropriations to the amount of $450,000
in addition—$250,000 of it for the completion of
the custom-house at San Francisco, and $500,000
for the construction of a new custom-nouse at
Portland, Maine, the late custom-house ill that
city having been burnt down.
Again, there is another class of appropriations
for the completion of marine hospitals. The Sen-
at&dias added an appropriation for such marine
hospitals as were adopted in the Commitiee of
the Whole here, but rejected in the House. In
addition to those, it has appropriated $15,000
towards constructing a new hospital at the town
of Burlington, in the Slate of Iowa. While we
were discussing the proposed expenditures for
custom-houses and marine hospitals, it was urged
in the House by the advocates of these appropri-
ations, that it was necessary that fire-proof build-
ings should be erected.
In explanation of the action of the Committee
of Ways and Means upon this subject, itis proper
to say they desire to see erected substantial fire-
proof buildings, but do not feel justified in recom-
mending large expenditures for the purpose of
constructing ornamental public buildings. Whilst
the Committee of Ways and Means desire to se-
cure a wise public economy, they do not desire
the Government to be either parsimonious or nig-
gardly in its expenditureof money upon important
public buildings. It must also be recollected that
these appropriations are not deficiencies. The re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury shows that
but a small portion of the money already appro-
priated for the erection of these custom-houses
has been expended. Perhaps not one fourth of
the money appropriated has been expended up to
this time; certainly it was not expended in the
month of January last, the date of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury. There has been,
and now is, sufficiency of money on hand in the
Treasury, as appears by that report, which may
be applied to the erection and completion^ of these
buildings, and more money than can be wisely ex-
pended during the residue of this fiscal year. For
these reasons, the Committee of Ways and Means
felt themselves bound, at that time, to oppose
those appropriations, and for the same reasons
they now recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
I did not expect, in the few remarks which I
felt called upon to make in explanation of the ac-
tion of the commitiee, to comment upon every
amendment proposed by the Senate. There will
be time for this when the five-minute debate shall
commence; and I hope that the House, when the
