1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
conscientious. He desires Mrs. Brown to be
treated- as any other pensioner. He wants her
placed on the footing of others, under the general
law. Nay, he wishes to do better by her. He
cannot establish before the Department her right to
a pension, and yet he provides, by the bill he has
reported, that she shall be placed on the pension
list.
Here let me say, that soldiers fight the battles.
I have had the good fortune to acquire some repu-
tation as a commander, but I owe it to my com-
mand entirely. I had good help, and so succeeded,
and am grateful to them for it; and should I ever
fall in the service of my country, and be entitled
to a pension for my wife and children, f shall
will every cent of it to the soldiers under my com-
mand. They fight the battles, and it is the com-
mander who gains the reputation. That reputation
is a. rich boon*, and far above price. It is worth
more than money. A disposition has been mani-
fested to give to the commander and his heirs a
larger pension than you give to his entire com-
mand. Will the House act upon that principle?
"Will they build up an aristocracy in this country,
and say that, because a man has proved himself
gallant as a commander, he shall receive a larger
sum than tlie entire force under his command r
God knows we have many gallant men in this
country. It is a rare thing to find a coward in the
service. Give our officers American soldiers, and
they will make for themselves a reputation upon
the field of which their country may well be
proud. Let me say, in conclusion, that I desire to
see as nearly as possible an equal distribution of
favors on the part of the Government towards
those who have served their country in its time of
need. As I am under a promise to yield the floor
to the gentleman ftorn Illinois, [Mr. Knox,] 1
will now do so, for five minutes.
Mr. KNOX. This House will bear me witness
that 1 seldom trouble them witS speeches. / am,
unfortunately, placed in a wrong position in ref-
erence to this measure, which I believe to be one
of great justice to an aged widow and her family.
It so happens that I am charged with having
moved the previous question in order to prevent
fentlemen from a full discussion of this question.
wish simply to state the facts. When this meas-
ure was under consideration in Committee of the
W hole House, I moved an amendment, and called
the attention of gentlemen to the report of the
committee, of which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] is chairman. The committee
immediately called for a vote upon the amendment,
and it was adopted and reported to the House.
This morning I took the floor, and gentlemen
around me who were friends ofthe bill said, "Call
for the previous question.>5 1 presumed that the
minds of gentlemen were made up in regard to
this matter, and it was not out of any want of
courtesy to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
dricks,] orany other memberupon this floor, that
I called for the previous question in compliance
with the general request of those around me.
I examined the case thoroughly, and became
interested in it from reading first the repoit made
by the gentleman from Indiana, then a report
made in the Senate, and afterwards a speech, and
the only one made upon it in the Senate, by Gen-
eral Cass, in which he indorsed fully everything
contained in the report of the Senate committee.
After this examination and investigation, I be-
came thoroughly satisfied that the case was ajust
and meritorious one; and now I wish merely to
add that I hope the House will not consider the
case as prejudiced by anything which I may have
done or said in regard to the matter.
Mr. LANE. I will yield now for a few min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wright,] and then I shall call for the previous
question.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speak-
er, I do not wish to take up the time of the House
by any extended remarks on the subject of this
bill. But I wish to say a word or two with ref-
erence to the claims of a gallant soldier in Penn-
sylvania. And I hope those gentlemen who are
appealing to the House in favor of the widow of
General Brown, will permit me to cite an instance
which has come under my own observation.
[Cries of " Order!" and " Gtuestion !"]
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 rise for the purpose of
elaborating an incident, which proves the truth of
that which has fallen from the hps of my friend
from Oregon, [Mr. Lane.] He has statedliere,
with truth,-that it is-the 14 rank" which-receives
the honors and the pay, and the 41 file" which does
the vifork. There never were truer words uttered.
I hold here in my hand a medal 
[Cries of " Order !,f " Order !,r]
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. The military service of the country, and
the rank and file, is not the question before the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order raised by the gentleman from Ohio is well
taken.
Mr. WRIGHT. I conceive that I know enough
of the rules which govern this body to be aware
whether I am in order or not. [Laughter.] Now,
I hold here in my hand a medal, and it furnishes
an illustration of the principle about which I am
going to make an argument. I hold here a letter
written by the Governor of Pennsylvania to Wil-
liam Pace, forwarding a medal. The inscription
on the medal is:
To William Pace,
In testimony of his patriotism and bravery
In the naval action on Lake Erie,
September ]0, 1814.
There, sir, is the medal (producing it) granted
to that man. Now, I want to say a word in re-
spect to this man.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. WRIGHT. I am strictly m order. I give
this as an illustration. William Pace was born in
the same town in which I was born.
[Laughter, and renewed cries of "Order!"]
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a point of order.
The remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
are not in order, as they have no connection with
the question under consideration before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the question of order raised by the gentle-
man from Ohio. The mei it*: of William Pace are
not under consideration. [Laughter.] The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is indulging in a dis-
cussion on the merits of William Pace, who
served in one of the actions on Lake Erie; and he
will perceive that that is not in order.
Mr. WRIGHT, i am merely illustrating my
argument by relating an incident connected with
the subject before the House.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. WRIGHT. I am in order. I want to
state here that! went before the Military Com-
mittee of the House as an advocate for a pension
for this William Pace, who belonged to the ranks,
and was deprived of the pension to which he was
entitled, because——
[Renewed cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of or-
der. The remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
i sylvania are out of order.
1 Mr. WRIGHT. I am simply illustrating 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not in order in discussing
what took place on the application of this gentle-
man for a pension. The gentleman will please
confine himself to the hill under consideration.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman from Oregon,
in his remarks, alluded to the rank and file of the
Army, and the title of the men to as much favor
as the officers. If an officer dies, his widow, it
appears, is entitled to favor and consideration at
the hands of Congress, whether his case comes
within the provisions of the rules laid down by
the Military Committee of this House, or by the
laws of Congress or not. But when it is the case
of a man in the ranks, who dies in poverty, as
this unfortunate man, it is another thing. It
makes no difference whether he receives from his
. own countrya medal for his services, or 
[Cries of" Order !" "Order !"]
Mr. EDGERTON. i call for the enforcement
of the rules of the House. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has been decided by the Chair to be
out of order, and the rules provide that when a
member is called to order, he shall immediately
sit down. I insist upon the enforcement of the
rule.
Mr. WRIGHT. General Jacob Brown 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio has insisted upon the enforcement of
the rules of the House, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will take his seat.
Mr, WRIGHT. I wish to know if I cannot
to the subject?
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman can only
speak by the consent of the House.
Mr. FULLER. I move that the gentleman be
permitted to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
can proceed in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Brown was a native of
my own State. He was a Gtuaker gentleman,
and served his country gallantly.
Mr. RUSSELL. I rise to a question of order*
It >s this; the gentleman from Oregon [Mr.
Lank] is entitled to the floor, and he can only
yield -it for the purpose of a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Oregon is entitled to the floor, and if the
point of order is insisted upon r the Chair will rule
that the gentleman from Oregon can permit any
other gentleman to occupy the floor only for the
purpose of making a personal explanation.
Mr. EDGERTON. I insist upon the enforce-
ment of the rule.
Mr. LANE. 1 have yielded the $oor to the
gentleman over the way, and to several othersrand
there was not a word said about it. 1 appeal to
the House to let the gentleman proceed; and if
they will allow the gentleman to go on for five
minutes, I will then move the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has raised the question of order
that the gentleman from Oregon cannot yield the
floor, except for personal explanation, it is true
the gentleman from Oregon has yielded the floor to
other individuals,and if the question of order had
been raised in those instances, the Chair would
have felt bound to sustain the point of order.
Whenever it is insisted upon, the present occu-
pant of the chair will enforce the rules. The Chair
must rule the gentleman from Pennsylvaniaoutof
order.
Mr. LANE. I am sorry the gentleman frona
Pennsylvania has been ruled out of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am not disposed to quarrel
with the House in regard to the right of speaking,
yet, not having 
[Criesof "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. LANE. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question was ordered to he put, being first
on the amendment proposed by Mr. Hendricks
to Mr. Hijwhes's amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 demand the yeas aad nays
upon the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative— yeas 60, nays 105; as fol-
lows;
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, WiDis Allen, David
Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Bliss, Bocock, Caskie, Cham-
berlain, Chastain, Chrisman, ChurchweU, Cobb, Ciaige,
John G. Davis, Dc«t, Dowdell, Dunham, Eddy, Edmund-
son, English, Flagler, Fuller, Gtddmgs, Grow, Andrew J,
Harlan, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston. George W. Jones,
KeM, Kurtz, Letcher, Lmdsley, McMulhn, McNair, Me-
Queen, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Smith Miller, MiUson,
Morrison, Orr, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Ruffin,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, William Smith,George
W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Stratum, Andrew Stuart,.
Trout, Vansant, and Darnel B. Wright—GO.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, Appleton, Ashe,
Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caiuthers, Chandler? Clark,
Chngmdii, Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cummmg,
Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edger~
ton, Thomas i). Eliot, Ellison, Everhart, Farley, Fenton,
Florence, Franklin, Goodrich, Gieen, Greenwood, Aaron
Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe, Hughe«,Hunt,
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr,Kidwelly
Kittredgc, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lilly, Lindley, McCul-
loch, Mace, IVlaey, Malteson. Middleswai th, John G. Mir-
ier, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Mordeeai
Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Per-
kins, Pratt, Preston, Prmgle,Puryear, Ready, Reese, David
Ritchie, Bobbins, Rowe, Russell, Sabm, Sapp, Simmons,
Gerrit Smith, Sollers, Richard H. Stanton, Hesior L.
Stevens, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor,Thurston, Tweed. Wade, Walbndge,
Walley, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zollicofi'er—105.
So Mr. Hendricks's amendment was disagreed
to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Hughes's
amendment; and being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
