274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
for remuneration for expenses incurred in the
discharge of his duties; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of James Pool, praying the reimbursement of an
amount of money paid by him for supplies of the
Shawnee tribe of Indians; which was referred to
t^ie Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the petition of James Pool, praying in-
terest on his accounts from the time when certified
by the Second Auditor to be due to the time of
their payment; which wa§ referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
the citizens of Johnson county, Iowa, praying a
grant of land to said State to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Lyons, on the Mississippi
river, *by Iowa City, to Council Bluffs, on the
Missouri river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented additional documents in re-
lation to the claim of August Kleim to a pension;
which, with the petition on the files of the Senate,
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a supplemental
memorial of Amos and John E. Kendall, praying
the reference of the question of the legal or equita-
ble obligation of the United States to grant them
the relief prayed for, to the circuit court of the
District of Columbia, with a right of appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States; which, with
the papers on file on the suhject, was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of John
C. F. Salomon, praying an act of incorporation
for the purpose of supplying pure water to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr, GWIN presented documents in relation to
the establishment of a port of entry at San Pedro,
California; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I present two memorials,
signed by citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the provisions of the bounty land law
may be extended so as to give each soldier of the
war of 1812 one hundred and sixty acres of land,
which I move may be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. That subject has heretofore
always been referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and not to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. ,
Mr. BRODHEAD, I presented memorials of
this nature at the last session of Congress, and
they were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, but that committee took no action upon
them. I entertain the hope that, as they related
to the soldiers of the war of 1812, they would be
more likely to receive favorable consideration at
the hands of the committee of which my honor-
able friend from Illinois is chairman, than they re-
ceived at the last session from the Committee on
Public Lands. I hope, therefore, that my friend
will permit them to be referred to the Committee
o  Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 thank the honorable Sena-
tor for the compliment which he pays to the
Committee on£ Military Affairs, but I believe it
h&& been uniformly the practice to refer this sub-
ject to the Committee on Public Lands. I do not
see any necessity for departing from the usual
course, and therefore I move that these memorials
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT. The question will first be
upon the motion made by theSenator from Penn-
sylvania to refer the memorials to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them back, with sundry amendments:
pill granting to the State of Louisiana the right
of way, and a donation of public land, for the pur-
pose of locating and constructing a railroad from
Algiers, on the Mississippi river, to the Sabine
river in said State.
Bill granting to the State of Louisiana the right
of way, and a donation of public land, for the pur- 1
pose of locating and reconstructing a railroad from
Sherevport to the mouth of the Mississippi river.
Bill granting the right of way, and making a
grant of land, to the State of Arkansas, to aid in
the construction 0i a railroad from a point on the
Mississippi, in the region of Gaines's Landing, via
Camden, to the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in
Arkansas.
Bill granting further time for satisfying claims
for bounty lands for military services in the war of
1812, with Great Britain, and for other purposes.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to which was referred a bill to aid the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota in constructing a railroad for
military, postal, and other purposes, reported it
back, withouttimendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill granting to
the State of Louisiana the right of way, and a do-
nation of public land, for the purpose of locating
and constructing a railroad from New Orleans to
the Mississippi State line, in the direction of the
town of Jackson, in said State, reported it back,
with an amendment, in the form of a substitute, for
the bill.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened a bill granting the right of way, and a
donation of the public land, to the States of Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, and Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads therein, reported it
back, with an amendment, in the form of a substi-
tute, for the bill. *
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill giving further time for satisfy-
ing claims for bounty land for military services in
the war of 1812, reported it back, without amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Petersburg volunteers, praying the payment of a
balance due them for services in the war of 1812,
have instructed me to make an adverse report. As
the report gives the reasons for this action, I ask
that it may be printed, and I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Virginia Senators to it. I ask them to
read and examine it when printed. If its state-
ments are not correct I hope those Senators will
be kind enough to inform me of it.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Henry K. Brown, asking for fourteen pieces of
brass cannon, to enable him to cast an equestrian
statue of Washington, to be erected in the city of
New York, submitted an adverse report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dempsey Pittman,
prays compensation for military services during
the Indian war in Florida in the year 1838, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam P. S. Sanger, praying compensation for per-
forming the duties of engineer at the Gosport
navy-yard, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second leading.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill to provide
for the accommodation of the courts of the
United States in the district of Massachusetts,
reported it back, with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jehiel Brooks, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration, on
the ground that an adverse report had already
been made, in which the Senate had concurred.
The order was accordingly made.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Henry C. Miller, Phiiip W. Thompson, and
i Jesse B. Turley, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
I _ Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
, sions, to whom were referred documents in rela-
tion to the claim of B. M. Van Derveer to a pen-
sion for the services of his father, Albert Van
Derveer, in the revolutionary war, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth R. Drane,
widow of Anthony Drane, formerly an officer in
the Army, praying a pension, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to whom wns referred a bill to relinquish
the reversionary interest of the United States to a
certain reservation therein mentioned, and to con-
firm the title of Charles G. Gunter thereto, re-
ported it back without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition of Wil-
liam ilees, praying to be allowed to locate 10,000
acres of land in one tract, for a normal settlement,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
George Felker, praying that the children of Geoige
Felker, his father, may be paid the amount of
pension due him at the time of his death, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Pub-
lic lands, to whom was referred the bill granting
the right of way, and making a grant of land, to the
State of Michigan, to aid in the construction of the
Oakland and Ottawa railroad, from Pontiac to
Lake Michigan, and branches from Corunna and
Grand Rapids to the Straits of Mackinaw, and a
continuous branch from thence to Montreal river,
in said State, reported back the same with an
amendment, in the form of a substitute, for the
bill.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of David English, and others, of Georgetown,
District of Columbia, members of a joint-stock as-
sociation for the manufacture of gas, praying an
act of incorporation, reported a bill to incorporate
the Georgetown Gas Light Company; which was
read, and passed to a second reading:.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
PublicLands, to whom was referred a bill making
a grant of land to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State, reported it back, with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the city council of
the city of Dubuque, Iowa, praying the donation
of a lot of ground in that city to be set apart as a
cemetery, reported a bill td relinquish certain
lands to the city of Dubuqe, in the State of Iowa;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Lieutenant
A. J. Williamson, praying indemnity for his bag-
gage, &c., lost by the destruction of a transport
vessel, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill,
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Joseph Campan, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of William R. Nevins, asking an ex-
tension of his patent, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
j Mrs. Helen McKay, v/idowand administratrix
of Colonel ./Eneas McKay, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for her relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee or> the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to enable the
United States to take the lands and materials neces-
sary for the construction of the Washington aque-
duct, within the District of Columbia; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
STEAMER FANNY.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition and
papers in the case of J. Wilson Smith, praying
