1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. HUGHES. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the biii.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill passed, and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PECK. I move that the House dj^aow
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a.m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 21, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to proposals
submitted to him for the purchase of a site for
a post office in Philadelphia; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a copy of the statutes of Oregon, enacted
by the Legislative Assembly at the session com-
mencing 5th December, 1853; which was referred
to the Committee oil the Judiciary.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
memorial of the Society of the Cincinnati, of the
State of New Jersey, praying Congress to pass an
act for the relief of the officers and soldiers of the
revolutionary army, and their descendants; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial, in the form
of a resolution, m favor of releasing the bond
given for the appearance of Otho Hmton, charged
with robbing the mail, and who forfeited his re-
cognizance, now in suit in the circuit court of the
United States for the district of Ohio, and of dis-
missing the suit; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judicary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ravenna, Ohio,
praying that the soldiers of the last war with
Great Britain, and the widows of those deceased,
may be allowed the same pensions as have been
granted to the soldiers of the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented the following petitions,
praying the abolition of slavery m the District of
Columbia; which were oidered to lie on the table:
A petition of Josiah Bond and other citizens of
Pennsylvania;
A petition of D. W. Atkinson, and other citi-
zens of Warren county, Iowa;
A petition of Wesley Mart, and other citizens
of Ohio; and
A petition of Caleb Stett, and other citizens of
Portage county, Ohio.
Also, a petition of Josiah Bond, and other citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the abolition of
slavery throughout the United States, or that the
people of Pennsylvania may be relieved from the
responsibility of aiding in its support; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred a bill to establish a navy-yard and depot
near the city of New Orleans, reported it back
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of L. P. Frazee, praying
Congress to purchase his patent life-boat for the
use of the Navv, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the heirs of Wolcott Lawrence, late of Monroe,
Michigan, deceased, praying remuneration for
lands improperly sold to him by the General Gov-
ernment, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. JBRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Elliot Smith, William C. Green, and Nathan
Parnsworth, praying to be allowed salvage on the
ship Charles Wharton, employed as a Govern-
ment transport, and rescued by them when in
distress off Tampa Bay, and compensation for
i their time, and the cargoes of their vessels, which
! they were compelled to throw overboard to effect
i the rescue of said ship, submitted a report, accom-
1 panied by a bill for their relief; which was read,
j and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
j ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
} A message was received from the House of
■ Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
I announcing that the House had passed a bill
| making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30lh of June, 1855;
! which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
: MEETING OF CONGRESS.
| Mr. GEYER asked and obtained the unani-
i mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
fixing the time for the next meeting of Congress;
which was read a first and second time by its
title. ./
j HOMESTEAD BILL. ^
; The bill from the House of Representatives "to
j grant a homestead of a hundred and sixty acres
i of the public lands to actual settlers," was read a
third time, and the question was stated to be,
"Shall the bill pass, as amended?"
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the vote is taken I
wish to place myself right before my constituents,
so far as my own action is concerned in abandon-
ing what was the homestead bill, and voting for
the substitute of the Senator from Virginia, which
has now become the bill before us. I wish to
state that, in voting for it, I am consistent with the
couise which I myself recommended when at the
head of the General Land Office in 1845. I wish to
refer to the report which 1 then made in order to
place myself right at home, with my own friends
and constituents. At that time I had the honor
of making areportupon the subject of the public
lands, to which I will refer. I then said:
not feel myself at liberty to. vote, I do not think,
at this stage of the matter, that ,it would be proper
to go into a discussion of the reasons .which, would
have induced my opposition .to'the original bill.
It is defeated, and thatis.enough for me. 1 merely
arose, sir, for the purpose of sayiog that I was
opposed to it, in order that my <?ojnstituents may
know my position in relation to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There have been two favorite
measures with myself, with the delegation from
my State, and with the people of my State, for
many years; and, I believe, with the West 'gen-
erally. One was a graduation of the price of the
public lands; the other was a homestead to the
actual settler. The bill which was ordered to be
[ engrossed last evening accomplishes both objects
| in a manner entirely satisfactory to some, and I
I have no doubt to all the people. I do not con~
| eider, therefore, that in adopting the substitute of
1 the Senator from Virginia, we abandon anything
that is material. On the contrary, we have secured
j the object entirely satisfactory, so far as the home-
stead is concerned, and we have secured the grad-
uation principle besides. ,
The bill accomplished, instead of one good sub-
ject, several very good objects, and for that reason
I was entirely satisfied with the result of the
measure, and believe that our people will be sat
isfied with it. I do not think we have abandoned
the House bill by any means. The bill of Ge'n-
! eral Dawson, of the House, is the principle which,
l with a very slight modification, has been put in to
this bill. 1 think the members of the House will
congratulate themselves that the bill has been
modified instead of being destroyed, and that the
distinguished author of that bill, who has labored
so assiduously with it, will feel that while we
have done justice to his own measure we have
, only put in another one which the House of Rep-
1 resentatives have several times passed. They
have passed the homestead before; they have
passed a graduation bill before; and we have put
the two together.
Mr. STUART. I should not say a word on
this bill, if it were not for the intimation that the
homestead principle was abandoned in it. I sought
to say something on that subject the other day;,
but was very abruptly prevented from doing so.
This bill combines everything, in my judgment,
which is valuable to the United States on the one
side, and to the new States and the people gener-
ally on the other. It graduates the price of the
public lands upon the only principle which is
practicable. It confers the power to construct
railroads in all cases where the State in which the
road is projected thinks it proper that it should be
constructed. It also confers upon the States a
power to take any portion of the lands which are
ill the State, at a giaduated price, and to apply
those lands according to its own wisdom, 'it se-
cures, in each case, to the Government of the
United States the graduated price, by providing
■ that the patent can, in no case, issue until the
I graduated price is paid into the Treasury, and
secures to every actual settler a homestead upon a
i principle and upon a basis as practically useful as
, any that can be devised.
| It does it at a price within the reach of every
man of common capacity and common industry,
j and, sir, the homestead provision within itself
• carries with it that check upon the graduation
"I therefore recommend that all lands that have been
in the market not exceeding five yearn commute the first
class; more than five, and not exceeding leu yeai*, the
second class; more than ten, and not exceeding fifteen,
: the third class; more than fifteen, and not exceeding
I twemy, the fourth class, mote than twenty, and not cx-
I ceeding twenty-five, the fifth class; arid that all the resi-
| due in market over twenty-five years, and remaining
I unsold, vest absolutely 111 the particular States in which
they are situated."
Thus it will be seen that I then recommended
precisely what is now contained in this bill as it
stands, that the public lands should be divided
into five classes, the price of which should be
graduated accoidwg to the time they have been
: exposed to sale. I also used this language in the
, same report:
27 is tile averaie maximum price of the best
quality of lands, it must be admitted that $1 25 per acre |. L7" •  Mt'vj.;uv.6,7ua"uu
will be a sufficient minimum price for lauds of the first \ - which has given more difficulty, I appre-
ciass; one dollar for the second ; sevpnty-five cents for the i' hend, to those who have considered the subject
third ; fifty cents for the tourth; and twenty-five cents for \\ than any other, to wit, it prevents private specu-
iaiid of the fifth class. (' lators from grasping the graduated land in*the
J state this because, as I had to abandon what " ~ •
was considered a favorite measure with us in
the West, and as none of us abandoned it until
we considered it lost, I had the good fortune then,
to fall back upon the recommendations which I
had the honor to make when I was charged with
this subject as the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. COOPER. I shall not detain the Senate
by making any extended remarks upon this bill;
but as 1 was absent during the period of its dis-
cussion, T merely rise to state what would have
been my course in relation to it, if I had been
present. I was opposed to the homestead bill as
it originally came to the Senate, and should have
voted against itm its original form. I am opposed
to it in its present form, and would vote against
it if I voted at all, but having paired off with the
Senator from ISTew York, [Mr. Seward,] I do I
! State, because if private speculators shall assume
to purchase all the lands that lie in the State at
twenty-five cents an acre for instance, they do not
retard the homestead man, for he can take any
i class, even the dollar class at twenty-five cents,
j Hence, if speculation seek to aggrandize itself in
; this instance, the actual settler ceases to become
; the purchaser from them, and takes from the Gov-
ernment under this bill at twenty.five cents an
1 acre.
! Another check is placed upon that by giving the
! preemptory right to the States. The State has
i the first right under the bill to take a graduated
j class of lands and thus prevent them from being
I seized upon by speculators, and the price elevated
; according to speculative cupidity, so that the
j State never can be the loser if it takes Jand at a
I graduated price and sells it, or lets the actual $et-
1 tier take it at the graduated price, for the State is
