1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
compensation for the illegal detention of the
steamer Fanny, by the district attorney and cus-
tom-house officers at Savannah, reported a joint
resolution for the relief of the owners of the '
steamer Fanny; which was read a first and second
time, and
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider it.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of State
and Attorney General to examine the papers in
the ease, and to ascertain whether the legal rights
of the petitioner were violated, whereby he re-
ceived damages, and to allow him such indem-
nity by way of demurrage as shall appear to be
just.
No amendment being: made, the joint resolution
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
a third time, and passed.
QUINCY, ILLINOIS.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House to constitute Cluincy, in the State of Illi-
nois, a port of delivery, reported itWck without j
amendment; and W J
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro- !
ceeded to consider the bill as m Committee of the i
Whole. !
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, was read j
a third time, and passed. j
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the construction of a suitable building
for the accommodation of the district court of the
United States at Key West, in the State of Flor-
ida; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
giving further time for satisfying claims for bounty
iands, and for other purposes, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
snittee on Public Lands.
EXTENSION OF FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The bill from the House of Representatives
granting the franking privilege to the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, and the assistant in
charge of the office of the said Coast Survey, was
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to consider
that bill at this time. I think it will consum e no
more time than will be occupied by the reading of
the bill, which is a very brief one. It proposes
simply to give the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey the privilege of receiving and transmitting
free of postage, letters and documents on the offi-
cial business of his office. It will remove it from
the Treasury Department, where this franking is
now done, and this will be a great relief to that
Department.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
thiid reading, was read a third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, adopted by the House of Representatives on
the 18th instant:
Rcsolred, That a select committee, composed of nine
member* on the part of the House of Representatives, be
appointed bv the Speaker to join Mich committee ;i« may
lie appointed by the Senate, to whom shall be referred the
resolution of the I-Iou^e propo-m? an amendment of the i
Constitution in the mode of ejecting the Purulent and Vice
President ot the United States, with lnMrnetmns to take ,
that matter and the nibjrct generally into consideration, and j
to report upon the same ill such mannet as lo them ma> ;
seem most expedient. 1
The Senate concurred in the resolution; and j
On motion by Mr. GWfN, it was ordered that :
the committee on the part of the Senate consist of |
five members, and be appointed by the President i
2)ro tempore; who appointed Messrs. Bayakd, j
Pearce, Totjcey, Foot, and Gwi.v.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Oidered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
of ship-owners and oihers of St. George, Maine, relating
to a light m Tenant's Harbor, for the puipose of presenta-
tion in the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER^it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Abraham Hunt
be withdrawn fiom the file-* of the Senate, and refeired to
the Committee on Revolutionary Chums.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Andrew Johonnet, admin-
istrator of William Johonnet, be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John C. McFerran be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and refened to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John P. McElderry be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and leiorred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Oidcrcd, That the petition of Janice H. Stimpcon, son
and executor of James Stimpcon, be withdrawn from the
hies ot the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Patent's
and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the memorials and resolutions of State
Legislatures, the memorials of incorporated companies,
proceedings and memorials of citizens and other papers re-
lating to the Louisville and Portland Canal, and to the con-
struction of a canal on the Indiana i*ide of the falls of the
Ohio, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and refei-
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Edward P. Torrey, legal
repiesentative ot Joseph Torrey, he withdrawn from the
file* of the Senate, and r«feired to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal representatives of
Henry Conner he withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and reterred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SAN PEDRO, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following- resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Ra-olved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making San Pedro, in
the State of California, a port of entry.
DUBUQUE, IOWA. j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
port of delivery at Dubuque, Iowa.
REV. MR. KING.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to
the Senate, if not incompatible with the public inteiest,
copies of the communications fiom Mr. Mar h. the Amer-
ican Minister at Constantinople, m lelation to the case of
the Rev. Mr. King.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PRATT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to incorporate the National
Hotel Company, of Washington city
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to or-
ganize the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, when I pro-
posed on Tuesday last, that the Seriate should
proceed to the consideration of the bill to organize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, it was
my purpose only to occupy ten or fifteen minutes
in explanation of its ptovisions. I desired to
refer to two points: first, as to those provisions
relating to the Indians; and second, to those which
might be supposed to bear upon the question of
slavery.
The committee, in drafting this bill, had in view
the great anxiety which had been expiessed by
some members of the Senate to protect the rights of
the Indians, and prevent infringements upon them.
By the provisions of the bill, 1 think we have
so clearly succeeded in that respect as to obviate
all possible objection upon that score. The bill
itself provides that it shall not operate upon any
of the rights of the lands of the Indians; nor shall
they be included within the limits of those Tern-
tones, until they shall, by treaty with the United
States, expressly consent to come undertheopera-
'IHUIM LU
he Njrtit
%
tions of the act, and be incorporated within the
limits of theTerritories. This provision certainly^
is broad enough, clear enough, explicit enough, to
protect all the rights of the Indians as to their
persons and their property.
Upon the other point—that pertaining to the
question of slavery in tl\£ Territories—it was the
intention of the committee to he equally explicit.
We took the principles established by the com-
promise act of 1850 as our guide, and intended
to make each and every provision of the bill accord
with those principles. Those measures estab-
lished and rest upon the great principle of self-
government—that the people should be allowed to
decide the questions of their domestic institutions
for themselves, subject only to such limitations
and restrictions as are imposed by the Constitution.:
of the United States,"instead of having them de-
termined by an arbitrary or geographical line.
The original bill reported by the committee, as a
substitute for the bill introduced by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] was believed to have
accomplished this object. The amendment which
was subsequently reported by us was only de-
signed to render that clear and specific which,
seamed, in the minds of some, to admit of^oubt
and misconstruction. In some parts of the coun-
try the original substitute was deemed and con-
strued to be an annulment or a repeal of what has
been known as the Missouri compromise, while
in other parts it was otherwise construed. As
the object of the committee was to conform to the
principles established by the compromise, meas-
ures of 1850, and to carry those principles into
effect in the Territories, wc thought it was better
to recite in the bill precisely what we understood
to have been accomplished by those measures,
viz: That the Missouri compromise, having been
superseded by the legislation of 1850, has become
inoperative, and hence we propose to leave the
question to the people of the States and the Terri-
tories, subject only to the limitations and pro-
visions of the Constitution
Sir, this is all that I intended to say, if the ques-
tion had been taken up for consideration on Tues-
day last; but since that time occurrences have
transpired which compel me to go more fully into
the discussion. It will be borne in mind that the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] then objected
to the consideration of the bijl, and asked for its
postponement until this day, on the ground that
there had not been time to understand and consider
its provisions; and the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] suggested that the postpone-
ment should be for one week, for that purpose.
These suggestions seeming to be reasonable to
Senators around me, I yielded to their request, and
consented to the postponement of the bill until
this day.
Sir, little did I suppose at the time that I grant-
ed that act of courtesy to those two Senators, that
they had drafted and published to the world a doc-
ument, over their own signatures, in which they
arraigned me as having been guilty of a criminal
betrayal of my trust, as having been guilty of an
act of had faith, and been engaged in an atrocious
plot against the cause of free government. Little
did I suppose that those two Senators had been
guiity of such conduct when they called upon me
to grant that courtesy, to give them an opportunity
of investigating the'substitute reported from the
committee. I have since discovered that on that
very moaning the National Era, the Abolition or-
gan in this city, contained an address, signed by
: certain Abolition confederates, to the people, in
which the bill is grossly misrepresented, in which
; the action of the members of the committee is
; grossly falsified, in which our motives are ar-
i raigned,and our characters calumniated. And,
i sir, what is more, I find that there was a post-
! script added to the address, published that very
; morning, in which the principal amendmentreport-
ed by the-committee was set out, and then coarse
< epithets applied to me by name. Sir, had I known
! those facts at the time I granted that act of indul-
gence, I should hove responded to the request of
i those Senators in such terms as their conduct de-
I served so far as the rules of the Senate, and a
! respect for my own character, would have permit-
I ted me to do. In order to show the character of
' this document—of which 1 shall have much to say
! j„ the course of my argument—I will read certain
passages:
" We arraign this bill as
gross violation of a sacred
