1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
praying for arrears of pension due her, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Hiram Upson and
others, of Warwick, New York, praying that
pensions may be granted to the children of officers
and soldiers who were killed or died in service
during the revolutionary war, and whose moth-
ers would have been entitled to pensions if they had
survived, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Edward
Bartlett and others, praying to be placed on the
same footing as pensioners of the Revolution,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, on the ground thatthe'committeehad already
made a report upon a similar petition.
It was so ordered.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Nathan
Daggett, deceased, praying compensation for his
services during the revolutionary war, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jane Becannon, widow
of Philip Becannon, praying a pension on account
of his services during the revolutionary war,
submitted arf adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of William L. Meredith, the son and only heir
of Major William Meredith, late of Edmonson
county, Kentucky, praying compensation for ser-
vices and losses in the revolutionary war, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to. He also submitted a report
on the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a joint resolution relative to the adminis-
tration of pension laws; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Sarah Larrabee and
Nancy Bowen, praying to be allowed pensions,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Revo- i
lutionary Claims, to whom was recommitted the j
bill for the relief of Robert C. Thompson, only
surviving child and le^al representative of William |
Thompson, deceased, formerly a brigadier gen- 1
eral in the Army of the Revolutionary war, 1
reported it back without amendment. ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom I
was referred the memorial of the representative
of Henry King, praying payment for arrears due j
him for services in the war of the Revolution, |
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his ,
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed. ;
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. ;
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY, it was ■
Ordered, That the petition of George Dennet be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MAISON ROUGE GRANT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain purchasers and settlers on the
Maison Rouge Grant, in the event of the final ad-
judication of the title in favor of the United States,,f
approved January 27,1851. There have been con-
tested claims in reference to this land, and itis very
necessary that the bill should be passed speedily.
I therefore ask the unanimous consent of the Sen- 1
ate to put it on its passage now. |
The bill was read a first and second time, by <
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com- ,
mittee of the Whole.
Itproposes to amend the actof January 27,1851, 1
so that ihe preemption privilege granted by the :
second and third sections of that act shall extend ;
to the smallest legal subdivisions on which any ,
portion of the improvements or possession of the '
settlers contemplated by those sections, extends;
with a proviso, that, when the improvement or
possession of two or more settlers extends over
the same forty-acre subdivision or subdivisions, it
or they shall be patented to all the settlers whose
improvements extend thereon, and whoavail them-
selves of the benefit of this act and of the act of
which it is amendatory—the right of each to be in
proportion to the extent of his improvements
thereon.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have received a letter from
the Commissioner of Public Lands, on this sub-
ject, which explains the bill. I ask that it be read.
The communication was read, as follows:
Gfxera-l "Land Office, March 17, 1854.
Sir : In accordance with your request I have prepared,
and L have the honor to inclose, a draft ot a bill to amend
the act of 27th January, 1851, u to grant the nglu of preemp-
tion to certain purchaser and settlers on the Alaison Rouge
Grant," &e. The bill does not propose to interfere with
the lights ot those who purchased Irom Darnel Cox, and
whosso rights? ate protected by the first section of the act of
1851, but simply to extend the provisions of the other sec-
tions, so that the actual settlers may get all the lands im-
proved by them. As beitlerb, they have higher rights than
any one eUe; and the Government will get the minimum
puce lor the land. Every principle ot justice and'expe-
diency would seem to require the enactment of such a
piovi&ion.
L have the honor to be, veiy respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOI1N WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Robfrt W. Johnson,Senate Chamber.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill " to
grant other lands in lieu of certain sixteenth sec-
tions in the State of Mississippi, heretofore dis-
posed of by the United States for other than
school purposes," have instructed me to report it
back with amendments, and to recommend the
passage of the bill as thus amended. I ask the
Senate to allow it to be put on its passage at this
time.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senate will agree to
consider the bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill.
It proposes to enact that, in all cases where it
shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Interior, that the sixteenth section
of land in any township of the State of Missis-
sippi has been given to an Indian as a reservation,
or has been otherwise disposed of by the United
States, so that it cannot now be used for school
purposes, the Secretary shall permit such person
as may be appointed by the Governor of Missis-
sippi for that purpose, to locate another section in
legal subdivisions on any of the vacant lands of
the United Ststes in any land district where that
sixteenth section lies.
Theainendmentsof thecommittee were to strike
out the words " the State of Mississippi," where
they firstoccurred, and insert "anyStatein which
there are public lands;" and to strike out " Gov-
ernor of Mississippi," and insert " Governor of
such State."
Mr. BROWN. Theseamendmentsaresimply
meant to make the bill general, instead of confining
its provisions to a single State. I have no objec-
tion to them myself.
The amendments were agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and the amendments were
concurred in. The bdl was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read a third time, and
passed. Its title was amended so as to read: "A
bill to grantother lands in lieu of certain sixteenth
sections heietofore disposed of by the United
States for other than school purposes."
PENSACOLA MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and aereed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for lilt? eiecnon of a marine hospital at Pensacola,
in Florida.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. McKeak, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the bill
making a grant of land to the several States of the
Union for the benefit of indigent insane persons.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore then signed the
bill.
JUDICIAL EXPENSES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting, and recommending
to the favorable consideration of the Senate, a
report of the Attorney General, suggesting modi-
fications in the manner of conducting the legal
business of the Government.
Mr. MASON. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FITZATRICK. I would suggest to the
Senator from Virginia that this communication
is in response to a request from the Committee on
Retrenchment and Reform. I think, therefore,
that its proper reference should be to that com-
mittee.
Mr. MASON. Then I withdraw my motion^
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. I move to refer the
Communication to the Committee on Retrench-
ment and Reform, and that it be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On mofion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 25, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milborn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is on the adoption of the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] provid-
ing for closing the debate on the deficiency bill in
two hours after the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union shall have resumed its con-
sideration; and on that motion the previous ques-
tion has been demanded.
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill; which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker:
<%Vn act making grants of public lands to the
several States of the Union for the benefit of in-
sane persons.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded upon the resolution offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] to close debate upon the deficiency bill
in two hours after it shall be again resumed by
nhe committee.
Mr. EWING. Before that vote is taken, I
should be happy to have the consent of the
House to introduce a resolution of inquiry, as I
shall not be here on Monday, when such matters
are more properly in order.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interests, to inform tins House what
steps, if any, have been taken by this Government to secure,
the permanent acknowledgment, by treaty of Ihe rights of
neutrals by the Governments of Great Britain and France,
and what "degree of success has attended those efforts, if any
have been made.
Resolved, further, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interests, to inlorm this House
whether, in any particular, the Government of Great Britain
has assumed to act for Spain in the negotiationsconsequent
upon the seizure of the Black Warrior—what degree of re-
sponsibility that Government has assumed in the matter,
and if so assuming to act for Spain, upon what pretext, if
any is alleged.
Mr. EWING. I have but a word to sayin re-
gard to the object I have in view in presenting the
j resolution. As the question is upon its adoption,
j an explanation of the object may influence some
| members in the vote they may give upon it.
| I drew up the resolution and have submitted it
to the judgment of some of the members of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as toother
gentlemen outside of that committee, all of whom
regard it as a matter of practical importance. I
am as much averse to wasting the time of the
House in the passage of mere declarations of sen-
timents as any member can be. I have always
been opposed to that course. But I am fully con-
vinced the time has come for practical action upon
this subject.
It has been said-that our able representative at
the court of Great Britain is endeavoring to per-
