„ . _a _ criminal betrayal of precious rights; as part
|nd parcel! of an ,hf OM Wo™ d, and tree
A Senator. By whom is the address signed.
Mr DOUGLAS. It is signed « S. P. Chase,
Senator from Ohio; Charles Sumner, Senator
from Massachusetts; J. 11. Giddings and Edward
Wade, Representatives from Ohio; Gerrit Smith,
"Representative from New York; Alexander De
Witt, Representative from Massachusetts, in-
cluding, as 1 understand, all the Representatives
of the^Abolition party in Congress. _
Then speaking of the Committee on Territories,
these confederates use this language:
" The Jjretoira, therefore, that the territory covered by
the positive prohibition of 1840, tuataiii' n simllur re .Hon
to slaveiy with that acquired from Ml'xlco;cov""'i'Z 1'i
prohibition except that of disputed const.imonal«  ,exl_
can law,and tliat the compromises .it I8.>(> r< quire tne in
corporation of the pro slavery clauses ot the Utah ami New
Mexico bill 111 the Nebraska act, are mere umentwrri. de-
signed to cover up from public reirreheiuion meditated lad
faith." •
(< Mere inventions to cover up bad faith. Again:
" Servile demagogues may tell you tliat the Union can be
maintained only by submitting to the demands ot slaveiy.
Then there is a postscript added, equally offen-
sive to myself, in which 1 am mentioned by name.
The address goes on to make an appeal to the
Legislatures of the different States, to public meet-
ings, and to ministers of the Gospel in their pul-
pits, to. interpose and arrest the vile conduct which
is about to be consummated by the Senators who
are thus denounced. That address, sir, bears
date Sunday, January 22, 1854. Thus it appears
that, on the holy Sabbath, while other Senators
were engaged in attending divine worship, these
Abolition confederates were assembled in secret
conclave, plotting by what means they should
•deceive the people of the United States, and pros-
trate the character of brother Senators. Tins was
done on the Sabbath day, and by a set of politi-
cians, to advance their own political and ambitious
purposes, in the name of our holy religion.
But this is not all. It was understood from the
newspapers that resolutions were pending before
the Legislature of Ohio, proposing to express then-
opinions upon this subject. U was necessary for
these confederates to get up some exposition of
the question, by which they might facilitate the
passage of the resolutions through that Legislature.
' Hence, you find that on the same morning that
this document appears over the names of these
confederates in the Abolition organ of this city,
the same document appears in the New York
papers—certainly in the Tribune, Times, and
Evening Post—in which it is stated, by authority,
that it is " signed by the Senators and a majority
of the Representatives from the State of Ohio;" a
statement which 1 have every reason to believe
Wits utterly false, and known to be so at the time
that these confederates appended it to the address.
It was necessary, in order to carry out this work j
of deception, and to hasten the action of the Ohio ,
Legislature, under a misapprehension, to state
that it was signed, not only by the Abolition con- I
federates,but by the whole Whig representation, !
and a portion of the Democratic representation in
the "other House from the State of Ohio.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not yield
the lloor. A Senator'who has violated all the rules
of courtesy and propriety—who showed 11 con-
•sciousness of the character of the act he was doing
by concealing from me all knowledge of the fact—
who came to. me with a smiling face, and the ap-
Kearance of friendship, even after that document
ad been uttered—who could get up in the Senate
and appeal to my courtesy in order to get time to
give the document a wider circulation before its
infamy-could be exposed; such a Senator has no
right to-my courtesy upon this floor.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, the Senator mis-
states the facts 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 decline to
yield the floor.
Mr. CHASE. And I shall make my denial
pertinent when the time comes.
* The PRESIDENT. Order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Sir, if the Senator does in-
terpose, in violation of the rules of the Senate, to a
denial of the fact, it may be that I shall be able
to nail that denial, as I shall the statements here
which arecNver-his-own signature, as a base false-
the congressional globe.
Jan. 30,
hood, and prove it by the solemn legislation of this
country.* ,, , ^ * ,
Mr CHASE. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois
is certainly out of order. , ,
Mr DOUGLAS. Then I will only say that I
shall confine mysllf to this document, and prove
its statements to be false by the legislation ot the
country. Certainly that is in order.
Mr. CHASE. You cannot do it.
Mr DOUGLAS. The argument of this man-
ifesto is predicated upon the assumption that the
policy of the fathers of the Republic was to pro-
hibit slavery in all the territory ceded by the old
States to the Union and made United States terri-
tory, for the purpose of being organized into new-
States. 1 take issue upon that statement, buch
was not the practice in the early history of the
Government. It is true that in the territory north-
west of the Ohio liver slavery was prohibited by
the ordinance of 1787; but it is also true that in
the territory south of the Olno river, to wit, the
Territory of Tennessee, slavery was permitted and
protected; and it. is also true, that m the organi-
zation of the Territory of Mississippi, m 1 <98, the
provisions of the ordinance of 1787 were applied
to it, with theexception of the sixth article, which
prohibited slavery. Then, sir, you find upon the
statute-books under Washington and the early
Presidents, provisions of law showing that m the
southwestern territories the right to hold slaves
i was clearly implied or recognized, while m the
northwest territories it was prohibited. 1 he only
1 conclusion that can be fairly and honestly drawn
from that legislation is, that it was the policy ot
the fathers of the Republic to prescribe a line ot
demarcation between free territories and slave-
holdin"- territories by a natural or a geographical
line, being sure to make that line correspond, as
near as might be, to the laws of climate, of pro-
duction, and probably of all those other causes
that would control the institution and make it
either desirable or undesirable to the people in-
habiting the respective territories.
Sir t wish you to hear in mind, too, that this
o-eogr'apnical line established by the founders of
The Republic, between free Territories and slave
Territories, extended as far westward as our ter-
ritory then reached, the object being to avoid all
agitation upon the slavery question by settling that
question forever, so far as our territory extended,
which was then to the Mississippi river.
When, in 1803, we acquired from France the
Territory known as Louisiana, it became neces-
sary to legislate for the protection of the inhabi-
tants residing therein. It will be seen by looking
into the bill establishing the territorial govern-
ment in 1805 for the Territory of New Orleans,
embiactng the same country now known as the
State of Louisiana, that the ordinance of 1787 was
expressly extended to that Territory, excepting
the sixth section, which prohibited slavery. Then
' that act implied that the Territory of New Or-
leans was to be a slave-holding Territory by
making that exception in the law. But, sir,
when they came to form what was then called the
Territory of Louisiana, subsequently known as
the TerjAory of Missouri, north of the thirty-
third pa*llel,they used different language. They
did not extend the ordinance of 1787 to it at all.
They first provided that it should be governed by
laws made by the governor and the judges; and
when, ill 1812,Congi ess gave to that Territory, un-
der the name of the Territory of Missouri, a terri-
torial government, the people were allowed to do
I as they pleased upon the subject of slavery, sub-
; ject only to the limitations Sf the Constitution of
'the United States. Now, what is the inference
from that legislation? That slavery was, by im-
plication, recognized south of the thirty-third par-
allel, and north of that the people were left to
exercise their own judgment and do as they
pleased upon the subject, without any implication
for or against the existence of the institution.
This continued to be the condition of the country
in the Missouri Territoryup to 1820, when the
celebrated act which is now called the Missouri
' compromise act was passed. Slavery did not
i exist in, nor was it excluded from, the country
I now known as Nebraska. There was no code of
i laws upon the subject of slavery either way: First,
; for the reason that slavery had never been intro-
| duced into Louisiana, and established by positive
I enactment. It had grown up there by a sort of
common law, and been supported and protected.
When a common law grows up, when an institu-
tion becomes established under a usage, it carries
it so far as that usage actually goes,and no further.
If it had been established by direct enactment, it
might have carried it so far as the .political juris-
diction extended; but, be that as it may, by the
act of 1812, creating the Territory of Missouii,
that Territory was allowed to legislate upon the
subject of slavery as it saw proper, subject on y
to the limitations Which I have stated; anu the
country not inhabited or thrown open to settle-
ment was set apart as Indian country, and ren-
dered subject to Indian laws. Hence the local
legislation of the State of Missouri did not reach
into that Indian country, but was excluded from
it by the Indian code and Indian laws. The munic-
ipal regulations of Missouri could not go there
until the Indian title had been extinguished, and
the country thrown open to settlement. Such
bein" the case, the only legislation in existence m
Nebraska Territory at the time that the Missouri
act passed, namely, the 6th of March, 1820, was
a provision iff effect, that the people should be
allowed to d/as they pleased upon the subject ot
^TheTemtory of Missouri having been left in
that lesal condition,positive opposition was made
to the "bill to organize a State government, with
a view to its admission into, the Union; and a
Senator from my State, Mr. Jesse B. Thomas,
introduced an amendment, known as the eighth
section of the bill, in which'it was provided that
slavery should be prohibited north of 36° 30
1 north latitude, in all that country which we had
I acquired from France. What was the object ot
the enactment of that eighth section ? Was it not
to go back to the original policy of prescribing
boundaries to the limitation of free institutions,
and of slave institutions, by a geographical line,
in order to avoid all controversy m Congress
upon the subject? Hence they extended that ge-
ographical line through all the territory purchased
from France, which was as far as our possessions
then reached. It was not simply to settle the
question on that piece of country, but it was to
carry out a great principle, by extending that di-
viding line as far west as our territory went, and
running it onward on each new acquisition of
territory. True, the express enactment of the
eighth section of the Missouri act, now called the
Missouri compromise act, only covered the terri-
tory acquired from France*, but the principles of
the act, the objects of its adoption, the reasons in
its support, required that it should be extended in-
definitely westward, so far as our territory might
go, whenever new purchases should be made.
Thus stood the question up to 1845, when the
joint resolution for the annexation of Texas passed.
'There was inserted in that a provision, suggested
in the first instance and brought before the House
of Representatives by myself, extending the
Missouri compromise line indefinitely westward
through the territory of Texas. Why did I bring
forward that proposition ? Why did the Congress
of the United States adopt it? Not because it
was of the least practical'importance, so far as the
question of slavery within the limits of Texas
was concerned, for no man ever dreamed that it
had any practical effect there. Then why was
it brought forward? It was for the purpose of
preserving the principle, in order that it might
be extended still further westward, even to the
Pacific ocean, whenever we.*should acquire the
country that far. I will here read that clause in
the joint resolution for the annexation of Texas.
It is the third article, second section, and is in
these words:
•• New States, of convenient size, not exceeding four in
number, in addition to said State of TVxa?,lmvm«* sufficient
population, may hereafter, by the concert of sn d State, be
formed out of the territory thereof, which shall he entitled
to admission under the provisions of the Federal Constitu-
tion. And such States as may he formed out of ilia? portion
of said territory lying *o«th of 36° 30' north latitude, com-
monly known as the Missouri compromise line, shall be
admitted into the Union, wirh or without slavery, as the
people of each State asking admission may dc-oro. And m
such State or States as shall be formed out of sud teiritory
noith of said Missouu compromise line, «)avcrv or involun-
tary servitude (except fur crime) shall be pioinbited."
It will be seen that that contains a very remark-
able provision, which is, that when States lying
north of 36° 30' appljj for admission, slavery shall
be prohibited in their constitutions. I presume
no one pretends that Congress could have power
