986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
feet a treaty to effect the purpose referred to in the
resolution. I know not that it is so; but it has
been intimated that there is danger that, amid the
jealousies of the leaders of that great party whose
peculiar mission it is to furnish Presidents to this
country and to divide the spoils, that this nego-
tiation may come to naught. At all events, I
believe that secret diplomacy is of no advantage to
this Government. We gain nothing by it. Our
only stiength arises from the knowledge that the
uncontrollable Democracy of this country plant
themselves upon their lights, and are determined to
assert them, and will not yield a particle of them,
and that is our greatest, perhapsour only advant-
age in negotiations with foreign Governments.
Secrecy gives us no strength, because we cannot
secure that profound secrecy which surrounds th$
diplomacy of foreign Governments.
1 think, therefore, that this Department of the
Government, and the people of the country, ought
to participate m the councils, and in the knowledge
of all such matters as this. In reference to the
last of the two resolutions, I will also say a word.
I perceivem the reports of thedebates of the British
Parliament, that a member asked Lord John Rus-
sell what coursethe British Government had taken
in relation to the Black Warrior affair. He in-
formed the House that mstrucuonshad been trans-
mitted to Mr. Crampton, the British Minister to
this country, but that no answer had been re-
ceived. 1 lead that with amazement. It is im-
portant 'hat we should know what action, if any,
that Government has taken in relation to that
affair in connection with Spain.
i\Ir. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order, ft is, that this resolution gives rise to
debate, and must go over, under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution will not go over, for the reason that the
House allowed its introduction by unanimous
consent. It is properly before the House to the
exclusion of all other business. It would go over
under other circumstances, but not now.
Mr. EVVING. I only wish lo add, sir, that it
would seem the purpose of the British Govern-
ment, or of the present Ministry of that Govern-
ment, to interfere—as they have expressed their
determination, in conjunction with Prance, to do—
in the regulation ol affairs upon this continent,
and all over the universe. These are my leasons
for calling the attention of the House to this sub-
jeer at tins tune. I hope the I louse will, at least,
see that I have a practual object in view, and
now, in accoidancc with the request of gentlemen
around me, I move the previous question.
Mr INGERSOLL. I wish io inquire whether
it is m otdcr at this time to move to refer this
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
The gentleman fiom Kentucky 
Mr. EWING. I rise to a question of order.
I demanded the previous question
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard no call
from the gentleman.
Mr. EW1NG. I ceitainly closed my remarks
with a d( nmmi for the previous question, as gen-
tlemen all round me can testify.
The SPEAKER. The Chair repeats that he
did not hear the gentleman. It is in order to move
to refer the resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. JNGERSOLL. Well, sir, I wish to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky what members of
the Committee on Foieign Affairs have been con-
sulted in lefeienceto this resolution ?
Mr. EWiNG. I do not feel called upon to
answer the question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I then move to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
and upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. KE1TT. I ask that the resolution may
again be read.
The SPEAKER. It will again be read, unless
objected to.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the resolution
be read.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The Clerk then read the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. ^ If the motion
to refer this resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs be voted down, the question will then recur
upon its passage; wili it not?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope then the motion to
refer will be voted down.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the resolution will
be referred.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
referted to the Committee on Foieign Affairs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was referred, and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
agreed to.
ESTIMATES FROM INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ORR. I would ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have piinted, for the use of
members, certain estimates which I have received
from the Department of the Interior in reference
to Indian matters.
Theie was no objection, and it was so ordered.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill from the Committee
on the Public Lands, in order that it may be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed, inasmuch
as it is connected with territoiml business, which
is set down for hearing for Monday next.
There was no objection.
Mr. L. then, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bid; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and oidered to be printed:
A bill to extend the rights of preemption over
unsurveyed land m Minnesota, and for otherpur-
poses.
DEFICIENCY BILL—CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. PHELPS. Yesterday evening I intro-
duced a lesolution proposing to close debate on
the deficiency bill, and called for the previous
question. 1 now withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, in order to modify the resolution
so as to propose that the general debate on the bill
leferred to, be closed to morrow, at one o'clock.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "Yes!"j
Mr. PHELPS. The necessity for the passage
of the deficiency bill, so that the money may be
at the disposal of the Government, is -very great.
If we pursue the coursc I have suggested, we shall
soon reach another bill on which the general de-
bate may proceed.
The question was put on seconding the call
for the pievious question, and there were, on a
division—yens 51 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers.
Mr. PECKfiAM. 1 move to amend the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Missouri, so that it
shall propose to close general debate a week from
to-day.
Mr. JONES. Next week is devoted, by special
order of the House, to the consideration of tern-
tonal business.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman's amendment
is not m order, the previous question having been
called on the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York, and Ciiuuchwell, were appointed.
The question was put on seconding the call for
the previous question, and the tellers reported—
ayes 58 
The SPEAKER. Not a sufficient number.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether a quorum be present, because the question
is substantially raised by the gentleman fiom Ala-
bama.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
number of members present, and announced that
there weie one handled and sixty-two in then
places, being more than a quorum.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DEAN. I move to amend the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri by inserting
" Thursday next, at one o'clock,"in lieu of " to-
morrow, at one o'clock;" and on that I demand
the previous question.
Mr. PECKHAM. Am I in time to move to
amend the resolution by inserting "Tuesday next,
at one o'clock:"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would have
been in time, but for the fact that his colleague,
occupying the floor, has demanded the previous
question.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the demand for the previous question that 1
may offer an amendment.
Mr. DEAN. 1 will withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PECKHAM. I then move to amend the
resolution so as to close the debate on Tuesday
next, at two o'clock.
Mr. MACE. 1 have a prior motion to make.
The SPEAKER. What is it?
Mr. MACE, i move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana is a highly pimleged mo-
tion, but so is the proposition of the gentleman
from Missouri, and it has been usual under the
practice of the House to give pi ecedence to a mo-
tion to close debate on a particular question over
a motion to go into committee to consider that
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inqmre
of the Chair if the order for terntonal business
does not commence on Monday next, and con-
tinue dunng the whole week?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. JONES. Then it is no use to allow the
debate on this bill to continue till Tuesday.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not think it will do
us any harm.
Mr. JONES. It will stave the bill off for two
weeks longer. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Peckiiam j
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and, on a division,
there weie—aves 73, noes 53.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail, and
T\yi.or of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment as amended, it was taken, and cariied m the
afli rmative.
The quef-tion then lecurring upon the resolution,
as amended,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was deuded in the negative.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the lesolution, as amended; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
Mr. DEAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. MACE. I now lenew my motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on the Senate amendments to the
deficiency bill. On that question the member from
Mississippi [Mr. Harris] has still the floor.
iVTr. Harris not availing himself of his right,
Mr. BENTON addressed the House in oppo-
sition to the Nebraska and Kansas bills, and in
favor of maintaining the Missouri compromise.
[See Appendix for his speech.]
After the expiration of the hour allotted to Mr.
Benton under the rule, and before he had con-
cluded, the following pioceedings took place:
Several gentlemen rose to get the floor at the
same time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wkntworth] has the floor.
Mr. WENTWGRTH. Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] wishes to speak a few minutes longer,
and I am willing, with the consent of the com-
mittee, to yield him a portion of my time for that
purpose.
