1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
thus to fetter a State applying for admission into
this Union; but it was necessary to preserve the
principle of the Missouri compromiseline in order
that it might afterwards be extended; and it was _
supposed that while Congress had no power to j
impose any such limitation, yet as that was a |
compact with the State of Texas, that State could j
consent for herself that, when any portion of her i
own territory, subject to her own jurisdiction and
control, applied for a constitution, it should be in
a particular form; but that provision would,not
be binding on the new State one day after it was
admitted into the Union. The other provision
was, that such States as should he south of 36°
30' should come into the Union, with or without
slavery, as each should decide in its constitution.
Then, by that act the Missouri compromise was
extended indefinitely westward, so far as the State
of Texas went, that is, to the Rio del .Norte; for
our Government at the time recognized the Rio
del Norte as us boundary. We recognized in
many ways, and among them by even paying
Texas for it, in order that it nu^ht be included in,
and form a portion of, the Territory of New
Mexico.
Then, sir, in ]848 we acquired from Mexico
the country between the Rio Del Norte and the
Pacific ocean. Immediately after that acquisition,
the Senate, on my own motion, voted into a bill a
provision to extend the Missouri compromise in-
definitely westward to the Pacific ocean, in the
same sense, and with tlje same understanding
with which it was originally adopted. That pro-
vision passed this body by a decided majority—I
think by ten at least—and went to the House of
Representatives, and was there defeated by north-
ern votes.
Now, sir, let us pause and consider for a mo-
ment. The first time that the principles of the
Missouri compromise were ever abandoned, the
first time they were ever rejected by Congress,
was by the defeat of that provision in the House
of Representatives in 1848. By whom was that
defeat effected? By northern votes, with Free-
Soil proclivities. It was the defeat of that Mis-
souri compromise that reopened the slavery agi-
tation with all its fury. It was the defeat of that
Missouri compromise that created the tremen-
duous struggle of 1850. It was the defeat of that
Missouri compromise that created the necessity
for making a new compromise in 1850. Had we
been faithful to the principles of the Missouri com-
promise in 1848, this question would not have ;
arisen. Who was it that was faithless ? I under- j
take to say it was the very men who now insist ;
that the Missouri compromise was a solemn com- j
pact, and should never be violated or departed ;
from. Everyman who is now assailing theprin- ,
ciple of the bill under consideration, so far as I |
am advised, was opposed to the Missouri compro- :
mise in 1848. The very men who now arraign j
me for adeparture from the Missouri compromise,
are the men who successfully violated it, repu- ]
diated it, and caused it to be supeiseded by the I
compromise measures of 1850. Sir, it is with '
rather bad grace that the men who proved false
themselves, should charge upon me and/thers, ;
who were ever faithful, the responsibilities and j
consequences of their own treachery. ^ j
Then, sir, as I before remarked, tnF defeat of j
the Missouri compromise in 1848 having: created j
the necessity for the establishment of a new one
in 1850, let us see what that compromise was.
The leading feature of the compromise of 1850
was congressional non-intervention as to slavery
in the Territoiies; that the people of the Territo-
ries, and of all the States, were to be allowed to
do as they pleased upon the subject of slavery,
subject only to the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States.
That, sir, was the leading feature of the com- ,|
promise measuresof 1850. Those measures there- .
fore, abandoned the idea of a geographical line as ,
the boundary between free States and slave States; j
abandoned it because compelled to do it from an j
inability to maintain it; and in lieu ofthat,substi- j
tuted a great principle of self-government, which ;
would allow the people to do as they thought.
proper. Now, the question is, when that new j
compromise, resting upon that great fundamental .
principle of freedom, was established, was it not j
an abandonment of the old one—the geographical;
line? Was it not a supersedure of the old one s
within the very language of the substitute for fhe
bill which is now under consideration ? I say it
did supersede it, because it applied its provisions
as well to the north as to the south of 36° 30'.
it established a principle which was equally ap-
plicable to the country north as well as south of
the parallel of 360 30'—a principle of universal ap-
plication. Theauthors of this Abolition manifesto
attempt to refute this presumption, and main-
tain that thecompromise of 1850did notsupersede
that of 1820, by quoting the proviso to the firat
section of the act to establish the Texan boundary,
and established the Territory of New Mexico.
That proviso was added by way of amendment, on
motion by Mr. Mason, of Virginia.
I repeat, that in order to rebut the presumption,
as I before stated, that the Missouri compromise
was abandoned and superseded by the principles
of the compromise of 1850, these confederates cite
the following amendment, offered to the bill to
establish the boundary of Texas and create the
Territory of New Mexico in. 1850:
44 Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to impair or quality anything contained in tlie lliiid
article of the second section of the joint resolution lor an-
nexing Texas to the United States, approved March 1,
1845, either as regard? the number of Stales that may
hereafter be formed out of the State of Texas or otheiwi&e."
After quoting this proviso, they make the fol-
lowing statement, and attempt to gain credit for
its truth by suppressing material facts which ap-
pear upon the face of the same statute, and, if
produced, would conclusively disprove the state- '
ment:
"It is solemnly declared in the very compromise acts
'that nothing herein contained shall be conUrued to im-
pair or qua'ify1 the prohibition of slaveiv north of 36' 3t)';
and yet, m the lace of tins declaration, that sacred prohi-
bition is said to be overthrown. Can presumption further
go!"
I will now proceed to show that presumption
could not go further than is exhibited in this dec-
laration. —r
They suppress the following material facts,
which, if produced, would have disproved their
statement: They first suppress the fact that the
same section of the act cuts off from Texas, and
cedes to the United States, all that part of Texas
which lies north of 36° 30'. They then suppress
the further fact that the same section of the law
cuts off from Texas a large tract of country on
the west, more than three degrees of longitude,
and added it to the territory of the United States.
They then suppress the further fact that this ter-
ritory thus cut off from Texas, and to which the
Missouri compromise line did apply, was incor-
porated into the Territory of New Mexico. And
then what was done? It was incorporated into
that Territory with this clause:
"That when admitted as a State, the 'said Territory, or
any portion of the same, slwll be received into the Union ,
with or without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe ;
atttie tune of its adoption.11 j
Yes, sir, the very bill and section from which j
they quote cuts off all that part of Texas which
was to be free by the Missouri compromise, to-
gether with some on the south side of the line,
incorporates it into the Territory of New Mexico,
and then says that that Territory, and every por-
tion of the same, shall come into the Union with
or without slavery, as it sees proper.
What else does it do ? The sixth section of the
same act provides that the legislative power and
authority of this said Territory of New Mexico
shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislation
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of the act not excepting
slavery. Thus the New Mexican bill, from which
they make that quotation, contained the provision
that New Mexico, including that part of Texas
which was cut off, should come into the Union with
or without slavery, as it saw proper; and in the
mean time that the Territorial Legislature should
have all the authority over the subject of slavery
that they had over any other subject, restricted
only by the limitations of the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of the act. Now,
I ask those Senators, do not those provisions re-
peal the Missouri compromise so far as it applied
to that country cut oft from Texas r Do they not
annul it ? Do they not supersede it ? If they do,
then the address which has been put forth to the
world by these confederates is an atrocious false-
hood. If they do not, then what do they mean
when they charge me with having, in the substi-
tute first reported from the committee, repealed it,
with having annulled it, with having violated it,
when I only copied those precise words? 1 copied
the precise words into my bill as reported from
the committee which were contained in the New
Mexico bill. They say my bill annuls .the Mis-
souri compromise. If it does, it had already bfeen
done before by the act of 1850, for these words .
were copied from the act of 1850.
Mr. WADE. Why did you do it over again/
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will come to that poi.nt
presently, and explain why we did it-over again.
1 am now dealing with the truth and veracity of
a combination of men who have assembled in se-
cret caucus upon the Sabbath day, to arraign my
conduct and belie my character. 1 say, therefore,
that their manifesto is a slander either way; for it
says that the Missouri compromise was not su-
perseded by the measures of 1850, and then it
says that the same words in my bill do repeal and
annul it. They must be adjudged guilty of one
falsehood in order to sustain the other assertion.
Now, sir,.I propose to go a little further, and
show what was the real meaning of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, out of which
these gentlemen have manufactured so much cap-
ital in the newspaper-press, and have succeeded
by that qiisrepresentation in procuring an expres-
sion'of opinion from the State of Rhode Island in
opposition to this bill. I will state what, its mean-
ing is. Did it mean that the States north of 36°
30' should have a clause in their constitutions pro-
hibiting slavery ? I have shown that it did not
mean that, because the same act says that they
might come in with slavery if they saw proper. _s
I say it could not mean that for another reason.
The same section containing that proviso cut off
all that part of Texas north of 36° 30', and hence
there was nothing for it to operate upon. It did
not, therefore,relate to the country cut off. What
did it relate to? Why, it meant simply this: By
the joint resolution of 1845 Texas was annexed,
with the right to form four additional States out
of her territory;.and such States as were south of
36° 30' were to come in with or without slavery,
as they saw proper; and in such State or Slates a?
were north of that line, slavery should be prohibr
ited. When we had cut off all north of 36° 30',
and thus circumscribed the boundary and dimin-
ished the territory of Texas, the question arose,
how many States will Texas be entitled to u/ider
this circumscribed boundary? Certain! y not four,
it will be argued. Why? Because the original
resolution of annexation provided that one of the
States, if not more, should be north of 36° 30'.
It would leave it, then, doubtful whether Texas
was entitled to two or three additional States under
the circumscribed boundary.
In order to put that matter to rest, in order to
make a final settlement, in order to have it explic-
itly understood, what was the meaning of Con-
gress, the Senator from "Virginiaoffered tbeamend-
ment that nothing therein contained should impair
that provision, either as to the number of States or
otherwise; that is, that Texas should be entitled
to the same number of States with her reduced
1 boundaries as she would have been entitled to
;| under her larger boundaries; and those States shall
'j come in with or without slavery, being all south
! of 36° 30', and nothing to impair that right shall
be inferied from the passage of the act. Such,
sir, was the meaning of that proposition. Any
other construction of it would stultify the very
character and purpose of its mover, the Senator
from Virginia. Such, then, was notonly themteat
of therrtover, butsuchisthe legal effect of the law;
and I say that no man, after reading the otto sec-
tions of the bill, those to which I have referred,
can doubt that such was both the intent and the
legal effect of that law.
Then I submit to the Senate if I have not con-
victed this manifesto, issued by the Abolition con"
federates, of beinga gross falsification of the laws of
the land, and by that falsification thatan erroneous
and injurious impression has been created upon
the public mind ? ! am sorry to be compelled to
indulge in languageof this severity; but there w no
other language that is adequate to express the in-
dignation with which I see this attempt, nofonly
to "mislead the public, but to malign my character
by deliberate falsification of the public statutes
and the public records. ,
Sir this misrepresentation and falsification does
not stop here. In order to give greater plausibility
to their statement, they go further, and state th^t
  it is solemnly declared, in the very compromise
