1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. SEWARD and others objected.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
from Mississippi, who is entitled to the floor,
[Mr. Harris,] does not desire to avail himself of
his right, I wish to address the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] as
having the floor.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Certainly, sir, I claim
the floor; but I am willing, indeed, 1 am desirous,
that the gentleman from Missouri should have
enough of my time to finish his speech.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 have no objection, Mr. Chair-
man, to the gentleman from Missouri being per-
mitted to go on and conclude his speech; but if the
gentleman from Illinois does not want the floor, I
will want it.
Mr. HUNT. I hope thegentleman fromMis-
souti will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 believe, Mr. Chair-
man , that I have the control of the floor, and I can
see no objection to the gentleman's concluding, if
he does so out of my time.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that the courtesy of
* the committee will be extended to the gentleman
from Missouri, and that he will be permitted to
occupy such further time as will enable him to
conclude his speech. This privilege has been
frequently granted heretofore.
Mr. CLINGMAN. it has been again and
again decided out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
must be observed. The gentleman from Illinois
has the door, and expresses his desire to yield it
to the gentleman from Missouri for explanation.
But this cannot be done unless by the geneial
consent of the committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the Chair if I
have the floor; and, if I am entitled to it for one
hour, who is injured by my giving fifteen minutes,
more or less,-of my hour to the gentleman from
Missouri ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor; and the committee will preserve order,
so that the gentleman can proceed.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I movethatthe
committee rise, for the purpose of submitting a
motion to alter the rules.
[Cries of " No !" No !"]
Mr. PERKINS. I withdraw the motion.
Many Members. Mr. Chairman ! Mr'. Chair-
man !
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor, and .gentlemen will take their
seats, and forbear conversation.
In the midst of much noise and confusion
Mr. WENTWORTH proceeded: I wish, at
the outset of my remarks, to know, if at any time
during this Congress, or any other, when any
member of this House has obtained the floor, and
another gentleman has requested a short portion
of his time to finish his speech, that request has
ever been denied by the House?
Many Members. Never, never.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 suppose, Mr. Chair-
man, that I have an hour, and I can talk it out if
necessary; but, nevertheless, ifthegentleman from
Missouri has not finished his speech, as this is
an important question—as the eyes of the whole
country are turned to this debate, and to the course
which is to be taken in the determination of this
question—I want the wholecountry to understand
that the oldest man living in Congress, the man
who was here at the time when the Missouri com-
promise was adopted, and the only man in the
whole Congress, is now refused a courtesy which
has been refused to no other living man. Let it go
out to the country as a sample of the courtesy of
those who are trying to control this House.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman's statement is not
true m point of fact.
Mr. ORR. He is mistaken.
Mr. KEITT. As the gentleman wants the
facts to go to the country, it would be well enough
for him to state them as they are.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" all over the
House.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is upon the floor, and gentlemen will pre-
serve order.
After order was restored,
Mr. WENTWORTH continued: I have not
been here always; but this is my ninth session;
and I am in my seat as much as any other man in
Congress; and 1 never knew an instance when this
appeal to the courtesy of the House was denied.
Never, sir! In the bitterest of party times, John
Q.umcy Adams often made the appeal, and it was
never denied him. I make the asseition, and let
those who dispute mecontradict me by therecord.
Where are the instances on the Journals to prove
that 1 am wrong? Sir, I now ask that the oldest
man m the House, one who knows more than all
the rest of us put together, may be heard a fiw
moments out of my hour.
Mr. CULLOM. Will thegentleman from Illi-
nois allow me a woid?
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 yield to the gentle-
man for a moment.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand lhat the gentle-
man from Missouri would desire but a few min-
utes of time longer; and I do hope, in view of
the importance of the question, and in view of
the great age and experience in legislation of the
gentleman, he will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman cannot make a speech inside of
the speech of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CULLOM. I am proceeding by the per-
mission of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wevtworth,] and not by the courtesy of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
for I never appeal to his courtesy.
[Cries of " Good !" " Good !' ]
Mr. CULLOM. I say here, in the face of this
committee, that I have seen this courtesy extended
over and over again, during my short probation
in Congress, and I ask if there is anything pecu-
liar in the case of the gentleman from Missouri
why a discrimination should be made against
him?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon my point of
order, that the gentleman is not m order.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 appeal to the committee to
extend to the gentleman a few minutes, and I hope
they will do it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is evidently within
the power of anyone member of the committee
to object to the gentleman from Missouri proceed-
ing. I am too well acquainted with the rules of
this House to trespass upon its courtesy, if it is
the determination, even of oneindividual, to object.
But, if I understand the rules, a majority may
allow the gentleman to proceed, if it is taken out
of my time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all.
Mr. PECKHAM. What is the decision of
the Chair upon the question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will thegen-
tleman from Illinois allow me a word ?
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. WASHBURN. I wish to state the ques-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I call the gentle-
man to order. He is not addressing the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a point of
order.
Mr. WASHBURN. In the last Congress, a
case precisely similar to this occurred. A gen-
tleman from Kentucky was occupying the floor
for a certain time; his time expiied,and I obtained
the floor. I yielded to him for further remarks,
and upon the motion of some gentleman, the com-
mittee gave him an extension of time.
Mr. ORR. That was by unanimous consent,
not by a vote of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN. It was by a vote of the
committee. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman to produce the
record. I do not think such a case has ever oc-
curred.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor, and cannot yield it but
for the purpose of explanation, except by the
unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. PECKHAM. From that decision I re-
spectfully appeal ,
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment 6f the committee?"
Mr. PECKHAM. I understand there is no
objection to the gentleman from Missouri pro-
ceeding with his remarks. If there is not, IVith-
draw my appeal. .
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the objection
will be withdrawn, if any is made. I understand
the gentleman from Missouri would have finished
his remarks before this time, if he had been allowed
to go on.
Several gentlemen here rose at the same lime
and addressed the Chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. 1 want to know who is entitled to the
floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entuled to the floor?
Mr. SMITH. Then I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will proceed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman from
Illinois objects to proceeding in discourtesy to the
venerable gentleman from Missouri, who asks a
few moments more in which to conclude liig
speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that an appeal has been taken from the decision
of the Chair, that the gentleman from Missouri
cannot proceed in the time of the gentleman from
Illinois, without the unanimous consent of the
committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, if an appeal has
been taken, I ask that it may be decided without
further delay.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois allow me to make a single sug-
gestion ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will hear the gentle-
man.
The CHAIRMAN. Before any further debate
is had, the Chair desires to know whether the
gentleman from New York appeals from the de-
cision of the Chair?
Mr. B1SSELL. If no other gentleman ap-
peals, I do.
Mr. OLIVER. Mr. Chairman, beingdecidedly
in favor of the bill under discussion, and feeling
that the friends of the measure have nothing to fear
from the most thorough investigation, not-even
from anything that my venerable colleague may
say in opposition,on accountof my respect for his
age and position, I am prompted to beg the com-
mittee to extend to him the courtesy of permitting
him to finish his remarks.
Mr. B1SSELL. That he may proceed in the
time of the gentleman from Illinois?
^Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly, within my
time.
Mr. SMITH. Now, 1 should be very glad of
an opportunity of saying a word, if I can get the
attention of the committee. 1 am perfectly witl-
ing myself—perfectly willing—that the gentleman
from Missouri should be allowed to finish his re-
marks; but the committee will understand .that
while it is desirable to himself, to the committee,
and to the country that he should proceed in
order 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. All this discussion is out of order.
Mr. SMITH. I hope thegentleman will allow
me to go on and finish the single remark I was
making.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, sir, there are other
members who desire to make remarks too. Debate
is out of order, and I think it had better be stopped.
Mr. SMITH. Have I the floor or not?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, I rf e to a privileged
question.
Several Members called to order.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal to the committee to
listen to me for a single moment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Again I rise to a question
of order. I must object to any discussion. My
friend from Virginia will understand that I do not
make any personal objection to him. But as this
debate is all out of order, 1 must insist upon the
rules being observed.
Mr. SMITH Just one single word 
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am willing to yield
to the gentleman from Virginia; but first, I desire
to know if there is any objection to the gentleman
from Missouri proceeding to occupy a part of my
time in concluding his remarks ? If it is objected
that I cannot yield to the gentleman from Mis-
souri a portion of my time, how can those making
the objection appeal to my courtesy, and ask for
a portion of my time to themselves? The gentle-
man from Missouri has the first claim. Ifhecan-
not have my time, no one can. Is there an ob-
jection ? If there is, I shall have to make another
point, whereby I am confident that I can get him
