1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
for in the articles of annexation and in the act of
1850 ?
The Senator from Virginia has well said, and
he has been followed in that by the Senator from i
Connecticut, [Mr. Toucey,] that there was no j
original obligation oil the part of the United States
to assume and pay this debt. The obligation is ;
created by a positive statute; and that statute we
all, without any exception, propose to fulfill. We .
do not propose to abate one jot or tittle of any of
its obligations. But, sir, the Senator from Con-i
necticut went on to say that this bill was a mere ;
anticipation of interest to become due, and that, j
therefore, we might pay the amount proposed to
be appropriated, although there was no legal claim
on the Treasury. That honorable Senator, if I
recollect aright, objected to the grant of public
lands to the States for a particular purpos^, be-
cause there was no constitutional power on the j
part of Congress to dispose of those lands other-
wise than to dispose of the money; and that there
could be no power to dispose of money, exceptin
execution of some one of the powers of the Gen-
eral Government. He now tells us that there is
no obligation whatever to pay these §2,000,000;
and yet he says that he will assume to pay it. 1
cannot quite perceive the consistency of these
positions. There is no obligation to pay the
money. It is a mere gratuity; yet he says to this
extent we may assume to pay the debt.
Now, sir, one of the articles of the Democratic
platform, if I may be pardoned 4>r refering to
such a document as that, is, that the Democratic
party will not sanction the assumption by the Gen-
eral Government of the debts of any State. This
is confessedly, all around, the assumption of
$2,000,000 of the debt of the State of Texas, with-
out any obligation whatever on our part.
I think, sir, 1 have made myself clear. I sim-
ply ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment,
because 1 conceive this to be the test question on
the bill, and I suppose it may as well come to the
vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, as I voted at
the last session of Congress against the issue of
stock to the amount of $8,500,000, or something of
that kind, for this debt, 1 wish now to give my
reasons, as succinctly as I can, why I shall vote in
favor of the present bill, and against the amend-
ment.
I still adhere to the opinion that the Govern-
ment of the United States is not bound for any
portion of these debts beyond the extent of its
agreement to pay. I do not read the law of na-
tions according to the doctrines of some honora-
ble Senatorshere, and I,do not think the obligation
for the debts of Texas exists; but there is an evi-
dent difference of opinion on that point. A large
number of the members of this body entertain the
opinion that we are bound for the whole debt of
Texas for which the import revenues of that Re-
public were pledged. ! do not admit that princi-
ple as affecting distinct nationalities; but t do not
mean to enter into that question, but I mean to
show why, as a matter of policy, I shall vote for
this bill, though ! do not consider that there is
any obligation, arising out of the law of nations,
on us to pay this money, or any obligation in re-
gard to it, within the contract which we have
assumed, arising, probably, from the looseness
with which the provision was inserted in the act
of 1850, which stipulated for the payment of ten
millions to Texas. No Senator doubts the obli-
gation to pay to the extent of that stipulation.
Well, sir, what was that stipulation ? It was to
pay Texas $10,000,000 in a particular mode; that
is all. It was to be paid by the issue of a five per
cent, stock, redeemable in fourteen years. We
issued $5,000,000 of that stock, but the act con-
tains a proviso that the remaining 05,000,000,
which should bear an interest of five per cent.,
redeemable in fourteen years, should not be issued
—not until Texas had done any act, but until the
creditors of Texas, who had a specific pledge on
her impost or revenue duties, should release the
United States from any claims they alleged they
had upon them. That, is the form of the condi-
tion; hut that condition did not provide that Texas
should be required to have those releases filed in
any given time. The obligation of the United
States was not to pay money, but to issue stock.
What, then, is the position of Texas' She is
the creditor of the United States for $5,000,000.
We have chosen to retain this fund for the
i benefit of her and her creditors. She and her
i creditors cannot agree as to the terms on which
{ the settlement shall be made. Texas, therefore,
i suffers the stock to remain unca4led for. It is
1 drawing interest in the mean time, and itv/illdraw
1 interest until its maturity, and she comes to a set-
tlement with her creditors. The condition does
not compel her to have those releases filed at any
particular time. The condition affects the credi-
tors. She cannot draw the stock until their re-
: leases are filed; but if those releases be filed at the
I lapse of the time when thestock matures, the pay-
ment of the whole amount, principal and interest,
1 is just as obligatory on this Government as if the
, releases were filed now. The loss may be to
, Texas, for she will not get her interest in the
i mean time. But, in point of policy, the loss isalso
' to us, for the money is ly ing dead in the Treasury,
' and the interest is running on against us, and we
shall have the $8,500,000 to pay at the end of the
, time, because the stipulation is to issue stock, and i
i not to pay money. We shall have to pay the j
whole amount, however, at the end of the four- '
' teen years, and I understand this bill, in point of
policy, to be based upon that idea.
What, then, is our condition ? We have a re-
dundant Treasury. Here is.a case m which there
are differences of opinion as to the extent of the
obligation, or the equitable obligation, if you
please, of the United States, to pay the whole
debt, which amounts to over $10,000,000; but the
creditors are willing, as we are informed, to come
in and take this $8,500,000. We propose to pay
that under this bill, if the State of Texas will
agree to its provisions. Sir, if we do not pass
this bill, the result may be, in the course of a few
years, with the fluctuations that take place in the
body, that the opinion may obtain under those
circumstances, that we are bound for the whole
debt, and we shall have more than §10,000,000 to
pay, with probably the Treasury not in as good a
condition to pay as now.
Under these circumstances, making allowance
for difference of opinion, though I do not consider
i that the obligation to pay exists, yet we are
obliged to pay the interest, and whether we pay
i it in advance, or at the end of the time, is imma-
1 terial. It is perfectly certain, with the experience
I which we h^ve had, that there can be no settle-
j ment of the matter on any other terms. Interest
' is running on against us, and the money is lying
! idle in the Treasury, and ultimately we shall, at
: any rate, have to pay $8,500,000, and probably
i more, if the character of the Senate, or the views
of the Senate, change as to any legal or equitable
! obligation on our part, under the laws of nations,
to pay the whole amount of the claims of these
i creditors. Many able men sustain that view. I
differ from them. I do not go into that ground,
however, but in point of policy, thinking that we
have nothing to gain by delaying the payment of
this interest, and that the Treasury is now in a
^ condition to enable us to do it, 1 cannot see that
] there is any great difference between the paying of
' the interest in advance, instead of paying it here-
after. I am willing, therefore, to vote for this
| bill.
1 Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not in-
! tend to enter into the argument of this question,
; but I wish to state briefly the reasons why I can-
j not vote for the bill. 1 do not hold that we are
' under any obligation to pay the debts of Texas
any further than we stipulated to do so in the
j compromise measures of 1850. By one of those
laws, we undertook to pay the State of Texas
' $10,000,000; $5,000,000 of which were to be re-
ji served until Texas furnished us with the releases
j of the obligations of debts for which her customs
;; revenues were bound.
'' We are now told that there is an inability to
1! agree between the creditors of Texas and the State
| of Texas, as to the mode of payment of that
" $5,000,000. If there is an inability to agree, how
•! can they corae to us and ask us to pay the amountJ
| The creditors have no business here. They have
: made no contract with us. They treated with
Texas. Their claim is upon Texas. Weoweto
l the State of Texas these $5,000,000. We were
I by the stipulation to pay it to Texas, and not to
i the creditors. We were not, however, bound to
: pay it to Texas until she furnished the releases,
i When Texas shall furnish the releases, we shall
i. be ready to pay. 1 am ready to vote to pay every
dollar, principal and interest, the moeaent we eat>
get a receipt which is valid,.so,,as.te liquidate the,
claim against us. If we pay.these claims to the,
creditors without releases from Texas, we. shall
still owe to Texas,for we,shall not. have liquidated
the obligation. - ,
Then, sir, I am ready to pay the |5,000,000),
and interestupon it, in pursuance of our contract,.
That is all Texas can claim. !t is stated—and I be-"
lieve correctly—that, taking the §5,000,000 of prin-
cipal, and adding the interest up to this time, and
adding, besides, the present premium on such,
stock, the whole would amount to, $6,500,000,.
That, I think, is the highest sum that can possibly;,
■ be claimed, if we pay now. But t,he bill, as it.
| stands, proposes to pay $8,500,000. How is it
, that gentlemen arrive at the conclusion that we
j owe these additional two millions? Why, they
I say there will be two millions of interestdue when
j the debt shall become payable ten years from nowj
, That is very true. But why should- we. pay the
money now, and pay the interest for ten years on
a debt which we do not owe ?
We are now paying interest on debts which we
owe to foreign countries. If we were to take this
money, and with it liquidate debts that we fiwc to
foreign, countries, we should stop interest on the
amount of $2,000,000. Hence 1 say, if we now
pay interest for ten years on a debt which we shall,
not owe during that time, we shall be makings
present to the creditors of Texas to the extent of
that interest, which is $2,000,000. 1 look upon
this as a proposition distinctly to make a,present,
a gratuity, of $2,000,000 to the State of Texas,
for the benefit of her creditors, over and above any
legal obligation on our part to pay.
Then, sir, if there is no legal allegation, what
moral obligation is there on our part to pay this
debt? We are told there is a moral obligationon
u3, because Texas, prior to her annexation, had
pledged her revenues specifically for the payment
of a certain portion of this debt. Suppose she
had. Well, it is said by the annexation those
revenues inured to the Treasury of the United
States, and not to the State of Texas. Sir, if
Texas has made an arrangement with us since
she pledged her revenues, inconsistent with that
pledge, it is a question between the bondholders
and Texas. It is a question of faith between them
with which we have nothing to do, because the
creditors have no claim upon us. Texas, when
she made the pledge, only pledged her faith. If
shehas done any act inconsistent with the pledge,
it is a question between her and her creditors, with
which we cannot interfere.
But, sir, is it true that, by the annexation of
Texas, we diminished the means of Texas to pay
her debts ? If we did not, surely there is no moral
obligation upon us to pay any of-those debts; but
if we did diminish her means to discharge her
debts, it may be said there is a moral, although
no legal obligation on us, to make up thedeficiency.
Now, do we not know it to be a historical fact
that every creditor of Texas was anxious for an-
nexation, in order thereby to increase the chances
of getting his debts paid. Did not the bonds go
up in the market two, three, four, or even ten-
fold the moment annexation took place, in conse-
quence of annexation ? Then I say the effect of
annexation, instead of diminishing the means
of Texas to pay her debts, or instead of diminish-
ing the value of the obligations which she owed,
was to enhance them in the market wherever
they were found. This shows that we aided
Texas and her bondholders by our action, instead
of diminishing the value of their bonds.
Again, there was a distinct stipulation in the
|i resolutions of annexation that Texas was to keep
J her own lands, and pay her own debts; thus show-
i mg that she had no claim upon us. Nobody con-
! ce'ived that we were ever to be called upon to pay
' any portion of her .debt. But yet, in 1850, dur-
| in"- the slavery agitation, it became necessary for
! U3 to buy a piece of land to which Texas had
; claim, and to pay her liberally for it, in order to
i settle an existing controversy. We did agree to
' pay her $10,000,000 for that land. I voted for it.
j At the time I voted for it, I did not believe the
! land was worth enough to pay the expenses of
J its survey; i do not believe so now. But the
I $10,000,000 were well paid togetridofa difficulty
I which might carry serious, and even fatal, conse-
' qucnces to the permanency of the Union. We
; voted cheerfully to pay the $10,000,000. At that
