988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
a chance to speak by right. I think it would look
better if we allowed so old and so wise a man to
speak by courtesy than by right. I am neither
joking nor boasting when 1 say that "Old Bullion "
will yet be heard again to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly there is. I have
objected, and other members have objected.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then X make the
point of order that I have the right to yield the
floor to the gentleman, and that he has the right to
occupy a portion of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
according to his understanding of the rules of the
House, the gentleman from Missouri may proceed
with the unanimous consent of the committee, and
not otherwise.
Mr. CLINGMAN. [ object.
Mr. PECKHAM. From that decision I re-
spectfully take an appeal.
Thp CHAIRMAN". The question then will
be, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. ORR. Upon that question I demand
tellers.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the Chair be
pleased to Ktate the question again5
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly. The gentle-
man fiom Illinois, [Mr. Wentwoktu,] who is in
possession of the floor, desires to yield a portion
of his time to the gentleman from Missouri, that
he may complete bin speech. The Chair decides
that that may be done, but that it cannot lie done
unless by the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee. From that decision an appeal has been taken;
and the question now is, "Shall the deciMon of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee ?"
Mr. ORR. I>efore the question is again taken,
I ask fertile reading of the rule which prohibits a
member speaking more than one hour.
[Cries of " I object!" "Let us hear the rule !"]
Mr. ORR. I am entitled to have the tnle read.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule will bo mad.
The Clerk then rend the rule,as follows:
No memhfr fchnll occupy inoie. than one Jumr in
debate on any ijiiestam m the Hmw, or in committee ; hut
a ui'MJiber leportui" the measuie under consideration nnm
it committee may open .tad elo.-e the debate *
That where dcinff i<j clovd by ouiei ot' the House, any
member t-hal! he allowed, m committee, five minutes to
explain any amendment he may oiler, afier which any
rnembei who .-h,til fii.-t oluam the llooi :-lmU be allowed to
speak five minutes, in opposition to it, and iheie ^hall be no
further debate on the amendment; hut the same pnviiege
on debate shall bo allowed in favor of and a«ain«i any
amendment that maybe oll.;rcd to the amendment; and
neither the amendment noi an amendment to the amend-
ment -dial! be wiihdiawn hy the mover thereof, utiles by
'he unaiumou> consent of the eomjiuttcc."
The CHAIRMAN. It is on the rule which
has just been read that the derision of th* Chair
is founded.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit whether a rule of
the House am be changed in committee. It, can-
not; and gentlemen have no right to appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have a
right to put their own construction on the rules.
Mr. HUNT. I understand that the appeal
from the decision of the Chair lias been with-
drawn.
The CTIAIRM A N. ft has not been withdrawn.
Mr. JONE^?, of Tennessee. If I understand
the Chair, he decides that gentlemen have a light
to appeal in this case, and that a majority of this
committee can change the rules of the House. If
that be the desisnon, I, for one, will not vote on
(he appeal.
[Cries of " Order!''}
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dams, of
Indiana, and Sapi*, u ere appointed.
The committee then proceeded to divide on the
question, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SEWARD. I have made a point of order,
and I do not withdraw it. if the Chair decide
against rne, I anneal from his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a question of
order aheady pending, and the committee is now
dividing on it. Two questions of order cannot be
entertained at the same time.
Mr. SEWARD, (aimu much confusion.) 1
make my point of order, and insist on it,
Tiie Off AillM AN". The gentleman's point of
order cannot be entertained at this time.
The question was pur on the question, ** Shall
, the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of I
'■ the committee?"and the tellers reported—ayes 96;
'j no quorum voting. 1
i [Cries of "Call the roll!"] j
:> Mr. PECKHAM. I withdraw the appeal. t
.1 The CHAIRMAN. Will the committee allow •
I the gentleman to withdraw the appeal? j
' [Cries of No ! no !"and c< Object."]
Mr. COBB. We want a record made up of
i the facts. !
i Mr. ORR. The roil must be called.
; Mr. HUGHES. I movethat the committeedo
' now rise. !
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now j
in order. The roll must be called.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, and ■
, the names of the absentees were noted. The com- i
.: mittee then rose, mid the Speaker having resumed
! | the chair, the Chahmun reported thatihe Commit- ,
j; tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
h had the Union generally und* r consideration, and l
II particularly the amendment of the Senate to the
!' deficiency bill, and finding itself without a quo-
! rum, had caused the roll to be called and the '
i names of the absentees to be noted, and had di- .
(j rected him to report the facts to the House, with ;
■I the names of the absentees. '
i The following are the names of the absentees:
ji Messrs. Abeicrnmbu;, James (J. Allen, Willis Allen, ,
|; Appleton, Bell, Hlt-i., I5ocock, Campbell, Oaiuiher>, Cham-
berlain, t'hrwe, Clia-fum, Cummin^, Haw-on. l)u Witt,
Dick, Dowdell, En«h>li, Rverhatt, Faulkner, I'Ynton, Fill- i
11 ler. Gamble, (itddin^-,Gomle, Andrew J. [I as Ian, Hastings, I
Hendricks, Hill. Ililhcr, Johnson, Laiif, McCulloch, M«ic- ,
j, donaid, Mc.VInllni, MciVair, McClueen, Matte-on, Moiri- 1
son, XiclioN, Noiton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, ['acker, Peck, '
i! PxMon, Prinjrle, llec-e, Ru^ell,^abin,Snodijtn-s,aollcr^, '
[j Frederick P. Stanton, Strattori, Tracy, Tweed, Vai^ant,
j| Wade, Westbrook, and Yates.
|| A quorum (174J members) being now present,
!' the committee resumed its session. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman whe took the appeal from the I
■ decision of the Chair withdraws it. If there be ,
I no objection, the appeal will be considered as j
i withdrawn.
j No objection was made.
; The CH AI R3V1A IN". The gentleman from 1 ih-
nois [Mr. Wr.Nmoarn] is entitled to tiie iloor.
'I Air. WEN I'WORT Li . What is tiie proposi*
'! tion now pending before the committee '
The CllAlRAl A.N. The amendments of the :
i Senate tn tiie deficiency lull aie now before the ;
II committee. |
!| Mr. WENTWORTH. Is there any proj.osi-;
!; tion pending to amend the amendments of the
;; Senate >
!! The CHAIRMAN. There is no such propo-
,i sition pei'ding.
■; Mr. WEN l'WORTH. Well, I desire to offer !
an amendment on the fifteenth page or the bill. Jf i
1 1 cannot succccd one way, 1 must try another. !
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments of the i
^ Senate will be vend in their order. The Chair will !
have the first amendment reported.
: Mr. CLINGMAN. Has the reading of the
bill commenced?
i The CHAIRMAN. The leading of the amend-
i1 nients has not commenced.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Has the bill Ucen read
1 through:
Th** CHAIRMAN. The amendments of the
• ■ Semite only arc before us.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that when
a bill is taken up in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it must fust he read through,
and then lead by paragraphs, i make the point of
order that the hili has not all been read over.
Mr. WENTWORTH, That is only me case '
with original bids.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes: and theamendmems ;
of the Senate to thi^ bill must all be read through, 1
and until they have all been read, no amendment
will be in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. i care not what h
read, provided that it does not come out of my
hour.
The CHAIRMAN. It lias I>een cumomarv to
read the first amendment nr^t.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i insist on them'*m this
tase, as we have jot into some viifKcuitv already. ■
I make tiie point that, before we can be called
upon to amend any amendment, or beforetheques- ,
1 tion can be changed in any way, all the amend-
' ments must he rend over.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Were not the amend-
ments read yesterday ?
The CHAIRMAN. They were not read. Jf
the gentleman calls for the reading of the amend-
ments, they will be read.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the reading will
not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order,
that the amendments of the Senate must be regu-
larly read before any amendment can be offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
to read the amendments to the House.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 make tiie point of order,
that one of the members of this House, who re-
ported this bill, has already spoken upon it. I
ask the Chair to state whether it is not so.
TheCHAlRMAN, Thegentleman f:om Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, has already spoken upon
the bill.
Mr. HUGHES. Then is it not too late to raise
a question of order, and have not the committee
passed over the amendments ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. No matter; let them
have their own way, and see how much ihcy will
make.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My point of order is, that
that gentleman cannot move amendments until the
whole bill is read.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Went worth] propose un amend*
ment?
_ Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask what the prop-
sition is before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the consideration of
the biil generally.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Are no, -ue Sena*
amendments before the committee?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Tli'i ^h'u.Uc au:e-iuineiits
are before the committee, but befoir any amend-
ment can be offered to them, they must, be read.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well, read away; *
can await if the gentleman from Missouii can.
Air. HOUSTON. 1 desire, if tiie amendments
are to be read, that they shall be re.nl «n connec-
tion with the bill itself,so that we may nude;stand
their direct application.
Mr. .T0NE8, of Tennessee, The customary
practice is, first, to read the bill and amendments
through; and then, upon the reading of the first
amendment, the bill is open for tanemlmerit and
debate. But, as the committee Imve commenced
and progressed with the bill, passirg over the first
reading of the amendments, I think it is too late
now to make the question of order of having the
amendments all read over.
The CH AIRMAN. I am inclined to think that
the gentleman from Tennessee is rightin the opin-
ion he has expressed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does the Chair decide
that the amendments are not to be reed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the House has waived the necessity ot' reading the
amendments.
Air. WENTWORTH. I move to am^nd tha
first amendment by inserting the wotd "three'*
in the place of the word " four."
The CHAIRMAN. The first amendment will
be reported by the Clerk.
The amendment was then read as follows;
On page 2, line 20, to strike out the ' (wV and
xnt-eri m hru thereof the woid " tour.''
Mr. WENTWORTH. That is the amend-
ment pending before the cumuli!tve. \ understand
that no gentleman has spoken ttnee tiu-t smend-
menthas been made.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
from Illinois does not propose to on with his
remarks m the Committee of the Whole, I claim
the floor against any one who has spohen upon
tins bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Tiie gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wentworth] is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And intends to hold it.
Mr. BAYLY. The chairman, I presume, un-
derstood me. I only remind the Chair of my
light to the iloor against any gentleman who lias
spoken upon this bill.
Mr. PECKHAM, What is the decision of the
Chair upon that question ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no point mru-e
as yet upon that question.
