278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. SO,
acts * ih&t nothing herein contained siiftll be construed
to impair or qualify > the prohibition of slavery north
of 36° 30'; and vet, m the face of this declaration,
that sacred prohibition is said to be overthrown.
Can presumption go further?"
In "the very teeth of the statute, saying that they
should come in with or without slavery as they
pleased, these men declare that it is stated that it
should be forever prohibited. I repeat to them,
11 Could presumption go further?" Not only
presumption in making these statements, but the
presumption that they could avoid the exposure
of their conduct.
In order to give greater plausibility to this falsi-
fication of the terms of the compromise measures
of 1850, the confederates also declare m their mani-
festo that they (the territorial bills for the organi-
zation of Utah and New Mexico) " applied to the
territory acquired from Mexico, and to that only.
They were intended as a settlement of the contro-
versy growing out of that acquisition, and of that
controversy only. They must stand or fall by
their own merits."
I submit to the Senate if there is an intelligent
man in America who does not know that that
declaration is falsified by the statute from which
they quoted? They say that the provisions of
that bill were confined to the territory acquired
from Mexico, when the very section of the law
from which they quoted that proviso did purchase
a part of that very territory from the State of
Texas. And the next section of the law included
that territory in the new Territory of Mexico. It
took a small portion, also, of the old Louisiana
purchase, and added that to the new Territory of
Mexico, and made up the rest out of the Mexican
acquisitions. Then, sir, your statutes show,
when applied to the map of the country, that the
Territory of New Mexico was composed of terri-
tory acquired from Mexico, and also of territory
acquired from Texas, and of teiritory acquired
from France; and yet, in defiance of that statute,
and in falsification of its terms, we are told, in
order to deceive the people, that the bills were
confined to the purchase made from Mexico alone;
and in order to give it greater solemnity, as was
necessary while uttering a falsehood, they repeat
it twice, fearing that it would not be believed the
first time. What is more, the Territory of Utah ;
was not confined to the country acquired from |
Mexico. That Territory, as is well known to |
every man who understands thegeography of the \
country, includes a large tract of rich and fertile [
country acquired from France in 1803, and to I
which theaighth section ofthe Missouri act applied [
in 1820. If these confederates do not know to
"what country I allude, I only reply that they
should have known before they uttered a false-
hood, and imputed a crime to me.
But I will tell you to what country I allude.
By the treaty of 1819, by which we acquired
Florida, and fixed a boundary between the United
States and Mexico, the boundary was made of
the Arkansas river to its source, and then the line
ran due north of the source of the Arkansas to the
42d parallel, then along on the 42d parallel to the
Pacific ocean. That line, due north from the head
ot the Arkansas, leaVes the whole Middle Park,
described in such glowing terms by Colonel Fre-
mont, to the east of the line, and hence a part of j
the Louisiana purchase. Yet, inasmuch as that i
Middle Park is watered and drained by the waters i
flowing into the Colorado, when we formed the J
territorial limits of Utah, instead of running that!
air line, we ran along the ridge of the mountains, \
and cut off that part from Nebraska, <•>r from the [
Louisiana purchase, and included it within the
limits of the Territory of Utah.
Why did we do it ? Because we sought for a j
national boundary; and it wps more natural to ;
take the mountains as a boundary than by an air :
line to cut the valleys on one side of the mount- '
ains, and annex them to the country on the other j
side. And why did we take these natural bound- :
aries, setting at defiance the old boundaries? The '
simple reason was, that so long as we acted upon 1
the principle of settling the slave question by a ;
geographical line, so long we observed those bound- ,
aries strictly and rigidly; but when that wasaban- ]
doned, inconsequence of theaction of Free-Soilers ,
and Abolitionists—when it was superseded by the .
compromise measures of 1850, which rested upon
great universal principle—there was no neces- !
sity for keeping in view the old and unnatural
boundary. For that reason, in making the new
Territories, we formed natural boundaries irre-
spective of the*source whence our title was de-
rived. In writing these bills 1 paid no attention to
the fact whether the title was acquired from Lou-
isiana, from France, or from Mexico; for what
difference did it make? The principle which we
had established in the bill would apply equally
well to either.
In fixing those boundaries I paid no attention
to the fact whether they included old territory or
not—whether the country was covered by the
Missouri compromise or not. Why? Because
the principles established in the bills superseded
the Missouri compromise. For that reason we
disregarded the old boundaries—disregarded the
territory to which it applied, and disregarded the
source from whence the title was derived. I say,
therefore, that a close examination of this act
clearly establishes the fact that it was the intent
as well as the legal effect ot the compromise
measures of 1850 to supersede the Missouri com-
promise, and all geographical and territorial lines.
Sir, in order to avoid any misconstruction, I
will state more distinctly what my precise idea is
upon this point. So far as the Utah and New
Mexico bills included the territory which had been
subject to the Missouri compromise provision, to
that extent they absolutely annulled the Missouri
compromise. As to the unorganized territory not
covered by those bills, it was superseded by the
principles of the compromise of 1850. We all
know that the object of the compromise meas-
ures of 1850 was to establish certain great prin-
ciples, which would avoid the slavery agitation in
all time to come. Was it our object simply to
provide for a temporary evil? Was it our object
just to heal over an old sore, and leave it to break
out again ? Was it our object to adopt a mere
miserable expedient to apply to that territory,and
that alone, and leave ourselves entirely at sea
without compass when new territory was acquired,
or new terntorial organizations were to be made?
Was that the object for which the eminent and
venerable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
came here and sacrificed even his last energies
upon the altar of his country ? Was that the ob-
ject for which Webster., Clay, Cass, and all
the patriots of that day, struggled so long and
so strenuously? Was it merely the applica-
tion of a temporary expedient in agreeing to stand
by past and dead legislation that the Baltimore
platform pledged us to sustain the compromise of
1850? Was it the understanding of the Whig
party, when they adopted the compromise meas-
ures of 1850 as an article of political faith, that
they were only agreeing to that which was past,
and had no reference to the future? If that was
their meaning—if that was their object—they
palmed olf an atrocious fraud upon the American
people. Was it the meaning of the Democratic
party, when we pledged ourselves to stand by
the compromise of 1850, that we spoke only of
the past, and had no reference to the future? If
so, it was then a fraud. When we pledged our
President to stand by the compromise measures,
did we not understand that we pledged him as
to his future action? Was it as to Ins past con-
duct? If it had been in relation to past conduct
only, the pledge would have been untrue as
to a very large portion of the Democratic party.
Men went into that convention who had been op-
posed to the compromise measures—men who ab-
horred those measures when they were pending—
men who never would have voted affirmatively on
them. But inasmuch as those measures had been
passed, and the country had acquiesced in them,
and it was important to preserve the principle in
order to avoid agitation in the future, these men
said, we waive our past objections, and we will
stand by you and with you iu carrying out these
principles in the future.
Such I understood to be the meaning of the two
great parties at Baltimore. Such I understand to
have been the effect of their pledges. If they did
not mean this, they meant merely to adopt reso-
lutions which were never to be carried out, and
which were designed to mislead and deceive the
people for the mere purpose of carrying an elec-
tion.
I hold, then, that as to the territory covered by
the Utah and New Mexico bills, there was an ex-
press annulment of the Missouri compromise;and
as to all the other unorganized territories, it was
superseded by the principles of that legislation,
and we are bound to apply those principles in the
organization of all new Territories, to all which we
row own, or which we may hereafter acquire.
If this construction be given, it makes that com-
promise a final adjustment. No other construc-
tion can possibly impart finality to it. By any
other construction the question is to be reopened
the moment you ratify a new treaty acquiring an
inch of country from Mexico. By any other con-
struction you reopen the issue every time you
make a new territoral government. But, sir, if
you treat the compromise measures of 1850 in the
light of great principles, sufficient to remedy tem-
porary evils, at the same time that they prescribe
rules of action applicable everywhere in all time
to come, then you avoid the agitation forever, if
you observe good faith to the provisions of these
enactments,and the principles established by them.
Mr. President, 1 repeat, that so far as the ques-
tion of slavery is concerned, there is nothing in the
bill under consideration which does not carry out
the principle of the compromise measures of 1850,
by leaving the people to do as they please, sub-
ject only to the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States. If that principle is wrong, the
bill is wrong. If that principle is right, the bill is
right. It is unnecessary to quibble about phrase-
ology or words; it is not the mere words, the
mere phraseology, that our constituents wish to
judge by. They wish to know the legal effect of
our legislation. y
The legal effect of this bill, if it be passed as re-
ported by the Committee on Territories, is neither
to legislate slavery into these Territories nor out
of them, but to leave the people do as they please,
under the provisions and subject to the limitations
of the Constitution of the United States. Why
should not this principle prevail? Why should
any man, North or South, object to it? I will
especially address the argument to my own sec-
tion of country, and ask why should any northern
man object to this principle? If you will review
the history of the slavery question in the United
States, you will see that all the great results in be-
half of free institutions which have been worked
out, have been accomplished by the operation of
this principle, and by it alone.
When these. States were colonies of Great
Britain, every one of them was a slave-holding
province. When the Constitution of the United
States was formed, twelve out of the thirteen were
slave-holding States. Since that time six of those
States have become free. How has this been
effected ? Was it by virtue of abolition agitation
in Congress? Was it in obedience to the dic-
tates of the Federal Government? Not at all; but
they have become free States under the silent but
sure and irresistible working of that great princi-
ple of self-government which teaches every people
to do that which the interests of themselves and
their posterity morally and pecuniarily may re-
quire.
Under the operation of this principle New
Hampshire became free, while South Carolina
continued to hold slaves; Connecticut abolished
slavery, while Georgia held on to it; Rhode Island
abandoned the institution, while Maryland pre-
served it^J^Tew York, New Jersey, and Pennsyl-
vania abolished slavery, while Virginia, North
Carolina, and Kentucky retained it. Did they do
it at your bidding? Did they do it at the dicta-
tion of the Federal Government? Did they do it
in obedience to any of your Wilmot. provisoes or
ordinances of '87? Not at all; they did it by-
virtue of their right as freemen under the Consti-
tution of the United States, to establish and abol-
ish such institutions as they thought their own
good required.
Let me ask you where have you succeeded in
excluding slavery by an act of Congress from one
inch of the American soil? You may tell me that
you did it in the northwest territory by the ordi-
nance of 1787. I will show you by the history
of the country that you did not accomplish any
such thing. You prohibited slavery there bylaw,
but you did not exclude it in fact. Illinois was a
part of the northwest territory. With the excep-
tion of a few French and white settlements, it was
a vast wilderness, filled with hostile savages, when
the ordinance of 1787 was adopted. 'Yet, sir,
when Illinois was organized into a territorial gov-
ernment if established and protected slavery, and
maintained it in spite of your ordinance, and in
