1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
vance interest for a long period, without consid-
eration. if the amount will be $8,500,OGG when
the time has arrived, what of it? Is not money
now worth in the country five per cent.? -I appre-
hend so. The business community feel that it is
worth far more, and the sum which you have
locked up in your Treasury is imposing burdens
upon the business community, and putingthem to
the necessity of paying one and a half per cent,
per month for money. Still it is here proposed,
without any default on the part of the Govern-
ment, to step forward now to advance nine years'
interest to those with whom we have no contract,
and to whom we are under no obligation.
The amount is a large one. It is one that at-
tracts attention. There may be danger lurking
in its magnitude. It may be supposed that that
induces gentlemen to act upon such matters when
they would not if there were a small amount in-
volved. I am not sure that Shakspeare meant to
charge persons with a lack of proper humanity
when he said;
" Through tatter'd clothes small vices do appear;
Kobes,and furr'd gowns, hide all. Plate s>in with j
And the strong lance of justice hurtless breaks :
Arm it m rags, a pigmy's straw dotli pierce it."
;old,
I do not know that he intended in every instance
to charge against humanity that this was their inten-
tional feeling and intentional course; butmen, with-
out being aware of it, looking to national matters of
this magnitude, sometimes will act differently, and
act apparently with more magnanimity, and more
justice, than when a solitary and, perhaps, humble
individual comes and presents his claim for con-
sideration. I am confident that Senators who ad-
vocate this bill intend to do nothing but what is
right, but they are certainly (perhaps not appre-
ciating the position they occupy) acting differently
upon this large scale from what they do upon a small
one. We have so frequently seen it the case here
that private individuals have asked for the pay-
ment of interest when the debts have been with-
held, and seen that interest refused, that we can-
not help viewing with astonishment the proposition
now to anticipate the obligations of the United
States, and to pay nine years beforehand the in-
terest before it is due.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. I had not the pleasure of
hearing all that my friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
said the other day in his speech on this subject.
I understood him, however, to set up a large claim
against the United States for Indian spoliations.
Now, if we pass this bill, and pay, as we shall
pay under the bill, $1,800,000 over and above the
principal, interest, and premium on the §5,000,000
up to this time, will it be considered to that extent
a credit upon that claim? I have great faith in
the honorable Senator from Texas, and I feel quite
certain that he would not rise before the American
Senate and assert that his State had a claim for a
lar^e amount of money, unless there was some
foundation for it in justice. Now, I wish to ask
him, if we pass this bill, and allow §1,800,000
over and'above the principal, interest, and pre-
mium, up to this time, to what extent would.it be
a payment of the claim for Indian spoliations?
Would it be, admitting for the sake of argument
that the claim for spoliations is just, a payment
pro tanto, and to what extent?
Mr. RUSK. I have a few words to say in an-
swer to the inquiry of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania. I stated the other day, what I
will not repeat except in general terms, that the
State of Texas claimed about $4,000,000 from the
Government of the United States for that amount,
or perhaps a larger amount, expended by the
Republic of Texas prior to annexation, in defend-
ing: herself against Indians whom this Government
acknowledged itself bound to restrain from com-
mitting depredations. These expenditures were
made by Texas in consequence of the violation
by this Government of treaties forbidding its In-
dians to war upon Texas, which violations went
on for eight or nine years.
I also stated that, during the pendency of the
compromise measures, I endeavored to impress
upon the committee the force of this claim for the
benefit of the creditors of Texas. Those expend-
itures constitute a part of the debt now in con-
troversy. No provision in regard to it, however,
was put into that act; and in the releases which
Texas made under the boundary act, she did not
release any claim for these depredations by the
Indians of the United States. Now, sir, I be-
lieve I know pretty well the opinions of the
people of Texas, and it is my decided conviction
that the United States ought in good faith to pay
this amount of money to these creditors; and if I
understand the opinion of the people of Texas,
they would be willing to submit it to any disin,
terested tribunal you may appoint, on, full proo-
to be made, to ascertain the amount of thosf
claims, and to pay them to the creditors of Texase
It is a slight mistake to suppose that the prin-
cipal, interest, and premium on the $5,000,000
appropriated by the act of 1850, amount to only
$6,500,000, because this will certainly not be ad-
justed before the 1st of January next; and at that
time, counting the premium at fourteen per cent.,
the principal, interest, and premium will amount
to §6,700,000. The difference between that amount
and the $8,500,000, which is $1,800,000, would
be an advance. 1 have no sort of doubt in my
mind, that whenever the United States choose to
investigate and settle the claim in regard to the
Indian depredations, Texas will allow that amount
to be deducted from the claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. Before the vote is taken, I
merely wish to state that the effect of the amend-
ment is to put the bill in such ^ shape that Texas
will not accept its principles.
The question being#aken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Butler, Chase, Bodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Gillette, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Shields, Sumner, Thomson of
New Jersey, Wade, Walker, and Weller—18
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, li rod head, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dixon, Evans,
Foot, Houston, James, Join's of .Iowa, Mallory, Pcarce,
Petut, Prait, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian, Smart, and Tou-
cey—25.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made, as in Committee of the
Whole, were concurred in.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask what is the
meaning of the conclusion of the third section? It
may be all right, but 1 do not know that I have
a right view of it. It provides for the surrender
of the evidences of debt, and that the creditors
shall deposit their evidences of debt t( with the
Treasury Department, for the benefit of those
whom it may concern, until otherwise directed by
law." Is it understood that even this is not to be
a final arrangement of this matter, so far as the
Government is concerned, or is it designed that it
shall be a final adjustment?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is intended that it shall be
a final release, so far as the United States are con-
cerned. In preparing that section, the committee
decided that each creditor, on presenting his claim
for payment, should, on receiving the amount that
he or she might be entitled to under the provisions
of this act, enter on the back or face of the evi-
dence thus presented the amount paid, with a full
and final release of the United States forever, and
the same to be left with the Treasurer of the
United States, for the benefit of those interested.
Certainly the United States is finally exonerated.
Mr. WALKER. Then I have no objection to
that phraseology. I ask for the yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 19; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, Brodbead, Cooper. Dawson, Dixon, Kvans, Fish,
Foot, Houston, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Rockwell, Ru*k, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, and Toucey,—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Butler, Chase,Dodge
of Iowa, Fessenden, Gey er, Gillette, Hunter, .Tone* of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Shields, Slide!!, Sumner, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, Walker, and Weller—19.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
DAVID TOWLE.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives to
create and provide a pension for David Towle.
It proposes to place his name on the pension
roll, at eight dollars per month, from the 5th of
April, 1848.
The petitioner, on, the 14th of .April, I8l4*,en*
listed for one year as corporal in .the company, o£
Captain Noah Haley, in the thirty-third regimes
of United States infantry,commanded by-Goto^,
Isaac Lane, $nd on the 25th of May joined, his
regiment at Saco, in Maine, and'was afterwards
marched to Boston, Massachusetts; oft
the 14th of August, was ordered for Concord, a
march of eighty miles in excessive hot weather.
During the march, he became so exhausted and
worn down by the fatigue and heat, that an. in-
flammation of the kidneys and stoppage oT the
urine was produced, which eventuated inachroni©
disease of the kidneys and ureter, by which he is
wholly disabled from obtaining a living by man-
ual labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read &
third time, and passed.
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA ACT.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to take up for consid-
eration the resolution which f submitted on Sat-
urday last, to provide for printing ten thousand
copies of the Kansas and Nebraska act.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that that should hot
be taken up now. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] has given notice of an amendment to it,
and I know that he has made some preparation
with a view to that proposition. The Senate
may not be precisely aware of it, and therefore I
mention the fact. Of course the Senator from
Ohio did not expect that this motion would come
up this evening.
Mr. JON ES, of Iowa. Why ?
Mr. SUMNER. For the reason that we were
in Executive session, and he supposed we should
continue in Executive session during the whole of
the day.
Mr. PETTIT. This resolution has been pend-
ing few* some time, and that objection has been
made half a dozen times, when 1 proposed to call
it up. I krtow what the Senator from Ohio wishes
to do. He desires to amend the resolution by
providing for printing:, with the bill, all the amend*
ments which he and everybody else offered, to-
gether with all their votes upon them, which
would make a big book, and I am satisfied the
Senate would not agree to print it. He can offer
it as an original proposition, and test the sense of
the Senate upon it. If his amendment ,were
adopted, the book could not be printed until after
the adjournment. I want this bill printed in
order to put an end to the falsification that the
true bill has not been published. I ask the Senate
to sustain their action, and to show to the people
, an authenticated copy of what they have enacted,
j It is complained in every part of the country that
I they have not got that now. I ask the Senate
now to take up the resolution, and order this
printing, so that we may have it before we leave.
The motion to take up the resolution wasagreed
to, and the Senate proceeded to consider it.
Mr. CASS. I wish the honorable Senator
from Indiana would add to the number. I have
received many letters on that very point. The
law is not within the reach of the community,
| and we cannot do them any more proper and
| acceptable service than to give them the means of
! obtaining it. I would rather say twenty thou-
l-sand. The additional cost will not be much. It
I will make but a small pamphlet.
; Mr. PETTIT. I have no objection to making
j the amount twenty thousand. I accept that
j amendment.
I TKe resolution, as modified, was agreed to, as
! follows:
| Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the ICansa« and
! Nebraska act, certified by the Secretary of State, be printed
I in pamphlet form for the use of the Senate.
| SALARIES OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
; Mr. DOUGLAS. I am directed by the Coro-
■ mittee on Territories, to whom was referred the
: House bill to increase the salaries of executive
I and judiciary officers in Oregon, New Mexico,
> Washington, Utah, and Minnesota,, to report it
I back without amendment, and recommend its
I also ask for its immediate considera-
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. Jt proposes to fix the
salaries of the chief justice and associate judges
for Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New Mexico,
at $2,500; and of the chief justice and associate
