280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 80,
the fact turns out to be that it was not signed by
a single Whig or Democratic member from Ohio.
Now, I ask the friends and theopponents-of this
measure to look at it as it is. Is not the question
involved the simple one, whether the people of the
Territories shall be allowed to do as they please
upon the question of slavery, subject only to the
limitations-of the Constitution? That is all the
bill provides; and it does so in clear, explicit, and
unequivocal terms. I know there are some men,
Whigs and Democrats, who, not willing to repu-
diate the Baltimore platform of their own party,
would be willing to vote for this principle, pro-
vided they could do so in such equivocal terms
that they could deny that it means what it was in-
tended to mean in certain localities. I do not wish
tp deal in any equivocal language. If the principle
is right, let it be avowed and maintained. If it is
wrong, let-it be repudiated. Let all this quibbling
about the Missouri compromise, about the terri-
tory acquired from France, about the act of 1850,
be cast behind you; for the simple question is,
will you allow the people to legislate for them-
selves upon the subject of slavery? Why should
you not?
When you propose to give them a territorial
government do you not acknowledge that they
ought to be erected into a political organization;
and when you give them a Legislature do you
not acknowledge that they are capable of self-
government? Having made that acknowledge
ment,why should you not allow them to exercise
the rights of legislation ? Oh, these Abolitionists
say they are entirely willing to concede all this,
with one exception. They say they are willing
to trus£ the Territorial Legislature, under the lim-
itations of the Constitution, to legislate upon the
rights of inheritance, to legislate m regard to reli-
gion, education, and morals, to legislate in regard
to the relations of husband and wife, of parent
and child, of guardian and ward, upon everything
pertaining to the dearest rights and interests of
white men, but they are not willing to trust them
to legislate in regard to a few miserable negroes.
That is their single exception. They acknowledge
that the people of the Territories are capable ofde-
cidingfor themselves concerning white men,but not
in relation to negroes. The real gist of the matter
is this: Does it require any higher degree of civil-
ization, and intelligence, and learning, and saga-
city, to legislate for negroes than for white men?
If it does, we ought to ado.pt the abolition doc-
trine? and go with them against this bill. If it
does not^-if we are willing to trust the people
with the great, sacred, fundamental right of pre-
scribing their own institutions, consistent with the
Constitution of the country, we must vote for
this bill as reported by the Committee on Terri-
tories. That is the only question involved m the
bill, i hope I have been able to strip it of nil the
misrepresentation, to wipe away all of that mist
and obscurity with which itjmstbeen surrounded
by this Abolition address.
* I have now said all 1 have to say upon the
present occasion. For all, except the first ten
minutes of these remarks, the Abolition confed-
erates are responsible. My object, in the first
Elace, was only to explain the provisions of the
ill, so that they might be distinctly understood.
I was willing to allow its assailants to attack it as
much as they pleased, reserving to myself the right,
when the time should approach for taking the
vote, to answer, in a concluding speech, all the
arguments which might be urged against it. I
still reserve—what I believe common courtesy and
parliamentary usage awards to the chairman of a
committee and the author of a bill—the right of
summing up, after all shall have been said which
has to be said against this measure.
I hope the compact which was made on last
Tuesday, at the suggestion of these Abolitionists,
when the bill was proposed to be taken up, will
be observed. It was that rhe bill, when taken up
to-day, should continue to be considered from day
to day until finally disposed of. I hope they will
not repudiate and violate that compact as they
have the Missouri compromise and all others
which have been entered into. I hope, therefore,
that we may press the bill to a vote; but not by
depriving persons of an opportunity of speaking.
1 am in favor of giving every enemy of the bill
the most ample time. Let us hear them all pa- j
tiently, and.toen take the vote and pass the bill. ,
We who are in favor of it know that the princi- i
pie on which it is based is right. Why then
should we gratify the Abolition party in their
efrhit to get up another political tornado of fanat-
icism, and put the country again in peril, merely
for the puipose of electing a few agitatois to the
Congress of the United States ?
We intend to stand by the principle of theconv
prpmise measures of I860—that principle which
lost the Presidency to the Senator from Michigan
[Mr.Cass] in 1848, but which triumphed in 1850,
although he had been a martyr in the cause—that
principle to which the Democracy are pledged, not
merely by the Baltimore platform, but by a higher
and a more solemn obligation, to which they are
pledged by the loveand affection which they have
for that greatfundamental principle of Democi'acy
and free institutions which lies at the basis of our
creed, and gives every political community the
right to govern itself in obedience to the Consti-
tution of the country.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President,! had some inti-
mation, coming to the Senate Chamber this morn-
ing, of the diatribe whichtheSenator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas ] has now pronounced. I wasaware
that an assault was to be made upon us. Well,
sir, the a&sault has been made. The Senator has
paraded his battery; he has fired his guns; we have
heard the noise; we are in the midst of the s*noke;
but nobody is hurt. We are still here; we yet
survive; and i doubt not we shall long survive all
such attacks as that which he has now been
pleased to make.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois charges
that the address, upon which he has been pleased
| to comment in terms which befit any other place
j than the Senate Chamber—however low that place
may be—was concocted in what he chooses to
call an Abolition caucus held upon Sunday. Aye,
sir, with a generosity, peculiarly his own, he has
availed himself of a mere error of date, and piously
holds up to public reprobation the gentlemen who
! have signed that address as violating the sacred-
| ness of the Sabbath day, that day for which he
' cherishes, doubtless, a peculiar leverence. And
yet, at the very moment of making this charge,
he refutes it by another, asserting that this very
appeal was printed in the New York Times and
other New York papers on the Monday morning
following that very Sunday. Did he not know
| that it was impossible that the document could
| have been prepared and signed here on Sunday
and published in New York on Monday morning?
Well, sir, the Senator further charges that a false
statement has been put forth in connection wiih
this address. That false statement, as he alleges,
was this: that theappeal was signed by a majority
of the members from the State of Ohio. He
thinks that the design was to catch some"soft-
i footed Democrats." "Soft-footed Democrats ! "
Aye, that is the phrase by which he chooses to
mark all Democrats who will vote against this bill.
I trust he will find that such Democrats are a little
more numerous than he seems now to imagine.
I do not know how many there may be. J pass
that. What I have now to deal with is the Sena-
tor's charge, and that I pronounce utterly ground-
less.
The simple facts are these: The appeal was
prepared upon consultation among the Independent
Democrats who signed it. It was afterwaids
suggested that it should be signed by the Senators
and a number of the Representatives from Ohio,
and sent forth as an address to the people of that
State. It was signed by my colleague and my-
self, with that view; but some alterations being
required by certain Representatives, which could
not be made without inconvenient delay, it was
determined to issue the document with the sig-
naiures only of the gentlemen by whom it was
originated, and in the form originally proposed,
as an appeal to the whole country. That is the
plam story. The address bears no signatures
other than those of the Independent Democrats,
whom the Senator chooses to style " the Abolition
confederates." By no one of them was it ever
represented to be otherwise signed. Some gentle-
men connected with the press, however, hearing
of the purpose that it should be signed by more
or less of the delegation from Ohio, have sent it
abroad with, a statement that it was thus signed
in fact, I have a note in my hand which the
corresponding editor in this city of the New York
j Times has just sent me from the reporters' gal-
: lery, in which he states how the mistaken state-
ment went into that paper. 1 will not trouble the
Senate with the reading of it; but I will send it
to the reporter, to be printed with these remarks.
My colleague is in his seat, and knows the truth
of what I speak.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I heard the address
half read, and. jmlgmg of its quality by its sam-
ple, I signed it. Judging it by that sample, and by
what has been made known by the Senator from
Illinois, I now indorse every word of it, for I be-
lieve it is perfectly trueand correct. It was issued
without my signature, for the reasons assigned by
my colleague.
Mr. CHASE. Not only, Mr. President, were
none of us who are connected with this address re-
sponsible in any degree for any of those newspaper
statements, but it is also true that the moment I
learned that a statemei-tattributing the address to the
Ohio delegation was likely to appear m the New
York Times, I requested the correspondent of that
paper to telegraph the actual names of the signers
for the very purpose of preventing any misappre-
hension. And yet the Senator represents me as
having sent this document to the State of Ohio
with this misrepresentation. The very reverse of
this is true. When I found how it appeared in
the New York papers, I telegraphed at once to
friends'm Ohio not to publish the address with
any such statements. 1 do not know how it has
appeared there. 1, know only that 1 have sent
none of these documents anywhere to be pubhshecS
with any other signatures than those actually ap-
pended to them. And yet the Senator comes
here into this Chamber, and charges Senators with
false statements, intended forspecial effect in Ohio,
in relation to the signatures to this appeal. There
is not a particle of foundation for the charge. Sir, i
do not envy him either the spirit which prompted
it, or the position which he occupies, having
madeit.
Well, sir, the Senator proceeded to take excep-
tion to the character and scope of the whole doc-
ument. He says that we, forsooth, have held him
up to the country in this address as guilty of cer-
tain great and enormous crimes. Why, sir, any
man who reads the address will see that m no
part of it, from first to last, except in a brief note
appended, is the Senator mentioned at all. So 
far as I am responsible for the document, either by
signature or authorship, I tell the Senator he was
not in all my thoughts. He exaggerates his im-
portance when he supposes that we had him,
rather than any other member of the committee,
specially in view. Sir, I know the gigantic stat-
ure of the Senator; I know the weight and import-
ance which he possesses in the country; I know
that he has a great and powerful party surround-
ing him; and I know also the great disadvantages
under which I enter into any contfoversy which
he provokes. I am in a minority. I know thai
full well. It is no very pleasant position. But I
dare do that which I should like to seethe Senator
also do. I dare adhere to principle, even though
that adherence must carry me into a minority.
It is very true, Mr. President, that the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and myself
are but two in a body of sixty-two. We know
that upon the great question which we feel our-
selves bound to piess upon the consideration of
the American people we have not the sympathies
of this body with us. But we can proudly chal-
lenge scrutiny of our action, and defy the produc-
tion of an invStano.e in ^vhich we have been illiberal
to those from whom we differ. When have we
stopped to inquire whether the interests to be ef-
fected by our votes were those of the North or the
Swuth ? When did we fail to give to any proper
measure for the benefit of any southern State or
citizen a prompt, an earnest, and a cordial sup-
port? When did we ever offer a sectional o},>po-
sition to any nomination sent here? Upon what
occasion did we ever discriminate, by sectional
lines, between interestsor men? Why, then, are
we to be thus assailed ?
Sir, our offense is, that we deny the nationality
of slavery. No man can show that we have ever
sought to interfere with the legislation of any
State of the Union upon that subject. All that
we have ever insisted upon is, that the Territories
of this Union shall be preserved from slavery; and
that where the General Government exercises ex-
clusive jurisdiction, its legislation shall be on the
side of liberty. It is because we defend these posi-
tions that the Senator from I llinois attacks us. He
