1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
'if4#
vote by which the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] was rejected.
I voted against that amendment, but upon reflec-
tion 1 am satisfied that it was an inconsiderate vote.
I desire that the amendmenYoffered by the Sena-
tor from Ohio shall be reached, and I desire to
record my vote in favor of the amendment, and
then to vote for the bill. 1 will say in addition
that, in my opinion, it will have the effect to secure
with greater certainty the passage of the bill in
the other House.
f will state my object again so that Senators
may fully understand it. it is to reach the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio, to strike
out " eight" and insert "six," so as to provide
for the payment-of §6,500,000, which is the ori-
ginal amount of the $5,000,000 provided for by
the act of 1850, with interest and premium to this
time.
Mr. BRIGHT. CJpon that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Chase, Clay, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,
Geyer, Hamlm, Mason, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Wade, Walker, andWeller—18.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alien, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, Brodhead, Dawson, Dixon, Evans,Gwin, Houston,
James, Johnson, Jones uf Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mdl-
lory, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Sebastian, and Stuart—Q*2.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to,
and the bill stands passed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CASS presented documents in relation to
the claim of J. G. Schwarr, late consul of the
United States at Vienna, praying compensation
for diplomatic services; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Lorenzo
Sabine and one hundred and sixty-three others,
citizens of Framingham, Massachusetts, praying
the repeal of the fugitive slave bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of men of Massachusetts, pray-
ing the repeal of the act of Congress of 1850, known
as the fugitive slave bill; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of cit-
izens of the United States, praying an appropria-
tion for the repair of the wharves and piers at
Marcus Hook, on the Delaware river, m the State
of Pennsylvania; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the niemoiial
of James Thompson, of Louisville, Kentucky,
surviving partner of Strader & Thompson, pray-
ing indemnity for losses sustained by reason of
the violation of their contract for carrying the
mail, by the Post Office Department; which, to-
gether with a memorial already on file in relation
to the same claim, was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. SLIDELL. Since the Committee on For-
eign Relations made a report on the petition of
Mr. Santord, charge d'affaires at Pans, 1 have ;
received, in regard to a portion of his claim, ad- j
ditional information, i therefore move that the i
bill reported for his relief, together with the report, j
be recommitted to the Committee on Foreign Re- ;
lalions, with the additional papers which I now j
present. !
The motion was agreed to. i
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House of Repre- j
sentatives, were severally read a first and second j
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee •<
on Military Affairs:
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mac3?ay, j
widow of the late Colonel/Eneas Mackay, deputy
quartermaster general of the United States Army; j
A bill for the relief of David C. Cash and Giles j
U. Ellis; and !
A bill authorizing the payment of the balance :
of the property accounts between the United ,
States and the State of New York, for military j
stores in the war of 1812.
The bill from the House, for the relief of the
heirs of Joseph Gerard, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
ROBERT GRIGNON.
The bill from the Houseof Reprc?enfntsvr-\ V
the relief of Robert Grignon, was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. WALKER. I think there is no neces-
sity for the reference of that bill. If I understand
it, it is one which has once or twice passed the
Senate heretofore. I will ask my honorable col-
league if it is not?
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. It is; and I hope
it will be disposed of immediately.
Mr. WALKER. Then I ask the Senate to
put the billupon its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Robert Grignon, the sum of
$19,000, in full satisfaction of his claims against
the United States arising out of the treaty with
the Menomonee tribe or nation of Indians, exe-
cuted September 3, 1836, but before the money is
paid the consent of the Menomonee tribe shall be
obtained.
The bill was reported to the Senate, without
j amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
| third time', and passed.
I CAPTAIN GEORGE SIMPTON.
The bill from the*House of Representatives,
1 for the relief of Captain George Simpton, of Gal-
. veston, was read a first and second time by its
title.
: Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senate will agree
j to put that bill upon its passage now. It has
1 been pending for several years. The claim was
| originally reported for $3,000, and the bill has now
, passed the House of Representatives proposing
to allow $1,600. As there can be no question as
to the propriety of the payment, I hope the bill
will be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Captain Simpton $1,600, in full payment of his
claim for indemnification for loss of schooner
Alert, whilst in the public service, during the war
with Mexico.
In the month of March, 1847, the French bark
Jeune Nelty, of Havre, was captured as a prize
by the United States steamer Hunter, commanded
by Captain McLaughlin, while attempting to vio-
late the blockade of "Vera Cruz. George Simpton,
being the owner of a schooner called the Alert,
was at that time employed by the quartermaster
to carry provisions from Sacrificios to Camp Ba-
gara for the use of the division of the army under
the command of General Twiggs. After the cap-
ture of the French bark, the services of Captain
Simpton, who was an efficient seaman and a skill-
ful and experienced pilot, wete required by Cap-
tain McLaughlin for the purpose of taking the
Hunter, with her prize, into harbor. The cap-
ture was made late in the evening of the 20th
March, and the wind being light, Captain Mc-
Laughlin ordered the vessels to be taken into the
anchorage under Green Island, to remain until
the morning. Before this was done, a severe
" norther" sprung up, and the pilot was ordered
to take the vessels into the harbor. While at- >
tempting to execute this order, the three vessels '•
were dnveti upon a reef by the violence of the
winds, although prompt and vigorous efforts were
made by the officers and crew to savethem. The
Hunter, with her prize, and the schooner Alert, ;
were all wholly lost, the officers and men escaping ,
with great difficulty. Captain Simpton now asks i
that he may be indemnified for the loss of his j
vessel. j
If this loss had occurred while in the perform- j
anceofhis contract with the Government for the
transportation of supplies for the army from Sac-
rificios to Bagara, the Government would have
incurred no responsibility for such loss; but as j
Captain Simpton was called from his duties under I
his contract, by the officer in command of the \
Hunter, to render assistance in securing a valua- I
ble prize, and his own vessel was lost while thus ,
employed in the public service, the committee \
think that he is entitled to relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a !
third time, and passed. j
PAMELA BROWN. ;
A message was received from the House of j
Representatives, by Mr McKeak, Chief Clerk, 1
announcing that they had passed a 'bilhfor the
lief of Pamela Brown, widow of Major Gfeoersl
Jacob Browa, of.the,United S.tates Army, de-
ceased. , * . .
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope thathi%
its passage. , . ]
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is exactly the same
as the bill which has already passed the Senate,. .
«. Mr. CASS. The passage of the bill wojul&cbe
no more than a proper testimonial to,the.memory
of General Brown. The House of &epresenta-
tives have diminished one half the amount of pen-
sion. His widow has been in a state of penury,5
and now,, as a proper mark of our gratitude for
his services, we ought to pass this bin, and as a
testimonial for what he did, and for those glorious
| feats of arms which he achieved in the service'.of
his country.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous .consent, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the "Inte-
rior to place the name of Pamela Brown Upon the
roll of pensioners of the United States, at the"rate
of fifty dollars per month, to commence on the 1st
' day of January, 1828, and to continue duringlife.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
BOSTON, PHILADELPHIA, AND NEW YORK
COURT-HOUSES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate, to
provide for the accommodation of the courts of
the United States in the district of Massachusetts.
The bill as it passed the Senate was as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby is,
authorized and empowered to provide necessary and per-
manent accommodations for the courts of the United States,
and the officers connected with them, in the district of
Massachusetts, by fitting up and leasing the same for a term
ot not less than Win years, or by purchase; provided that
no purchase shall take place except within the limits "of at!
appropriation to be made by Congress. ;
The amendments of the House were to strike
out "Secretary of the Interior,"and insert "Pres-
ident of the United States."
To strike out after the word "necessary" the
words "and permanent;" to insert after the word
" Massachusetts " the words "and in the cities of
New York and Philadelphia."
To strike out the words " for a term of not less
than ten years, or by purchase; provided that no
' purchase shall take place except within the limits
i of an appropriation to be made by Congress,"
i and insert " until permanent accommodations can
! be provided as hereinafter proposed."
. And to add an additional section; so that the
bill, as passed by them, reads as follows:
Be it enacted, tyc., That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and empowered to provide
! necessury accommodations for the courts of the United
j States, and the officers connected with them, in thedistrict
; of Massachusetts, and in the cities of New York and Phil-
! adelphia, by fitting up And leasing the same until perma-
nent accommodations can be procured as hereinafter pro-
. posed.
; Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President be
authorized to procure, by purchase or otherwise, suitable
sites for buildings to be used as court-houses and po?t offi-
i ces, m the cities of Boston, New York, and Philadelphia,
and that he prepare and submit to Congress, at as early a
day as practicable, plans and estimates for the same.
The title was amended so as to read:
Bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States in the districts of Mas-
' sachusetts, Pennsylvania, and New York.
! Mr. BRIGHT. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I Mr. SUMNER and Mr. BRODHEAD. I
hope not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should feel exactly as the
Senators from Massachusetts and Pennsylvania
feel, if there was an appropriation in the bill for a
6'ourt-house at the capital of the State which I
represent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill authorizes no
, appropriation. The doings of the President under
it are to be submitted to Congress, and then the
whole matter will come up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have read the bill, and I have
heard the amendment read. I want the same privi-
lege extended to every State in the Union that is
proposed to be extended by it to New York, Phil-
adelphia, and Boston. There is no reason why
an appropriation should not be made for every city,
