1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
thinks that he can take advantage of his position
in the country—that he can take advantage of his
connection with a great and powerful political or-
ganization, and assail us with little hazard. It is !
safe to attack opponents who stand, as we stand,
without the supports he counts upon. Ay, sir, that
shows courage, that shows chivalry, that shows
hi§h honor, that shows lofty manhood—to assail
the few and the unsupported. I tell the Senator
from Illinois that we did not assail him. We did
not any a word about him from the beginning to
the end of our appeal. He was named only in
the postcript, and then merely as tfie author of
the bill. We spoke of the bill. We spokeof its
character. We said nothing about the character
of the individuals who were its authors; anybody
may see that who chooses to read the address.
In the whole discussion of the matter in contro-
versy, we confined ourselves in that appeal strictly
and closely to the merits of the case. And now,
sir, here, in this Chamber, before this audience,
I reaffirm every word and every syllable of that j
appeal. I make no personal imputations; I make !
no personal charges; I do not follow the example j
which has been set here to-day, but which, in my j
judgment, is not fit to be followed ^nywhere; but |
f reaffirm and reiterate, distinctly and emphati- |
cally, every word and every syllable of that ad-"|
dress. I thank the Senator from Illinois for having >
brought it so prominently before the country. It i
will now reach thousands and tens of thousands j
who would not have read it but for the discussion j
which has taken place here to-day. It will be j
seen, re id,and judged by the people, and they !
will determine for themselves whether or not its j
doctrine be sound and its facts truly stated. i
In this appeal " we arraign this bill as a gross 1
violation of a sacred pledge." The Senator from j
Illinois thinks that the pledge of the Missouri J
compromise was nothing worth. Wethink it was !
of vast consequence, and absolutely binding; and, i
as the bill proposes to abrogate it, we do not choose j
soft words, but characterize it at once as it deserves.
We arraign it also as "a criminal betrayal of .
precious rights." Well, what rights are precious
if those secured to free labor and free laborers in j
that vastTerritory are not5 What can be criminal,
if it be not criminal to subvert these rights for the
purpose of giving room to slavery? When the
bill proposes to reach this bad end by the baseless
declaration that the Missouri prohibition is super-
seded by the principles of the legislation of 1850—
a singular mode of repeal that—we call it "a
criminal betrayal of precious rights."
The appeal goes on to denounce the bill as
" part and parcel of an atrocious plot to exclude
from avast unoccupied region emigrants from the
Old World, and free laborers from our own States,
and convert it into a dreary region of despotism,
inhabited by masters and slaves." Well,suppose
this Territory opened to slavery. Who does not
know that upon the western borders of Missouri
there are many slaveholders restrained now by ,
the prohibition, but eager to enter the new Tern- 1
tory with their slaves? Who does not know that
the effect of the introduction of slaves will be the
exclusion of free laborers, and, to a great extent,
of the emigrants from Europe? Why, sir, in my
judgment, & concerted movement by slavery con-
federates to open this great Territory, larger by
twelve times than the whole State of Ohio—larger
than ail the existing free States, with the excep-
tion of California—to the ingress of slavery, is
mildly characterized by the language of the ap-
peal. But I will not further review this document.
It will appear with these remarks, and will speak
for itself.
I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to hear
me at another time in reply to the argument of
the Senator from Illinois. I have set myself right
in respect to the two or three points, which the im-
putations of the Senator made it necessary for me
to notice. I am ready to meet his argument at any
time; but it is too late to enter upon it to-day. I
shall ask, however, the attention of the Senate,
at an early day, while I demonstrate that the pro-
hibition of 182U was a compact; that it was not
lepealed by the compromise of 1850; that not a
single word was uttered in this Chamber, or in
the other House, or any where through the whole
land, indicating any idea or purpose on the part of
anybody that those measures were to operate as
such a repeal; and that when the Senator vouches
theauthority of Clay and Webster to sustain him,
he vouches authorities which would rebuke him,
could those statesmen speak from their graves.
I will detain the Senate no longer.  
[Appeal of the Independent Democrats in Congress to the
People oj the United States.
shall slavery be permitted in nebraska.''
Washington, January 19, 1854.
Fellow-Citizens : As Senators and Representatives in
the Congress ot the United States, it is our duty to warn
our constituents whenever imminent danger menaces the
freedom of our institutions or tlie peitnanency ot our Union.
Such danger, as we hrmiy believe, now impends, and we
earnestly bOlicit your prompt attention to it.
At the last session of Congress, a bill tor the organization
of the Territory of Nebraska passed the House uf Repre-
sentatives with an overwhelming majority. That bill was
based on the principle of excluding tlaveiy from the new
Territory. It was not taken up for consideration in the
Senate, and consequently failed to become a law.
At the piesent fces&ion, a new Nebraska lull has been re-
•ported by the Senate Committee on Territories, which,
should it unhappily receive ihe sanction of Congiess, will
open all the unorganized terutory ol the Union to the in-
gress of slavery.
We arraign this bill as a gross violation of a sacred pledge;
as a criminal betrajal ot pieciousiights; as part and paicel
of an atrocious plot to exclude ironi a va>t unoccupied re-
gion immigrants fiom the Old World, and fiee laborers
trom our own States, and convert it into a dreary region of
despotism, inhabited by masters and slaves.
Take your maps, ft llow citizens, we entreat you, and see
what ecfuntrv it is which this bill, gratuitously and reck-
lessly, proposes to open to slaveiy.
From the southwestern corner ofMissouii pursue the
parallel of 36° 3u' north latitude, westerly across the Ar
kau as, across ihe noith fork of Canadian, to the tioith-
eastern angle of Texas; then following the northern bound-
ary ot Texas to the western limit ol New Mexico; then
proceed along that western line to its northern termination;
then again turn wesiwaidlv, and lollow the northern line of
New Mexico to the crest ot the Rocky Mountains; then as-
cend northw.udl) along the crest of that mountain ranee to
the line which separates the United States from the British
pof sessions m North America,on the 49th parallel of north
latitude, then pursue your course ea&tw.irdly along th.it
line to the White Earth river, winch faho into the Mis&ouu
from the noith; descend ihat ttver to us confluence with
the Missouri; descend the Missouri, along the western bor-
der ol Ahnne&ota, ot iowa, ol Missouri, to the point wheie
it ceases to be a boundary line, and enters ihe Stale to
which it gives its name; then continue \our southward
course along the western limit ol ibat State to the point
from which you set out. You have now made the circuit
of the proposed Territory of Nebraska. You have tra
versed the vast distance of more than three ihousand miles.
You have traced the outline ot an area of four hundred and
eightly five thousand square miles; more than twelve times
as great as that of Ohio.
Tins immense region, occupying the very heart of the
North American continent, and larger, by thirty-three
thousand squaie unless, than all the existing free States, ex-
cluding Caltlorma—-ihis immense region, well waieied and
fertile, through which the middle and noithern routes Irom
the Atlantic to the Pacific must pass—this immense region,
einbiacmg all the unorganized territoiy ol the nation, except
the comparatively insignificant district of Indian territory
noith ot Red river and between Arkansas and Texas, and
now for more than thirty years regaided In tlie common
consent ot the American people as consecrated tolreedoiri
by statute and by compact—tins immense region, the bill
now before the Senate, without reason and without excuse,
but in flagrant disregard of sound policy and sacred faith,
purpuses to open to slavery.
We beg jour attention, fellow-citizens, to a few historical
facts.
The ongmal settled policy ot tlie United States, clearly
indicated by ihe Jefferson provi-o of 17tl, and by ihe ordi
i nance ol l'<87, was noil extension <'f slaveiy.
j In 3803, Louisiana was acquired by purchase from
I France. At that nine there were some twenty five or
thirty thousand slaves in this Territory, most of them
within what is now the State of Louisiana; a few only,
further north, on the west bank of the Mississippi. Con-
giess instead of providing for the abolition of slavery in this
new Territory, permitted its continuance, in 1812 the
Slate of Louisiana was organized and admitted into the
Union with slavery.
In 181^, six years later, the inhabitants of the Territory
of Missouri applied to Concress for authority to form a
State constitution, and loradmi«&ioinntothe Union. There
were, at that time, in tlie whole teintory acquited from
France, outside of the State ol Louisiana, not three thou-
sand slaves.
There was no apoloyy m the circumstances of tlie coun-
try tor the continuance of slavery. The original national
policy was against Jt, and, not less, the phun language ol
the tieaiy under which the teintory had been acquired tiom
France.
It was proposed, therefore, to incorporate in the bill au-
thorizing the formation of a State government, a provision
requiring that tne constitution of the new State should con
tain an article providing for the abolition of exiting slavery,
and prohibiting the further introduction of slaves.
Tins provision was vehemently and pertinaciously op
posed, but finally pie vailed in the House of Representatives
by a decided vote. In the Senate it was injected, and, in
consequence of the disagieement between the two Houses,
the bill was lost.
At the next session of Congress the controversy was re-
newed with increased violence. It was terminated, at
length, by a compromise. Missoun was allowed to come
iiilo the Union with slavery ; but a section was inserted in
the acf authorizing her admission excluding slavery for-
ever from all the terutory acquired from France, nut in-
cluded in the new State, lying uoiih ot tfO".
We quote the prohibitory section :*
"Sfc:o.8. Beit further enacted, That in all that territory
ceded by France to ihe United States, under the name of
Louisiana, which lies norm of 36® and 30' of north latitude,
not included within the limits of the Slate contemplated by
this act, slavery and involuntary servitude, otheiwise than
as the punishment of crimes, shall be and is hereby forever
prohibited." .
I i e question of the constitutionality of thi* prohibition
was submitted by President Monroe to his Cabinet. John
Uu-ncy Adams was then Secretary of State; John C. Cal-
houn was Secretary of War; William H. Crawford wafc
Secretary of the Treasury; and William Wirt was Attor-
ney General. Each of these eminent men, three of them
being from slave States, gave a written opinion, affirming
its constitutionality, and thereupon the act received the
sanetion of tlie President himself, also from a slave State.
Nothing is more certain in history than the fact that Mis~"
sown could not have been admitted as a slave State had"
not certain members from tbe free States been reconciled
to tlie measure by the incorporation of this prohibition into
the act of admission. Nothing is more certain than that
this prohibition has been regarded and accepted by the
whole country as a solemn compact against the extension
of slavery into any part of the territory acquired from
France, tying north of 36' 30', and not included in the new\
State of Missouri. Th« same act—let it be ever remem-
bered—which authorized the formation of a constitution for
the State, without a clause forbidding slavery, consecrated,"
be>ond question, and beyond honest recall, the'wbole re-
mainder of the territory to freedom and free institutions for-
ever. For more than thirty years—during more than 'half-
the period of ournational existence under our present Con-
iturion-"—ihis compact has been universally regarded and
acted upon as inviolable American law. In conformity
with it, Iowa was admitted as a free State, and Minnesota
has been oiganizcd as a free Territoiy.
It is a strange and oiftinousfact, well calculated to awaken
the worst apprehensions, and the most fearful forebodings
of future calamities, that it is now deliberately purposed to
repeal this prohibition, by implication or direcily— Ihe lat-
ter certainly the manlier way—and thus vto subvert this-
compact, and allow slavery m all the yet unorganized ter-
ritory.
We cannot, in this address, review the various pretences
under which it i*- attempted to cloak this monstrous vviong.;
but we must not altogether omit to notice one.
It is said that the Territory ol Ncbraskasustainsthe same
relations to slavery a- did the territory acquired from Mex-
ico prior to 1850, and that Ihe pro-slavery clauses of thebilf
are necessary to carry into efiect the compromises of that
year.
No assertion could be more groundless.
Three acquisitions of territory have been made by treaty.
The first wa>. fi-om Fiance. Out of this territory have beeri
created the three slave States of Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Missouri, and the single fiee State ol" Iowa. The contro-
versy which aiosein relation to the then unorganized por-
tion of this territory was closed in 1820 by the Missouri
act, containing the slaveiy prohibitions has been already,
stated. This controversy related only to territory" acquired
from France. The act by which it wai tenni/iated was
confined, by its own express terms, to the same territory,
and had no relation to any other.
The second acquisition was from,Spain. Florida, the
territory thus, acquired, was yielded to slavery without a
struggle, and almost without a murmur.
The thud was from Mexico. The controversy which
aiose from this acquisition is fresh m the remembiance of
the American people. sOut of it sprung the acts of Con-
gress, commonly known as the compromise measures of
1850, by one of which California was admitted as a free
Slate ; while iwo others, organizing the Territories of New.
Mexico and Utah, exposed all the residue of the recently,
acquired territoiy to the invasion of slavery.
These acts were never supposed to'abrogate or touch tbe
existing exclusion of slaver) trOm what is now called Ne-
biaska. They applied to the territory acquired from Mex-
ico, and to that only. They were intended as a settlement
of the contioveisy growing out of that acquisition, and of
that controversy only. They must stand or fall by their
own merits.
The statesmen whose powerful support carried the Utah
and New Mexico acts never dreamed that their provisions
would ever be applied to Nebiaska. Even at ihe la^t ses-
sion oi Congress, Mr. Atelnson, of Mi-^souu, in a speech
in favor of taking up the former Nebraska bill, on the
morning of the 4th of March, 1853, said: "It is evident
that the Missouri compromise cannot be repealed. So far
as thai question is concerned, we might as wellagieeto
the admission of this Territory now as next year, or five,
or ten Years hence." These words could not have fallen
from this watchful g'iardia  of slavery had he supposed"
that ilus Territory was embraced by the pro-slavery provis-
ions of the compromise acts. This pretension had not
then been set up. It is a palpable afterthought.
The compromise acts themselves refute this pretension,
fn the third aiticle of the second see ion-of the joint reso-
lution for annexing Texas to the United .States, it is ex-
pressly declared lhat in such State or States as shall be
formed out of said territoiv north of said Missouri compro-
mise hue, slavery or involuntary servitude, except for
crime, shall be prohibited ;"f and in the act for organizing
New Mexico and settling the boundary of Texas, a proviso
was incorporated, on the motion ot-Mr. Mason, ol Vir-
ginia which distinctly preserves this prohibition, and flouts
the barefaced pretension that all the territory of the United
States whether south or north of the Missouri coinpia-
mise line, is to be open to slavery. It is as follows :
" Proiided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to impair or qualify anything contained in the third
ariicie of the second section o( the joint resolution for an-
nexing Texas to the United States, approved March 1,
1845 cither as regards the number ot States that may
* Act March 6, 1820—-3 U, S. Statutes at Laige, 545.
fAct of March 1, 1845—5 U. S. Statutes at Large> 797,
