282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 30,
hereafter be formed out of the State of Texas, or other-
wise."*
Beie is proof, beyond controversy, that the principle of
the Missouri act prohibiting slavery noith of 36s *30', far
from being ahtogated by the compromise acts, is expressly
affirmed; and that the proposed repeal of this prohibition,
instead of b<-ing an affumation of the compromise acts, is a
repeal of a very piomment provision of the most important
act of the series. It is solemnly declared, in th« very com-
promise acts, u that nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to impair or qualify the prohibition of slaveiv
iioith of 36° 30'; and yel, in the face ot this declaration, that
sacred prohibition is s-aid to be overthrown. Can presump
tion further go? To all who, in any way, lean upon these
compromises, we commend this exposition.
The pretences, theiefore, that the territory, covered by
the positive prohibition of 1820, sustains a similar relation
to slavery with that acquired fiom Mexico, covered by no
prohibition except that of disputed constitutional or Mexi-
can law, and that the compromises of 1850 require the in-
corporation of the pro-slavery clauses of the Utah and New
Mexico hill in the Nebraska act, aie mere inventions, de-
signed to cover up from public reprehension meditated bad
faith. Weie he living now, no one would be moic fot waid,
more eloquent, or more indignant, in his denunciation of
that had laith than Henry Clay, the foremost champion of
both compioimses.
In 1820 the slave States said to the free States: "Admit
Missouri with slavery and refrain from positive exclusion
south of 36? 30', and we will join you m peipetual prohibi
tion north of that line." The free States consented. In
1854 the slave States say to the free States : "Missouri is
admitted ; no prohibition of slavery south of 36° 30' has
been attempted : we have received the full consideration of
our agreement; no niore is to he gained bv adherence to it
on our part; we therefore propose to cancel the compact."
If this be not Punic faith, what, isBit? Not without the
deepest dishonor and crime can the kee States acquiesce
in this demand.
We confess our total inability properly to delineate the
character or describe the consequences of tins measure.
Language fails to e.\pre - the sentiments of indignation and
abhorrence which it inspires ; and no vision tess penetiat-
ing and comprehensive than that of the All-Seeing, can
reach Up evil issues.
To some of its more immediate and inevitable conse-
quences, however, we must attempt to direct your atten-
tion.
What will be the effect of this measure, should it un-
happily become a law, upon the pioposed Pacific railroad?
Wc have already said that two of the principal routes, the
cential and the northei n, travel->e thisTciritrny. If slavery
be allowed there, the settlement and cultivation of the coun-
try hum he greatly retarded Inducements to the immi-
gration of free laborers will be almost destroyed. The en-
hanced cost of construction j and the diminished expectation
ot profitable returns, will piesent almost insuperable ob-
stacles to building the road at all; while, even it made, the
difficulty and expense of keeping it up, in a country from
which the energetic and intelligent masses will be virtually
excluded, will greatly impair its usefulness and value.
From the rich lands ot this large Territory, also, patriotic
etatcsmen have anticipated that a free, industrious, and en
lightened population will extract abundant hon^ures of in-
dividual and public wealth. There, it has been expected,
freedom-loving emigrants from Europe, and energetic and
intelligent laborers fiom our own land, will find homes of
comfort and fields of useful enterprise. If this bill shall
become a law, ail sucn expectation will turn to grievous
disappointment. The blight of slavery will cover the land.
The homestead law, should Congress enact one, will be
worthless there. Freemen, unless prey ed by a hard and
cruel nece^hity, will not, and should not, woik beside slaves.
Labor cannot he respected where any class of labour is
held in abject bondage.
We earnestly request the enlightened conductors of news-
papers printed in the German and other foreign languages,
to direet the attention of theirieader.-s to this important mat-
ter.
It is of immense consequence, also, to scrutinize the
geographical character of this project. We beg you, (Vllow-
eiuzens, to observe that it will sever the Ka^t from the
West of the United States by a wide slavchoJdmg .belt of
country, extending from the Gulf of Mexico to British
North Ame.uca, It is a bold scheme against American lib
erty, worthy of an accomplished architect of rum. Texas
is already slavrholdme, and occupies the Gulf region fiom
the Sabine to the Rio Grande,and from the Gulf of Mevico
to the Rfd river. North of the Red rivej, and extending
between Texas and Arkansas, to the parallel of Ji6° 30', lie 
tile Indian t<jnItory, about equal in extent to the latter
State, in which slavery was not prohibited by the act of
1H*2(). Fiom HO0 30' to the boundary line between our own
country and the British possession-, stretching from west
to ea°t through more than eleven degrees of longitude, and
fjorn south to noith through n.ore than twelve degrees of
latitude, extend-; the gieaf Tenitory, the fate of which is
now to be determined by the American Congress. Thu->
you see, fellow-citizens, that the fii si operation of the pio
posed permission of slavery in Nebraska will be to st.ty the
progress of the free States westward, and to cut off titc fiee
States of the Pacific from the fiee State* of the Atlantic.
It is hoped, doubtless, by compelling the whole commerce
and the whole travel between the East and West to pa^sfor
hundreds of miles through a slaveholding region, in the
heart of the continent, and by the influence of a Federal
Government, controlled by the slave power, to extinguish
freedom and establish slavery in the States and Territmies
of the Pacific, and thus permanently subjugate the whole
country to the yoke of a jdaveholdirig despotism. Shall a
plot against humanity arid democracy so monstrous, and so'
dangerous to the interests of liberty thioughout the woild,
be permitted to sycceed ?
We appeal to the people. We warn you that the dearest
interests of freedom and the Union are in imminent peril.
Congressional Globe, 1849-'30, p. ln.lS; act September
y? 1850—9 United States Statutes at Large, 446.
Demagogues may tell you that the Union can be maintained
only by submitting to the demands of slavefy. We tell you
that the safety ot the Union can only be injured bv the full
recognition of the just claims of freedom and man. The
Union was formed to establish justn e, and secure the bless
ings of liberty. When it fails to accomplish these ends, it
will be worthless J and when it becomes woithleas, it cannot
long endure.
We entreatyou to be mindful of that fundamental maxim
of Democracy—equal rights and exact justice for
all men. Do not submit to become agents in extending
legalized oppression and systematized injustice over avast
Teriitoiy yet exempt from these terrible evils.
We implore Christians and Christian ministers to inter-
pose. Their divine religion requires them to behold in
every man a brother, and to labor tor the advancementand
regeneiation of the human race.
Whatever apologies may be offered for the toleration of
slaves y in the States, none can be urged for its extension
into Territories where it does not exist, and where that ex-
tension involves the repeal of ancient law, and the violation
of solemn compact. Let all protest, earnestly and em-
phatically, by correspondence, through the piess, by me-
morials, by resolutions of public meetings and legislative
bodies, and in whatever other mode may seeiu expedient,
against tins enormous crime.
For ourselves, we shall resist it by speech and vote, and
with all the abilities which God has given us. Even if
overcome in the impending struggle, we shall not submit.
We shall go home to our constituents, erect anew the
standard of freedom, and call on ihe people to come to the
lescuc of the country from the domination of slavery. We
will not despair; for the cause of human freedom is the
cause of God.
S. P. ClIASE, Senator from Ohio. •
CHARLES SUMNER, Senator from Mass.
J. it. urnnrNGs, > r> , , , .
EDWARD WADE, \ Representativesfrom Ohio
GERR1T SMITH, Representative from A7". York
ALEX. DE WITT, Representative from Mass.
Note.—The amended Nebraska bill, introduced by Mr.
Douglas, was promptly printed at length in the Washington
Sentinel. As punted, it did not meet the views of certain
southern gentlemen, and it was then discovered that an im-
portant declaratory section, legislating into the bill the prin-
ciples ot' the compromise, had been omitted by a clerical
ci7or. Even atter this remarkable clerical error had been
rectified, the bill was unsatisfactory, and now Mr. Douglas
proposes more amendments—to divide the Terutory into
two ; to charge the Treasury with the expense of two Tcr-
ntorial Government's; to strike out the clerical error sec-
tion, and niseit elsewhere m the bill a clause excepting
from the laws of the United State- extended ovei thuTcrri-
toiy, the Missoun piohibition. The last proposed amend-
ment will read thus :
" That the Constitution, and all laws of the United States,
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
force and effect within the said Teintory of Nebraska as
elsewhere within the United States, except ihe cizh/h sec-
tion of th>' act piepuratoty to the admission of Missouri
into the Union, app-ioved March 6, 1820, which was super-
seded by ihe principles of the legislation of 1850, comwonly
called the compromise measures, aiul is hereby declared
inoperative. 
Tina amendment is a manifest falsification of the truth of
history, as is shown in the body of the foregoing address.
Not a man m Congress, or out of Congress, in i850, pre-
tended that the compromise measures would repeal the
Missouri prohibition. Mr. Douglas himselfneveradvanced
such a pretence until this session. His own Nebiaska bill,
ot last session, iejected it. It is a sheer afterthought. To
declare the prohibition inoperative, may, indeed, have
effect in law <.s a repeal, but it is a most discreditable way
ot reaching the object. Will the people peimit then dear-
est mteiests: to he din-* made the mere ha/aids ot a presi-
dential game, and destroyed by talse facts and ialse infer-
ences ?
Letter from Mr. Simonton to Mr. Chase.
Senate Gallery, January 30, 1854.
Hon S. P. Chaw:
An act of inadvertence on my part seems to have sub-
jected yon to the charge of proem ing the publication of the
Independent Demoeiatic Address   ainstthe Nebraska bill,
with the statement (hat it was signed by a majoiity of the
Repiesentauves fiom Ohio, f deem it a duty to state to you
the circumstances undei which the mistake, for which you
certainly are not responsible, oeemred.
Learning accidentally that an addiess on the subject
was about to he published, J solicited the favor of proof
sheets for publication in the New Yoi k Daily Times, as a
mattei of much interest to a large proportion of the reading
public. With some difficulty 1 obtained them, and they
were transmuted to New York before any signatures had
been appended, and before it had been definitely decided
whethei the addiess would be offered for general signature
of members of Congress troni Ohio, or would be issued as
the addtess of the Independent Democracy in Cungiess to
the people of the Uniird Slates.
The document fiist reached the public through the col-
umns of the Times. The evening before it appeared you
sent me the names of the signers, with the request that I
would send them to NewYork by telegraph for publication
in their proper place, that there might be no mistaking the
quarter from whence the document emanated. 11 egret to
say thai ( failed totelegraph until 10 o'clock at night, when,
as it subsequently appeared, the first " form" of the paper
had gone to piess. Thatform," unfortunately, contained
the addicss m question ; and my dispatch was too iate to
accomplish it-object. In the absence of any signatures,
the editor had appended a note stating that the address was
" signet! by a majority of the Representatives from Ohio."
He did tins, I suppose, on an intimation I had previously
given him that such an address was about to be issued, and
wjuld be so signed. 1 had no aufhonty, however, for that
statement, and did not mtend to make it, except as an ex-
pression of opinion. The erioi, which was a very natural
one, it will be seen was not committed by you, or at j bur
suggestion; on the conttary, it occurred in the very face of
your efforts to prevent it.
If any one will talce the trouble ttflook into the Daily
Times of the 24th instant—the issue which contains the ad-
dress—he will find upon the editorial page the names of
each or the gentlemen who did sign that document—those
names taken, doubtless, from my dispatch. Thus the erior
committed on the page containing the adejress is rectified
on the editorial page, where it is stated, also, that the
appeal of these Independent Democrats is made to the
people of the United States."
The New York Tnbuw copied the address from (ho
Times, errors and all; and there can be little doubt that the
ertoneous publications elsewhere had the same origin. The
Evening Post of the Soth contained the address with the
propei caption and signatuies.
Trusting this explanation may be of service in removing
the imputation which has been made,
1 am, respectfully, and truly yours,
JAMES W. SIMONTON,
Washington Ed. N. Y. Daily Times.]
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before the
Senate adjourns 1 crave a single moment As
one of the signers of the address referred to by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] I ac-
cept now openly, before the Senate and the coun-
try, my fall responsibility for it, and deprecate no
criticism upon it from any quarter. That docu-
ment was put forth m the discharge of a high
public duty;o'h the precipitate introduction into
this body of a measure which, as it seems to me,
is not only subversive of ancient landmarks, but
hostile to the peace, the harmony, and the best
interests of the-country. But, sir, in doing this, .
1 judged the act, and not its author. I saw only
the enormous proposition, and nothing of the Sen-
ator.
The language used is strong, but it is not
stronger than the exigency required. Here is a
measure which reverses the time-honored policy
of our fathers in the restriction of slavery; which
sets aside the Missouri Compromise—a solemn
compact, by which all the territory ceded by
France under the name of Louisiana, was " for-
ever" consecrated to freedom—and which violates,
also, the alleged compromises of 1850; and all
this is to open an immense territory to the ingress
of slavery. Such a measure cannot be regarded
without emotions too strong for speech. Itcannot
be justly described in common language. It is a
soulless, eyeless monster—horrid, unshapely, and
vast—fitly pictured in the verse of the poet:
" Monstrutn horrendum, inforrne, ingens, cui lumen
adeinptum,"
And this monster is now let loose upon the coun-
try.
Allow me one other word of explanation. It
is true that I desired that the consideration of this
measure should not be pressed at once wtth inde-
cent haste, as was proposed, even before the Sen
ate could read the bill in which it was embodied.
1 had not forgotten that the Missouri bill, as ap-
pears from the Journals of Congress, when first
introduced in December 1819, was allowed to rest
upon the table nearly two months before the dis-
cussion commenced. The proposition to undo the
only part of that work which is now in any de-
gree within the reach of Congress should be ap-
proached with even a greater caution and reserve.
The people have a right to be heard on this mon-
strous scheme; and there is no apology for that
driving, galloping speed, which shall* anticipate
their voice, and,, in its consequences, must despoil
them of this right.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
.The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 30, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, con-
taining tables showing the number of establish-
ments, and where located, that were engaged in
the manufacture of salt, the amount of capital in-
vested in said manufacture, the average quantity
manufactured, the table of prices for which salt i 
sold under the present rate of duties thereon, and
also, tables showing the amount of foreign salt irrv
ported into the United States.
On motion by Mr. DRUM, the communication
was referred to the Committee on Ways an<3
Means, and ordered to be printed,
