992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26.
ter opportunities of knowing—to their better in-
formation upon this subject—than I can possess.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Illinois
evidently has not looked at this subject with his
usual attention. He says he sees no reason why
this should be done in this case, and not in Ore-
gon or Washington Territory, for instance. The
reason is contained in the very act to which I
alluded. The law of 1851 abolished all superin-
tendences of a minor character east of the Rocky
Mountains, the object of which was to place all
the Indians east of those mountains under the
three superintendents provided for m the law.
Then Mr. Sibley, the Delegate for Minnesota in
the other House, suggested that, inasmuch as the
Governor of that Territory at that time was en-
gaged in making a treaty with some Indians in
that Territory, it would be best to form a tempo-
rary exception, so that he might carry out that
object.
The three superintendents east of the Rocky
Mountains have control of all Indian affairs, ex-
cept in the Territory of Minnesota; and this excep-
tion was made for the purpose to which [ have
alluded. The Senator will see, therefore, that
west of the Rocky Mountains, on the Pacific side,
where there are no general superintendents, the
reason exists for keeping the superintendencies in
the hands of the Governors, although the letter
which I have read from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, states that, in his opinion, they
ought to be separated in all cases. The system
is complete when you carry nut what the Legis-
lature, in 1851, intended to carry out. You abol-
ished all minor superintendencies, and placed the
whole in the hands of three general superintendents.
We have the third general superintendent in the
person of Mr. Huebschmann, in Wisconsin, who
can superintend these affairs in Minnesota, as well
as those which he has now under his charge. So
far as regards the duties of the Governor, I intend
to move, if nobody else does, to increase his sal-
ary up to the proper point—say §2,000 or $2,500;
for, so far as 1 am concerned, I will vote for either.
It need not be done here, if this is not the proper
place; but this is the proper place to perfect
what the Congress of 1H.51 intended to perfect m
reference to Indian superimendeneies. The Sen-
ator will see that the reason exists in full force.
Here are thiee general superintendents provided
for; and the effect of mv amendment is simply to
obviate an exception which, at, the time, was made
for a mere temporary purpose; and I say again,
that the experience which we have had m Min-
nesota, under Governor Ramsay, the amount it
has cost the Government, and thediiliculties which
have grown out of it, admonish us that the Con-
gress in IS.)J weie wise in these genera! provis-
ions. The Commissioner says, in his letter, that
the business of the two offices has no relation to
each other. The duties are inconsistent with each
other. What is said by the Senator from Wis-
consin, one of the Committee on Indian Affairs, is
said with great truth and force. It was the exist-
ence of all these things that induced Congress, in
1851, to abolish all other means, and regulate it
by the appointment of three superintendents. [
am very much disinclined to consume the time of
the Senate on this subject; but 1 confess that, to
my mind, the proposition is one of the plainest m
the world.
Mr. WALKER. I think the Senator from Illi-
nois will discover, when the facts are fully pre-
sented, thathis views are the very reverse of what
they ought to be. He assumes that, the general
rule now is, that the Governoi shall, ex officio, dis-
charge the duties of superintendent, and that we
are about to make an exception to that general
rule m the case of Minnesota. The reverse is the
fact. He will perceive that, under the law which
it is now proposed to amend, the general rule
is made that the Governor shall not be, ex officio,
superintendent, but that there shall be super-
intendents of Indian affairs appointed, though
for the reason mentioned b^ the Senator from
Michigan—that at that time the Governor of Min-
nesota was negotiating treaties—that locality was
made an exception to the general rule. It is
to get rid of'that exception, that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan is designed.
There exisis now, east of the Rocky Mount-
ains, this exception, in the case of Minnesota.
Perhaps it would be well for it to exist, pro-
vided we had no northern superintendent; but
we have a northern superintendent, an officer |!
who can take charge of the Indian affairs and j,
relieve the Government of them. As for the gen-
tleman who is Governor, I have no doubt he j,
is as competent, and will as faithfully discharge j
the duties of superintendent, as any other man in !'
America, but he cannot do it properly and attend j
to his other duties. Suppose that, duringthe ses-
sion of the Legislature in winter, a difficulty arises
with the Indians; it becomes his duty to leave the ;
seat of government; the law compels him to doit,
and go among the Indians. What is he going to i!
do ? He must seek the agency of some irrespon- ij
sible person, and send him there, and ten to one '!
he is not the man to reconcile matters with the In- ;
dians. The Governor cannot go himself m per-
son, for he has to be at the seat of government in '
attendance upon the Legislature, and hence very ]:
often these difficulties arise. 1 think it is well to d
get rid of the exception made in the law of 185], ''
and place the Indians where they are placed every- j;
where else east of the Rocky Mountains, under ■
the superintendency of the superintendent of In- ,
dian affairs proper. ^
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is true, as the Senator
from Michigan has said, that i do not understand
this question as well as I should if 1 had thor-
oughly investigated it. I had not tinned my .
attention specially to it. for the reason thai I had :
no idea such a proposition would be m ale on a ■
motion to amend the Indian appropriation bill, '
and that if any such radical change was contem- j
plated in our Indian allairs, 1 presumed u would j!
come from the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ;
that I should have time to examine it. The act
of 1851 does provide that the supenntendencies
shall be dispensed with east of the Rocky Mount- !
ains arid north of New Mexico, except that in ;
Minnesota, where the Governor slmll continue, ■
ev officio, superintendent or' Indian allans, unless <
the'President of the United .States shall relieve ;
him therefrom. Then, as under this low as it is j
the President of the United States has the 'power j
to-day to make this very change as to that Torn- i
lory, if he sees proper, why the necessity of this 1
provision on the subject?
Mr. STUART. The Senatoi did not hear what ■
I said in the outset. The objeet is this: the Pres-
ident, as the matter stands, would not sepai.ito
these duties, and leave the Go\ ernot only 1,500 a
year. It would not he fur. lie can separate the
duties, but he cannot increase the salary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Exactly.
Mr. STUART. Therefore, there is the neces-
sity to legislate on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 know; butstill, m this Ie~ ■
gislation you do not propose to mciea^e the salary.
You only propose in this bill to do what ihePies- ;
ideiit is authorized to do under the exisimg law.
I take it for granted that if, m the estimation of]
the President, the public interest re'juired this ]
change, he would have made it before this time, 1 ,
take it for granted, that if, m his estimation, the j
public interest should hereafter require the change, ,
he will make it under the existing law. By your
amendment you only require it to be nnpeiative
upon him to make a change which he n: author-
ized to make, if he thinks his duty and the public
interest require it. Hence, there is no necessity
connected with the public service to do this act,
unless you believe that the President doty not .
understand, or is not willing to oerfoim his duty
under the law.
But, sir, I cannot re diy understand that !h's j*
an exception to the general rule. The general usb 1
luis been, m this country, to make the Governors
of the Territories ex officio supeiinfen ic,ns of In-
dian afTaiis. I know that tinder peculiar emer- :
gencies you have sometimes required the appoint- 1
ment of an exira superintendent; but the gtnesai
rule has been that the Governor >hall eu officio be
superintendent. It was so in Iowa, it v-.;s so in
Wisconsin, in Missouri, in Michigan, in Oregcu, ,
m Alinnesota, in all the TeirUofifs. 1 am not i
certain but that some slight change has been made ,
in Oregon recently: but if so jt has been in tins ,
indirect mode, and without due reflection and in- >
vestigation.
But why should there be a difference between j
your superintendencies east and west of the Rocky
Mountains ? If the Governor is a proper superin-
tendent west, I suppose he is a proper superintend-
ent east, Certainly that lange of mountains docs
not make such a difference either in the pov/ers of
your Governors, or in their duties or capacity, or in
the nature of the Indians, or the duties towards
them, as to require one system of policy on the east
and another on the west side. I think, therefore,
that this attempt to adopt one system in one place,
and another one in another place, on the suggestions
of members or of particular officers, without having
the whole subject investigated, is calculated to lead
to confusion. 1 repeat, if you will show me that
the Governor is so much engaged that he cannot
perform his duties as superintendent, I am willing,
upon a bill to be reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, carefully matured, to make a
change; but I wish to make it everywhere, and not
make an exception of one Territory when no good
reason for that exception can be pointed out.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
says, that the Governor has to be at the seat of
government to attend on the Legislature, and has
not time to attend to those duties. Pie has to be
at the seat of government not exceeding forty
days in the year. Your lav/ provides that the
Legislature shall only continue in session forty
days in twelve months. I should think that the
Governor might attend the rest of the time to
Indian affairs.
Mr. WALKER. Has he not other duties to
attend to ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; he has other
duties, but duties that can be performed in one
part of the Territory almost as well as in another.
At any rate, if he cannot attend to those duties,
the same objection applies to New Mexico; why
not make the change there? If the Governor of
Minnesota cannot perfoim both those duties, or
cannot be permitted to absent himself from the
dent of government to superintend the Indian
allairs in Minnesota, how can the Governor of
New Mexico do it there?
Mr. WALKER. They ought to be separated
there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, if they ought to be
separated in New Mexico, why not separate
them m Utah ?
! Mr. STUART. The Committee on Indian Af-
! fans are going to report a. bill to do so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The committee, you say,
are going to do that; then, if it is done in Utah,
why not also in Washington and Oregon, if it
1 hn:s not nlready been done there?
1 Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to correct him ?
, Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Prom the tenor of his
remarks, I suppose the Senator takes it for
granted, that the committee have recommended
this separation 5
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; I do not understand it
so. I was pursuing the train of remark because
these gentlemen [Messrs. Stuart and Walker]
were arguing in derogation of the committee, so
far as 1 am informed.
Mr. SEBASTiAN. The committee have rec-
ommended simply to make the location or seat of
the superintendencies movable—nothing more,
, The pioposition to separate the superintendency
from the governorship comes from the Senator
i from Michigan.
! Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am very glad to hear that
. explanation. 1 supposed that such was the case;
1 and i was arguing m the manner I was pursuing,
because the Committee on Indian Affairs had been
deprived of their legtiimafe functions, and had not
had charge of the subject. It was a reason why
it should <ro to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
We know that that committee have devoted their
attention to Indian affairs, and understand these
questions much better than the other members of
the Senate do. We know that the chairman [Mr.
SryA^rjAx] has devoted his attention to them until
he is perfectly acquainted with the question in all
its bearings; and, 1 think, that a proposition a&
bweeping us this, ought to have come from that
committee, and not been brought in by persons not
connected with the committee at all. That is the
■ xeason I was arguing upon that point.
; As to the recommendation of the committee, that
, the President might change the seats of the super-
intendents, I think it is proper and right. One of
them is located now in St. Louis. There are no
Indians within many hundred miles of that place.
By changing his locality from there to St. Joseph's,
1 Missouri, or the mouth of the Kansas, or some
i) other proper point, it is possible he might be
