1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Second Auditor's Office
of the Treasury Department, transmitting; copies
of accounts rendered by persons charged $nd in-
trusted with the disbursement and application of
money, goods, and effects for the benefit of the
Indians, from the 1st of July, 1852, to the 30th of
June, 1852, inclusive, together with statements
containing the names of persons to whom money,
goods, and effects have been delivered within the
period specified.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting tables m regard to the clerks em-
ployed in the Treasury Department, and the sev-
eral -bureaus thereof; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
MADISON PARTON.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to lay upon the table the bill for the
relief of Madison Parton. It will be recollected that
the amendment proposed to this bill by the Com-
mittee of the Whole House was voted down, and
also that amotion was made to lay the bill upon the
table. The previous question having been ordered
to be put, the bili comes up now, although it is a
private bill.
Mr. DEAN. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House rejected the amendment pro-
posed by the committee.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the bill
upon the table will supersede all other motions.
Mr. DEAN. I hopethe gentleman from South
Carolina will withdraw it.
Mr. OliR. I will withdraw the motion I made
to lay the bill upon the table. 1 am in favor of the
bill, if the clause providing interest is stricken out.
Mr. DEAN. 1 think it is a dangerous prece-
dent to pay interest in such cases.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dean] at liberty to make the motion
to reconsider?
Mr. DEAN. There are no yeas and nays
called.
Mr. PECKHAM. I would suggest whether
it be proper to reconsider this bill m the absence
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hillyer]
having it in charge? i
The SPEAKER. It can be postponed only by j
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. DEAN. I would suggest that, as the
gentleman from Georgia, in whose charge this bill
is, is not present, the bill go over by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to recon-
sider may be postponed, if it be the pleasure of
the House. To when does the gentleman pro-
pose to postpone the further consideration of the
motion ?
Mr. ORR. I suppose to-morrow will be as
good a time as any.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must ask
< if the gentleman from New York, who moves to
reconsider, voted in the affirmative?
The SPE1KER. The yeas and nays were not
taken, and the gentleman has]the right to make
the motion, whether he voted m the affirmative or
negative.
Mr. TAYLOR., of Ohio. I do not know
whether I have any objection to the proposition
to postpone or not. I cannot hear or understand
the state of the case.
The SPEAKER. On Friday last a bill for the
relief of Madison Parton was reported from the
Committee of the WhMe Hou^e. Ihe bnl con-
tained in it a proposition to pay interest upon tue
claim. The committee proposed to amer.d by
striking out that provision. The House refuted
to concur in the amendment, and the provision
was retained in the bill. A motion was then
made to lay the bill upon the table, the previous
question having been ordered upon the passage
of the bill. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Oitu] now withdraws the motion to ^lay
upon the table. The gentleman from New \ ork
[Mr. Dean] moves to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Committee of the \Vhole: and as the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyek,] who
reported the bill, is not in the Hall, it is proposed
to postpone the further consideration of the mo-
tion until to-morrow,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
bill being a private one, goes over until the next
private bill day.
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been sustained, and the main question ordered, it
is the opinion of the Chair that the bill comes up
first in order to-day, notwithstanding the fact that
it is a private one.
Mr. JONES. I think that makes no difference.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
no other business can intervene until the House
has executed itstorder, that the main question be
now put.
Mr. JONES. A majority may suspend even
the rule requiring days to be set apart for the con-
sideration of private business. 1 know it is held
that on resolution day, a motion to suspend the
! rules goes over till the next resolution day; and if,
on the next day, a motion be made to reconsider,
it must go over until the succeeding resolution
day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware that
Fridays and Saturdays being set apart for the
consideration of private bills, all such bills must go
over to the next private bill day, unless the previous
question shall have been ordered to be now put,
in which case the Chair decides that the billcomes
on the next day in which the House is in session.
It is a pointof no special importance; but the Chair
thinks his decision is in accordance with the rules
of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The decision of the Chair
is clearly in accordance with the uniform practice
of the House.
The ^PEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the further consideration of the
bill go over until to-morrow?
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope it will be
postponed until Friday next.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that
disposition of the motion will be made.
There being no objection, the bill, with the mo-
| tion to reconsider, was postponed until Friday
j next.
j AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
I The next business in order was the resolution
!'of Mr. Ewing, introduced last Monday under a
i suspension of the rules. The resolution was read,
; as follows:
i Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to re-
' quest the Senate to return to this llou^ethe resolution ofthe
j1 House of the 18th instant, providing for the appointment of
II a select committee on the amendment of the Constitution
i m relerence to the mode of electing the President and Vice
President of the United States.
Mr. EWING. it is my purpose to withdraw
, that resolution; for I have learned that the Senate,
on the motion of the Senator on whose motion our
' resolution was laid upon the table, will take it up,
and that the committee upon their part will prob-
, ably be appointed.
; But, with the indulgence of the House,I would
like to give a single word of explanation, assuring
them, at the same time, that it is not my purpose
; to become a babbler upon this floor, i wilt not
; rise at any time unless in obedience to what seems
to me an imperative call of duty. I find that the
i proposition which I have ventured to offer has
been misunderstood by some persons, and, inas-
much as I have the matter very- much at heart, a
single word of explanation may do some good.
I I°propose to amend the Constitution in reference
I to the election of President and Vice President, so
| as to allow the people to vote directly, without
' the inteivention of electoral agents, upon whom,
: at present, there rests no other than a moral obli-
gation—no political or le^al obligation—to carry
out faithfully the will of their constituents. And
besides the abolition of electoral agents, I propose
• to divide the States into as many districts as each
State has Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, the majority of each district to cast its vote
! for whom it pleases, and that vote counting as a
! unit.
J It perhaps may be sufficient to impress the
House with the impoitar.ee of the resolution,
which would derive no title to consideration from
' the simple fact that I have offered it, to remind
them that this is no new proposition. It has been
: advocated for a period of thirty years. It has
i been advocated by such men as Thomas H. Ben-
j ton, Martin Van Euren  
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I rise'to a ques-
tion of order. This is the day for calling tne -
States for lesolutions, which occurs but once in
two weeks, i submit the question whether the
proposition before the House is debatable?
Mr. EWING. I would suggest to my friend
from Tennessee that I shall occupy but a few«
moments.
Mr. JONES. Yes; but some other* member
may want to make a speech, and the whole day
will be consumed upon this question.
Mr. EWING. 1 do nof propose to make a
speech.
Mr. JONES. But others may.
Mr. EWING. lean call the previous question
when 1 get through. I submit to the Chair
whether i cannot explain the importance of the
resolution, and the necessity of recalling it from
theSenate? -
The SPEAKER. The resolution was intro-
duced under a suspension of the rules last Mon-
day, and is debatable.
Mr. EWING. I do not propose to debate the
resolution now. It would be premature to do so.
But I have been asked by members of the Select
Committee itself, and by others, to explain what
I do want; and as I believe it to be an important
measure, I wish to say a word in explanation, be-
fore members make up their minds.
Mr. HIBBARD. By the leave of the gentleman,
and for information merely, as 1 have no distinct
recollection of his resolution, I wish to ask him
whether the effect of his amendment, if adopted,
would not be to abolish the present mode of choos-
ing electors by the votes of the-States, and to pro-
vide that each district shall vote, and that the man
who receives the votes of a majority of the dis-'
tricts shall be elected President?
Mr. JONES. I rise again to a question of or*
der. The resolution to amend the Constitution
is not before the House. The resolution before
the House merely proposes to request the return
of a certain resolution from the Senate. Is the
proposition to amend the Constitution debatable,
under this proposition ? If so, the whole day may
be consumed about this matter.
Mr. EWING. If the gentleman will notmake
the question of order 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee insists on his point of order, it is the duty
of the Chair to confine the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to the propriety of asking a return of the,
resolution from the Senate.
Mr. EWING. I intend to confine myself to
that: and I know of no other line of argument
| which will answer that purpose but the one I am
i pursuing. 1 propose to impress upon the House>
I at least by a few words, the importance of the
proposed reform, and the necessity, therefore, of
i calling on the Senate to return the resolution,
' which would otherwise besmothered in its infancy,
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am with you in
1 regard to your amendment of the Constitution,
>\ and go further than you do.
!• Mr. EWING. 1 am happy to hear it; but I do
i not think the gentleman goes further than I do.
i This reform has been advocated by such men—if
i I may call the name of a member in connection
|i with such a subject—as Mr. Benton, of Missouri,
! Martin Van Buren, Mr. Dickinson, George
McDufKe, Robert Y. Hayne, Nathaniel. Macon,
| and RichardM. Johnson,of Kentucky. It has been
!! recommended time and again by General Jackson,
i and opposed chiefly by Rufus King, the great
Fedeialist of New York. This is as brief as any
other way that I can present it, to enable the
House to understand the character of the prop-
" osition.
,' I know that I shall me^flHl the outset, the preju-
'! dice which is against alljawiendment of the Con-
ii stitution; but in the spirit of this age such an ob-
|! jection cannot last long. It will only last long
enough to secure proper deliberation, and that is
! all that it ought to secure. I may be allowed to
i say in a worcT, that, in the amendment of the Con-
:i stitution, those who apprehend alone the danger
of the opening up of the Constitution, as they
'i call it seem not to see the hidden rocks up to-
; j ^ar[} which we are fast passing, and the necessity
for refoim. Why, sir, if the time shall ever come
;j when three fourths of these States are prepared
ii to annihilate the rightsofthe remaining one fourth,
{land to repeal the constitutional guarantees fixed
|! for their protection, in order to get at and destroy
