1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
mi
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator propose that the amendments be read on
until some one is objected to, and then to take
the vote?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. Thfe Secretary
will proceed to read the amendments.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments.
The first was to reduce the appropriation for
" horses and carriages," in the items of contin-
gent expenses of the House of Representatives,
from $4,745 to $4,015.
The next amendment was, under the caption
" Library of Congress," to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
For compensation of librarian, two assistant librarians,
and messenger, $4,500,
and insert in lieu of it:
For compensation of librarian, three assistant librarians,
and mespengei,.$8,000.
The next was to add, after the last mentioned
clause, the following:
For compensation of librarian, assistant librarians, and
messenger, for the year ending 30tl  of June, 1854, $-2,700.
The next amendment was to add, at the end of
the appropriations for the library, the following:
For the completion and the publication of the works of
Thomas Jefferson, and pay of the editor of said work,
$7 ,'200.
The next was to strike out—
For compensation of the Secretary of State, the Assistant
Secietary of State, clerks, messenger, and assistant mes-
senger, in his office, $38,700,
and insert in lieu of it:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, the Assistant
Secretary of Slate, chief of foreign desk, examiner, mes-
senger, and assistant messenger, in his office, $48,200.
The next was to insert, among the items " for
the incidental and contingent expenses of the De-
partment of State," the following:
For additional lor disbursing clerk and superintendent
of the noi theabt Executive Building, $200.
The next amendment was to add, after the ap-
propriation " for publishing the laws in pamphlet
form, and in the newspapers of the States and
Territories, and in the city of Washington,
$18,525," the words:
And such sum shall be paid for publishing the laws in
California, Oregon, and Washington, as the Secretary of
State may deem reasonable.
The next was to strike out of the appropriation
41 for extra clerk hire and copying" in the State
Department, " $2,000," the words:
J5fiid clerks to be employed only during the session of
Congress, or when indispensably neccssary, to enable the
Department to answer some call made by either House of
Congress atone session to be answered at another.
The next amendment was to strike out:
For printing and paper for the Department of State, $200.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the appropriations for the State Department:
For the puichase of fifty sets of Howard's Reports of
the Decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
$3,500.
" Forthe purchase of copies of the report^ ot the Supreme
Couit and Opinions ot the Attorney? General of the United
States tor the Executive offices of the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska, $450.
The next amendment was to strike out the
item:
For compensation of the superintendent and four watch-
men of the northeast Execuuve Building, $2,250.
and insert:
For compensation of four watchmen of the northeast
Executive Building, §2,400.
The next amendment was to strike out all the
appropriations contained in the hill for the com-
pensation of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, the Treas-
urer, the various Auditors and Comptrollers, the
Register, and Solicitor of the Treasury, the
Commissioner of Customs, and the clerks and
messengers in their offices, and theclerks and mes-
sengers'employed by the Light-House Board, and
in lieu thereof insert:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury and
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks, messenger,
and assistant messenger in his oflicc, $46,650.
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $30,500.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller, and the
clerks and me*sengerin his office, $26,150.
Foi compensation of the First Auditor, and the clerks
and messengeis in his office, $37,900.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and the clerks
and messengers in his office, $34,900.
For compensation of the Third Auditor,and theclerks
and messengers in his office, $'21,850.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $27,700.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $15,550.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office De-
paument, and the elei ks, messengei, and assistant messen-
ger m his office, $163,300.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the United States,
and the clerks and two messengers m his office, one ad-
ditional messenger being hereby created therefor, $26,900.
For compensation ot the Register of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messenger m his office, $51,700.
For compensation ot the Solicitor ot the Treasury, and
the cleiks and messenger in his office, $,<16,850.
For compensation ot the Commissioner of Customs, and
the clerks and messenger in his office, $19,750.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger of the
Light House Board, $8,550.
The next amendment was to insert under the
heading of u contingent expenses of the Treasury
Department," the following:
For additional for disbursing clerk3 and superintendents
of Execuuve buildings provided in the third section of the
aci ot 3d March, 1853, entitled " An act making appropria-
tions lor the civil and diplomatic expenses o( Government,
lor the year ending the oOth ot June, 1854," for the Treas-
ury Department, $,(300.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing:
For paper and printing of the Treasury Department, in-
cluding paper, printing, and binding the annual *£ Statement
ot Commerce and Navigation," and for paper and printing
the annual " Estimates of Appropriations," $17,2u0.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
compensation of eight watchmen of the southeast
Executive building, from $4,000 to $4,800.
The next was to reduce the appropriation for
the compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
and the clerks, messengers, and laborers in his
office, from $29,800 to $28,400.
The next was to insert as the first item of con-
tingent expenses in the office of the Secretary of
the Interior;
For pay of laborers, $1,095.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and the recorder, draughtsman, as-
sistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers, and as-
sistant messengers in his office, from $139,550 to
$165,050.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to inquire of
the Senator fromVtrgima if the pay of the packers
has been increased ?
Mr. HUNTER. The pay of the packers, I
believe, has not been increased. I will state,
generally, in regard to the laboring force of the
Departments, that the committee have put the
principal messengers of the Departments proper
at nine hundred dollars a year each, and the as-
sistant messengers at seven hundred and fifly
dollars; so that all the messengers get either the
one or the other.
We have put the laborers in the Departments at
forty dollars a month, thus giving them four hun-
dred and eighty dollars a year.
We have applied this rule throughout. It is a
reduction in t ome cases and an increase in others.
1 have not been able to say in what instances the
amounts are reduced. I believe there is a reduc-
tion in the Land Office for one. Some laborers
are increased and others diminished; and such
mustbetheelTectofanyumform rule. Whenever
you establish a uniform rule, it must be somewhere
between the extremes. 1 think i can state, in re-
gard to the packers, that they receive the same
pay as the assistant messengers, $750.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments.
The next was to reduce the appropriation for
compensation of six laborers in the General Land
Office, from $3,000 to $9,190.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
compensation of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant
messenger in his office, from $27,800 to $29,900.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the appropriations for the Indian Office, the follow-
ing:
For rent of building on Seventh street, for the office of
Indian Affairs, commencing the 12th of June, 1854, at
$1,200 per annum, $1,263 33.
For compensation of tour watchmen for building occu-
pied bv the office of Indian Affairs, commencing the 15th of
June, 1854, .$'2,500.
The next amendment was to st^ke out the fol-
lowing:
For compensation of the 'Commissioner of Pensions, fintl
the clerks and messengers in bis office, $66,800. . - < ;• •
For compensation to thirty temporary clerks employedin
the office of the Commisstoner of Pensions, $31,300 r 'Pro-
vided.. That no felerk shall receive''more than at the rate of
$3 per day. - t ' .
and insert in lieu thereof:"  
For compensation of the Commissioner 6f Pensions,
the clcrks aud four messengers in his office, $108,200.:" - ■
Mr, PRATT. Do I understand thatthe#.me*id-
ments which are now being read, to which nonob-
jections are made, are to be considered «s agreed
to ? Are they to be voted on without explanation ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia proposed that as there wereagreai
many amendments, all should be read together,
and those to which there was no objection should
be considered as agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. This amendment, 1 think, re-
quires some explanation. 1 see that an appropri-
ation of §31,300 is proposted to be stricken out,
and one of over $100,000 to be inserted. I should
like to know the reason for such*a large discrep-
ancy. ' - • - - ~
Mr. HUNTER. I will state generally that we
have had to reconstitute this bill nearly, as it came
from the House. In the bill as it came to us, the
salaries for all the clerks were appropriated- ac-
cording to the old law, and not according to the
law passed at this session, wHich was introduced
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.]
We had accordingly to change all these items as
to amounts, and to some extent the phraseology
of the bill. All these amendments are according
to estimates, and are, all of them, according to the
reformed estimates made up at the Departments,
on the basis of the act which has been passed,
providing for additional salaries for the clerks.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 understood from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives, that the reason why
that committee reported the bill in the manner in
which they did, was, that they had not received
the new estimates from the Departments at the
time they reported it, and therefore were com-
pelled to take the old estimates.
Mr. CASS. I suppose that the appropriation
of $31,000, to which the Senator from Maryland
alluded, of course never could have included all
th£ clerks in the Pension Office under any law.
! Mr. PRATT. The explanation is satisfactory,
i The Secretary continued to read the amenu-
i ments.
i The next was to strike out of the provision for
j the contingent expenses of the Pension Office the
1 following:
For engraving bounty land warrants, $5,000;
For stationery, $2,500;
For binding books,.1§1,000;
For furniture, $500;
For miscellaneous items, $1,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For engraving and printing bounty land certificates,
$5,000.
For stationery, $3,000;
For binding books,$2,000;
For furniture, $500;
For miscellaneous item®, $5,000 ;
For compendium of laborers, $1,500.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask at this point,
as we are now on the appropriations in reference
| to the Department of the Interior, whether it is
contemplated to add a provision for the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary of the Interior?
; I do not wish to embarrass the honoraole Senator
j from Virginia; but I have an amendment to that
I effect which I intended to propose. The object
1 of it is to create an Assistant Secretary in the In-
terior Department, the same as in the Treasury
I and State Departments. I think that this would
j probably be a proper place for it to come in. I
1 hold m my hand a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior to the Committee on Retrenchment—not
to the Committee on Finance, of which the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia is chairman—in
which he urgently recommends the creation of
such an office. He says the duties of the Depart-
ment have increased in such a ratio that it has
become almost absolutely necessary to have this
responsible officer appointed. If the honorable
Senator will permit me, I will offer that amend-
ment. I presume he will make no objection,
Mr. HUNTER. I will state in regard to that,
that no estimate for that purpose has been sub-
mitted to us by the Secretary of the Interior. I
understood from him, in a conversation, that there
