THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. SO,
these rights, on such an occasion to offer a propo-
sition of this character would be utterly idle 
Mr. HIBBARD. With the leave of the gen-
tleman, while he is on that point, I wish to know
from him whether his amendment,- if adopted,
would not entirely abrogate the whole system of
choosing by States—annihilate State lines entirely
in the choice of a President and Vice President?
Mr. EWING. Thegentleman ought to be per-
fectly aware that I cannot undertake to argue and
prove just now, and it is not the design of the
House that 1 should do so. The effect of the prop-
osition would not be such as the gentleman de-
scribes. His objections in that view, and in all
others, are idle and unfounded.
Mr. HIBBARD. i would remark 
Mr. EWlNG. I cannot yield the floor to the
gentleman, because discussion is premature. I
. wish to Confine myself to the direct question of the
importance of the examination of this proposition,
and the propriety of its examination just now.
As to Hs effects and consequences,! shall be most
happy to enter into any amicable discussion, in
public or private, at any proper time.
I simply wish to add, that when the time shall
come when three fourths of the States are prepared
to repeal constitutional guarantees, in order to op-
press the remaining one fourth, it would be idle for
a man to st -nd up and say, " Gentlemen, don't do
it; because it is very unusual." Therefore, a
momentary reflection, it seems to me, ought to
teach any one that it furnishes no protection to us
whatever, to be able to appeal to those who would
amend the Constitution for improper purposes—
that u is unusual to amend that Constitution. It is
inconsistent with the spirit of the age. It has been
proven by repeated action of the people in the
amendment of their State constitutions; and 1
might,.if time allowed, enter on an argument on
this point as well as on the objections that the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire has enumerated,
and which 1 hope, at some future day, to be able
o fully explain.
I know that I am infringing upon the time of
the House in prolonging such an argument just
jiow. I simply wish to appeal to gentlemen to
suspend their views, if they have not hitherto ex-
amined it, on a question of such great importance,
as, at least, to have had the earnest labors of those
whose names I have just pronounced; and of
others, hardly less illustrious; and to await until its
proper examination shall enable them to decide, if
not favorably upon it, at least without prejudice,
and, above all, without that prejudice of the idle,
unreasoning conservative, who, while he marches
backwards, and only look&to the past, unknow-
ingly strikes upon hidden rocks, upon which it is
feared this Government is at last to be wrecked.
I therefore beg leave, Mr. Speaker, to withdraw
the motjon, as I remarked at the outset, for the
reason, as i am happy to learn, that the Senator
from California, who made the motion to lay our
resolution upon the tables afterwards called it up;
and that it will probably be acted upon by the
Senate, and acted upon favorably.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
withdrawn. Resolutions are now in order from
the State of New Jersey.
Mr. HIBBARD. Can a resolution be with-
drawn if it is objected to ?
The SPEAKER. .No action at all has been
taken on the resolution, therefore it is in order to
withdraw it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to make one remark
in reference to the resolution of thegentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call the gentle-
man to order. There rs nothingbefore the House.
Mr. HIBBARD. j^r. Speaker, was there not
a motion made to lay the resolution upon the table ?
and were not the yeas and nays called on that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. There was no motion to lay
on the table—no motion of the sort. The resolu-
tion was introduced last Monday, under a suspen-
sion of the rules, and on the question of its adop-
tion being: pending the House adjourned.
Mr. HIBBARD. I am informed that there was
a motion to lay the resolution upon the table, and
that the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. Even if that were the case, it
does not affect the question of order at all.
The SPEAKER. No; that would not change
the order and right of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ewing] to withdraw his resolution.
The Chair decides that he had a right to with-
draw it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I will not oppose it further;
all 1 had to say would have occupied a less time
than that point of order.
CALLS FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order
from the State of New Jersey.
Mr. STRATTON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That, the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House any information which maybe
on the file in his office in reference to a survey of Crow
Shoal, at Cape May.
The SPEAKER. This resolution, calling as
it does for information from the Departments,
must, under the rule, lie over one day, unless it is
the pleasure of the House to consider it now.
Mr. STRATTON. I hope the House will
allow the resolution to be put now upon its adop-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
vote may be taken on the resolution.
There being no objection, the question was put,
and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LILLY, in accordance with previous no-
tice, presented the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, viz: "A bill
for the relief of James W. Marshall, of Coloma,
El Dorado county, California."
Mr. PENNINGTON. I propose the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior lie directed
to report to this House, as early as practicable, the number
of acres of the public lands wlm;h have been donated by the
Government ot ihe United State*, as near as may be, and
toi what purposes, specifying the quantity for each purpose,
and m what States and Terntories.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing a «ito and
erecting a suitable building m the city ol Newaik,New
Jersey, tor a custom house, post office, and other public
purpot-cs <>f the Government of the United States, and to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HAMILTON. Ts that an absolute direc-
tion to erect these buildings?
The SPEAKER. No; it is simply a resolution
of instruction to inquire into the expediency of
doing so.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. STRAUB, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bills; which were read a
first and second time, by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
" A bill establishing the post office of Northum-
berland, Northumberland county, Pennsylvania,
a salaried office." Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
" A bill for the relief of John Clock and De-
catur Herb." Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
" A bill granting to the State of Pennsylvania a
portion of the public lands to aid in constructing
and furnishing the Sunburv and Ewe Railroad, and
for other purpo&es." Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr, BRIDGES, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
UA bill distributing the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands among the several States for edu-
cational purposes."
Mr. CHANDLER introduced a resolution-;
which was read, as follows:
11 Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office anil
i! Poet Roads be instructed to inquire and report upon the ex-
|, pediency of csiuHng to be purchased, or erected, in the city
j. ot Philadelphia, a building to *etve as a post office; and if
i deemed expedient, to accommodate the coui ts ot the United
; States, and their officers, for the eastern district of Penn-
j sjlVania.
! Mr. CHANDLER. Before the question is
| taken upon the resolution,! ask the permission of
the House to make one remark upon the latter
part of the resolution. It has been said upon this
floor, that the room occupied in Philadelphia by
the United States Post Office, is not one third large
enough to answer their purposes. An event will
occur in that State to-day—the consolidation of
the city of Philadelphia and all the districts—
which-will make it necessary for the city to oc-
cupy the rooms now occupied by the United
States courts. This will render it necessary that
other accommodations should be made for the
courts. These remarks will show the importance
of the latter branch of the resolution.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the resolu-
tion, by making it also applicable to the city'of
New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cheerfully accept the
amendment, as a part of the resolution.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion as modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HIESTER introduced a resolution; which
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of printing five hundred ex-
tra copies of the Blue Book tor the present year, tortile use
of the members of this House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to debate the
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GROW. I offer the following resolution;
and if there be objection, I will move to suspend
the rules with the view to its adoption.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the 17th rule of the House be amended, by
inserting between the words "Treasurer, Comptrollers" the
woids "Solicitor ot the Treasury."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
cannot amend the rules m that way. 1 propose
to debate the resolution.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing the resolution.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 would respectfully
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
| Guow] that he had better refer the resolution to
| the Committee on Rules.
! Mr. OLDS. Is it in order to have the 17th rule
I referred?
! Mr. GROW. I call for the reading of the rule,
' and then we can understand the matter better,
j The 17th. rule was then read, as follows:
' "No person, except members of the Senate, their Secre
, tarv, heads ot Department, Treasurer, Comptrollers, Re
j gi&teis, Auditors, PreMdent's Secretary, Chaplains to Con-
• gress, Judges ot the United States, Foreign Ministers, and
j their Secretaries, otficers who, by name, have received, or
i shall hereafter leceive, the thanks of Congress'for their
j gallantry and good conduct displayed in the service of their
j country, the Governor, ior the ume being, of any State or
1 Territory in the Union, such gentlemen as have been heads
I of Liepartineni&or members oi either branch ot the National
| Lcgitlaiure, the members of the Legislatures, tor the nine
! being, of the States and Territories and, at the discretion
of the Speaker, persons who belong to such Legislatures
i of (oieign Governments as arc lit amity with the United
j States, thall be admitted withm the Hall of the House of
I Representatives,'5 &c.
| The question was then taken upon the suspen-
1 sion of the rules, and it was decided in the nega-
i tive.
: Mr. GROW demanded tellers; which were or-
■ deied; and Messrs. Olds and Mace were ap-
: pointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
, reported—ayes 70, noes not counted.
; Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must go over,
Mr. DRUM. I desire to inquire whether it
: will be in order to call up resolutions laid- over
: upon a former day ?
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order, unless
by unanimous consent, or by a suspension of the
1 rules.
j Mr. BOCOCK offered the following resolution:
1 Whereas, the present system of postage has proved
' highly injurious, and ui^ati^factory in seveial particulars:
j 1. Becaut-e it has cieated a large deficit in the funds of
! that Department of the Government, to be supplied out of
the general treasury.
1 2. Becauf-e by curtailing the pay of the deputy postmas-
i ter> in the country districts, it has compelled many of the
j most efficient of them to resign, and produced a diffi-
, culty in obtaining the services of competent men for those
i offices.
i 3. Because it has constrained the Postmaster General ta
i adopt a system of policy which is highly unequal in its> op^r-
. ation, and which dmies to the eountiy districts a proper
j and reasonable degree ol postal accommodations: Be it
therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
revising oui postage lawb, and of reporti,ng a bill to correct
the evils above set forth.
