1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m5
of Indian Affairs. It seems, by a letter from the
Commissioner, addressed to the Senator, in an-
swer to an inquiry made by him, whether this
change ought to be made in Minnesota, that he
gays: " By reference to the second section," &c.,
" you will find that the President already has the
power" to make the separation in Minnesota.
Then he adds, " My individual opinion has been,
and is, that the public interests, so far as Indian
matters are concerned, would, in all the Terri-
tories, be subserved by a separation of the two
offices, there being no similarity in duty, or neces-
sity for the connection in any respect.
What is his recommendation ? He answers, as to
the point put to him, whether the separation ought
to be made in Minnesota, that the law already
authorizes it. As to the question, whether there
ought to be a general law, he says his opinion is
in favor of a general change. Certainly you can-
not draw an inference from that letter that he
thought it ought to be made in this particular case,
while the old system continued in other cases.
The inference, it seems to me, should be, that he
saw no necessity for making a special exception
of this case; but if you are going to reorganize
the system, and make a general change, he says
he ism favor of it; otherwise, he says, the law as
it stan3s is sufficient to authorize the President to
act. Then his recommendation, so far as there is
any recommendation at all, is against this special
act instead of being in favor of it.
Again, if the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
had intended to make a recommendation for this
change, he would certainly have sent it to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Atfairs,
who is the appropriate person to hold communi-
cation between that committee and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, on a question of this kind.
Sir, I regret that I have been under the necessity
of rising again on this point; but I mustsayafew
words further. The Senator says, that here is
an exception to the general rule—that the act of
1851 abolished the sub-agencies, and ail that kind
of thing, east of the Rocky Mountains, with this
exception. Why, sir, if he will look into that
matter, he will find that the act of 1851, to which
lie refers, does not remove an agency in any or-
ganized Territory of the United States, and does
not deprive any Governor of a Territory of the
duties of superintendent of Indian affairs. What
is the exception ? The act of 1851 excepts from
it every organized Territory in America. It ap-
plies to the Territories east of the Rocky Mount-
ains, north of New Mexico, thus excepting that
Territory, and excepting Minnesota; and those
are the only two organized Territories east of the
mountains. This shows that the act was intended
to apply to the unorganized Indian country, and
to none other.
No provision of that act applied to any of the
organized Territories of the United States, and for
fear it might be construed as applying to an organ-
ized Territory, Congress excepted Minnesota by
name, and used language excepting New Mexico
also. It is very clear, therefore, that the act was
intended only to reduce the number of agencies
through all that vast Indian country which is un-
organized, and not subject to the jurisdiction or
control of any Governor, or of any government,
except the Indian department.
Then you can find no authority for this measure
in the act of 1851. It is not carrying out that act;
it is not in accordance with its spirit; and I say,
therefore, this proposition to make a radical change
in our Indian department, as connected with the
organized Territones, should be presented in a
different shape. If it is necessary to make the
change, let it be done by a general law; and if the
Committeeon Indian Affairs, on investigation, will
report a general law, and satisfy the Senate that
there is good reason for it, I will not object; but
I wish it brought in regularly.
The Senator say«s, also, that other Senators and
myself have takei( the position, that a member of
the Senate cannot offer an amenement unless it
comes recommended from a committee. Sir, I
intimated no such position. I said nothing of the
kind. In my argument I did not allude to any
such thing. 1 said that a proposition of this kind,
making so radical and sweeping a change in our
Indian policy, which had continued for fifty years
as it is, should not be presented until the subject
had been referred to the proper committee, reported
upon, and well considered. I did not intimate that
on ordinary amendments such was the case; but
in a proposition to make a great change in a per-
manent system, there should be deliberation, ex-
amination, and investigation. I hope I shall have
no more to say on the question.
Mr. STUART. I modify the amendment to
the amendment, so as to read in this way:
And that the proviso contained in the second section of
the act of February 27, 1851, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed: Provided, That the salary of the Governor of
Minnesota shall remain at ^2,500 per annum.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurred on the adoption of the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move, as a modification
of the amendment of the committee, to add to it
the following:
Provided, That whenever the President may order the
transfer of the duties of supernideiident of Indian altaiis
fioin the Governor of the Territory of Minnesota, the salary
of said Governor shall thereatter be dollars per aniiuni.
My object is simply to provide that, if the Pres-
ident exercises the power now conferred on him
by law, to separate the exective duties of the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota from the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, the salary of the Gov-
ernor shall be raised to a sufficient amount. I
have left the amount blank in theatnendment, but
the blank can be filled by the vote of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I move to fill the blank with
" $2,000."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs to accept an amend-
ment of this sort: " That whenever the President
shall relieve the Governor of Minnesota, or of
any other organized Territory, from the perform-
ance of the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs, the salary of the Governor shall remain the
same as if the order had not been made," so as to
make the provision general
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state to the Senator,
that the President has not got that authority, ex-
cept in this particular case.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He will have it, if that
amendment be made.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This power of the Presi-
dent applies to the Governor of Minnesota. The
law does not authorize him to separate the duties
of superintendent of Indian affairs from those of
Governor in any other Territory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think, however, he would
have that power by inference, if we put the amend-
ment in the form which I suggest. My amend-
ment is, that " whenever the President of the
United States shall separate from the office of
Governor of Minnesota, or of any other Terri-
tory, the duties of superintendentof Indian affairs,
then the salary of the Governor shall remain the
same as it would have been if such order had not
been made."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then, do I understand the
Senator from Illinois to mean that, by the adoption
of his modification, the amendment would confer
the authority upon the President, in reference to
the other Territories, which he has not now by
law?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely. It is with that
view that I suggest my amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will accept the modifi-
cation.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask whether the
adoption of this amendment will not increase the
amount of compensation that will be paid to these
territorial officers ?
Mr. WELLER. When the President sepa-
rates them, it will.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I ask, wherefore the
necessity for placing the President in a condition
where he will be constantly harassed to separate
these appointments; and thus make his position
exceedingly uncomfortable, for such is the desire
to get into office, that we know it will be a pre-
vailing feeling. If the Senate is determined that
the superintendency shall be vested in the Gov-
ernor, let us say so, and not put the President in
this embarrassing condition. I think it is legis-
lating in a wrong way. Let us say that this
shall or shall not be so, and leave no discretion
with the President. That is my view about it,
and I hope the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs will not accept propositions of this
kind, which are merely calculated to embarrass
the President. . . .
Mr. COOPER. I do not think it will injure
the President much in that respect. -He has a
good deal of that business on hand now, and the
making of this little addition to it will not embar-
rass him a great deal. If there be no better ar-
gument against the proposition than that, I hardly
think it ought to prevail.
Mr. WALKER. I will say to the Senator
from Georgia that, as regards Minnesota, it will
not increase the amount, because there is already
a superintendent there, and the Governor now,
ex officio, discharges the duties of another superin-
| tendent; and therefore, if you leave his salary, for
I Governor alone, as it now is for Governor and
I superintendent, and take from him the duties of
I suphrintendent and impose them upon the person
] now appointed for the purpose, the amount paid
j to the two officers will be just the same as it is
i now. But if you increase his salary as Governor
i $500, and take from him the duties of superin-
: tendent of Indian affairs, and impose them upon
I the regular superintendent, you will decrease the
! amount £500, and thus save $500 a year to the
j Treasury by the operation.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. As 1 understand it, there is
now a general superintendent for Wisconsin.
Mr. WALKER. He is the northern superin-
tendent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Superintendent for Wiscon-
sin, I believe.
Mr. WALKER. Not at all. There are three
general superintendents—northern, western, and
I southern. The northern superintendent, whose
office is at present located in Wisconsin, would
be entitled to the jurisdiction of the Indians in
Minnesota, but for this exception.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The superintendent was
appointed for Wisconsin. Then, if you relieve
the Governor of Minnesota from these duties, the
question is, whether you shall put them on that
superintendent.
Mr. STUART. They go there by law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If they are thrown on that
superintendent, the question will be whether his
salary shall be increased. If his salary should not
be increased, but the Governor's salary should be
| increased by the amount thus taken from him, it
would make no change in that respect in the
amount paid. I would say the Governor's salary
should be $2,500.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have already said to the
Senator from Illinois, that I would accept his mod-
ification, and so I will, if he insists upon it; but I
think that, by pursuing a different course, we shall
relieve the amendment of the committee in relation
to the change of the location of the superintenden-
cies, which I think had better be left by itself,
without incumbering it with the provision sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois. I will pres-
ently offer an amendment to separate the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Utah from the Gov-
ernor of that Territory, for particular reasons, and
the Senator's amendment can come in then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to have it come
in at any place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Illinois
withdraw his amendment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood the Senator from
Arkansas to accept it, and I am not willing that
we shall adopt his amendment, as it now stands,
without adding mige. I wish, whenever we act in
regard to Minnesota, to make our action general;
but at the same time, I am willing that the amend-
ment of the committee, in relation to the change of
the location of superintendencies, shall be voted
on first.
! Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will say to the Senator
1 that I will offer another amendment presently to
separate the office of Governor and superintendent
! of Indian affairs in Utah, and then the Senator
can move more appropriately than here, to attach
the general provision to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well; then I withdraw
my amendment.
The blank was filled with " §2,500," and the
I amendment as thus amended, was adopted, as
I follows:
| Provided, That the President may, from time to time, in
; his discretion, remove or change the location of any of the
' superinlendencip'. now or hereafter to be established by
law Provided, That whenever the President may order
the transfer of the duties of superintendent of Indian affairs
from the Governor of the Territory of Minnesota, the salary
of said Governor shall thereafter be $3,500 per annum.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
