1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
compensation of four watchmen of the Southwest
Executive Building, from $2,000 to $9,400.
The next was to strike out the following:
For compensation of the Postmaster General, three As-
sistant Postmasters General, and the clerks, messenger' as-
sistant messengers, and watchmen of said Department,
$124,400.
and to insert in lieu thereof-^—
For compensation of the Postmaster General, three As-
sistant Postmasters General, and clerks and messengers of
said Department, $150,150.
The next was to insert among the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the Post Office
Department the following:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent of
Executive Building, provided in the third section of the act
ofthe 3d ofMarch, 1853, entitled,"An act making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1851," for the Post
Office Department, $900;
For compensation of three watchmen for the Post Office
Building, $1,800.
The next was to strike out this clause:
For printing and paper for the .Post Office Department,
$1,000.
The next was to insert, at the end of the appro-
priations for the Executive Departments, the fol-
lowing:
For paper and printing for the Executive Departments,
mcludinspaper,printing, and binding the annual " State-
ment of Commerce and Navigation," and paper, and print-
ing the annual " Estimates of Appropriations," $30,800.
The next was to amend the following clause,
among the appropriations for New Mexico: " For
contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,000;"
so as to make it read:
For contingent expenses of said Territory, including the
compensation of the person employed by the Governor as
a translator, $1,500.
The next was to insert in the provision appro-
priating $20,000 for the compensation and mileage
of the members of the Legislative Assembly of
New Mexico, its officers, clerks, and contingent
expenses, the following:
Including the compensation of the person employed by
the Governor to revi&e and correct the laws of New Mex-
ico, and the expense of printing the same.
The next was to add to the appropriations for
the Territory of New Mexico the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay for the
preservation of the archives of the Territory from May 5
to September 9. 185-3, $420.
The next was to strike out of the appropriations
for Washington Territory the following;:
For salaries of Governor, Superintendent of Indian Af-
fair:?, three judge«, and secretary. $10,500,
and in lieu thereof to insert:
For salaries of Governor, Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs, three judges, and secretary, $11,500; it being hereby
provided that the respective salaries of the Governor and
Superintendent of Indian Affairs be increased to $2,000per
annum.
The next was to add to the appropriations fo
Washington Territory the following:
To reimburse the fund appropriated to defray the pay and
mileage of mernbeis of th'i Legislative Assembly, and the
contingent expenses thereof, the amount fraudulently taken
frwn said fund by Henry V. Coltei, and to relieve Charles
H. Ma^on, "secretary of said TWntoiy, from hi* liability
therefor, §2,000.
' For compensation and expenses of commission to frame
a code of laws for the Territory, $2,500.
For the completion of the geological reconnoissance of
the Territory of Washington, and to make detailed exam-
inations iu the coal and mineral regions thereof, $10,000.
The next was to insert, after the appropriation
for the payment of district judges, the following:
For compensation of the district judge ofthe southern
district of California, commencing the 23d of Januarv,
1854, $4,028 88.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
salaries of the Attorney General, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, from §12,300 to
$19,900.
The next was to amend the clause " for salary
of the reporter of the Decisions of the Supreme
Court, $1,300," by adding to it:
If only one volume of the reports shall be published ; and
in case the Supreme Court shall direct him to publish two
volume^, then the sum of $1,300 for each volume so pub-
ished.
The next was to insert, after the appropriation
for the purchase of a custom-house site at Prov-
idence, Rhode Island, the following:
For the completion of the customhouse at San Fran-
cisco, California, including all expenses of filling in, piling,
sewers, drains, pavements, inclosure, gateways, the extin-
guishment of private claims for the possession ofthe whole
or any part thereof, and contingencies incident thereto,
$163,386 09.
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance whether
that is intended to cover what I understand has
been a compensation agreed upon by the State of
California, and the United States respecting the
custom-house lot in San Francisco ?
Mr. HUNTER,. This does not cover that. I
There is another appropriation for it. This is j
designed to finish the custom-house, to finish the j
foundation, filling in, and piling to complete the i
foundation. :
Mr. STUART. The present work, as I un- j
derstand it, is upon a lot which is in dispute. j
Mr. HUNTER. It is upon a lot that was in ■
dispute, but the State of California has consented
to accept a certain amount which is appropriated
here. j
Mr. STUART. That is what I wished to in- I
quire, whether the bill contained a provision which j
was to satisfy the State on that subject? !
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir, it does.
Mr. WELLER. The Legislature of the State
of California passed an act requiring the prop-
erty to be appraised, and providing for its trans-
fer to the United States on this Government pay-
ing one half that appraised value.
Mr. STUART. So I understood.
Mr. WELLER. The lot was appraised by
competent persons at $300,000, and therefore
would be transferred to the Federal Government
for $350,000.
Mr. STUART. So I understood,and I wished
to know whether the hill contained a provision
which was to perfect that title.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the com- ,
mittee's amendments. The next was, in the pro-
vision requiring a valid title to the first obtained, ;
and a cession of jurisdiction by the State where !
any building appropriated for by the act was to |
be erected, before any of the moneys appropriated '
hereby, to strike out the words " for any building |
mentioned in this act," and to insert " by this act
for any custom-house or marine hospital;" and to i
strike out the words u in this act" in a subsequent j
part of the same proviso. „ :
The next was to insert after the appropriation ,
for the Pittsburg custom-house, the following:
For the erection of a buildins for a boarding station at ;
Pass a 1'Outrf, Louisiana, .^3,500: Provided, That no 1
part ot said sum shall be expended until the title toihe
land selected <x^ the site of said building be first securcd to j
the United States. '
To enable tin; Secretary of the Treasury to purchase, for i
the use ofthe United States, the land arid buildings there- j
on, constituting tho boarding station at the southwest pass ■
of the Mississippi river, .$3,51)0 : Provided, That no part of j
said sum shall hi' expended until the title to saidland be se- I
cured to the United Mtates, and the consent of the Legisia- |
ture of the Statu of Louisiana obtained to said purchase. !
The next, was to insert, after the last amend-'
merit, the following: j
For the construction of an appraisei's store on a portion
of the square selected for the rustom-houso at San Fran-
cisco, California, including the expense ot piling for the 1
foundation thereof, by contract or othciwise, as the Secrc- 1
taryofth*; Treasury m;u di'em h(M, $100,000.: Provided^ j
That the >anieresirictions letjardmt* tin* completion of said
work with the *>um hereby appropriated, as are contained 1
in this act, concerning the erection and completion of
custom-houses and marine hospitals, shall be applicable
thereto.
The next amendment was in the following pro- ,
vision to strike out all after " 1853," down to
" Congress ''—[the words to be stricken out are
in brackets.]
For the purchase ofthe lots or parcels of land, with the 1
appurtenances and the buildings thereon, belonging, the one
thereof to the Bank of Commerce, and the other thereof to
the Bank of the State of New York, and particularly re-
ferred to and described in two contracts, one with each of ,
said banks, for the leasing and riL'ht to purchase the same, 1
beaung dab1 the 19th of August, 1853 : [Providp.d% That be-
fore the said purchase is completed, the State of New York ■
shall cede to the United States jurisdiction over said land ,
and property, and shall, by law, exonerate the same aird the |
property ofthe United States thereon, from all taxes, levies, i
and assessments theieon, whilst the same remains the prop- ,
ertyoi the United States,.*5530,000: Provided, however, That ,
no part of tin- appropriation w to be us^d until the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has entered into anegotiation with the :
lessors of tiie lot in question to get nd of said lease ; and ,
als<o ha-i ascertained upon what terms said lease can be dis- j
posed of; and ha-? reported the result of said negotiation to |
the next session of Congtess.] j
And to insert, in lieu of the provisoes thus pro- J
posed to be stricken out, the following: j
Five hundred and thirty thousand dollars, with interest \
thereon at the rate of six per1 centum per annum, from the
loth day of September, 3853, until sajd-purchases ^11 be
completed: Pro aided, That the' game be so completed
within one year from the day such interest is hereby author-
ized to be,paid. And the Secretary of the-Treasury £s
hereby further authorized to purchase, for the use of the
United States, such property adjoining thereto, situated on
Pine street, on which the United Slates n6w holds a mort-
gage { as may be sold to satisfy the same, at a price-not, ex-
ceeding the amount of said lien. j
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make an in-
quiry and a remark respecting the propose^ltihettci-
ment in reference to the purchase or a site for an
assay office in the State or New York. I observe
that the Committee on Finance propose to make
an amendment to the House bill by striking out
this proviso:
Provided, That, before the said purchase is completed,
the State of New York shall cede to the United States juris-
diction over said land and property, and shall, by law, ex-
onerate the same, and the property of the United Stales
thereon, from all taxes, levies, and assessments thereon,
whilst the same remains the property of the United States:
Provided, however, That no part of this appropriation is to
be used until the Secretary of the Treasury has entered into
a negotiation with the lessors of the lot in question to gel
rid of ssi-id lease; and also has ascertained upon what terms
said lease can be disposed of, and has reported the result of
said negotiation to the next session of Congress.
It is as to this amendment of theCommittee ot*
Finance to this portion of the bill that I desire to
make an inquiry. I do not exactly understand
why the House of Representatives inserted, the
provision now proposed to be stricken out, unless
the House believed that the sum of $530,000 was
too large a compensation for the building and
ground. The House must have acted upon the
idea that it was too large a compensation, .other-
wise they would not have directed the Secretary
of the Treasury to enter into negotiations with the
lessors to get clear of this conditional purchase.
Now, I should like to know from the Committee
on Finance why it is proposed to strike out this
provision which was inserted by the House of
Representatives? It seems to me that it was a
very good proposition.
Mr. PRATT. Before the Senator from Vir-
ginia answers the inquiry of the Senator =from
Pennsylvania, I wish also to make an inquiry on
the same subject. The portion of the House bill
which it is proposed to strike out.contains the
proviso which is usual, I believe, whenever the
United States acquire lands within the limits of a
State, that the State shall cede jurisdiction * and
pledge itself not to tax the property ceded. The
proviso which it is proposed to strike out is the
usual form that, before the purchase is completed,
the State of New York shall cede to the United
States jurisdiction over such land and property,
and exonerate the same as property of the United
States from all taxes and levies. I believe that
whenever the United States propose to acquire
property, they universally require the StateLegis,-
lature to relieve them from taxation on the property
so to be acquired. , . .
Mr. HUNTER. The inquiry of the Senator
from Maryland is first in order, although last
made, and I shall therefore first reply to him. We
understood that the State of New York had al-
ready released from taxation any property which
might be acquired by the United States, for .the
purpose of an assay office in the city of New York.
It was supposed, indeed it has been found from
experience, that perhaps it is better that the
( States should not cede jurisdiction. Agreatmany
j offenses may be committed there, which are cog-
j nizable by State laws, and for which they provide
■ an adequate remedy, and accordingly a motion
| will be made by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
i Hamlin,] by the authority of the Committee on
' Commerce, when the Committee on Finance shall
■ have concluded their amendments, to insert a pro-
| vision not requiring:a cession of jurisdiction.
[ Mr. PRATT. Let me say to my friend that
| the jurisdiction ceded is always a limited one,
I reserving to the States ceding jurisdiction over
I criminal offenses committed within the territory
i ceded. For example, take trie property at Annap-
olis, which was ceded by Maryland for a naval
school. The State of Maryland ceded her juris-
diction over the property, but she reserved the
right to punish criminal offenses committed within
the territory so ceded. The territory, however,
was ceded to the United States, and the right of
taxing relinquished. The Senator from Virginia
seems not to be certain on this point, He says
that he has understood that the State of New
