1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
vided in the original treaty, and required the Pres-
ident to purchase and acquire for them territory
outside the limits of Minnesota. In attempting to
execute that provision, however, he found it to be
impracticable; and, under the general authority
conferred on him by the treaty, he located them
on the reserve provided for in the treaty, but
which the Senate struck out. The license, for
it amounts to nothing more than that, which he
extended to them to reside on that reservation,
expires in five years. In the mean time, under the
treaty, different provisions were made for estab-
lishing farms, building school-houses, furnishing
them with agricultural implements, and all such
provisions as are made in favor of those who are
permanently fixed upon the soil.
The consequence is, that if the Sioux be driven
from that reserve at the end of five years, all that
we shall have gamed m the mean time in civilizing
them, and elevating their social and physical con-
dition, will be entirely lost, and the money not
only squandered, but worse than squandered. In-
asmuch, therefore, as it* is ascertained thai we
have no place to which to remove them, not occu-
pied by other Indians, and secured under treaty
stipulations, it is proposed to locate them perma-
nently on the reserve where they are now tem-
porarijy located under the arrangement made by
the President. It is understood, that the authori-
ties and Territorial Legislature of Minnesota have
agreed to the location of the Sioux there. The
provision is recommended by the Department, and
by the Indian agent for that tribe.
It is conceded, I believe, in all quarters, by
those best informed about the matter, that the
lands now reserved for their use, are in that por-
tion which is least valuable, and which will prob-
ably be the last reached by the white man in the
onward march of white population. The hope is,
that by that time they will be so fixed tothesoil that
they can make it their final and permanent resting
place, if such a thing can be found for atl Indian
at all. It is an expedient of necessity to which
we are compelled to resort. They are satisfied
with this location, and desire very much to be
permanently settled there.
The amendment, as proposed by the committee,
goes further than the original boundaries of the
reserve in the treaty, and establishes, by the
acquisition of a small amount of additional terri-
tory, the natural boundary of a river, instead of
the" artificial and arbitrary line which was to
bound the southeastern part of the country under
the tneaty. This addition gives them a small
tract of wooded country, which is very much
desired by one of their prominent chiefs, Little
Crow, now in this city, and it is but an act of
justice to give it to them for a small consideration,
■and maintain the policy of the Government in the
location of the Indians, which is to give them
fixed and permanent homes, instead of keeping
them continually floating about with the fluctua-
tions of the white population.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is to insert:
For settling the accounts of W. A. Gorman, superintend-
ent of" Indian affairs of Minnesota, for services in taking
testimony and investigating certain charges preferred against
the Hon. Alexander Ramsay, late Governor, &c., by ap-
pointment of the President of the United States, mid"
tlie resoi«tton of !Uc Senate of the United States, of the 3d
of April, 1853, SI,416;
For expenses of witnesses in said case, summoned on
behalf of respondent, and for copying the evidence, $50 0.
The first, item in t,hfs amendment is estimated
for, and recommended in the official documents
on the files of the Senate, by the proper Depart-
ment. The appropriation is for arrearages of ex-
penses incurred in carrying out the resolution of
the Senate, passed at the last session, requiring an
investigation to be made into the official conduct
of Governor Ramsay. That investigation, as
wil! be remembered, was turned over to the Pres-
ident. The proper Department, the Secretary of
the Interior, has paid a portion of these expenses
out of the contingent fund of that Department; but
for some reason did not pay the balance. I be-
lieve he came to the conclusion that the payment
was not chargeable to the contingent fund of that
Department, but should be made out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate. The Senate has paid
a portion of the expenses, for instance, the pel'
diem of Judge Yonng, one of the commissioners,
out of its contingent fund; but there is still a bal-
ance remaining, as embraced in this amendment,
of expenses incurred in the execution of that res-
olution, not yet paid out of any fund. They cer-
tainly constitute a legitimate charge upon some
Department, or upon some fund; and we propose
to ingraft them, where we think they most prop-
erly belong—upon the general Indian appropria-
tion bill.
The details of the estimate provide for the pay-
ment of Governor Gorman, the other commis-
sioner, at the same rate as Judge Young, for a
shorter period, and for the payment of the mar-
shal and attorney employed, at the usual rate, and
of the witnesses in attendance. The second item,
embraces an amount of $250, which we believe
to be a reasonable allowance to the person em-
ployed by Judge Young to copy, arrange, and
methodize the evidence taken; which is a very
large volume, and would amount, I suppose, to a
large printed octavo volume. The other $350,
making up the §600, is estimated for the purpose
of covering the expenses of witnesses summoned
by the Government at the instance of Governor
Ramsay himself. It is believed that this was a
proper charge, as part of the expenses, and ought
te be paid equally with the witnesses summoned
on the part of the United States. No specific re-
turn of the expenses of these witnesses has been
made; but it was suggested by Governor Ramsay
himself, that $350 would be sufficient to cover the
amount. It is in that way that the appropriation
is asked for.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, of
what items the allowance of $1,416 to Governor
Gorman is composed ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That amount is not for
Governor Gorman alone, but it includes the sum
to be paid to the marshal and to the attorney.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know whether
the resolution of the Senate required the Governor
to dischatge this duty. It seems to me to be im-
proper thus to add to the emoluments of one officer.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In answer to the inquiry
of the Senator from Virginia, 1 will state that I
have in my hand an estimate of the items making
up that aggregate of $1,41G, and I ask that it be
read, in order that the Senator may see of what
items this sum is made up.
The Secretary read the statement, as follows:
Executive Oitice, Saint Paul.
The United States in-account with W. A. Gorman.
For services m taking testimony and investigating cer-
tain chaiges preferred against Hon. Alexander Itamsay,
late Governor, &c., by appointment by the President of the
United States under the resolution of the United States
Senate.
From 4th July till 1st day of October, 1853, 87 days, sta-
tionery, &e., at .$8 per day.   $(,96 00
Services of Lafayette Emmett, Esq., attorney
general of Minnesota, called by the commis-
sioners to represent the Government, $5 per
day  435 00
For services of William 11. Dodd, Esq., as deputy
marshal m serving subpenas, returns, mile-
age, Sec      160 00
Services of Robert A. Smith for copying records
of evidence  75 00
To J. M. Stone, for services as notary public in
personal attendance, swearing witnesses during
the whole investigation  50 00
$1,416 00
I certify that the above aceount is just, as allowed by the
commissioners, and is due and unpaid.
W. A. GORMAN.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that it is right to
pay an officer liberally for services which he dis-
charges under his appointment, but it seems to
me that it is improper to be heaping upon one
officer employments and emoluments m this way.
If the resolution of the Senate required the Gov-
ernor to execute these duties, I suppose he would
be entitled to some additional compensation. I
should like to know who estimates for this sum—
whether the amount is allowed at the Department,
or whether it is a mere charge made by Governor
Gorman himself?
Mr. "SEBASTIAN. The President of the
United States, in carrying out the resolution of
the Senate, conferred the authority to make this
investigation on Governor Gorman, who was then,
and is now, the superintendent of Indian affairs
in that Territory, and Judge Young. He asso-
ciated them together for the purpose of carrying
on that investigation. Now, wherever we allow
emoluments to' a commissioner of this sort, it is at
the rate of eight dollars a day. I think that anal-
ogy is preserved for the rates of compensation to
all persons acting as commissioners for the Gov-
ernment. That compensation has'been paid by
the resolution of the Senate to Judge Young, and
expressly promised in the letter of appointment to
that gentleman. Governor Gorman performed the
same service, but for a shorter period of time, and
asks for exactly the same compensation per day
whilst he was engaged in what he contends, and
I think very properly, to have been an extra
official duty, something not contemplated, and
certainly beyond the sphere of his ordinary official
duties. His business as Governor of the Terri-
tory and Superintendent of Indian Affairs, does
not necessarily impose upon him, by virtue of
those offices, the duty of performing extra official
labor as a commissioner of the United States, to
investigate charges of misconduct against any
officer. I think, therefore, if this compensation
is not allowed by law, it is proper that we should
allow it by this appropriation. The question
whether he is allowed by the existing laws for
extra official services or not, is a question which I
am not able to decide; probably he is not, but the
effect of the appropriation, if the Senate agree to
it, will be to make him this allowance; and it is
for that purpose we have offered the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I can only say that I think
it an exceedingly bad precedent to establish, to
allow Governors of Territories to receive additional
offices and emoluments, it is supposed that the
duties imposed upon them in relation to theTerri-
tories themselves, and the superintendence of In-
dian affairs, fully occupy theirtime. I think, sir,
that when such inquiries as these are proposed,
or such appointments are to be made, it will be
better to employ persons who are not engaged in
another capacity in the service of the United
States.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance will withdraw
his objection to this appropriation. This gentle-
man, holding a particular office, was called upon
by the joint action, I may say, of the Senate and
of the President, to institute an inquiry in its
nature judicial, troublesome, vexatious, having no
connection whatever with the appropriate duties
of his office. He was asked to do it by the Presi-
dent. He was directed to do it by the President.
And this has been done in consequence of the
Senate having refused to institute the investiga-
tion, and having turned it over to the Executive
branch of the Government as the most proper
place in which the investigation should be carried
on. I do think he ought to be paid for those
services. They had no connection in the world,
in my opinion, with the office which he heldi I
will stand by my friend from Virginia, as he
knows, in resisting all improper charges against
the Treasury; but I think he ought not to resist
this.
Mr. DAWSON. As I understand the matter,
Governor Ramsay was in office as Governor of
Minnesota and superintendent of Indian affairs
in thatTerritory,and was succeeded by Governor
Gorman. An investigation was instituted into
the conduct of Governor Ramsay asGovernorand
superintendent of Indian affairs in that Terri-
tory. Now the question raised by my friend from
Virginia, as I understand it, is this: whether it
was not a part of the duty of Governor Gorman,
in settling with his predecessor, Governor Ram-
say, to ascertain the state and condition of the
affairs in relation to the superintendency prior to
his going in? It is, whether the very object of
his appointment was not to carry on these unfin-
ished affairs, and see that they had been correctly
administered before. Now, as I understand it,
Governor Gorman was in office when this inquiry
was instituted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator from
Georgia allow me to correct a misapprehension
into which I think he has fallen?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly; I wish to know
the facts.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Governor Gorman suc-
ceeded Governor Ramsay with the change of
Administration; hut it was not the duty of the
successor of Governor Ramsay to settle with him,
Governor Ramsay has settled with the Depart-
ment. Probably some funds left in his possession
were ordered to be turned over to his successor;
but the charges in relation to official misconduct
