1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mm
ina, and supplying Josses of floating beacons and buoys,
and chains and sinkers for the same, and lor coloring arid
numbering all the buoys$ $89,357 32.
The next amendment was to insert the following
i rt the bill:
For expenses which may be incurred in acknowledging
the set vices of the masters and crews of foieign vesseH ill
rebelling citizens and vessels of the United States from ship-
wreck, $5,000 : Provided, That the same shall be expended
muter the direction of the President of the United States.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery, aims of the
United States, presses, and flagranti for the payment of
pn-?ta«es foi the consuls of the United States, $10,000.
The next amendment was to strike out of the fol-
lowing clause " $97,200,"and insert (t $160,000:"
For salaries and commissions of registers of land offices,
a>nd receivers of public moneys, $97,200.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
following clause" $14,600, "and insert41 £50,000:"
•For expenses of depositing public moneys by receivers
of public moneys, ,$14,600.
The next was to strike out" $18,100 " from the
following clause:
" For inc idental expenses of the several land offices,
$18,100,"
and insert:
Including now offices not heretofore ptovided for, §40,000.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims
in California, including office expenses incident to the sur-
vey of the claims, and to bedisbuised attheratos prescribed
by law for the different kinds of work, $300,000.
For lent of suiveyor general's office in California, pur-
chase of instruments, records, drawing materials, furniture,
fuel, pay uf messenger, .$18,300.
For compensation ol diauiditsmeii and clerks, in addition
to the amount heretofoie estimated, the same being required
in consequence of the mere >sed amount of field-work pro-
posed to be executed, $21,000.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing:
For two additional clerks in the office of the Superin-
tendent of ihe Public Printing, authorized by the joint reso-
lution approved February 6, 1854, £1,500 each, $3,U00.
The next was to insert the following:
Forerunning the northwestern boundary line between the
United States and Great Britain, from the Lake of the
Wood" to the Pacific ocean, for marking the forty-ninth
parallel, and for such sm vey as may be necessaty to fi * isaid
boundary between the mam and Vancouver's Island, and
including the compensation of the officers and others em
ployed in the woik, £242,175.
The next was to strike out the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to replace the
moneys already paid for rents, and to pay the semi-annual
payment tor rent fallingdnp on the 1st day of January, 1855,
on the two leases, each bearing date the 19th day of Au
gust, 1853, one thereof with the Bank of the State of New
York, and the other thereof from the Bank ol Commerce,
both being for property on Walt street m the city of New
York, leased for the u*e of the assay office in the cily of
New Fork, $68,458 33.
The next was to strike out of the following
clause the proviso:
For the Capitol extension, .$750,000: Provided, That
each and all pei^orx who have been, or may be appointed
hereafter, to disburse the money winch is now, oi may here
after be appropriated for the building or repair of any of the
edifices or stiuetures for which appiopri.uions are made in
this act, and are not now required by law to give bond and
security, shall give bond, with good securities, in sufficient
penalty, to be approved ot by the head of the department
under winch *ueh disbursement may be made, or the Presi-
dent of the United States, when the work shall be specif-
ically under his direction.
The next was to insert the following:
For continuing the work for a supply of water to the
Cities of Washington arid Georgetown, $,">00 O00.
For completing the bridge over the Potomac river near
the Little Falls, $75,000.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the honorable Senator
whether $75,000 are sufficient to complete that
bridge?
Mr. HUNTER. That is the estimate. Weput
in the estimate, and we know no other rule.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Virginia, whether, if this amend-
ment be passed, we shall be giving our consent to
the water works ?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sena-
tor objects, the amendment will be passed over.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments.
The next was to insert the following:
For permanent repair of the roof the Capitol with copper,
$2,000.
The next was to insert:
For alterins the streets, and repairing in front of the east
wing of the Patent Office, patting up iron railings, flaging,
footway, putting in order yards, painting new saloon of the
Patent Office m fresco, $14,250.
The next was to insert:
For fuel for the President's House, $1,000.
For a furnace keeper at the President's House, $305.
The next was to insert:
For grading done by order of Ignatius Mudd, late Com-
missioner of Public liuildmgs, in reservation number sev-
enteen. between Third street east and New Jersey avenue,
$484 89.
The next was to add the following additional ;
section:
Jlnd ke it farther cna- ted, That the third section of the !
act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex- I
penses of the Government for the year ending the 30th of j
June, 1854, p ovidmsj for the classification ot the cleiks in ;
the Tr4fcsury, War, Navy, Interior, and Post Office Dep.tit- j
ments, as amended by the act of April 22, 1854, shall be, j
and the same is hereby, further amended, as follows, to }
wit: In the officc of the Fir.-t Comptroller there shall be I
two additional clerks of class three ; and in the office of j
the First Auditor there snail be one clerk taken fiom class ,
three and placed in cld*s four, and four additional clerk* J
allowed of class one; and in the Thud Auditor's office '
five clerks shall be taken from class three and placed in
class four, and twenty-seven temporary clerks shall be
placed in class one, and one temporary clerk in class three,
and four temporary cleiks in class two ; and in the Sixth
Auditor's office one clerk shall betaken from class three
and placed in class four, and there shall be added to the
clerks in this office ten of class one ; and in the Register's
office two cleiks shall be taken from clas> three and placed
in (lass four, and two additional cleiks added of class one ;
and m the Treasurers Office one clerk shall betaken from
cl;«s>s two, and one clerk ftom cla-s thiee, and placed in
class four, and two additional clerks allowed to class one;
and m the General Land Office the principal draughtsman
shall be classed and paid as a clerk of the third class, and
the assistant draughtsman as a cleikof the second class ;
and in the office of the Secretary of War there shall be
added one clerk of class four; in the office of the Adju-
tant General there shall be one additional clerk of cU<s
one; and in the office of the Topogiaphical Engineers
one scientific draughtsman as a clerk of class four;
and for the supermtendenoy of the building on the comer
of F and Seventeenth streets, the Secretaiy of War is
authorized to appoint some one clerk of Iih Department
other than the disbuiMiig clerk, for that purpose, who shall
be allowed, in addition to hU salaiy as clerk, ^"200 ; m the ;
Postmaster General's Office there shall be seven additional
clerks, two of class two, one of class three, and one of
class four; and in the office of the Attorney Gcnoial, in j
lieu of the clerks now authorized by law, there shall be one '
chief clerk, at a salary of $2,200, one clerk of cla->s one,
three of cla*s two, two of class three, and one of class four.
And the Prebidentof the United States is hereby authorized,
whenever it may in his judgment be necessary, to cause ,
counsel to be employed to assist in the prosecution or
defense of causes which may be pending in the Supreme ■
Court in whieh the United Statesman* interested, and to j
allow to such counsel such compensation as he mav deem ;
reasonable. And in the Department of State, instead ot the j
clerks now authorized by law, there .shall be four clerks of ,
class one, thiee of class two, seven of class three, and four >
of cla^s four. One clerk of cla«s four shall be designated ;
by the superintendent to bupeunteud ihe nonhwest Nxecu- !
tive building, and to disbui e all moneys belonging to the I
service of said Department not otherwise provided for, who
shall give bonds as provided for by the independent treas- |
urv act, and receive an additional compensation therefor of |
$200 per annum. There shall be one chief of the diplomatic,
and one chief of the consular branch of the public service,
one examiner of claims for indemnity preferred by States ;
of the United States against foreign Governments, and by I
the latter against the foimer, who shall perform their duties ,
as the Secretary of State may designate; each of whom
shall lecuive an annual salaiy of £.-2,000; and the chief|
clerk of said Department shall receive an annual salary of :
£2 200. No clerk not now employed in the State Depart- '
ment shall hereafter be appointed until fie has been exam- ;
ined by u boaid, to consist of three examiners, to be se- :
lected by the Secretary of State, and found qualified m
certain particulars to be prescribed by the said Secretary in
fixing beforehand a general standard of qualifications for
the clerks to be employed in his Department.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the second section of ihe act of 22d of April, 1854, entitled
" An act to amend the third section of the act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses ot gov-
ernment for the year ending the .}('th of June, 1854, and for
other purpose®," be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
And from and after Ihe 1st day of July, 1654, the annual
salary of the stamp and blank agent for the Post Office De-
partment «hall bp the same as clerks m the departments of
the second class ; and that of the cierk in the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings the same as clerks of the
first class ; and the Secretaries of State, Treasmy, Interior,
War, and Navy, Post master General, and Attorney General,
be authorized io employ one principal messenger each, a tan
annual salaiy of $900, in lieu of those now so employed, and
the salary of all other messengers and assistant messengers,
includincthe packers m the General Land Office, heretofore
authorized by law to be employed in the Executive Depart-
ments in Washington, the messenger m the office of the
Commissioner of Public Ruidings doorkeeper and assist-
ant doorkeeper at the Executive Mansion, and keeper of
the western gate, Capitol square, shall be.«7o0 per annum ;
and the annual salary of the watchmen employed at the
Capitol, President's House,and the Executive Departments,
and the Aux.liary Guards, shall be $600; and the public,
gardener shall receive $1,400 per annum ; and the captain ;
of the police of the Capitol shall receive'$1,600, .and each
of his assistants $1^300 each per annum'}' and a! 1 laborera:m
the employment^ the Executive Depanmeu^Jn^hectiy of
Washington shall receive an annua? salary of $480.. each ;
and for the payment of tire excess Of the stfm£ herfeih re-
quired to be paid over and above those elsewhere contained
in this act for said payment, there shall be* added ^thereto
respectively such further sums as together will eqtial-tji#
amounts herein authorized, out of any money in thelYeas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. ' ' . ' / ' ;
Mr. JAMES. I suggest to the chairman ofxhe
Committee on Finance a small amendment, tain-
sert after the words 44 Auxiliary Guards,'* "find
the watchmen of the Capitol extension.",
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection tojthat:
Mr. ADAMS. I mo.ve to amend the section
by inserting after the words which have been in-
serted on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, " watchmen on the Capitol extension," the
words "keeper ofLafayette square,"so as to make
his salary $600.
Mr. CLAY. I would suggest that that is what
his compensation is now. He gets two dollars a
day.
Mr, HUNTER, If he gets that, I think it
ought to do. Two dollars a day is $730. I am
willing to put him equal with tne messengers, at
$750. That will be enough.
Mr. ADAMS. I will suggest $800.
Mr. HUNTER. The keeper of the Capitol
gate gets $750, and the keeper of Lafayette fquare
ought not to get more than he does. J would
suggest to the "Senator that it would be better to
put htm on the same footing with the keeper of the
Capitol gate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest that the
proposition oP*the Senator from Mississippi re-
duces the amount.
Mr. ADAMS. I will say $800 dollars per
annum.
Mr. HUNTfpL 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator to insert, " the keeper of Lafayette square,"
after the words " keeper of the western gate, Cap-
tol square." That will give him $750 per annum,
the same as the gate-keeper gets.
Mr. ADAMS, i will accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS., I want to suggest another
amendment to the Senator from Virginia, which,
it occurs to me, is just and necessary. The sec-
tion now provides that the salary of "the mes-
senger in the office of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, doorkeeper and assistant doorkeeper
at the Executive Mansion, and keeper of the west-
ern gate, Capitol square, shall be $750." And
then it says " the annual salary of the watchmen
^employed at the Capitol, President's House, and
the Executive Departments, and the auxiliary
guards, shall be $600." I suggest to the Senator
that the watchmen should be put on the same foot-
ing with those others, at $750; because their duties
are much more onerous and laborious and trying.
They occur at night as well as in thedaytime; and
I know these men suffer a great deal more than the
others. They perform more difficult duties.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that this $600 is the amount of $500 whieh
the watchmen used to get, with the twenty per
cent, given by the bill of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Adams.] It may be that the watch-
men of the Capitol ground are in the habit of
getting more than the others. I am not aware of
the fact. We equalized all the watchmen of the
Departments, and gave them the highest salary
that any one now receives—$600. We thought
that enough.
Mr. SHIELDS. But I want this to apply to
all Executive departments, because 1 know that j
these men have more onerous duties to perform
than the messengers.who get $750, and only per- Jr
form duties during three hours of the day, while
i the watchmen perform duties during twenty-four
| hours.
| Mr. HUNTER. We found those grades es-
| tablished, and I suppose that they have so con-
1 unued from the institution of the Government—
i messengers receiving more than the watchmen,
and different classes of messengers receiving com-
pensation. We have not attempted to change
that system. We have given the watchmen the
highest salary which any one of) them was re-
cei ving. We thought that was doing enough, and
I suggest to the Senator from Illinois, whether
there must not be some end to this increase of
