"288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 81.
Mr, HAMILTON. I propose to debate that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it must go over.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. An adverse
report upon the bill for the relief of John Drout
and Eliza Merrill was presented by the Committee
onjnvalid Pensions, which, with the bill, was or-
dered to lie upon the table. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the table,
with a view of having it recommitted. 1 will state
that L do it with the assent of the gentleman who
made the report.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There is evidently
•no quorum present. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw the motion until this matter can be
disposed of. It will take but a moment, and lam
sure there can be no objection. I state again that
the gentleman who made the adverse report from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions is willing that
the bill should be recommitted. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS declined to withdraw the motion.
The question was put, and the motion was agreed
to; and
The House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 31, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, comnju-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senaie, information in relation to the improve-
ment of the Arkansas river; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating that portion of the annual report
for the year 1853 which relates to arts and manu-
factures; which was ordered to he on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. WELLER moved that the usual extra
number of copies be printed; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of inspect-
ors of customs for the port of Baltimore, praying
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of forty-
three citizens of Wayne county, in New York,
praying an appropriation of public lands for the
construction of a ship canal around the falls of
Niagara; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray-
ing that a contract may be entered into with Chris-
tian Hansen, for the transportation of the United
States mail, by steamers, between Brooklyn and
certain ports in Europe; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
Charles McCormtck, an assistant surgeon in the
Army, asking to be allowed a percentage on
money disbursed by him under the act of March
2, 1847; which was referred to the Committee on
Military AlFairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of the
New Orleans Chamber of Commerce, prayingthat
provision be made by law for the remission of du-
ties on merchandise destroyed by fire; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
George Alexander, praying pecuniary relief on
account of loss of health while in the service of
the United States Commission to run the north-
eastern boundary line; which was referred to tlfe
Committee on Claims.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Minerva Catlett, widow of Hanson Cdtlett, a
surgeon in the Army, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JNORRIS presented the petition of the cap-
tain and members of the Auxiliary Guard of the
city of Washington, praying an increase of com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on-the District of Columbia. I
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of the offi-
cers and crew of the United States frigate St. Law-
rence, praying to be allowed an increase of pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CHASE. I ask leave to submit the peti-
tion of certain citizens of Cincinnati, who represent
that the commerce and the interests of the citizens
of the western States suffer great losses in conse-
quence of the obstructions at the fails of the Ohio,
at Louisville. They represent that aprivate com-
pany have been organized to construct a canal on
the Indiana side, the canal on the Kentucky side
not being sufficient for the commerce of the river.
They ask that an appropriation, either of land or
of money, may be made by the Government in aid
of that company. I move that the petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of John Bron-
son, praying compensation for losses of property
destroyed by Indians during1 the last war, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was refen ed the petition of John
P. McElderry, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill allowing a
credit for a limited period for duties on railroad
iron imported into the United States, reported it
back with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PRATT, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to in-
coiporate the National Hotel Company of Wash-
ington City; which whs read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MALLORYasked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to constitute
Palatka and Bayport, in the State of Florida,
ports of delivery, respectively; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FOOT, according to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to incorpo-
rate the National Pacific Railroad Company;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FOOT. 1 had intended, Mr. President,
upon the introduction of that bill, to explain at
some length its several provisions; but inasmuch
a5* the whole subject is now before a Select Com-
mittee, I shall forbear trespassing upon the time
allotted to the ordinary business of the morning
hour, and therefore move the reference of the bill
to the Select Committee, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Matthew Rippy be with-
drawn from tin-files of tlx* Senaie, and referred to the Com-
mittee oa Piivdie Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordeied. That thr; petition of the heir* of John Ireland
be withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate, and refeired to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Caty White, widow of Lieu-
tenant William H'Inte, ot the levoluuurniry army, he with-
drawn from the files ot the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON", it was
Ordered, That the petition of Captain C. L. Easton be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Commntee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted t0 withdraw tile petition
and pajjeis ot Don J uan Virgil.
SEIZURE OF THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolred, Thar the Prendentbe requested to communicate*'
to the Se iiAte, if not incompatible with ihc public interest, '
copies of all correspondence between the Governments of I
the United States and Great Britain in regard to ih^ Sand- i
wich Islands, including copies of all communications bs- |
tween the Secretary of State and Mr. Fox, the British
Minister, during the years 1843 and in regard to the
independence of those inlands, and especially of the letters
of Mr. Fox to Mr. Upshur of the 25th of June, 184:?, and of
Mr. Upshur to Mr. Pox of the 5th J ulv, 1843; al«o, a copy
of any protest or other communication from the King of the
Sandwich Islands to this Government in regard to the
seizure of those islands by Lord George Paulet, commander
of hi5® Britannic Majexty's shipCarysfort, and of any reply
of this Government thereto.
DEFENSE OF BALTIMORE.
Mr. PEARCE submitted' the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: «
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate a statement, showing the
amount of money that has been allowed and paid under the
acts of 26th June, 1834, and 29th May, 18M0, to thp owners
of the following-named vessels, sunk for the defense of the
harbor of Baltimore, to \v«t: Ship Scioto, schooner Packet,
ship Packet, brig Ann, brig Betsey, brig George, frhip Adri-
ana, schooner Scudder, brig Blanche, brig Sally, ship Mars,
sloop Rosanna, schooner Enterprise, brig Eliza, brig Swal-
low, schooner Columbia, ship Thomas Wilson, and ship
Chesapeake.
APPEAL FROM DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instiucted to inquire into the expediency of providing for
appeals from the district courts of the. United States in the
State of Florida to one of the circuit courts of the United
States, in all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction
in which the amounts in controversy may be less than two
thousand dollars, exclusive of costs.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted tha follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolred, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a po>t route from Macedonia, via Bethlehem,
to Glemvood, in Iowa.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN NEBRASKA.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the bill grant-
ing a portion of public lands to the State of Wis-
consin, to aid in the construction of a railroad
and branch road in said State, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
it proposes to grant to the State of Wisconsin,
(for the purpose of aiding: in the construction of a
railroad from near its southern boundary, east of
range thirteen, by way of Janesville, in Rock
county, and Fon-du-Lac, on Lake Winnebago, to
such point on Lake Superior as may be designated
under its authority, and for the construction of a
branch railroad from Janesville, by way of Madi-
son, to the St. Croix river, near the falls thereof)
every alternate section of land designated by odd
numbers, for six sect ons m width on each side of
the road and branch road, with the right to take
other lands, within fifteen miles of the ?roads, in
case the lands aio.igtherouteshall have been sold,
or may be subject to preemption rights. It also
proposes to double the price of the reserved sec-
tions.
Mr. WALKER.. I wish to say very briefly
that this bill is reported according to the form
agreed upon by the Committees on Public Lands
of the two Houses of Congress, it passed the
Senate at the last session, making a grant of a
greater quantity of land than is now proposed,
i pimply ask the Senate to vote upon it, whatever
its voice may be in regard to it. It is reported
upon unanimously by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DAWSON. I should like to be informed
whether there has been a survey made of the route
of the road ?
Mr. WALKER. There has, and it has been
located.
Mr. DAWSON. I should like to know the
number of miles of the main road and branch,
load.
Mr. WALKER. That cannot be answered
definitely at present. I said that the road was lo-
cated. The northern terminus of it strikes the
line of Michigan. Before it can pass through
Michigan, some action of that State will be re-
quired. 1 believe that the length of the road is
about one hundred and ninety miles; but 1 would
say this, that if it were longer, passing through
public lands of the character that they are in that
portion of the State, the better it would be for the
Government, because there is no means by which
