1856
THE' 'Cb^M^dNAL'
July 22.
salary. We have been dealing pretty liberally
with the employees in this District.
Mr; SHIELDS. I have not even commenced
the increase of salaries, but I know that these
watchmen, who are compelled to stay outall night,
are entitled at least to the pay of a messenger,
who has services to perform only three hours in a
day; and I therefore move to amend by giving
them $750.
Mr. ADAMS.- The amendment reported from
the Committee on Finance increases the compen-
sation of a portion of these employees to §600.
If you commence with one, you must go to the
other. The Senator from Illinois is not advised,
perhaps, of the annoyance and discontent that
these arrangements produce among the different
employees. I am convinced that a large portion
of them would be content with $600, as provided
for by the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
committee.
It was to add the following as an additional
section:
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That from and after
tbe 30th of June, J85the pay of the librarian shall be
$2,000, the pay of the two principal assistants each $ 1,800,
that of the third assistant §1,200, and that of themessenger
$1,080 per annum.
Mr. PEARCE. It is necessary to amend that
by inserting, after the word " librarian,>f the
words *' of Congress.",
The modification was made.
The next amendments of the committee pro-
pose to insert the following additional sections:
Sec. 7. Jlni be it farther enacted, That the sum of
$300,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid to the State of California, for the expenses ol the gov-
ernment of said State from its organisation until its admis-
sion into the Union.
Sec.8. Andbeit further enacted, Thatall personselaim-
iug any interest in, or portion of, any grant of land derived
from the Spanish or Mexican (Jovermncnt in Upper Cali-
fornia, where such original grant has heretofore been pre-
sented to the bo ird of land commissioners within the time
specified in the thirteenth section of the act of the 3d of
March, 18.51, but who have failed to present to the said
board the evidence of their derivative title to said interest
or portion fiomthc oiigmal giantec, be, and they are hereby,
authorized to presentthe same and the said commissioners
are hereby directed to adjudicate the said interest or por-
tion in the same manner as if it had been presented within
the time originally prescribed by the aforesaid act of the
yd of March, 1851, entitled " An act to ascertain and settle
the private land claims in the State of California."
Seu. 9. *8nd he it further enacted, That the first provide
to the first section of the act entitled {kAn act to proviso
compensation to such persons as may be designated hy the
Secretary of the Treasury to receive and keep the publie
money, under the fifteenth section of the act of 6th August,
1846, for the additional services required under that act,"
approved March 2, 185;), shall not be construed to apply to
the collector of the district ol Buffalo Creek, while such
collector shall be one of the designated depositors of public
moneys.
Sec. 10. Jlnd he it further enacted. That the accounts
of the publit printers, and the certificates of the Hupeun
tendent of Public Printing thereon, so far as the ^aine relate
to tbe printing for the Executive Departments, shall be
subject to the examination and control of the accounting
officers and Secretary oi the Treasury in like manner as
other public accounts*, and those winch relate to the
printing for the Senate and House of Representatives shall
bo subject to the examination and control oi the respective
Houses in like manner as other expendituies for said
Houses.
Mr. BADGER. Thenextamendment,printed
among the amendments coining from the Com-
mittee on Finance, i. am authorized by the com-
mittee to move. It was agreed to by them, on
my suggestion. I therefore, in order that it may
be understood, have included it here, and now ask
that it may be read; and then I shall make a word
of explanation upon it.
The amendment was to add two additional sec-
tions, as follows:
Sec. 11. sdiul be it fmtker enadtd, That the President of
the United States be, and lie is heieby, authorized to ap-
point or employ, iri his official household, the following
officers, to wit: One private secietaiv, at a yearly salary
of $2,500; one clerk, at a yeaily salary of .91,600; one
steward, at a yearly salary of {JL,0*00, who shall, undei the
direction nf the President, have charge of, and he respon-
sible for, the plate andfurmlure of the Prcsident5*inansion,
and shall discharge such other duties as the President may
assign him ; one messenger, at a yearly salary ol $900 j and
one assistant me^engei, at a yearly saiarv ol S~50. And
for the payment of the compensation of the said officers
during the present fiscal year, the sum of $6,750, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 12. Jind he it further enacted, That a yearly appro-
priation be made for the purchase of stationery, binding
public document*, and other contingent expenses of the Ex-
ecutive office, to be expended by the private secretary, un-
der the direction of the President; and for that purpose,
during the present fiscal year, $650 is hereby appropriated
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will excuse
me for making a very brief statement in regard
to this amendment. I have long been impressed
with thfc propriety and necessity of making some
provision like what has just been read in" regard
to the President's official household. As things
stand at present, the President has but one sec-
retary—his private secretary—and he is a mere
private employee of his, and indeed, he has no
means for compensating him except out of his
own pocket, or by putting him in the diflpharge
of the office of clerk to sign patents. Whatever
may have been the state of things at the com-
mencement of this Government, it is beyond all
doubt that the duties required of the office of
President of the United States requires some effi-
cient clerical assistance. I know, Mr. President,
it was so as far back as the time when I had the
honor of a seat in the Cabinet; and every Sena-
tor must lotow that if it was necessary then, it is
necessary now. I have considered it rather dis-
creditable that the President of the United States
should have neither a secretary orcleik furnished
to him by the Government for the purpose of aid-
ing him in the performance of the work essential
to the transaction of the public business. There-
fore I have proposed, by the amendment, to allow
him a private secretary and a clerk.
In the next place I propose to allow him a stew-
ard to his household to take the superintendence
and charge of the plate, furniture, and other public
property of the mansion. I shall give a distinct
reason why it seems to me it is very clear that
such a provision should be made. We are m the
habit every four years of appropriating large sums
of money for furnishing ami refurnishing the
President's House, it cannot be expected that
the PresidentoftheUmted States himself is to take
the superintendence and charge of this public furni-
ture. The persons whom he employs for ordinary
domestic services have enough to do to attend to
the ordinary services of his private household;
and besides, sir, the man who should take charge
of that property ought to be a person of a different
grade from those who can be obtained for ordinary
employment at fifteen or twenty dollars a month.
T mention this fact in illustration of the waste and
dilapidation that takes place in the public prop-
erty in the President's Mansion. I recollect
well, when General Harrison was elected Presi-
dent, the first thing he had to order, after he en-
tered the White House as President, was a bed;
because there were not enough there to accommo-
date his family. It seems to me clear that if it is
proper for Congress, if it is right, as undoubtedly
it is, to make appropriations for this furniture, it
is a measure of reasonable precaution and just
economy to have an officer there in charge of it,
and to superintend the delivery of this public prop-
erty from the out going President into the hands
of the official representative of his successor.
1 then propose to allow the President a mes-
senger. lie has now nobody to act in tiiat capa-
city. Every head of a Department has n messen-
ger, every head of a bureau has a messenger, and
it is known to every gentleman who has business j
with the Executive departments, that in the ordi- j
nary transactions between the President and the ;
Departments, valuable and important public pa- J
pers have to be sent forwauls and backwards, for j
which purpose, as far as the President is con- .
cerned, he has no person. i
Then, sir, the amendment embraces another \
provision, the propriety of which is apparent.
It is a small appropriation of §650 for the binding
of public documents, for stationery, and other
contingent expenses of the President's office.
Now, sir, at this time, and up to this lime, the
President of the United States, for any purpose,
is not furnished with the ordinary stationery
which he uses. He receives it—how r By con-
tributions made from the different Departments,
or from one of the Departments, which I do not
think is a respectable and creditable manner of
supplying the Chief Magistrate of the country
with the stationery which he uses. Why should
not the President of the United States have it ? I
hope there will be no objection to the amendment
which 1 take pleasure in offering, as it comes with
i more propriety from one belonging- to another
| party than that to which the President belongs,
j Mr. PRATT. It seems to me that this amend-
j ment will incumber the President with too many
I officers and servants. On one page of the bill I
' find two door-keepers provided for him. Then
■ there is another officer appointed to make fires,
' and on some other page two other officers are ap-
j pointed besides those which I have mentioned.
1 Then the amendment which the Senator proposes
1 is to oblige the President to appoint others.
Mr. BADGER. The President is not obliged
! to appoint them at all.
Mr. PRATT. It will incumber him with too
many officers.
' -The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) If there he no proposition to amend
1 the section reported from the committee, the Sec-
retary will.proceed to read the next amendment.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
' ing as an additional section:
Sec. 13. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the authority
given by the eleventh section of the act approved March 3,
1853, entitled "An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year end-
' inn the 30th of June, 1854,to tbe treasurer of the assay
' office in New York to issue his certificate of the net value
of any bullion or coins deposited in said office is hereby
; suspended, and shall not be exercised except at such time
| or times, and during such periods as the Secretary of the
' Treasury shall he of opinion that the interests of the public,
or of those making such deposits, or the condition of the
] Treasury, render it expedient or convenient to issue such
: certificate?. And whenever the Secretary of the Treasury
1 shall deem it expedient,he mayauthorizetheissuingofthe
1 said certificates. The receipts directed by the aforesaid
section to be given by the treasurer of the assay office for
i any gold or silver bullion, in dust or otherwise, or for any
foreign coin to be deposited in the said office, shall be pay-
able at the option of the depositor, to be expended in the
receipt either in coins of the same metal ;is that deposited
1 (to be paid as soon as such bullion or coin can be assayed,
or the value thereofascertainedeithei at the office ot the As-
: Mutant Treasurer of the United States in New York,or at the
Mint of the United States, a? the depositor shall prefer) or in
bars, discs, or ingots, either of pme metal or of the standard
fineness, or made from the identical metal deposited with-
out refining—but in all cases such bars, di-os, or ingots
shall bear a stntnp of such form and device as shall be pre-
sented by the Secretary of tbe Treasury, accurately desig-
nating their weight and fineness; and all gold or silver de-
posited 111 the assay office, either to he struck into coin at
the Mint, or to be "refined or assayed, shall be subject to the
charges prescribed by law tor such operations at the Mint
[ or bianch mints of the United States.
Mr. FISH. I move to amend that section by
, adding attheend of it the words 'Ho none others."
The main clause of that section is intended as ex-
planatory. There was a doubt, under the exist-
: ing laws, as to whether the coin deposited in the
assay office is subject to the charges expressly ex-
cepted in the section. It is necessary to put these
words in the section to make it clear.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that.
The next amendments were to insert the follow-
ing, as additional sections:
Sec. 14. And be itfuither enact cd* That the provisions
of the tilth section of an act entitled u An act makingap-
proprintions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854," and
approved 3d March, 1853, be, and they are hereby, extended
to the branch mints and the assay office m "Now York, re-
spectively.
Sec. 15. Jind be it further enacted, That the said Secre-
tary be. and he is hereby, authorized to employ private
establishment?, or to contract with individuals for refining
gold bullion, if he shall deem it expedient so to do: Pro-
vided* always, That the said refining shall not subject the
depositors to any greater wastage, per ounce, nor to any
greater charge for labor, material*, and alloy, per ounce,
than is now made, or would hereatter he incurred, on de-
posits at the Mint, the branch mints, or assay office in New
York, lespcctively . and the said refining shall be subject
to *uch regulations «i< the said Secretary shall deem proper
and sufficient to secure the skillful and prompt performance
thereof, and to prevent any loss of metal other than wastage,
as aforctaid.
Mr. PISH. I desire to suggest some amend-
ments to this fifteenth section. The first is a ver-
bal one, the necessity of which, I think, will be
apparent. It is to make it read "the Secretary
of the Treasury," instead of the " said Secre-
tary.'"
Mr. HUNTER. That is right.
Mr. FISH. Then the next amendment is to
strike out the words " per ounce," and insert44 or
for other cause."
Mr. HUNTER. That is right.
Mr. FISH. Then the next amendment is after
the word ''respectively" to insert "nor to any
greater delay than is now experienced.>5 So that
the proviso shall read:
Provided always, That the said refining shall not sub-
ject the depositors to any greater wastage per ounce, nor
