998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
brought against Governor Ramsay did not origi-
nate with Governor Gorman; on the contrary,
those charges were preferred before he was ap-
pointed. They were referred to the Committee
on Indians Affairs of the Senate, who took the
matter into consideration, and, finding that they
were incompetent to carry on an investigation
here into a case, the facts of which could be col-
lected only in Minnesota, they asked to be dis-
charged, and were discharged, by a resolution in
this body, from the further consideration of the
subject. They reported a resolution, which was
adopted, asking the President of the United States
to cause the official conduct of Governor Ramsay
to be investigated, in such manner as he might see
proper, and cause a report of the proceedings to
be made to the Senate. Under this resolution of
the Senate, the President of the United States
appointed Judge Young and Governor Gorman
commissioners. Under that appointment this
duty was discharged and these expenses incurred.
Mr. DAWSON. Then Governor Gorman was
superintendent of Indian affairs when the investi-
gation took placer
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAWSON. And it was in the discharge
of his duty as Governor and superintendent, of
Indian affairs, inquiring into the previous conduct
of his predecessor 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg the Senator to allow
me to correct him. This investigation was not
made by Governor Gorman in his character of
Governor or superintendent; but it was under a
special appointment by the President of the Uni-
ted States, as commissioner for that purpose alone,
by virtue of a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. My idea is, that when he
was appointed superintendent of Indian affairs,it
was his duty to assume the position of his prede-
cessor, and to examine whether his predecessor
had been guilty of any error or impropriety. The
very object of sending him there was to discharge
that duty. He was sent there at a salary of
#y,50U a year; and yet you propo.se to give him
eight dollars a day for investigating the very busi-
ness in regard to which he was appointed a super-
intendent by the Government. Now, it is said, he
was appointed in a distinct character as commis-
sioner, separate from his gubernatorial and super-
intending character, giving liim a third appoint-
ment. What was the object of the third appoint-
ment11 To inquire into the very duties incumbent
on him as Governor and supeuntendent, and as
agent of the Government to see what his prede-
cessor had done, it was his duty to correct, any
errors of which his predecessor might have been
guilty in thedisehuige of Ins office. I have no
pai liuilar objection to paying Governor Gorman,
but 1 like to see piinciples adheied to in these
matters
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to eonect him on one point'' The res-
olution of the Senate directed the President to ap-
point commissioners to make this investigation.
The President, therefore, could have appointed
any commissioners he pleased. He chose to ap-
point Governor Gorman as one of the commis-
sioners. Now, suppose he had appointed some
other man as commissioner, should we not be
bound to pay him ? We have paid the other com-
missioner, as i understand, and should we not
have been bound to pay the second, if Governor
Gorman had not been appointed?
Mr. DAWSON. Undoubtedly; but still it was
the duty of Governor Gorman to make this further
inquiry when ordered by the Government, and it is
no extra service at ail. It is the very duty which
he was appointed to perform. That is the ground
which I occupy in relation to it. If I had been
appointed to go there, of course it would be dis-
connected altogether from any duty incumbenton
me as an officer of the Government. But the duty
of Governor Gorman, as superintendent of Indian
affairs, was connected with this question. This,
I understand to be the view of the Senator from
Virginia, and the only question which I have to
propound is, shall we pay him an additional eight
dollars per day, for investigating affairs, which it
was incumbent on him to superintend and inves-
tigate anyhow? That is the point.
Mr. PETTIT. This matter stands precisely
thus: At the la*st cession, charges were presented
to the Senate against Governor Ramsay, for pec-
ulation in his uiftee of superintendent of Indian
affairs, not as Governor, before the present Ad-
ministration came in. An investigation was at-
tempted in the Committee on Indian Affairs.
They proceeded to some extent in taking testi-
mony, but they discovered that they could not
accomplish it here. Therefore, just at the close
of the session, a resolution was offered from the
committee, by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] that there should be one Senator
appointed or detailed from the committee during
vacation, to proceed to Mmnesota, and to such other
places as might be deemed necessary—it was
then thought that it would perhaps be necessary
to go to New York, and take some evidence in
regard to deposits of money in a bank there—to
take evidence, and report it to the Senate at this
session. That resolution underwentvanousphases.
A proposition was made to extend the number of
Senators to be sent out to three. It was debated at
some considerable length. Various propositions
and amendments were offered; but, finally, it re-
solved itaelf into a resolution of this kind—and
the records of the Senate will show it—that the
Piesident cause the question to be fully investi-
gated during the recess of the Senate. There-
upon, after the Senate adjourned, after Governor
Gorman had been appointed as Governor, and
after betook charge of the duties pi escribed by
law, this additional duty was imposed on him.
Let it be remembered that the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian atlairs and of Governor of a Ter-
ritory are prescribed by law. The resolution of
the Senate did not direct by whose hands the
President should make the investigation, but that
he should cause the charges to be investigated.
The President, associated with Governor Gorman,
Judge Young, of this city, to make the investiga-
tion.
Judge Young presented his claim to the Senate
two months ago or more. It amounted to over
$900. l>y a resolution it was directed to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate. The
deficiency bill has an express provision in it,
making up to the contingent fund ot the Senate
thai $900 paid to Judge Young for his services.
Now, Governor Gorman comes m, and asks that
he shall be allowed as much per day as Judge
Young was allowed for the additional duties super-
added to those of superintendent of Indian affairs
and Governor of the Temtory. Can there be
any thing fan er or plainer ? It did not belong or
pertain to his duties as Governor of the Territory,
or as superintendent of Indian affans. It was an
additional duty. The President might have ap-
pointed whomsoever he pleased to peiform it. He
did appoint one. It was an onerous and unpleas-
ant duty for Governor Gorman to undertake to
investigate the official conduct of his predecessor.
It did not devolve on him by virtue of his offi-
cial rplation as successor to Governor Ramsay.
The President might have appointed whomsoever
he pleased. lie was not compelled to appoint
Governor Gorman. It did not appertain to him
as Governor; but he was specially appointed by
a letter from the Department, under the direction
of the President, to make the investigation. He
and Judge Young made it together. Judge
Young rendered service more days than Governor
Gorman; hence his bill is larger—between $900
and $>1,000—while Governor Gotman's is about
$690. This, then, is the whole matter. Additional
services were imposed on Governor Gorman,
apart from the duties of his oilice; and the ques-
tion is, shall he he paid for them? The whole
I §1,400 is not for his pay, but for the subordinate
I officers also—the marshal and attorney, and for
summoning witnesses. It seems to me, no more
legitimate appropriation could be made. It is cer-
tainly in the legitimate place, and upon the proper
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I find that
the resolution of the Senate was as follows:
" Itcioh erf, Thar the President be, and lie i- hereby, re-
quested to eaiise to be m v<--h<rated Jin* charges nf fraud
and mi-cnjidiict in othee allegrd n^am^t Alexander Ramsav,
superintendent oi Indian atlatrs in Minnesota, which were
r< feiicd to the Committee on Indian Allans by the resolu-
tion of die 10th of Januaiy la-t. and to leport 'he result? of
such investigation to the Kenaleat the next session of Con- :
gre-><, and a leconi oi the proceedings of said committee, '
under s-aid resolution, In; retmred to Ihe Provident, and be j
subject to such oider as he may make theteon.*' !
Now, it seems to me, it was the official duty of |
Governor Gorman, who was also superintendent i
of Indian affairs, to make this investigation, if he i
was directed to do it by the President. I know
that at the time it was said it would cost nothing,
ao far as it was executed by the Governor of the
Territory and superintendent of Indian affairs in
that Territory, i have no objection to seeing a
full remuneration given to Governor Gorman for
ail his services, but I object to the principle of this
amendment; I object to giving extra compensation
to an officer for discharging duties which properly
belong to his office. It seems to me that is what
we are doing. But I understand that there is no
recommendation from the Department lor this.
Am I rightly informed?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The accounts are certified
to be correct.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that there is
any recommendation. I did not hear the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs say that
there was.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution read by the
honorable Senator from Virginia shows very
clearly that this subect has been in the keeping of
the President of the United Slates; that, by the
terms of the resolution, he was directed to cause
this investigation to be made. Pie has mode, I
believe, his report to this body; and I think if it
was proper to pay a claim for services arising
under that appointment, it was proper for the Ex-
ecutive to say so. I beheve the President has not
recommended that the Governor of Minnesota be
paid for his services, and furthermore, when the
United Suites employ, as in this case, the Gov-
ernor of a Territory, do they not employ all his
time? Upon the same principle that you would
give to Governor Gorman in this case eight dol-
lars per day for services as a commissioner, you
would give to a public officer, who belongs to the
Army, and is detailed Jo supervise the erection of
the Uvo wings of the Capitol winch we are build -
ing, so much per day for that service. Upon the
same principle you would give the Attorney Gen-
eral, who is applied to for his opinion week after
week, by different committees, a regular fee for
his opinions.
Now, sir, i am against the principle. It is
wiong. It is demoralizing m its tendencies. When
we employ an officer, as in this case, and give
him a regular salary, he has no right to claim
anything in addition for his time. I recollect very
well, as stated by the Senator from Virginia, thai
when this question was presented before, one of
the reasons assigned for raising this board was,
that it would cost nothing; thatit would, ex ojficio9
come withm the duties of the Governor. That
was a reason stated at the time the resolution was
presented; and it is a sufficient one to operate on
my mind against voting for the appropriation,
But, independent of that, the precedent is wrong.
There are hundreds of other officers who might
liken their case to this, and claim additional com-
pensation for their services; and their claim would
be as just and meritorious.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have looked into the
letter of the Secretary of the Interior, and find that
there is a distinct estimate for this. A certified
account of Governor Gorman is transmitted with
the estimate; but the Secretary declined to make
a recommendation, for the simple reason that he
deemed it a charge on the contingent fund of the
Senate. That is his sole reason. It certainly
must be a charge against some Department of the
Government.
Mr. COOPER. I think my friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Bright] is wrong m the comparison he
has instituted between officers of the Army de-
tailed to perform some particular service, and the
case which is pending here. Governor Gorman
was not discharged from any of his duties as Gov-
ernor of Minnesota, nor as superintendent of In-
dian affairs. Pie was in the performance of those
duties at the same time. There is no objection
that Governor Gorman left unperformed any of
his duties, either as Governor or superintendent.
This additional duty was imposed upon him by
the President of the "United States. He gave to it
his attention. It occupied time that might have
been employed in his private affaiis, without in-
jury to the public service; and why is it that he
ought not to be paid, as well as if some person,
not officially connected with the Government, had
been employed.
Sir, I do not remember that any such ground,
as that mentioned by the Senator from Indiana,
or that assumed by the Senator from Virginia,
