1858'
the congressional; globe.
July 22,
of the Senator from Iowa, commonly called the
"Washington city water amendment. That now
comes up for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Virginia did not desire to press a vote
to-day on the contested amendments.
Mr. &UNTER. I am willing, if it is the sense
of the Senate, to jet all the controveited amend-
ments be passed by for the present, and go on
with those about which there is no dispute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that is the
sense of the Senate, that course will be pursued,
and the amendments excepted will not be acted
upon until they are subsequently called up.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, is it in order for me
to move an amendment to the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. DODGE, of iowa. I wish, then, to move
an amendment to the fourth section, so that it
shall read:
That tin1 eapt'iin of police o( the Capitol shall reccive
the same compensation ih.it us n<nv paid to the postmaster
ot the Striate ; and to each of lus asMiUants the same com-
pensation a=s is paid to tlie meo >eugert; attending at the
principal doors ot the Senate.
It is known that the special committee reported
some time since a resolution in regard to the offi-
cers of the Senate, which the Senate adopted almost
unanimously. The object of my amendment is to
give to the captain of the Capitol police precisely
the same pay which that resolution gives to the
Senate's postmaster, which is $1,750; and to each
of his assistants the sum that is paid to the mes-
sengers at the door of the Senate, i a«k the Senate
to consider the relative dulie* of the two. Some |
of the police of the Capitol are required to be i
about at all times, in charge of all the valuable j
property of the Senate, i trust there will be no i
objection to giving them an increase of salary. i
Mr. CASS, How much do they receive at \
present?
Mr. DODGE, of Town. I answer that the as- !
sistant police receive fl,ol)0 per annum. The I
messengers at our dwors icceive $1,500. My [
pioposition is to give to the police, who ate on
duty day and night, whetiur it is fair or stormy, 1
th#1 sum that we give to the ni<m who stand at the ,
doors. j
Mr. PRATT. How mnnv of them are there ? '
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Four. j
Mr. TOOMBS. If. would be very well to in- ;
quire whether the pursuing of this course is not a 1
little unreasonable. The argument here appears '
to be, that because the salaues of some have been .
raised) we should take the others up. Now, Fir, i
1 know very well that all these employees, in both
Houses,get more than the Representatives of the j
people do; and the compensation of all of them is 1
exceedingly liberal, not to say exorbitant.
The amendment was njecicd.
Mr. HAMLIN". I r;tn directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce io oiler the following amend-
ment:
Foi revision of the revenue luwi already made, and Hie
icpnit showing the changes and alterations themn,$\">.Mi().
That is according to the estimate of the Treas-
ury Department. Ten thousand dollars were
originally appropriated. J>y a mistake of the en-
grossing clerks it failed to go into the bill. The
Senate passed a bill at tins season, appiopiiatmg
5^,10,000. We s*ht Jt to the House, and they
stinck out $5,000. The Senate concurred. The
Secretary has now sent in the revenue laws, but
be lias not furnished a statement of what the re-
vision consists in. This is to enable him to carry
out the original proposition, and it was estimated
for by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose further to amend,
by striking out the words, "for the salary of the
Consul at Beirout, $500," and insert—
That the consul at Beirout, Syria, is hereby created a
consul general wiih a salary of Ai.Oi'O per annum from the
1st ot Juljr, The said consulate ^ball compi'-dimitl
both Syria and Palestine, and *>ku<)0 is hereby appiopii-
ated lor ihe salary ol the >aid Cfnis'ul.
That is in accordance with the recommendation
and estimate of the Secretary of State. I have it
here by me. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] knows very well what the duties of the con-
sul there are. He is clothed with judicial §s well
as consular powers. The amendment proposes to
give him the title of consul general for social and
political reasons. It is recommended by the De-
partment. The Senate passed a bill last year to
that effect, and it was then recommended by the
Secretary of State, and has been so for the last
four years.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that amendment had
better go over.
It was passed over.
Mr. HAMLIN. \ am also directed to offer
the following amendment:
For life-boat? and othei means of rendering services to
shipwrecked manners and others on the coast of the United
States, to be expended by the Massachusetts Humane So-
ciety, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
.^10,000.
Mr. PRATT. Let that lie over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am also directed to move to
amend the clause 44 for the relief and protection of
American seamen in foreign countries, $125,000,"
by inserting after the woid " seamen" the woids
"and seamen belonging to American vessels."
Mr. TOOMBS. Let that he over.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 also propose the following ;
additional section.
-Src. —. A nil he it further cnadc<h That the county of ;
El I'aso, in die State of 'i'exa-, and the Terntory ot New
Mexico, be, and they die neieby, made a collection di^iact
hv the name of l'.i-o del Norte, and Fiontiia shall he the
place 01 port of delivery in said district; and a eolh-ctoi
j-liail lie appointed to iodide, thereat, with such other officers I
as> nhall be neee.-^aiy, and the compensation of the collector j
hhall he $2,0U0 per annum, including the lees ot ln-< office. ;
Mr. WELLER. That had better go over. j
Mr. HAMLIN. - 1 desire to make a single ex- j
planation m regard to it, and I think when I ■
; make it there wili be no objection to it. There is j
, a necessity for it which will, 1 think, induce every 1
, Senator to give his assent to it. There is no rev- .
1 enue officer 111 New Mexico, and it is in evidence
I before the committee that there are from ^100,000 j
1 to >i300,000 of Mexican goods annually imported
into thai Territory from the road througu El
l\-uo, in a coiner of Texas, that being the point i
through whieh the road pushes. The Senate has
passed a biO,and it has gone to the House, creat-
ing a tit strict according to the terms of this section.
Theie is no prospect, probably, that the House
will reach it at this session, and it now resolves ,
itself into a question of economy whether we will ]
, place a revenue officer there who will collect
v>;J0,0vM or $40)000 a year, orlcaveit subject to no '
lcv'enue laws.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it. The people
theie are m a Uod-forsuken country anyhow, and ■
I am perfectly willing that they should take ihese
goods.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on the Library
1 have directed me to move to amend the bill by m-
1 serting:
| To enable, the Joint Committee on the Library of Con-
1 gr< *sto 1 eplace the seventh volume and athw of the explor-
ing expedition, d'"Uvo> cd by the bui ning of the library, and
I ilie plates and oiner propeliv deponed hy lire in Philadol-
: pitia, including the binding, 7,">.
Mr. U WIN. Let that over.
«, Mr. PEARGE. If the Senator will allow me to
: make a brief statement, I think he will not object
j: to it. We have lost, by fie burning of the library,
1 twenty-three copies of this seventh volume*, and
ofcouisewe have impcrfect sets. All the plates
; have been destroyed by fire in Philadelphia, and
! n number of the charts have been also destroyed.
I We desire to have them replaced, and this amend-
''ment proposes to make an appropriation which
j i will replace them.
/ Mr. GWJN. 1 should prefer to have it go over.
;! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
!■ amendments embraced 111 the eleventh and twelfth
;l sections may go over.
Mr. PjRODHEAD. What is the subject-mat-
': ter of them ?
;• Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They give addi-
i; tional officers or servants to the President.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that these amendments were offered from the
i, Finance Committee, and were not objected to,but
| were agreed to by unanimous consent.
!! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I objectto them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
|j thinks it is too late.
j| Mr. WELLER. I apprehend the Senator can
I; demand a vote upon them when we get into the
II Senate.
The PRESIDING O FFiCER. The Chair an-
nounced at the time that if they were not objected
to, without any question being taken upon them,
1 they would be considered as agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. We are now in committee,
and I suppose when the amendments are reported
to the Senate, the Senator from Tennessee can de-
mand a vote upon them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a very short-hand way
of disposing of the appropriation bills. We gen-
erally go into committee upon them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will make the
motion to reconsider the vote by which they
were agreed to, if I can. I think it is proper to
do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
Mr. GEYER. I move to amend the following
proviso m the bill:
" Provided, That none of the moneys, appropriated by
this act lorany custom-house or maime hospital, shall be
u ed or applied for ihe puipose mentioned until a valid
title to the land ior the site of such building, m each ea^e,
shall be vested in the United State*>, and*until the State in
which such building is to be completed shall in due torm,
anu in a manner that shall bind such State, release and
surrender to the United States juusdiction over the site of
such building.
By striking out the words, " and until the State
in which such building is to be completed, shall in
due form, and in a manner that shall bind such
Slate, release and surrender to the United States
jurisdiction over the site of such building."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. 1 move the same amendment
to the clause in relation to the custom-house at
Richmond, Virginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the bill
by inserting the following:
For rebuilding the custom-house at Portland, Maine,
including accommodations for a post office and rooms lor
the United btates couit?,
That has been estimated for by the Department,
and has passed the Senate, it was omitted in
the other House by mistake.
Mr. HUNTER. I can only say, in regard to
these ntw custom-houses, that they met with
great difficulty in this appropriation bill, in the
other House; and I feel it my duty, at least so
far I can, to resist the additional appropriation for
custom-houses upon it. Those that have been
commenced, and are partly completed, of course
must be carried out; but this is not one of that
class.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is to rebuild the custom-
house which has been burnt. There has been an
I appropriation for it. it certainly comes within
! the same class as those which are to be completed.
! Mr. HUNTER. No appropriation for rebuild-
ing it has ever been made.
Mr. HAMLIN. It passed the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Not the House.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it does not come in the
class of those for which appropriations have been
made.
Mr. HAMLIN. There has been a building
theie sanctioned by law for this very purpose, and
this appropriation is to restore that building which
has been burned down. It would have passed the
House but for a mistake, it not being offered at the
proper time, i have an amendment including a
\arietyof new custom-houses to offer. I sup-
posed the Senator would oppose that, but I did
not suppose that he would resist this. It is rec-
ommended unanimously by the Committee on
Commerce, and is estimated for and recommended
by the Treasury Department.
Mr. CAbS. I do not see why, if we have the
proper estimate for this, it should not be inserted
here. I observe one provision in the bill providing
for the purchase of a tract of land. Why, then,
should we be precluded from putting in such a
case as this ?
Mr. HUNTER. There has been a previous
appropriation for that, but it was not sufficient to
complete it.
Mr. CASS. In some way the previous appro-
priation went into the appropriation bill. Now,
why should we stop with this matter? I do not
see any reason in the world for it. The simple
question is, whether the appropriation is correct;
and we should act upon it without reference to the
preceding appropriations. I know myself there
are many places in the country where custom-
houses should be erected. It does not require an
