1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
with a substitute, but they did not give instruc-
tions to have it put upon its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, it was reported
here by the Committee of Ways and Means, and
with a recommendation upon the part of that com-
mittee that it be put upon its passage; and upon
the motion of a member of that committee it was
put upon its passage, and the previous question
called upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
It certainly was not put upon its passage by the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means. The committee contemplated no such
thing, that 1 ever heard of. As one member of
that committee, 1 was very much astonished when
I heard the bill had been put upon its passage.
My wish was, that it should be referred to the
Committee of the Wholeon thestateof theUnion;
and I think that was the wish of a majority of the
members of the committee.
Mr. BOBBINS. I wish to state, as a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that I was
instructed by that committee to report this bill, to
which allusion has been made, with a substitute.
I did as I was instructed to do; and the House,
by a two-ihird vote, put it upon its passage.
That is the history of the matter. There was
nothing unfair or dishonorable about it.
Mr. LETCHER. Nobody has charged that
there was anything unfair or dishonorable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I Jisk the gentle-
man from Virginia to allow me to say a word in
reference to this matter. It is within the recollec-
tion of the Chair, I doubt not, and within the
recollection of the gentleman fiom Virginia, and
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who re-
ported this clerks' bill, that when it was reported
1 raised the question that as it contained an ap-
propriation it must of necessity go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that then the House, by a vote of nearly two
to one, suspended the rule, and the bill was then
put upon its passage. I wili state, however, that
upon suspending the rules I believe only one or
two members of the Committee of Ways and
Means voted in the affirmative.
Mr. LETCFIER. I do not recollect how the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
voted, except so far as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee himself was concerned; but I lecollect. dis-
tinctly that the bill was introduced here by the
Committeeof Wayaand Means,and put upon its
passage by a two-third vote of the House; and
not only that, but the previous question was called
by the gentleman who introduced it, and sustained
by the House, without affording any one an op-
portunity of speaking upon it, or of having its
provisions amended in the slightest particular.
Now, sir, I do not charge anybody with impro-
priety in this matter. There is no impropriety
about it. I claim that every gentleman has the
right to regulate his own conduct here as his own
r?ense of propriety may dictate, precisely as 1 reg-
ulate my own. Gentlemen will vote as they think
proper; and whether their action or the action of
the House is proper action, is for them and not
for me to decide.
But, sir, I say these hills have come here from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and from the various committees, and without
even being printed have been biought up for
consideration, have been put upon their passage,
and carried through under the operation of the
previous question. Now, sir, why is it that ob-
jection is made for the first time to that course with
ieference to this bill, which has been introduced
here to equalize the .salaries of the judges
Many of these district judges receive less com-
pensation than the third class of clerks in the De-
partments of the Government—men, sir, who are
employed continually for months, who perform
hard physical labor in attending their courts. And j
when a proposition is made to equalize the sala-
ries of these men, to pla^e them on somethinghkc *
a clerk's platform, gentlemen of this House object j
to it. f hope, as the House has given this refer- j
ence to the matter, and as the committee them- I
selves have furnished to everybody the opportu-
nity to examine this bill by desiring to have it
printed and considered here in due form, when
thf-re is time to examine it, and familiarize our-
selves with its provisions, that it will not recon-
sider the piopoailioii u« suggested by the gentle-
man from Alabama. I therefore move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the considera-
tion of the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a motion to recommit the
bill granting lands equally to the several States to
aid in the construction of railroads, and for the
support of schools.
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Speaker, the bill which
I have had the honor to propose for the consid-
eration of the House is similar to the one intro-
duced by me at the last session of Congress; the
object of which was to equalize the grants of land
among the several States, so far as public lands
are granted for certain public purposes, railroads,
schools, and the like. That bill did not provide
for giving to the States in which there was no
public lands as large quantities as States in which
it lay; but it did propose to give the public land to
the several States for school, and railroad, and
other public purposes, in something like equal
proportions. That was the principle of that bill,
and it is the principle of the presentone.
1 will state to the House that the bill, as now
prepared, is different from the one of the last ses-
sion. The bill of the last session proposed to jrive
to the States in which there were no public land—
the old Slates—a certain number of acres, accord-
ing to representation, for schools; but if theychose,
they could devote it to railroad or other public
purposes; but the object of the grant was mainly
for school purposes. It also provided that the new
States should equalize their grants of the public
land—for instance: Illinois had received a large
amount of land for railroads and internal improve-
ments, while Iowa, Wisconsin, and other new
States, had only received small grants, or none at
all, for the same objects. The proposition was
that, as far as possible, the grants should be equal-
ized; and the bill was drawn embracing all the
States except those which were deemed to have
already received sufficient. That bill was strongly
objected to, by gentlemen fiom the West espe-
cially, as unequal in its provisions, and that, la-
though it attempted to equalize the grants among
(he lain! States, it did nut equalize them aq among
the land States themselves. That objection may
be true to some extent, for in the veiy nature of
things it is almost impossible to make a provision
in any single bill which will make these grants
equally to all the States.
J-5ut there was another objection urged with still
more force: that, by giving the lands directly to
the State Legislatures of the western States, they
would not receive any benefit from them. By the
law, in every western State and Territory, there is
now eveiy sixteenth section set apart for school
purposes. These are devoted and applied to that
purpose, consequently the western States desire,
at least so their Representatives urge here, that the
grants which are made to them shall be made, not
for school panoses—those they have—but they
want them applied for railroad purposes, to aid in
constructing some of their many important lines !
I of railroads. They uige that, under the bill of last ,
'session, the grants would be made to the State
Legislature, and would be divided by theLegisla- i
ture among all the railroads m the State, and the re- 1
suit would be that no one road could be completed,
and they would ail be involved m difficulty. It was
universally urged by the Representatives from the
West, that if any further grants are made to
equalize the amounts given to the land States, they 1
shall be made to the States to aid in constructing
some specified line of railroad.
Mr. COBB. I have always protested against
that, and I want the gentleman to make an excep-
tion of me. |
Mr. BENNETT. At least most of the west-
ern Representatives take that ground.
Mr. COBB. Make an exception of me. '
Mr. BENNETT. But that objection has been
urged, and I have, therefore, changed the bill. ■
The original bill is similar to the proposition of
last session, embracing ail the States; but the sub- '
stitute which I have offered in lieu of the original
bill simply provides for granting the sameamount
of land ns the bill of last session did to the old :
States—that id, at the rate of one hundred and fifty !
thousand acres to each Senatorand Representative,
leaving out the land States—leaving those of them
that have not yet received grants to frame bills
that will make them equal to those that have.
This bill cannot certainly be objected to as une-
qual; for amongst the old States, the States in
which there are no public lands, there can be no
fairer mode of distribution for these public pur-
poses, if any such distributicfn is to be made, than
that of representation—so much to each Repre-
sentative and Senator; the Senators are included
for the benefit of the smaller States. This bill,
therefore, as far as it goes, would provide for an
equal apportionment of the public lands for these
purposes; and it leaves the land States that have
not received grants equal to those which have been
made to other land States, to apply to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to have it settled by that
committee how much they are entitled to. It
therefore obviates the objection of any inequality
I in the grants. The bill embraces this principle,
whether while these lands are being disposed of
and dissipated for every possible purpose; whether,
while they are being disposed of in part lor these
various purposes to the western States, the old
States which have contributed their tsluue towards
the purchase and the expense of management, shall
also have a proportionate share of the benefit of
these grants for schools, railroads, and other public
purposes.
Sir, this system has been pursued until the
grants are now much beyond the sales. Last
year the sales amounted to a little over one million
acres; and at this very session there are applica-
tions here which will be reported on favorably
by the committee for over fifteen millions of acres
for railroads only.
We are met, however, with some very singular
objections to this principle. Gentlemen seem to
claim that these lands should be granted away, and
devoted entirely for the benefit of individuals and
corporations; that they should not be given to the
States themselves, or only to a favored portion of
the States which have a constitutional right to
these grants of land, and the other portion of the
States have no constitutional right to similar
grants of land for precisely the same purposes.
Is there a different rule applicable to the State
of New York, of Illinois, and between Vir-
ginia and Missouri? If it is constitutional to give
the lands, which are public property, for school
purposes, and for the education of children in one
State, is it a violation of the Constitution to make
the same disposition of lands in another State?
Gentlemen who contend for that doctrine should
be able to point out the provision in the Constitu-
tion which makes such a distinction, and tell us
what it is, and where it is. Upon what princi-
ple are these grants in the land States made?
Upon the ground that such grants are intended to
promote education, and therefore tending to pro-
mote the public benefit and general welfare of the
State. I ask whether the operation of this system
would not be just as beneficial in the old States as
in the new?
Let me illustrate this by stating a case. Take
the State of Virginia, for example. That State
ceded her public lands away to the United States,
comprising all that vast territoiy that has since
been formed into the States of Ohio, Indiana, Il-
linois, Michigan,and Wisconsin, I believe. When
Virginia granted this immense territory to the
United Slates, she expressly stipulated in the act
of cession that these grants should be " used for
the common benefit of all the States, Virginia in-
cluded;" and yet Viigima, to this day, has never
had the benefit of a single acre of land of all that
vast territory, and this, too, while we have been
giving the land m large and small grants to every
one of the new States formed out of this territory,
and even to other States. I contend, therefore, that
this system of giving lands to a part of the States
is unequal and unjust; and all I claim in this mat-
ter is justice and equality. As one of the mem-
bers of the State of New York, I ask no more than
a proportionate share of these lands for that State.
I would not ask or vote for more than her just
share; but I entirely disclaim the doctrine that
these lands belong exclusively to the land States.
There has been growing in Congress, for a few
years past,a kind of mania upon the subject ofthe
public lands—to get rid of, and squander them as
fast as possible, £ive away all we can, and sell
the rest at a reduced price. As an instance of this,
