1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1850
elaborate determination; but if it is fortified by a
report from the Treasury Department, stating its
necessity, I would put it in; if not, I would not
put it in.
Mr. FESSENDEN". t trust the Senator from
Virginia wiil withdraw his objection to this
amendment. This matter came up upon the de-
ficiency bill, and was debated, and was voted to
that bill as an amendment, by a very large major-
ity. The Senator then stated that he should have
objected, but he yielded to the necessity of the
cas*e. Here is a building burnt. Within it was
the custom-house and the court-house, and by its
burning1 all these various departments of the Gov-
ernment in Portland have been turned out of
doors. Under such circumstances, the Senate put
the appropriation in the deficiency bill by a large
majority.
I do not see, now, very well, how the Senator
can say that this ought not to go into this appro-
priation bill. We have lost one year, and if it is
not put in here, we shall lose another, before the j
appropriation can be made. Now, sir, under j
these circumstances, the technics! objection which ,
the Senator from Virginia makey, strikes me u.s i
really unkind. It is true that there has been no |
particular appropriation to lebuild the custom- :
house, yet if. is a work authoiized by hw. A j
law has been parsed heretofore, making; an up- ;
propriation to build the custom-hou^e, but it has i
been burned down, and it is a recognized matter; 1
and certainly an appropriation in tins bill to re- i
build it is not objectionable. Thf re is not a sun- '
ilar case in the whole country; and when the Sec- >
retary of the Treasury has iccommended it, and j
sent us the estimate, and the Committee on Com- I
nierce have unanimously recommended it, I hope |
the amendment will he sustained, and that no !
Senator will object to it. I
Now, under these circumstances, will not the ,
Senator from Virginia, and all other Senators, >
after making such liberal appropriation for almost j
every object that can be mentioned—certainly j
without any objection on our part—aiiow us to i
have a building at some time or other, and to be- j
gin it within a reasonable time, so that the objects j
of the Government m our city can be acoom- j
plished ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I find, on looking at the hill
as it came to us from the House, that it contains
an appropriation for the purchase of a site for a
custom-house at San Francisco. That is all very
well. It meets my approbation, and will receive
my vote, i find, also, that the Committee on
Finance have iecommended an appropiiation to
build a custom-house on that site. Now, I ap-
peal to the chairman of the Committee on Fi
nance why we, when we now own the site on
which to erect this building1, should not stand us
well as the people at San Francisco, when there
is an appropriation in the hill to buy a site there,
and that is followed up by the Finance Commit-
tee with an appropriation to erect a building. I
think the Senator ought, at least, to be willing,
when we own the site, that we should stand on
quite as «nod feims as if \% e had an appropiiation
in the hill to buy nne.
Mr. HUNTER. The San Francisco case stands
on a little different footing, for there was a previ-
ous appropriation, j peiceive, however, th* tthis
amendment does stand on a somewhat different
ground from what I supposed, as it is to replace a
building which has been burnt down.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not see that there can
be any objection whatever to this amendment. It
is either necessary to have a collection district at
this place, or it is not. If it is necessary to have
a collection district, we must have a custom-house
there, and if we have not got a custom-house
there, we must build one. If there be no revenues
collected there, and be no necessity for a collection
district, let us repeal the law establishing it. So
long as we have customs received there, we must
have a building. If the old building has been
burnt down, we should buiid a new one. This
seems to me to be very clear. It is a matter of
no sort of importance to me whether this bea new
appropriation or an old one. The only question
is, whether it is necessary to have a building there
in order to transact the business of the Govern-
ment. If it is neoessary, I am willing to vote
whatever amount will accomplish that object.
Mr. HUNTER. i withdraw my objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am further directed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer an amendment,
to'come in after the appropriation for the purchase
of a site for a custom-house at Providence, Rhode
Island. The amendment is to insert:
And the ^ecretaiy of the Treasury shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to contiact tor the construction of a
custom liotis-e on said site, to include accommodation*? for
a. post office and United States court room, at a cost not
exceeding .-$200,000.
The bill now contains an appropriation for the
purchase of a site at Providence, but it confers no
authority upon the Secretary of the Treasury to
erect a building. The amendment gives that
authority, and it is limited within the" estimates
furnished by the Treasury Department, which I
have by me.
Theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. By direction of the same
committee, I now olTer an amendment, containing
two additional sections, which contain provisions
for the erection of new custom-houses in a variety
of places all over the Union. The amendment is
to add the following additional sections :
Ski\ —. lie it Jurlhcr cnadeJ* That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and !:e is lutein , uuil.O'ized and dntclcil
to eatw lo be eon-ui ueferi liie loltowHitf l)iulihii,«>>:
At lilUwoi Ui. Maine, {'or the accommodation of tlift cus-
tom house and po^t otlice, a building oi buck with tir<-
piooi llooi-, coiKtiucU'd of noil Immiih sukI buck woik,
uon woi, s-huiteis, si IN, S^c , twei.tv - live led by nut f\, and
twenty-lue feri m height hem the lonnilation, to cost not
mori ill an ^HUKU).
At IMiast, Mauu* foi the nemminooJitxm of tin* ini^lom-
house and po-t nflieo, a build,,i« oi like malm laK. toi ly live
h' 't by tinny two and tmrtv-two leet lnyh. and lo cost not
nunc than .y-iU.uw).
At (-Jlo-.i'Ti-tei, .rVT,i-«aelii^eU--; Toledo, Ohio ; Butlin?-
ton. \ eimont, and Sandusky, OiiuxIim tin* ae  oimnodatiun
of the custom lma-n and p->-t oiliee, a building ot like
m.ifen.ils, <i\ty.leet by loitj, live toer and thirty two k.'t
tioiu tnc inundation, and to co>t not more than £-10,(100 An
eacli bn.ldiiig.
Ar Mdwaukie, Wi^on^m, for the accommodation of the
en-tom bouse, po>t office, and United  >r.ue-. comK a
buildup of i.ke ma tenuis, nxty feel by loi ly five feet, lortv-
eight teet in lieiyln from liie lonmiimon, to eosa not more
than
At N ;W Haven, Connecticut; Newaik, New Jeisev;
Bnrt.ilo, fvew \ oik; OMvego, New Yoik : Wheeling, Vir-
ginia; Chicago, Illiiiot!- ; and JJetloit, Mil hignu, each l< i
the accommodation o! the custom liotu-e, po^t ollice, Um-
t"d States conn*, and Meamboat nwjicelnr*, a budding of
some, of like floois, beams, rooks, shutters, &t\, eigiitv-
liw leet by >a\iy jeet, sixty lect miu>igbt liom ihu founda-
tion, to co.-t not tnoie than xoK,(H)b loi i-aeh building. The
builduigat Deuoit lo ne eieeted upon a walei lot belonging
to the United
At Galveston, 'IVcis, sor the accommodation of the cus-
tom liuii-e, postofnee. and United Slates courts, a building
of brick, oi like Jlooi>, beam;, toot, shutters, &.e.,loity
five leer, by ^eventj feet, lorty eight te<st high from liie
lotindalion, with a portico on two tides, and to cost not
more than
At lYtrir-bmg, \ iigiuia, for th« accommodation of the
custom-house and po*t office, a building oi t-io'ie, of like
fioors, beams, ioof, slnittei:., &<• , muv feet by loriy five
lee?, thnfy-two net high /rom the loundation, t'o coj-t not
more than yW,0t)').
Sec.—. <And be it faitker eruuted, 'that the several
sums mentioned m the precedn.g r-eenon ot this act, as the
co>t of the building}, theiem <iuUiori/.ed to be eon>tiiKteii,
together Willi ten per cent thereon, to eocer {lie compen-
sation of architects, superintendents, adveiliiing, and other
contingent cApcnscs, and >o much as maybe reejuued to
purcinw sint.ible t-ite -> lo  -aid buildings, i)u, and the same
are lieieby, appro()naied for the i urpose.i aloiesaid, out of
any money jn the Tiea-uiy not otlierwist> appiopuated:
Pioiitlrd, Thai no monej lieieby appiopri.ued snail be
u-cd oi ajipln i| lor the puiposes mentioned, until .1 valid
title to the land lot the site to such building, in each ea-..1,
shall lie vested in the United Stab's, and until tile State
shall aUo duly i eleiise iind reli'iquMi to die United Stales*
the right lo tax, oi in way said <sitc, or the pio[>-
erty of the Utuied Stales that may be ilieteou, duung tin*
time that the said United Stale* bhuU be or lemuiu the
owii'ii ibereoj.
Mr. HUNTER objected to the consideration of
the amendment.
iVJr. PEARCE. It is evident that we cannot
consider such a large amendment now.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the amendment already stands over
on an objection interposed by the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. PEARCE. Then the hourofthree o'clock
having almost arrived, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator withdraw the motion for a moment, to allow
the Chair to present a message from the President
of the United States?
Mt1. PEARCE. Certainly.
CAPE FEAR RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, laid befoie the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States ; " * ,, ■
I hay^ this day given my signature to the act making fur-.
ther appropriation for the improvement of the Cape Fear.'
river, North Carolina. The occasion seems to Mider it
proper for me to deviate from the ordinary course, of an-
nouncing the approval of bills by an oral «tat«menf ordy j
and, for the purpose of preventing any misapprehension
which might otherwise aris-e from the phraseology of tftis
act, to communicate m writing, that my approval is^iven;
to it onthegiound that the obstructions which the proposed'
appiopriation is intended to remove,, are the result of acts,
of the General Government. FRANKLIN PIERCE. - ;
On motion by Mr. PEARCE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 29, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slickr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER appointed the following mem-
bers as the select committee to investigate the
charges mode against the honorable Thomas H.
Bayly: Messrs*witte, of Pennsylvania; Smith
Mii.ler, of Indiana; Hill, of Kentucky; Shower,
of Maryland; Walley, of Massachusetts; John-
son-, oi Ohio; and Rogers, of North Carolina,
LAWS OF OREGON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Territory of
Oregon, transmitting the Journals and laws of the
Legislative Assembly of that Territory; which,
with the accompanying documents, was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
REFERENCE OF A SENATE RESOLUTION.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up a Senate joint resolution
for the purposeof having it referred.
Theie bem^ nu objection, Senate joint resolu-
tion " in relation to surgeons' mates of the Army
of the Revolution, was taken from the table, read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. EDGERTON. I a&k the unanimous con-
sent of the House to rep©rt from the Committee
of Claims sundry Senate bills. The committee
report them with a recommendation that they do
not pass. I ask that they may be referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
repm ts, printed.
There was no objection, and Senate bills of the
following titles were reported from the Committee
of Claims:
No. 52. An act for the relief of Mary E. D.
Blancy, widow of the late Mujor George Blaney;
No. 170. An act for the relief of John P. McEl-
derry;
No. 279. An act for the relief of Hezek
Miller;
No, 165. An act for the relief of Lieutenant A,
G. Williamson;
No. 109. An act for the relief of jthe legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Loomis, deceased;
No. 369. An act for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives ot the late Colonel John Anderson; and
No. ;}!)(). An act for the relief of Rulif Van
Brunt.
Mr. EDGERTON. My motion is, that they
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
with a recommendation that they do not pass.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Will it not be
better to have them laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed? It seems to me that that
is the proper course, and that it will be much
better than to lumber up our Calendar in Com-
mittee of the Whole with them.
The SPEAKER, it will be for the House to
decide.
Mr. JONES. J move, then, that the bills do lie
uoon the table, and, with the reports, be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, I would be very much
obliged to the gentleman from New York if he
would withdraw his motion, and allow the bills to
take the direction recommended by the committee.
In some of these cases there has been u diffeieace
of principle between the Committee of Claims in
! the House and the Committee of Claims in the
Senate, and it is but fair to the claimants that the
matters should be discussed m Committee of the
Whole. It seems to me, therefore, a matter of
propriety that these bills should take the course
recommended by the Committee of Claims..
