M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 22,
Mr. JONES. The statement of the chairman
of the Committee of Claims makes the c#se all
the stronger. I am willing to abideby the decision
of the House committee; and X therefore adhere
to my motion.
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
upon "the table was not agreed to.
The bills were then referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the reports, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the following cases.;
which were ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed:
Memorial of Christopher Gill, for compensation
for personal damages while on service in the Con-
gressional Library;
Petition of John Robinson;
Petition of Edward H. Herbert, asking payment
of a balance claimed for timber delivered to the
United States;
Petition of William Brown, for pension and
compensation for losses sustained in the war of
1812;
Petition of Captain Henry Eagle, for the return
to him of certain money stolen from him which
he paid into the United States Treasury, and since
retained by the Government out of the pay of the
thief;
Petition of James Van Horn; and
Peliiion of Robert Lanham, for bounty land and
compensation for losses in the Florida war.
FAVORABLE EEPORTS.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the same committee,
reported back bills and a resolution of the fol-
lowing titles, with the recommendation that they
do pass; which were referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing reports, ordered to be printed:
S. No. 410. An act for the relief of James Dixon.
S. No. 343. An act for the relief of William
Darby;
S. No. 274. An act for the relief of Levi Price
and Andrew Hodge, jr.;
S. No. 278. An act for the relief of Henry La
Reiritrie;
S. No. 362. An act f8r the relief of Asa An-
drews;
S. No. 193. An act to provide compensation
for the services of George Morrell in adjusting
titles to land in Michigan; and
House resolution for the relief of James W.
Nye.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mr. G. Smith; which
was read a first and second lime by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
THE FLEURIAN CLAIM.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. There is in the
Committee of the Whole, Senate bill (No. 103)
" confirming a certain land claim in Louisiana,
known as the Fleurian claim," which I desire to
get before the House, in order that it muy be put
on its passage. 1 believe that I have never before
asked to take up for consideration any bill out of
its usual order, and I trust, that I may now have
the unanimous consent to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the further consideration of
that bill, so that it may be taken up and passed.
Mr. KERR. I make no objection to the gen-
tleman's proposition, but I would like that he
would yield me the floor to report back a bill from
the Committee on the Judiciary, in order that it
may be referred.
Mr. SMITH. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, by unanimous consent, reported back Senate
bill (No. 239) entitled " An act for the relief of Syl-
vester Pettibone," with a recommendation that it
do pass; said bill was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
TEMPERANCE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MAY. By the permission of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent to make a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SMITH. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. MAY. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Judiciary, to report adversely on the prayer
of the New York Temperance Alliance in refer-
ence to the prohibition of the sale of intoxicating
liquors in Washington, and to move that the report
be ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move that the
report on the memorial of the New York Alliance
just made, be recommitted, with instructions to the
committee to report a bill which shall clothe the
city of Washington with express and ample pow-
ers to limit the traffic of intoxicating liquors at
all places within its bounds; and on this motion I
propose to make some remarks.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I did not yield
the floor for any such purpose, and I do not think
that the gentleman has any right to discuss this
question now.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair 1
to know what understanding; has been made be-
tween gentlemen on the floor. The Chair does
know that the gentleman ftom Tennessee yielded
to the gentleman from Maryland, who, being
regularly recognized, reported, by unanimous con-
sent, adversely on the memorial which has been
' indicated. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Smith] rose, and moved to recommit the report
with instructions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move instructions?
The SPEA KER. It is in order.
Mr HUNT. I ask my friend from New York,
as a favor, to allow this claim to be considered
now. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Smith] had the floor, but, through his politeness
and kindness, he has seemingly lost it. I hope,
under such circumstances, and considering that
this claim affects forty of my constituents in their
possession of land, which they have held for
ninety-nine years, that the gerftleman from New
iYoikwill accede to the first favor I have ever
1 asked at his hands.
I The SPEAKER. The motion ofthe gentleman
from New York may be postponed by unanimous
consent, if it be the pleasure of the gentleman and
] the House.
! Mr. SMITH. There may be some person at
that time who would object. If I could have the
j floor on Monday or Tuesday, I am entirely willing
' to waive my right to it now. Although every
! person here may be in favor of my having the
j floor at this time, yet there may be persons present
at some other time who would object to consid-
ering this matter.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, an
arrangement may be made which will prove sat-
isfactory to all parties. Is it the unanimous con-
sent of the House that this proposition to recom-
mit the report be postponed, and considered on the
morning of Monday next?
Mr. FAULKNER. I would suggest Tuesday.
Mr. MAY. I wish to say that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] yielded me the floor
for the purpose of presenting that report. Hav-
ing done so, I supposed it would be printed. The
gentleman from Tennessee claims the floor, and
he is entitled to it." If the fact that he consented
to my presenting the report has embarrassed him
m his right to a hearing and consideration of the
bill which he proposes to consider, and it be com-
petent for me now to withdraw the report, I beg
leave to do so.
The SPEAKER. The report is in the posses-
sion of the House.
1 Mr. MAY. Can I not withdraw itiy unani-
mous consent >
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman can effect
| his object in that way.
Mr. MAY*. I trust, then, the unanimous con-
! sent will be given, and opportunity afforded me
! at some other time to make the report.
[ The SPEAKER. The Chair was' about to
state a proposition made by some gentleman upon
! the floor, that the motion to recommit the report
1 be postponed until Monday or Tuesday of next
week.
Mr. HOUSTON. To be considered in the
morning hour ?
i The SPEAKER. It would come up at that
time, if the unanimous consent of the House is
: given.
; Mr. HOUSTON. I am against taking it out
of the morning hour.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the report?
Mr. MAY. It is the report of the Judiciary
Committee upon a subject about which the mem-
bers of the committee have been importuned a
good deal. The report relates to memorials of
temperance societies praying an amendment of the
city charter of Washington, so as to give that
corporation power absolutely to prohibit the sale
of intoxicating liquors. The Judiciary Committee
have made an adverse report upon these memorials,
upon the distinct ground that the present charter,
as amended, confers such power.
Mr. HOUSTON. No one objects to the report
of the gentleman from Maryland being withdrawn.
A Member. I object.
The SPEAKER. There is objection made to
it by a gentleman to the left of the Chair. The
report is in the possession of the House, and a mo-
tion has been made to recommit it. It is not com-
petent, therefore, for the gentleman from Maryland
to withdraw his report, unless by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HENN. Is itin order for menow to move
to reconsider the vote by which the report was
received ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if the
gentleman from Iowa had got the floor for any
such purpose. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Smith] is on the floor to speak to his mo-
tion, and the Chair has decided that he is entitled
to it.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Smith] be entitled to the floor when this
matter shall have been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. That will depend upon the
gentleman from Tennessee himself, and be for the
Speaker to determine. The gentleman has no
right at all to the floor more than any other mem-
ber.
Mr. ORR. I understand that the gentleman from
Tennessee yielded the floor temporarily to the
gentleman from Maryland, and is therefore enti-
tled to it after the gentleman from Maryland has
attained his object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was recognized by the Chair. The gentle-
man from Maryland rose, and appealed to him to
give way till he could make a report from his com-
mittee. The gentleman from Tennessee complied
with the request. The report of the gentleman
from Maryland was presented, and then the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Smith] moved to re-
commit. That is the history of the matter; and
the gentleman from New York, under the rulesof
the House, is entitled to the floor on his motion.
Mr. HUNT. If the honorablegentleman from
New York will give way for five minutes this bill
will be passed. It has received the unanimous
approval of the Senate. There is nothing in it for
disputation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire
whether or not there be objection to the postpone-
ment of the further consideration of this motion to
recommit.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair recognizes
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. My question of order is this: thatthisbeing
private bill day, it requires a vote of two thirds of
the House to consider any other business than pri-
vate business.
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised by
the gentleman from Ohio is overruled, on the
ground that, by unanimous consent, the report in
I question was presented to the House by the gen-
tleman from Maryland. This sets aside all the
rules of the body, and places the gentleman from
New York on the floor to make his speech. This
is the history of practice under the rule.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suggest that
the motion of the gentleman from New York be
postponed by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) That has been
objected to by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I mean that that motion
be postponed until after the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee shall have been dis-
posed of. That matter will take but ten minutes
for consideration; and the gentleman from New
York will then have the right which he has now.
Mr.'HOUSTON. I have objected to that mo-
tion ; and when I object to a thing, I do not lightly
withdraw such objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have arrived
at too late a period of the session to go into this
