1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
sides that, all these clerks have to work up to or
against what they call " time." They are obliged
to make their reports upon a certain day; and
sometimes they are employed from seven or eight
o'clock in the morning to nine or ten at night.
Mr. ADAMS. The same difficulty exists in
all the Departments, to a greater or less extent;
and therefore the committee have addressed let-
ters to the heads of all the Departments, with a
view of ascertaining what changes in the classifi-
cation are necessary; and we intend to bring in a
general bill to correct the evil. This is intended
merely as a temporary relief for the very persons
to whom the Senator refers.
Mr. BELL, ft seems to me this is one of the
clearest cases of hardship which can be presented
—a $900 clerk having to perform th? duties of a
^1,500 clerk—there beinga difference of pay when
there is no difference in their duties. Sometimes
one will draw a section somewhat more difficult
than arother. There may, and of course will, be
some difference in the scale of these various ac-
counts; but it seems to me there is no justice what-
ever when you mix up in this way §900 and
$1,200 and $1,500 clerks, and make them do the
same duties. If these arduous set vices are worth
$1-,500 per annum, all the cleiks in that office
ought'to have $1,500. This, it seems to me, is a
case which calls as promptly for redress as any
other that can be presented. I do not mean to in-
terpose any difficulty or objection to doing what
may be called justice to others. I am not pre-
pared to go into that question without knowing
precisely what class of cases it is that the Senator
from Mississippi thinks are the more urgent in
their claims for justice before Congress.
Mr. ADAMS. The very class the Senator
speaks of.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator does not
include the $900 clerks.
Mr. ADAMS. We raise the salary of the
§900 clerks to §1,200; that of the $1,200 clerks' to
$1,400; and that of the $1,500 clerks to $1,600;
and I stated at the same time that we intend to
bring in a bill reclassifying the different clerks, so
as to do justice to all.
Mr. BELL. I have only to say if this is to be
a permanent provision incorporated in the new
bill to be brought in—if a $1,500 clerk is to be re-
quired to perform precisely the same duty which
a $1,200 clerk is to be called upon to perform, the
lower salaried clerk is entitled to the same com-
pensation as the other; either the $1,500 clerk gets
too much, or the other too little. The provision
as it now stands is unjust and unequal.
This question is one of very great delicacy, and
one of policy; we should consider well as to what |
is to be the effect of this indiscriminate raising of j
salaries. There is a class of clerks employed in j
the various offices of the Government, particularly!
young men without families, who come harm
merely with a view of staying a few j ars, and
have no idea of spendingtheir lives here, to qualify
themselves, who should not get more than $900
or $1,000 a year, unless they have special qualifi-
cations; and if they have, I presume they would
get a higher place. The effect which will be pro-
duced by taking the lowest grade of copying-
clerks, and giving them $900 or $1,000 a year,
upon wages in this and the adjoining communities,
and throughout the country, is a consideration
which will deserve the serious attention of Con-
gress, whenever they come to settle this matter
upon a sound and permanent principle.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would like to inquire
of the Senator from Mississippi whether the bill
grants relief to those called temporary clerks.
There are a large number of them, particularly in
the Pension Bureau, who receive three dollars and
thirty-three and a thiid cents or four dollars per
day. They are there permanently, although
called temporary clerks. Will this bill afford
them relief? They are not classified.
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly it will. The bill
provides that all persons employed, who are not
classified, shall receive the same compensation as
is allowed for the same or similar work, m the
different Departments to those who are classified.
The next amendment of the committee is in the
second section to strike out " five," so that it shall
provide for " an addition of twenty per cent." to
* the compensation of the messengers, packers, and
laborers in the Departments here'.
The amendment was agree'd to.
Mr. ADAMS. The last amendment is to add*
at the end of the second section: j
To the clerks employed at the navy-yard and marine bar-
racks dl Wa&!nri tun ; to the clerk, HR'Steenger, and laborer
in the office of the Comtms<iionei ot Public Buildings; to
the doorkeeper and assistant doorkeeper at the Executive
Mansion; to the public gardener and the laborers employed
m the public grounds and President** ground; to th** addi-
tional watchmen and police of ihe Capitol, the waiHnnen
employed at the President's house and reservation No. 2;
to the lamplighters, general superintendent, and draw-keep-
ers of the bridge across the eastern branch of the Potomac.
And that the provisions of the second section of the act of
August 31,185*2, making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year ending the
HUth June, 1853. he, and is hereby, extended to such per-
sons heiem enumerated, who were m employment during
that fiscal yeai, and weie excluded from the benefit o( ><iid
act by the dccUion of the Comptroller of the Trea&uiy.
" This is to be added to the clause which provides
for the addition of twenty per cent, to the salaries.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendments were concurred in; the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time, and passed.
^ AltMY RETIRED LIST.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the Senate will indulge
me by taking up the bill " to promote the efficiency
of the Army, by retiring disabled officers." 1 move
that it be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to enact that if any commissioned
officer of the Army shall have become incapable of
performing the duties of his office, by reason of
age, the result of many years of faithful service,
I or by wounds leceived in the line of duty, or by ]
disatrmty, caused by exposure in service, he shall
be placed upon a retired list, and withdrawn from
active service and command, with the pay proper
of the highest rank held by him at the time,
whether by staff, regimental, or brevet commis-
sion, and the service rations to which he may then
be entitled, but without any other aIlowarices;and
the officer next in rank shall be promoted to the |
place of the retired officer, according to the here- j
tofore established rule of the service. I
It also proposes to authorize the President to j
direct the Secretary of War to refer the case of j
any officer applying to be retired, to an army j
board, to be composed of not more than thirteen J
nor less than seven commissioned officers, to be j
detailed from those of superior rank to him whose i
case is under consideration; which board shall de- I
termme upon the case. If the board determine |
that the disability was incurred in the line of duty,
and the President approve their judgment, the dis- i
abled officer shall be placed upon the list of retired ;
officers; but if the board are of opinion that thej
disability was the result of vicious habits, or of
exposure unconnected with official duty, and the
President concur in that opinion, then the disabled
officer may, at the discretion of the President, be
dropped from the rolls of the Army.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to offer some amend-
ments to the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether it would not be better to set some subse-
quent day for the consideration of these military
bills which have been reported from his commit-
tee. They are very important bills. If he will
set such a day, we shall come in then and be
ready to consider them. To-day we are all taken
by surprise. None of us expected that theSenator
would propose to consider them now. I hope,
therefore, he will give us time to examine them.
If he will fix any future day, I will agree to be
ready to vote when the day comes. I did not
suppose that the bills would be called up so soon,
and I have not examined them sufficiently to be
enabled to vote properly upon them.
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill now before the Sen-
ate for consideration has passed this body three
several times, and always been lost in the House
for want of time. It is a bill to retire disabled of-
ficers. I think the Senator from Vnginia himself
has heretofore voted in favor of it. It has been
printed and laid on our tables for some time. It
was reported at an early part of the session. It
has been prepared with great care by the War
Department in concert with the Committee on
Military Affairs. I know of no measure which is
more necessary for our Army at this time than a
bill for the retirement of disabled officers. The rea-
son why 1 should regret the postponement of the
bill to anotherday is this: That if all these military
bills are postponed until the privileged question,
which is pending, and the Nebraska bill are settled,.
1 doubt very much whether they will pass this body
at this session. I have taken up the bill which ia
now immediately under consideration first, be-
cause I did not expect it would lead to any discus-
sion, or to any opposition.
Now every man at all acquainted with the pres-
ent condition of the Army knows, that it is re-
duced and diminished in number until it is a mere
skeleton. These bills have been prepared by the
War Department principally, and have been ex-
amined and corrected, in concert with the Depart-
ment, by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill which is now under consideration,"as I
have already stated, has passed this body again
and again, and the whole Army are now anxious
for it to pass, so as to retire the officers who are
superannuated, disabled, and unfit for duty, and
who are not able, and in fact ought not, to be
placed at the head of a command. _ I did not ex-
pect that it would lead to any opposition, and that
was the reason why I called it up first. There
are two other bills which 1 had intended to call up
afterwards.
Mr. HUNTER. I was only asking for time.
No doubt, as the Senator states it, it is true that
the bill has passed the Senate heretofore. I do not
know whether I voted for it or not. I have not
had time to examine the bill, and I do notsuppose
when it passed before that I could have given it
much examination, for these bills are often called
up and passed without much consideration. I
understand that the Senator has a series of bills—
I have no doubt well considered and well matured
—contemplating very great and radical changes
in the Army; and it seems to roe that such bills
should be considered by other members of the
Senate, and a future day should be rixed for their
consideration, when we may come prepared to vote
upon them. Thatisall I ask. If theSenator will
fix a day, I will be ready on that day to act upon
the bills, and ask for no further postponement.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was about to do that in re-
gard to the two more important bills for increasing
the Army, and increasing the pay of the Army;
but I took it for granted, that a bill which had been
discussed, over and over again, and passed by this
body, would be passed now without any opposi-
tion. If the gentleman sees there is anything wrong
in the bill, and will point it out, I shall be glad to
amend it, if I think it is wrong. I speak of this
bill in particular, because 1 look upon it as one
essentially necessary at present for the Army.
Senators will remember the case of the late most
calamitous disaster to the steamship San Francis-
co, where, I understand, the superior officers, from
disability on account of age, were compelled to
leave their command. That of itself should induce
I us to pass the bill.
I Mr. HUNTER. I am not opposing the Sen-
ator's bill. I only ask for time to examine it. I
!! do not know whether it is right or wrong—whe-
I ther any provision in it is wrong or not. I want
time to examine it, to ascertain that fact.
i| Mr. GWIN. I propose that all these military
' bills be made the special order for this day two
weeks, when we can take them up and decide
upon them.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not see with what pro-
priety the Senator from Virginia asks for the
postponement of this bill. If this were the first
time the question had been presented to the Sen-
ate for providing a retired list for the Army, there
would be very great propriety in the Senator ask-
ing its postponement until he had determined in
his own mind if the public interest required that
such a retired list should be provided; out,.as my
friend at the head of the Committee on Military
! Affairs says, this question lias been before the
j Senate time and again. _ We are told that a bill
! containing all its provisions has passed the Sen-
1 ate and the fair and legitimate result is, that the
attention of so watchful a guardian of the public
interest as the Senator from Virginia is, has been
directed to this particular bill.
Now, if the Senator says that he has not de-
termined in his own mind whether the interests of
the Army require that a retired list should be pro-
vided; if he has not yet had an opportunity to
