1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
see, William H. Bissell, of Illinois, and John
G. Davis, of Indiana, as managers on their part.
RECONSIDERATION OF A BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senate on Tuesday
passed a bill to amend an act, entitled " an act to
grant the right of preemption to certain purchas-
ers and settlers on the Maison Rouge Grant, in
the event of the final adjudication of the title in
favor of the United States." It was discovered
this morning that there is a defect in the bill as
passed, in consequence of which the wrong act
is proposed to be extended by that bill. That mis-
take should be corrected; and I wish to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill was
passed in order that the necessary correction may
be made. Tins is the last day on which, by our
rules, the reconsideration can be moved. The bill
is now, however, on the Speaker's table in the
other House; and I wish to have it brought back
to the Senate. Unless it be sent back to-day, be-
fore the House adjourns, I cannot move to recon-
sider. I move, therefore, now, that the Secretary
be directed to request the House of Representa-
tives to return that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McKf.an, Chief j
Clerk, returning the bill mentioned,in accordance
with the request of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the vote on the
passage of the bill be reconsidered, and I ask that
the motion be entered on the journal.
The PRESIDENT. It will be so entered.
IIYDI AN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
 n in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1855.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment
which I have to offer from the Committee on
Indian A (fairs, is to insert under the "miscella-
neous" heading, the following:
Foi stuveying and marking the boundary lines of such
tin  t oi tracts ol hind h- may be provided under the stipu-
lations of the amendment-* ot the Senate to the treaties of
the y:*d of Juh and 5ih of August, lKr>), with the riioux
Indians, ;
For e\pen-cs of negotiating the treaties of the 10th of
September, with the Rogue Hiver Indian^, and ofthe
Wth of September, lw.r>3, with the <'ow Creek band of
IJmpqu.t Indians, tf-VMju.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. S15I*ASTI AN. 1 have another amendment
from the Committee on Indian A flairs, to comem
at the end of the second section. That section
provides that no existing provisions of law, pre-
n'T hmg tlx* manner in which payment shall be
made to Indians, shall be construed to repeal or
contravene the seventeenth section of the Indian
intercourse act. The amendment of the committee
is to add to this provision ihe following:
(>r to prohibit the p.ivment of arty claim or claim*;, other
than those of agents or attorneys, for bona Jide services ren-
dered to any I nth an tube, m case* where the President may
adjudge Mich Herviees necessary, and the claim or claims,
theretor,just and iea-*onable.
Mr. WALKER. With the acquiescence ofthe
chan man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I
wish to have a slight verbal alteration made in the
amendment, in order more fully to carry out its
design. I move to amend it by inserting after ihe
woi d " aftoi nevs" the words 44 for claims."
Mr. SEBASTIAN, i agree to the propriety
of that.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment fioin the Committee on Indian Affairs, as an
additional section:
3. Jindbr it jnrther evaded, Thai the President
lie authorized, by and with the advice and con-ent of the
J-H'naU", to appoint a superintendent ot Indian affairs for
the Temtorv of (:?ah, who shall receive an annual salaiy
of y2,U()!i, and whisc duty U shall be to excrete n geneml
euperuHMidenceover the Indian tribe-in Utah, and to e\er-
ei-c and perioral alt the powers and duties assigned by law
to other Hip 'iintendents of f ndtan affairs.
The amendment was agreed to. I
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment is !
to add an additional section: .
Sec. 4. +lndbc it Jmlker enaded, That  o much ol'the 1
act to estaWUh the territorial government of Utah, ap-
proved 9th September, 185(1, as requites the Governor of
said Territory to perform the duties of superintendent of
i ndian affairs, and authorize* him to receive a salary there-
for, in addition to the salary allowed foi hi-5 services as Gov-
ei nor, he lepealed, and that the Governor of said Territory
shall hereafter receive an annual salary of $2,500,
The object of this provision, Mr. President, is
merely to separate the duties of superintendent of
Indian affairs, from the office of Governor in the
Territory of Utah. It is unnecessary, probably, to
explain the considerations which have induced the
committee to report this amendment. They are
obvious in their character, and such as will sug-
gest themselves to the Senate at a glance. We
also propose to make provision for increasing the
salary of theGovernor, in consequence of the sep-
aration of the duties of superintendent from his
office, and to make his salary equal to that which
we now allow to the Governors of Washington
and Oregon, who, in their relations to our coun-
try, are situated about as remotely and inaccessi-
bly, and the expenses of living in each are about
the same. We thought it just, therefore, to al-
low the Executive of Utah the same salary as the
Governors of those other Territories. The mam
object was to separate the duties of superintendent
of Indian affairs, from those of the Executive of
that Territory.
Mr CHASE. I doubt the expediency of in-
creasing the salary of the Governor of Utah. I
have heard no special reason why it should be in-
creased by this amendment. The office which has
heretofore been paid $2,500 as Governor and as
superintendent, is to be divided into two, and one
is to he paid $9,500 and the other $2,000, making
$4,500 for these services. Unless the chairman
of the committee can assign some good reason for
it, I think the amendment ought to be rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator, I imagine,
is mistaken slightly m his facts. The object is
only to give to the Governor of Utah, as Gov-
ernor, a salary of $2,500, in consequence of the
separation of these duties. lie now receives a
salary of $1,500 as Governor, and $1,500 as su-
perintendent. This amendment creates a separate
superintendent, and to that extent it does enlarge,
of course, the salary of one of the offices. Dutit
will be recollected that the Senate yesterday, in
providing for the salary of the Executive of Min-
nesota, in just such a contingency as this, allowed
a salary of $2,500. In the Kansas and Nebraska
bill, lately passed by this body, the same salary
was nllowed to the Governors of those two Ter-
ritories, and in those cases the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs were separated from those
of the Executive. We allow to the Governor of
Oregon, whose duties are separated from those of
Indian superintendent, the same salary, $2,500.
By this amendment, therefore, we but preserve
the same analogy in reference to the salary of this
officer, which has already been established as to
the salaries of four other terntoiial Governors
where the office of superintendent is not connected
with the office of Governor. It simply allows
him, in this case, a similar salary as is allowed in
the others. j
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian I
Affairs have instructed me to offer the following, <
as an additional section: ;
Pre. 5. Jl nd he it further enacted. That the President bo, j
and he in hereby, authouzed and required to cause to be i
fulfilled the stipulations of tin* ninth and tenth ai ticles of !
the tre.itv with the 8ae-< and Fo\e>, and other tribe-. of In-
dian**, concluded on the loth ot July. 1SII0, by causing ^:nd
re-erved tract-* to be surveyed and allotted to the peisoim
pioperly entitled to the iame, in lee simple, in such man-
ner, nud under mc-Ii rule-- and regulation,-, a- he may pre-
scribe ; and, to defrav the e\-pen-es of the -same, there be,
and if hereh} , appropuated the Mini ol ยง,IU,5h!.> 29.
The object of this amendment, Mr. President,
is simply to carry into etfect the stipulations of the
ninth and tenth articles of the treaty of 1830, made
with some five or six different bands of Indians,
which have never yet been fulfilled. The purport
of those articles requires the setting apart, by the
United States, of reserves, one upon the Missouri,
and the other upon the Mississippi river, in the
ordinary form of Indian reservations, for the use of
their nations. It was stipulated that the President,
at anv future time, might survey off the country,
and aHot in severalty to the half breeds, reserva-
tions not exceeding six hundred and forty acres
each. Circumstances have heretofore prevented
the carrying into effect of that stipulation. In the
mean time the land which was regarded as fixed
for the reservation, has been settled upon by large
numbers of white settlers from the States, who are
occupying the best lands, and all the most valu-
able sites, commercial and otherwise, in the Ter-
ritory, until the Indians themselves have become
alarmed, and justly alarmed, at the prospect that
the absorption, by settlement, of the lands by the
^white population, will soon leave them nothing out
fwwhichthe treaty stipulations can be performed.
The period of the fulfillment of this treaty has
been postponed until the very last moment, and
the Indians now allege, and I think with very
great justice, that the treaty stipulations should
be performed. If we concur in the amendment
of the committee, it will be the duty of the Presi-
dent to survey the country, and allot off the reser-
vations according to the stipulations of the treaty,
and dispose of the residue of the land according
to existing laws. The estimate of the amount ne-
cessary for this purpose has been made, upon a
basis suggested by the Land Office, ami is in strict
accordance with the views of the Indian depart-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ^EBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affniia, is to add the
following two additional sections:
Pkc B. .And he it further enacted, That the President of
the United State- be, and he is hereby, authonzed. by and
with the advice tnid consent of the Senate, to appoint two
Indian aireni- toi the Indian-* ea-t of the Kocky Mountains,
m addition to the eleven piovided for by the founh section
of ihe act entitled "An act malum; appropnation^ for the
eurient and contingent expense* of the Indian depai fluent,"
&e., approved Febnmry 27. lfc\>l; one Indian agent for the
Indians in the Tcrntory of New Mexico, in addition to the
loui pmvided for by the lifth section ot the*-ame act; and
-nch number ot Indian agent's not exceeding three, as he
mav deem e.\pcdient, foi the Indian tubes in the Tcrutoiy
ol Washington.
Skc. 7 v-ind !>c it- further marted. That the agents appoint-
ed undei the ptovisions ot the fii-t se< uon oi litis ,u-t -hall,
before entenng on the duties ol their respective office**,
give bond in such penalties, and with sin-h condition.- and
security,as the President or the Secretary of the Interior
may require. They shall hold their otliees respectively for
the term ol tour years, and shall receive an annual sakuy of
$l,5(t(j each.
I v/ill explain to the Senate the necessities of
the amices which require the appointments of
these different agents. There are six asked for by
the Department, three of which, in the first place,
are for the Territory of Washington. Thisis sim-
ply to supply the omission in the act establishing
the territorial government of Washington, in con-
sequence of which there was no provision m?tde
for the appointment of Indian agents for that Ter-
ritory at ail. Usually it is the ca^e, that the In-
dian agents are provided for ar> often as we create
territorial governments for our distantpossessions.
For what reason the omission took place, 1 am
unable to say. There are, however, provided at
this time, three Indian agents for the Territory of
Oregon, containing a little more population, and
about the same area as the Territory of Wash-
ington, while there are none for the latter Teiri-
tory. In addition to this, theTerritory of Oregon
is furnished with a superintendent separated fiom
the office of Governor, while in Washington the
office of superintendent and that of Governor are
lodged in the same person. To this extent it
disqualifies even the superintendent, who is the
only Indian officer provided for that Territory, from
performing the duties.
It will be remembered by those who are familiar
with the geography of Washington Territory,
that it is separated into three great nutuial divis-
ions, and there are supposed to be some fifteen or
twenty thousand Indians within its limits. The
Indians in these three geographical divisions have
entirely different habits, and necessarily require
an agent to attend particularly to the wants of
each. I can see great reason therefore for estab-
lishing three Indian agents in Washington Terri-
tory, because it only puts that on a footing with
our other Territories.
The additional a^ent for the Territory of New
Mexico is asked for, in older to have him as-
signed to the Pueblo Tndians, an extensive class,
with whom our relations at this time are very in-
teresting. It is doubted whether they belong to
that class of Indians, with whom we are enabled
to treat as independent nations. The present
bill however contains several generous provisions
for presenting them agricultural implements, and
such other articles as are suited for their advance
