186-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
-I-£ouse bill (No. 103) " for the relief of Ferdi-
nand Clark." [Objected to by Mr. Skelton.]
House bill (No. 105) "for the relief of Wilson
& Brothers, of St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri." [Objected to by Mr. Skelton.]
House bill (No. 239) " for the relief of Hiram
Moore and John Hascall." [Objected to by Mr.
Smith, of Virginia.]
House bsll (No. 240) lt for the relief of Thomas
S. J. Johnson, of the Territory of New Mexico."
[Objected to by Mr. Edgerton.]
Senate bill (No. 139) " for the relief of Charles
Keliett."
This bill orders the refunding to Charles A.
Keliett of certain moneys paid by him to the
collector of New York as duties on the entry of
the Chinese junk Key-ing.
The report of the Committee on Commerce
was read. The committee adopt the report pre-
sented by Mr. Grinnell from the same committee
at the first session of the Thirtieth Congress.
This report assigns as a reason why the money
paid for custom fees should be refunded to the ;
claimant, that the junk Key-in* was not brought ;!
to this country for the purpose of commerce, but ;
as an object of curiosity, and that the expenses ;j
far exceeded the receipts of the said junk; and
cites as a precedent for the course, the case of a '
Greek vessel which had arrived at New York |
some years since. h
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If I recollect aright ij
that bill was passed upon last Saturday, and was, !|
by a vote of the committee, ordered to be reported ij
to the House, with a recommendation that it do 1
not pass |i
Mr. EDGERTON. I would state to the gentle- j,
man from Indiana, that he is mistaken in regard
to this hill. The question, wh^n it was la«n be- jj
fore the committee, was, " Shall the bill be report- '!
ed to the House with a recommendation that it ij
do pass?" The committee decided that question i<
in the negative, which left the hiil m the same ,[
position in which it had stood before. j,
Mr. DAVIS. I stand corrected. My impres- ,
siori was as I had stated.
Mr. JONES, of New York. 1 object to the
bill. '
The bill was accordingly passed over. l!
House bill (No. 346) (t for the lelief of the chil-
dren and heirn of Major General Baron DeKalb." ||
The bill was reau. !i
It provides/that m consideration of the services 'j
and sacrifices of the late Major General Baron De j
Kalb m the Revolutionary war, the Secretaiy of!1
the Treasury be authorized and directed to pay
his children and heirs, named in the petition,
the Mini o I £!)(),51.*) fil, the same being the amount 'l
now due, including interest from the year 1819,
at, which time the (ietnand was piesented for pay- !:
nienf. !,
Mr. PKCKITA M.~ In point of fact, the amount !j
provided for in that bill is too iaige.
A Mlmbeh. Then object to it. :■
Mr. rECIvLIAM. When it is considered in 1
committee, ! shall propose to reduce the amount .
to what I think is actually due on that, claim. ;i
The C1IA1RM \N. Dots the gentleman from
New Yoik piopose io amend the bill?
Mr. PKOJCHAM, 1 suppose it is not in order
to amend it now.
The CHAIRMAN. Then does the gentleman
object ?
'Mr. PEOKHAM. The bill is not right as it
stands now; and I wish to amend it. 1 therefore
object.
The bill was passed over.
Senate hill (No. 33) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Major Caleb Swan, deceased." :
[Objected to by Mr. Fuller.] I
House bill (No. 263) " for the relief of W. D. !
Porter, of the United States Navy."
The bill provides for the payment to Captain
Porter of the moneys actually expended by him
in defraying the expenses of bringing Amin Bey j
and suite io the United States, in" conformity |
with the request of the United States Minister!
at Constantinople, such amount not to exceed ;
$2,0^4 3$, which sum is thereby appropriated for ]
the pm pose. !
Prom the report, which was read, if appears
that Lieutenant Porter, at Genoa, in the command
of the United States storeship Erie, and about to
return home, received a letter from the Hon.
George P. Marsh, minister resident of the United
States at Constantinople, dated the 30th May,
J850, requesting him to receive Amin Bey, of the
Turkish Navy, and his attendants, on bfcard his
ship, and give them a passage to ^he United
States. The Minister stated that the visit of Amin
Bey was made upon the suggestion of the Amer-
ican legation, and under the proffer of a free pass-
agein apubheshipof the United States,forthepur-
pose of examining our navy-yards, docks, ships-
o'-war, and other public works connected with our
military marine; and contained an assurance that,
without doubt, the Government would reimburse
any expense to which Lieutenant Porter might be
subjected by their passage.
Upon the faith of this letter, Amin Bey and
suite, together with Mr. John P. Brown, as drag-
oman of the legation at Constantinople, was re-
ceived on board the Eneat Genoa, on the 5th July
and landed at New York on the 13th September,
1850. On the 30th September Congress passed an
act appropriating §10,000 for the expenses of the
agentof the Sublime Purte, " to be disbursed under
the direction of the Secretary of Suite." Of this
amount $4,051 81 was expended by the State De-
partment, and the balance, to wit: $5,948 19, was
transferred to the surplus fund, November 19,
1853. This mission having been regarded as of
sufficient importance to the United States, by our
Minister at the Turkish Court, to warrant his
taking the responsibility of inviting it, and tender-
ing a free passage in a public vessel, the appro-
priation made by Congress in two weeks after
Amin Bey's amval, to defray the expenses, must
be regarded as an approval of the act of our Minis-
ter, mid an adoption of his letter to Lieutenant
Porter. The eomnnfteeare satisfied from inquiry
that the habits of A mm Bey and suite must have,
subjected Lieutenant Porter to expenses exceeding
those of ordinary ifuosts. The amount claimed
by him for actual expenses incurred is $:2,{h2£ 37,.
and the gieater part of which is substantiated by
vouchers.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, wuh a i ecommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 27^) "for the relief of Darnel
Bedinger's heirs. [Objected to by Mr. Morgan.]
blouse bill (No. 273) "for the relief of the le-
gal repiesfiitatives of Colonel John H . Stone."
Mr. MILLION. It became my duty to ex-
amine this case during the Thirty-Firnt Congress ,
and knowing its character, I feel constrained to
object to the bill at this time.
The hill was passed over.
House lull (No. 27 1) "for the relief of the legal
representatives of Colonel Willis Riddick, de-
ceased." [Objected to by Mr. Macdonald.]
House hill (No. 281) " for the relief of Briga-
dier General ."John K. Wool.
The bill was read. It authorizes the pioper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to allow Bnga-
dier General John E. Wool, inspector general of
tin-* United States A rmy, double rations from July
21,1^1, to Maich 3, ]cvi3, being the same as have
bten allowed by the War Department to other
! ollicers of the staff; and when the amount is as-
, certained, to pay the same out of any money in
i the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I Mr. Mcculloch, i object.
: Mr. MACK. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
Ins objection until the report is lead. I am sure
, it the gentleman wtii iiear the report, he will see
: that it is a perfectly plain case,
j Mr. MCCULLOCH.. 1 withdraw the objection
I for that pui pose.
i The report w?ts read, ftom which it seems that
! by the fifth section of theactofthe 16th of March,
1802, and by the fourth section of the act of the
3d of March, 1H15, every officer of the Aimy is
entitled to a certain number of rations daily, "and
to the commanding officers of each separate post
such additional number of rations as the President
o! the United Stares shall, from time to time, di-
rect, having respect to the special circumstances of
each post."
By an exposition given by the War Department
to this law, the Q,uai t^imaster Geneial, the Com-
missary General of Subsistence, the Chief Engi-
neer, and the Colonel of Ordnance, were considered
as coming within its provisions; and accordingly,
by an order of the War Department, dated the 27th
of July, 1821, these officers were allowed double
rations. At a subsequent period the Adjutant
General was deemed to come within the rule, as
extended to others; and by an order dated the 31st
of March, 1826, he was allowed double rations.
Although denied to Inspector General Wool, the
War Department, by an order dated the 25th of
February, 1829, allowed Major Nourse, not then
in the Army, but chief clerk of the War Depart-
ment, to receive, retrospectively, double rations for
the period that he had performed the duties of Ad-
jutant General, between the 8th of May, 1822, and
the 20th of March, 1825. Under this order other
officers of the staff weie allowed to receive, retro-
spectively, double rations.
Such was the practical construction by the War
Department of the law of the 16th of March, 1802,
and sanctioned by appropriations, for eleven years,
by Congress; when the present Secretary of War,
believing that Brigadier General Wool came within
the rule which extended the benefits of that law to
others, at the same time considering it but an act
of justice to place him in the same situation, al-
lowed him double rations from the 3d March, 1833.
Mr. MACE. I would ask the Clerk to read
the letter of Hon. Lewis Cass, which I send up.
It is in further explanation of this case.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
War. Dkvartment, January 4, 183S.
Sir: 1 have the honor to return the petition of General
Wool which you transmuted to me.
A practical exposition was long since given hy this De-
partment to the iaw allowing addi'ional rations to the com-
maudinjr oll'icor.^ of po*ts which brought the hearts ol bu-
reaus a nil or department^, stationed at this place, within
it* piovi-ions. l ehev;ng that Geneial Wool came within
the i nle whi< h extended the benefits of that law toothers,
J considered it an act ot justice to place him m the same
situation, :uid therefore allowed him double rations Irota
the tunc sr.iu-d in his pennon. He did not ask tilts Depart-
ment to ni.ike any rctiononve allowance; and if he had,
iIhi claiin could not have been gninu-d, because the Presi-
dent had pievmiMy directed that no allowance of that na-
ture -should, utiia ' <*oy t-m iiin>tcU)ees, be made.
The ca .e ot Major X'oiiim: i? ctnrccfly stated hv General
Wool, a- appeals tiom the inclosed communication irom
tiie  - e< and AiidHoi.
i Joutnlerinj? tin** place as the headquarter* of Geneial
Wool, it appeals to me that the same principles under
which thi^ allowance n,is made to the other heads of the
"latf <lcp.ii itnejiis, would justify the extension to hno of the
i elief which he a>ks fioni Cona;ret?-v. Ill* duties are ardu-
ous and important; and the expenses to which iie is liable
are. -probably, greater than those ot any oihei otticeroi the
Army, with the e\<:< ption ofhisco)league,ColoneJCtoghan.
Very icspeett'ully, your most obedient servant,
• LTAV. CASS.
Hon. Aaron VVakd, Military Committee, Ho, Rcp>.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 283) (f for the relief of the legal
repiehenrHtu'p.s of Colonel Francis Vigo."
Mr. MACE. 1 am satisfied tlmt that hill ought
not to pass, and therefore more that it he laid aside
to he reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. CORP.. Let the friends of the bill have a
fair hearing. Object, and let the bill be passed over.
Mr. MACE. Very well,then I object to the bill.
Houne lull (No. 323) <(for the relief of J". C.
Buckles, of Louisville, Kentucky."
The bill, which was read inexteiiso, authorizes
ami directs the Postmaster General to pay to J.
C. Buckle?, of Lou.sviile, Kentucky, out of any
moneys appropriated, or that may hereafter be
appropriated, for the transportation of the mails,
tne sum of $'3,006.
Theie was no objection* and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 324) " for the relief of McAtee
and Eastman." [Onjeoted to by Mr. Stuart, of
Michigan.]
House bill (No-. 325) " for the relief of James
S. Graham and Walker H. Finnall."
The bill, which was read inexten&o, authorizes
and directs the Postmaster General to pay .Tames
S. Graham and Walker H. Finnall *$3,000, as
compensation in full for the losses they sustained
by reason of the abandonment by the Postmaster
General of two contracts made by that officer with
them for the transportation of the mail from
Washington to Fredericksburg:, and from Fred-
ericksbui^ to Richmond, which contracts bear
date Decembei 3, 1847.
The accompanying; report of the Committee on
the Post Office and post Roads, which was read
at the request of several members, shows that in
October, A. D. 1847, the Richmond, Fredericks-
