1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
to civilization, and giving them fixed agricultural
habits. If it is thought proper to establish and
maintain friendly relations with these Indians at
all, it is no doubt necessary that we should estab-
lish an agency for them.
The other two Indian agents proposed to be
appointed are asked for by the Department, to be
located in the vast territory lying between tW
Red river upon the south, the British possessiortF
upon the north, thegreat chain of the Stony Mount-
ains upon the west, and the States bordering
upon the Mississippi river on the east. Any one
who will think for a minute of the vast extent of
that country, the great numbers of Indian tribes
who wander over it, and then will consider the
fact that we have but two Indian agents, who trav-
erse that immense range of country, to maintain
friendly relations with all these Indians, and dis-
burse payments of provisions and money under
the different treaties with them, will see that the
task imposed on these two agents is one which it
is absolutely physically impossible for them to
perform. One agent will be required upon the
Arkansas river alone, and another upon the Platte,
and it will take at least two to discharge the duties
of agents with the immense number of tribes ex-
tending from Minnesota Territory to the dividing
ridgebetweenWashington Territory and theplains
lying east of it.
The Department is not without ample and suf-
ficient information in making this recpmmend-
' ation. Last year, when Mr. Fitzpatrick was
required to go out and pay the Indian annuities
which had been provided under the treaty of Fort
Laramie, it required a journey of several months
from the head waters of the Arkansas up to the
head waters of the Missouri, to visit the different
tribes with whom we had treaty relations, and to
whom he had to make disbursements. It does
appear to me that, considering the number of In-
dians in that region, and the vast extent of coun-
try over which our Indian agents have to travel,
and our diversified relations with these Indians,it
is utterly impossible that two agents can perform
that service. I om more certain that this portion
of the amendment ought to be adopted than either
of its other provisions, but 1 am pretty well con-
vinced that all of these agents have become neces-
sary for the service.
Mr. BELL. I desire to ask my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, a
question in relation to his statement as to the ne-
cessity of appointing three new agents for the
Territory of Washington. As I understood him,
he intimated that there was some propriety in
having an equal number in Washington and Ore-
gon. There have been three heretofore appointed
in Oregon, and I ask the honorable Senator if one
of those there is not agent for the tribes that are
now said to be located in the Territory of Wash-
ington, west of the Cascade range; and whether
that would not make some difference in the neces-
sity of appointing three? The honorable Senator
stated that, inasmuch as there were three for the
Territory of Oregon, there would be some pro-
priety in giving the same number to Washington.
There are some twenty thousand Indians in Wash-
ington Territory, I believe, and most of them
roam over the eastern part of it, between the
Rocky Mountains and the Cascade range.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can answer the honor-
able Senator. The three Indian agents now in
Oregon are all under the jurisdiction of the super-
intendent of Indian affairs for Oregon, and their
operations are confined entirely to that Territory.
Mr. BELL. That was not the question.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There are none in Wash-
ington, except some agents who have been em-
ployed by the superintendent of Indian affairs for
Washington, taking upon himself the responsi-
bility of employing them under the special neces-
sities of the case, and for whom provision is made
in this bill; but, by law, there are none at all in
Washington.
Mr. BELL. I know that that is so by the
terms of the law technically; but, when these agents
were appointed, was not one of them for the tribes,
or remnants, or fragments of tribes, around Puget's
Sound ? When we had settlements forming there
in Washington Territory, it was thought neces-
sary to have an Indian agent. Now, as to the
jurisdiction of the superintendent in Oregon, I pre-
sume that can be remedied by extending the super-
intendency to Washington. That is answered by
the suggestion that the Governor of Washington
has the superintendency of Indian affairs. Then,
there could bean agent for Washington Territory
taken from those who were appointed for Oregon
Territory, while Washington formed a part of Ore-
gon Territory; and the proper amendment would
be to transfer the jurisdiction of that agency to the
Governor of Washington.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I imagine there is ample
use for all the Indian agents who are already in
Oregon. They have madeseveral treaties in Ore-
gon, but none have been made in Washington at
all. In Washington, the personnel of the Indian
department consists of the superintendent with-
out any agent or sub-agents. There is no agent
or sub-agent now on Puget's Sound. Governor
Stevens says it is an unexplored country.
Mr. BELL. Settlements south of Puget's Sound.
I really do not know how far our settlements
extend.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 will say to the Senator,
that in my opinion there is ample necessity for the
appointment of three agents at this time.
Mr. BELL. Well.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Department asked
for the appointment of a number not exceeding
three. I presume that at this time one agent would
be sufficient for the country between the Pacific
and the Cascade range; and another among the
Flatheads along the eastern range of mountains
would be sufficient. There are no wandering
tribes in Oregon except those near the mountains;
the others are stationary, having their fixed d well-
ings or lodges.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEP ASTIAN. I offer the following
amendment:
For defraying the expenses of witnesses, marshal, attor-
ney, notaiy, interpreter*, and stationery, and for copy-
in? evidence in the investigation of the official conduct ot
Alexander Ramsay, of Minnesota, $720.
That item, and several which wiil follow, are the
same as the amendment which was under discus-
sion yesterday, with the exception that they leave
out the item embracing the compensation for
Governor Gorman, and provide only for the ne-
cessary expenses, the fees of witnesses, the ex-
penses of interpreters, and of marshals for the
service of processes, &c. They are estimated for
by the Department, and are recommended. The
item which was exceptionable was separated from
these which are estimated for, and are now recom-
mended by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next item is the fol-
lowing:
For the services of Robert A. Matthews, for copying the
proceedings and evidence in said investigation, under the
employment of Richard M. young, one of the commission-
ers, $250.
This item is not embraced in the last estimate,
but an additional estimate is sent from the Secre-
tary of the Interior. At the time that the pro-
j ceedings of that commission were spttled, the
papers in regard to this claim were for some time
mislaid, and it was not paid. We have them
now upon hand, and the amendment is offered to
meet the claim. On the return of Judge Young,
one of the commissioners, to this place, and after
he had ceased to draw pay as commissioner, he
; employed a clerk to copy all the evidence, to
; transcribe it, and prepare it in due form. It was a
service which I think was well worth the money
which is asked for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire simply to remark
that I hope we shall get through with this, and
that we will not again repeat the experiment upon
which the expenditure is founded. Last year the
Senate undertook to request the President, with-
out the concurrence of the other House, to enter
into the investigation which led to all this expense.
The Department of the Interior seemed to think
that, as it was done by order of the Senate, it
should be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate; and I believe a portion of the expenses—
| Judge Young's compensation—was so paid. This
; all shows the anomalous sort of Jegislation into
j which we have been led. It seems to me that,
| except for the expenses of the Senate itself, this
j body and the President together have no right to
I incur liabilities for the United States. We have
authorized this to be done. We had better pay
this gentleman, and repeat the precedent no more.
Mr. CHASE. 1 would inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs rf this is not a
private claim? and if it be such, I suggest that it
is not competent for it to be' offered as an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I apprehend that it is not
more a private claim than the payment of wit-
nesses, marshals, and others who were engaged
in this examination. We have agreedio pay the
expenses of other persons engaged in the exec'u*
tion of this commission. This claim ought to
have been, and would have been, paid by the
Department, if the funds had been suMcient; and
we are now supplying the deficiency. It is for
services rendered in pursuance of a resolution of
the Senate; and I may say that this is a reason-
able and necessary expenditure, and the expendi-
tures incurred by the commission do not amount
to anything very alarming. The fact that I have
been compelled to present these items in detail, on
account of the objection yesterday, has made them
appear much larger than they otherwise would.
I do not think that the claims of every kind, and
every expense attendant upon the investigation,
exceed $2<000. It is certainly a very small
amount, compared with the expense of some in-
vestigations which have been entered into.
Mr. CHASE. I submit the question to the
Chair, whether this is not a private claim? I do
not understand the statement of the honorable
Senator from Arkansas to be, that the claim is in
consequence of any special appropriation made
heretofore. There was a resolution directing the
President to cause a certain investigation to be
made, and this is one of the items of the claim
made in consequence of that resolution. Butthere
has been no appropriation made for the purpose
of carrying out the resolution; hence I submit the
question to the Chair.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that this arises out of the anomalous nature
of the proceedings attendant upon this investiga-
tion. The Senate had no right to authorize the
President to cause the investigation to be made,
unless it meant to pay for the expenses out of the
contingent fund. The question has-arisen in re-
gard to that; and it seems to me that the best way
would be to dispose of it, settle the claim in this
bill, and, as I said before, repeat the experiment
no more. I think that probably we did depart
from ourpowers in authorizing any such expend-
iture to be incurred, unless it was something that
came properly within the range of the appropria-
tion for the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. My desire was to ad here to the
rules of the Senate in our legislation. By unani-
mous consent these rules can be dispensed with,
and I certainly have no wish to interpose any
objection to this.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very anxious to pre-
serve that rule, but I merely suggest that this
arises out of the anomalous nature of the proceed-
ing which authorizes the payment out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. I acquiesce.
The PRES1DING OFFICER, (Mr. Beiart in
the chair.) The Chair is under the impression that
the expenditure arose under a resolution of the
Senate. The question is on the adoption of the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next item is:
For paying the expenscsrand fees of witnesses summoned
in &aid investigation by the United States, at the instance
of Alexander Ramsay, $350.
That is also one of the items of expenses at-
tendant on this investigation. It is for the ex-
penses of witnesses who were summoned by the
united States, at the instance of the respondent,
Governor Ramsay, in this investigation; and 1
suppose that the Government incurs precisely the
same obligation to pay them as it does to pay those
who were summoned in behalf of the United
i States.
I This investigation did not take the form of a
| suit or indictment, making the party a defendant,
| but the whole object was to ascertain the circum-
I stances in regard to the conduct of Governor Ram-
i say; and I presume it is as much the duty of the
f United States to pay the expenses of the persons
whom Governor Ramsay called for the purpose
of eliciting truth on his side, as to pay those who
were summoned directly by the persons employed
to investigate the transaction. The object of the
commissioners was to ascertain whether there was
