1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
western boundary of the proposed Territory of
Kansas should be the present boundary of Utah
Territory. And I think that this will appear in a
much stronger light when we come to consider
the nature of the existing boundary of Utah. Sir,
what is it? We find it established by law. We
find that it is the crest or summit of the Rocky
Mountains; u boundary, sir, which no man can
mistake; a boundary, sir, erected by the hand of
the Almighty, that all men can understand it. I
say, sir, that this is the natural boundary which
should be assigned to that Territory, and I think
that this House will be surprised to know that it
is not the boundary proposed by the bill now under
consideration.
Sir, the framers of this bill propose extending
the territory of Kansas not only from the State
of Missouri westward to the Rocky Mountains—
a distance, perhaps, of eight hundred miles—a
distance equal to the width of the great States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois—not only to take it
to the summit of the mountain—but to take it be-
yond, and run it down to the region of the great
Salt Lake, so as to include about one third of the
Territory of Utah. To that I am opposed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Indiana to make an explana-
tion, but I did not suppose that he was going to
make a speech. I wish to indicate the line of
policy which the committee has pursued m iefer-
ence to this bill.
Mr ENGLISH. 1 am not proposing, sir, to
enter into any extended remarks, but I have some
objections to this bill, and I desire to point them
out now. 1 voted in committee against the bill, in
its present shape, and 1 think it due to myself,
with the permission of the House, to state here,
for the information of my constituents, some of
the objections which I have to it. I will say, too,
for the information of the gentlemen, that my ob-
jections to the bill are not of such a vital character
but I may ultimately vote for it, even in its present
shape.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then, Mr. Speaker, I
propose that the gentleman take the floor after me,
and not take his time out of mine. I certainly
would not be discourteous to him under any cir-
cumstances 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois insists upon his right to the floor, the Chair
rules that he is entitled to it.
Mr. ENGLISH. This is about all thatl have to
say on the subject of boundary. I think that gen-
tlemen will be satisfied when they have examined \
the map that the plan proposed of incorporating
the territory west of the Rocky Mountains and 1
east of the Rocky Mountains in the same Terri- 1
tory is injudicious. There is no community of
interest between the people on each side, and but
little intercourse, nor can there be. They have
but little intercourse with each other, and ought
not to be placed m the same territory. have no
particular love for the Mormons, noi for their pe-
culiar institutions; and I know that there is much
prejudice existing against that people, and perhaps
justly so, in parts of Illinois and Missouri. Yet
1 am not willing to carry these prejudices to the
extent of extending the boundary of this new Ter-
ritory, already too large, so as to include a large
portion of Utah. This is all I have to say on that
subject at present.
I pass now to another subject, on which I pur-
pose briefly to speak.
Sir, there is another question involved in this bill,
a question of immense magnitude, and great deli-
cacy, and one which I know it behooves gentlemen
who reside in certain quarters to speak of with a
greatdegree of caution; but I.forotre, am notafraid
to face the music, and I am willing to give, as far
as I am able, a reason for the faith that is m me.
I, of course, allude to that most exciting of all sub-
jects—African slavery. Sir, I am a native of a
free State, and have no love for the institution of
slavery. I regard it as an injury to the State
where it exists, and if it were proposed to intro-
duce it where I reside would resist it to the last
extremity.
But, sir, I never can forget that we are a con-
federacy of States possessing equal rights, un-
der our glorious Constitution. Hiat if the peo-
• pie of Kentucky believe the institution of slavery
would be conducive to their happiness, they have
the same right to establish and maintain it that we
of Indiana'have to reject it; and this doctrine is
just as applicable to States hereafter to be admitted
as to those already in the Union. I approve, then,
of that part of the bill which provides that these
Territories, when they come to be admitted as
States, shall be admitted with or without slavery,
as their Constitutions may prescribe. But, sir, I
go a step further—further, sir, than the bill under
consideration, unless it be by implication—I am
willing to trust the people.with the power of regu-
lating their domestic institutions in their own way,
through their regularly constituted Territorial Le-
gislature. I hold that if the people are of sufficient
numbers and importance to merit a territorial
government at all, they are capable of governing
themselves in all things. I would refer the ques-
tion of slavery, and all other questions, to that
best and safest of all tribunals—the people to be
governed. They are the best judges of the soil
and climate, and wants of the country they in-
habit; they are the true judges of what will best
suit their own condition, and promote their welfare
and happiness
I am opposed to admitting slavery into these
Territories, and placing it out of the reach of the
people until the formation of a State government.
And it is, in part, because the bill is not explicit
on this head, that I dislike it. I want to see the
power expressly given to the people from the be-
ginning to regulate their domestic institutions in
such manner as they think proper, not inconsist-
ent with the Constitution of the United States.
For these reasons I shall propose an amendment
in lieu of the following words, which I shall move
to strike out of the bill:
" Except the eighth seeiion of the act preparatory to the
admi'moii of Mhsouii into tile Union, approved March 0,
18'2(1, whieh was superseded by the principles of the legis-
lation ot 1850, commonly called the compromise measures,
and is hereby deelaied inoperative."
Now I am opposed to making war upon a life-
less body, or mutilating the slain. If the act of
1820 was superseded by the act of 1850, why re-
peal the former? Or, when repealed by express
words, why go on to recite that the act repealed
has already'been superseded by another act; and
still further, to declare that act inoperative which
has already been superseded and expressly re-
pealed ! 1 neither propose to legislate slavery into
these Territories or to legislate it out; but I do pro-
pose to give the people of tlieTeiritories the right
to pass such laws as they may think proper, not
inconsistent with the Constitution of the United
States; and I expressly propose to repeal all acts
of Congress (if any there be) conflicting with that
right. This, I conceive, is the only principle upon
which a permanent and final settlement of this un-
fortunate question can ever be made.
The sftbstance of the amendment which I pro-
pose in reference to the slavery question, is to giva.
to the people of the Territory, through the regu-
larly constituted legislative authority, the right to
pass such laws in relation to the institution of sla-
veiy, not inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States, as they may deem most conducive
to their happiness and welfare. And I propose
to repeal so much of any existing act of Congress
as may conflict with the right of the people to reg-
ulate their domestic institutions m their own way.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I shall not present these
amendments with an over degree of confidence.
They seem to me to be right, but if they are not,
I shall not persist in them. I am open to convic-
tion. If they are adopted, or if satisfied they
ought not to be, I shall probably vote for the
bill. Mv inclinations at the present time are that
way, and I may vote for it, even in its present
shape. The question was not agitated in the can-
vass which resulted in my return to Congress, and
I have, up to this time, heard no expression of
sentiment upon the subject from any of my con-
stituents. 1 should of course carry out the wish
of the people I lepresent, should their will be
made manifest. I have not examined the treaties
existing between the United States and thelndian
tribes inhabiting ill part the country proposed to
be organized into Territories, and do not know but
some°of the provisions of this bill would violate
the compact we have made with them. I am
told, however, that it does not conflict with these
treaties; and this being the case, I consider speedy
and definite action upon this measure as least likely
to promote agitation and bad feeling, and best for
l| the quiet of the country. For one, 1 am ready to
II act.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I proposed simply,
upon the introduction of this bill, to send it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to afford to every gentleman upon this
floor the ample opportunity to investigate it for
themselves, unaccompanied with any debate or
remarks from myself. Gentlemen will there have
the opportunity to present their amendments.
The legitimate and proper course of legislation
is to send it to the Committee of the Whole, where
members will have the opportunity to investigate
and examine it in all its parts and details; to pro-
pose to it such amendments as they want, in order
to perfect the bill, and then to vote as they think
their duty to themselves and their country may
require.
1 must be permitted, however—and it is my
duty—to reply to so much of the objections of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. English] as have
been stated upon this floor. I would prefer not
at this time to be hurried into this debate upon
the boundaries contained in the bill. There are
reasons so manifest and so potent in favor of the
boundaries which the committee have determined
upon, that no man here can resist them when stated.
The gentleman from Indiana says that the great
natural boundary must beobserved,and thatthex-e
should be nothing interposed to prevent it. I do
not agree with him. Governments ought to be
formed to accommodate to some extent the peo-
ple who reside in them. One reason why this
boundary is extended to another Territory placed
inside of it is this, that every man residing m that
portion of the territory taken from the Territory of
Utah, comes here, and asks this Government to
take them from under the power under which they
are now placed. Bridger, who has lived here
thirty years, emigrated to that Territory in 1823,
established trading posts in the mountains, built
up in the waste and howling wilderness a home
for himself and family, was finally driven from
the possession of that property by the hands of
the power of that Government, and is now here in
this city. For one, I desire to yield to the appli-
cation made by this man, and those placed in sim-
ilar circumstances, when they ask to be placed
under a different government.
There is another reason which I have for making
the boundary as reported in this bill. I intend
only to reply to so much of the argument of the
gentleman as interposed objections to the bill, for
I do not choose that they should go to the country
unanswered.
The gentleman has stated that there is in the
States of Missouri and Illinois some prejudice
against the Mormons. I do not doubt that this state-
ment is true, and that this prejudice exists in the
community in which he lives. If such prejudice
does not exist, it ought to exist, I am sure. The
lawless hand that characterizes these people ought
not to be encouraged and promoted by this Govern-
ment, and, for one, I am not for doing so. It is a
sufficient reason, I have no doubt, when I have
stated to the House the reasons which have in-
fluenced the committee ofthe two Houses to change
] this territorial boundary; and it is a sufficient re-
ply to all that has been said about it.
There is another very good reply to the gentle-
man. Hesays that there is no sympathy between
the people of the different parts of the Territory.
One grand object for establishing territorial gov-
ernment there now is to cover that line of travel
which is pursuing its way to the Pacific ocean,
affording protection to the interests that lie along
that road of travel. It strikes me that the inter-
ests of the emigrants, as they go towards the
Pacific ocean, are identical with those of the Ter-
ritories through which they must pass; and theie
cannot be any antagonism between them, I think.
There may be antagonism between rival routes,
but between settlementslyingalong the same route
of travel there must be sympathy and the same
'"'fhe gentleman is mistaken aboutanother thing.
The o-entleman is very much mistaken when he
thinks that we have established an ideal bound-
ary—that we have passed over the natural bound-
ary and established a mere ideal one. The
boundary proposed in this bill is as good a one
as can be fixed, and I repeat that the gentleman is
mistaken in supposing it an idea! one..
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
allow me for one moment?
Mr. Richardson yielded the floor.
