296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
Mr. DAVIS. This is to be a very exciting
question. It is a very important bill. We shall
all of us desire to participate in the discussion, and
if we are to go into that discussion now, I call for
the reading; of the bill.
Mr. DEAN". This is the same bill which has
been introduced into the Senate, and has been
printed. Gentlemen can read it for themselves. I
hope we shall not take up the time of the House
by hearing it read,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have been hurried into
this debate. I should have preferred to have it
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, without debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has the right to have the bill read, if he insists upon
his demand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Has the gentleman a
right to have the bill read as a part of my speech ?
The SPEAKER. Not as a part of the gentle-
man's speech; but he has the right to have it read
before it can come up before the House for its
consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon the reading of the report.
What I desiie is, that the bill may go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed, where an opportunity for full dis-
cussion may be had.
Mr. DAVIS. IfJLhe debate is to be stopped, I
will withdraw the demand for the reading of the
bill. My only object was to have the subject fairly
before the Mouse, if the debate was to so on.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 ask the gentleman to allow
me to make a single remark. I know it was the
intention of thegentlenian from Illinois, as it was
of the Committee on Territories, that a bill of this
importance should not be brought up thus hastily
in the House for discussion. I know it was his
intention to carry out. the wish of the committee,
and have it referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, and printed, without
discussion, and laid upon the desks of members,
that when it came to be taken up for considera-
tion, it could be done with the deliberation which
a bill of its importance demands.
I know my friend fiom Illinois has been hurried
from this rule of propriety laid down by the com-
mittee, by the remarks of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. English.] He is pursuing a course
which he did not intend originally to pursue. I
now ask him, that notwithstanding what may have
been said by the gentleman from Indiana, he will
adhere to the course originally laid down by the
committee, and desist from any further reply to
remarks already made.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
to yield the floor for me to offer un amendment,
which I will send up to the Chair, that it may be
printed, and go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union with the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If I should start upon
that road 1 do not know where I should stop. I
must decline to yield the floor.
I move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and in order
that I may avoid all difficulty, and nut be again
drawn into any debate upon the subject until it
shall come up in committee, I move the previous
question.
[Cries of((No ! no !" ((That's right!"and con-
siderablp excitement,]
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow me to offer a substitute to the bill, that it
may go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with the bill itself.
[Cries of 4t Don't yield '."and confusion.]
Mr. CL1NGMAN. The gentleman can offer
his substitute in committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I sh6uld be glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman; but if* I withdraw the
previous question for one, I must do it for others,
and the thing will never stop. I cannot withdraw
the demand. If I have the majority of the House
with me, let the bill take the direction I have indi-
cated, and let us have no more discussion upon the
subject for the present.
* Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Illinois, I wish to
make one suggestion. I think that justice and
fairness w\U require it at his hands that he
should—~
Mr. BISSELL. I object to all this, unless it is
strictly in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. Debate cannot be allowed,
unless by the umimmous consent of the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. When I had the door 
(Cries of ''Order I" "Oi der!" all over the Hall.]
* Mr. ENGLISH. Just one word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to a* point of order.
The previous question has been moved, and I
think it is the universal sense of the House that
fche bill should take the course indicated by the
gentleman from Illinois. It is certainly the only
pr6per course 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Kentucky that discussion is not
in order.
Mr. PRESTON. Well, sir, I make the point
of oider, that tfie previous question having been
called,no motion can be made in Older to amend,
and 1 hope the Chair will enforce the rule.
Mr. ENGLISH. I had the floor a few mo-
ments tince, and indicated my intention to offer an
amendment to the bill, now in the hands of the
Clerk. Now, I want to know what becomes of
that amendment?
Mr. DISNEY. It was not in order to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. English] will recollect that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] yielded the floor
to him for explanation only, and not to offer an
amend ment.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will at least allow the amendment to be
read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If I was sure that gen-
tlemen would only offer amendments, and not.
engage in debate, 1 would withdraw the pievious
question.
[Loud cries of " No, no!" " Order!" and great
confusion.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should like to accom-
modate them m any way 
[Ciies of " No, no !" arid " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. All discussion is out of
order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair. My impression is that my colleague,
who desires to offer a substitute, and other gen-
tlemen who have amendments to offer, can do so
when we come to discuss the subject in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
ask the Chair if that is not the case? If 1 thought
it was not, I should be unwilling to deprive them
of the opportunity of doing.so now. ,
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen upon all sides of
"the House know that the bill will be open to
amendment in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If the House should refuse
to sustain the previous question, arid then vote
down the reference of the bill, will not these gen-
tlemen be able to offer their amendments, and have
them referred and printed ?
Mr. MACE. There can be no question of
that.
Mr. JONES. I want to see the thing done
fairly 
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire whether my colleague, [Mr. Eng-
lish,] as the minority of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, has not a right to make his report to the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It has always been the prac-
tice of the House, so far as the Chair recollects,
to indulge such a proceeding; but there is no rule
authorizing it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The House never de-
nies the minority of a committee the privilege of
reporting.
The SPEAKER. That has been the universal
practice.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will assume the re-
sponsibility of lettinggentlemen offer their amend-
ments, and have them printed. But I hope that
when I withdraw the demand for the previous
question gentlemen will not bring the debate on
now. If it can be understood that they shall only
offer their amendments, and have them printed, I
will withdraw the demand.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: that pending a motion
to commit a matter, it is not in order to offer an
amendment; and that, even if an amendment is
pending, the motion to commit cuts it off.
The"SPEAKER. Certainly it does. But the
Chair supposed that the gentleman from Illinois
intended to withdraw the motion to commit also.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If I can retain the floor
and enable gentlemen only to present or give no-
tice of their amendments, I am willing to with-
draw it,.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent. The question pending is on the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, ana order it to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I am not mis-
taken, the gentleman from Illinois can withdraw
the motion to refer the bill. He is upon the floor.
He can yield it for any gentleman to give notice
that he will, in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, propose a particular amend-
ment to this bill, and ask that it be printed. He
can then yield it to any other gentleman to give a
like notice, and make a like request, and so on
until all are gratified. He can then move to refer
his bill, with all of these notices, and to order their
printing. Everything will be then before us.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the call for
the previous question and the motion to refer the
bill.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I seek the floor on
my own account.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] is on the floor on his proposi-
tion to commit the bill. Does the gentleman yield
the floor to the gentleman from South Carolina?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ORR. Do I undeistand that the gentleman
from Illinois proposes to retain the floor?
Mr. RtCHAPvDSON. I will state frankly to
the gentleman from South Carolina that I do.
Gentlemen want their amendments printed.
In consequence of confusion in the Hall business
was suspended for a few moments, and until order
was restored.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois to yield me the floor for a minute.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield to thegentleman.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to give notice, that
I propose, at the proper time, to amend the bill,
as indicated in the paper which I send to the
Clerk's desk.to be read.
[Cries of " Read it!" " Don't read it!" " Let
it be printed," &c.]
The SPEAKER. The course indicated by the
gentlemen from Illinois and Indiana, and other
States, can only be pursued by the courtesy—the
consent of the body. The gentleman from Indi-
ana cannot denjand the reading of his proposition.
There is^o rule under which „he can do so. The
Chair would like to see each gentleman accommo-
dated, but he must enforce the rules.
Mr. ENGLISH. All I can say is, that, as a
member of the Committee on Territories, as a mi-
nority of that committee,! desire to get the matter
I have indicated before the House.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Indiana be printed ?
Mr. Letcher, and several other members, ob-
jected.
Mr. DEAN. I desire to give notice that I
shall move to amend the fourteenth section of the
bill, by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in 'this bill contained shnll be
construed to legalize or establish slavery, or involuntary
servitude, within the said Territories or either of them.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] has withdrawn his point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard
the point of order withdrawn. The Chair cannot
allow business to proceed until order be restored.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] will state
his point of order.
Mr. DISNEY. The point of order is this: a
motion to commit, as I understand parliamentary
law •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er 
The "SPEAKER. The gentleman from OlTio
[Mr. Disney] is stating to the Chair his point of
order; he has the floor.
