1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know who has
the floor, or what is going on, there is such noise
and confusion m the Hall.
Mr. DISNEY. My point of order, Mr. Speak-
er, is this, that by the parliamentary law a motion
to commit is a privileged question, only to be over-
ridden by a motion to lay upon the table, or a call
for the previous question. Neither of the&e priv-
ileged motions m the present case is in order,
nor any suggestion pending the question to com-
mit. J renew my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair states to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Dean,] and to the
House, that his notice of his intemion to amend
the bill cannot be entered on record at all, unless
by the unanimous consent of the House. No
amendment is in order, and no notice of an inten-
tion to amend is in order, unless by unanimous
cot sent. The question pending before this body
is, shall the bill be committed?
Mr. EDGERTON. I would appeal to the gen*
fleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to permit
me to offer a bill as a substitute for the bill reported
by the committee, and that that substitute may
go to the committee.
Now, sir, if by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Illinois I am permitted to offer a substitute
for the bill I will do so now, and if not I would
like hereby to give notice of my intention to offer
it. And that substitute is the bill organizing the
territory of Nebraska, which passed the House
last session, with some modifications.
Mr. RiCHARDSON. I would like to accom-
modate all these gentlemen. They are on my
good nature, and on your's, Mr. Speaker, I fear,
and on everybody else's. The gentlemen have
got the advantage now of presenting their amend-
ments, and of giving notice of them. They are
on the record,and in the newspapers. They have
accomplished a good deal. I move to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it be printed; and on that
I move the previous question.
Mr. HENN. I would wish to have double the
usual number of copies printed.
The SPEAKER. Extra numbers cannot be
printed, unless by the unanimous consent of the
House.
The question recurring upon the demand for
the previous question, it was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The main question being Shall the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and printed?'' it was put, and
agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that reports were
still in order from the Committee on Territories.
MINORITY REPORT ON THE NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. ENGLISH. As a member of the minority
of the Committee on Territories, I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a minorit^eport.
The SPEAKER.. If not objected to, the re-
port will be received.
Mr. BRIDGES, I object.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. English,] being a member of the Committee
on Territories, asks the privilege of making a
minority report from that committee. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bridges] rises
in his place, and objects to the introduction of that
report. There is no rule, that the Chair is aware
of, which gives to the gentleman from Indiana the
right to make the report. The Chair states, how-
ever, that it is a privilege which he has never
known denied to a minority. That is the prac-
tice. T .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it not within
the province of the House, when a gentleman
requests to make a minority report, and it is ob-
jected to, to decide whether he shall do so or not ?
The majority can decide whether he shall have
the privilege—for it is a privilege—or not. Having
asked the privilege, his request is now before the
House, and it must determine the matter, and not
the objection. „ ,
The SPEAKER. If you go to the law of the
House it will be difficult to find any rule which
authorizes such a proceeding. It is a mere mat-
ter of practice, and being such, the Chair will
propound a question to the House, "shall there-
port be made?" % .
Mr. BRIDGES. I withdraw my objection.
The question was then taken on allowing the
minority report to be made, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. ENGLISH. I now make, from the mi-
nority of the committee, the report which I have
referred to.
It was read, as follows:
Amend the section defining the boundary of Kanzas so
as to make tin? ea>trru boundaiy of Utah, viz: l<th« sum
mit of the Rocky Mountains3' the we&tern boundary of
Kanzas.
Strike out of the 14th and 34th sections these words:
" Except the eighth section of the act preparatory to the
adinijjMon of Missouri into the Union, approved March
sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty, which was superseded
by the principles of the legislation ot eighteen hundred and
firty, commonly called the compromise measures, and is
hereby declared inoperative."
And insert the tolkwmg:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to prevent the people of said Territory, ih rough the prop-
erly constituted legislative authority, trorn passing such
laws in relation to the institution of slavery, not inconsistent
with the Constitution of the l/iihed States, as they may
deem be^t adapted to then locality, and most conducive to
their liappuies-s and welfare; and >o much of any existing
act ol Congress as may conflict with the above right of the
people to regulate their domestic institutions m their own
way, he and the same is hereby repealed.
Mr. FARLEY. 1 wish to state to the House,
as one of the Committee on Territories, that I do
not concur in the reports which have been made.
Mr. ENGLISH. { move to refer the minority
report to the same committee to which the bill was
referred, and that it be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. To avoid confusion
upon the subject, I desire, as a member of the
Committee on Territories, to make a single re-
mark. i wish merely to state, that there was no
formal mmoiity report. Thecommitteestood—five
in favor of reporting the biil, and three against it.
1 objected to the biil in us present shape; and
was not satisfied that any bill should be reported
at the present time, if any biil was to be reported,
I was rather in favor ot the biil passed by this
House, at the last session, with some modifica-
tions suggested by my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Miller,] who introduced a bill at thepresent ses-
sion. I objected to the report of any bill, at the
present time, and did not agree to either a majority
or a minority report. No report was prepared
by the majority of the committee, other than the
bill now before the House; and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. English,] one of the minority of
three, I suppose merely desired to present what
he may olfer as an amendment at the proper time.
We shall ail have the same privilege.
The question was then taken on referring the
report or amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. English] to the Committee
of the Whole on the state ot the Union, and or-
dering it to be printed; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
■REPORTS CONTINUED.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call upon
committees for reports
Mr. M1DDLESWARTH, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse re-
port in the case of Susannah Spear; which was
ordered to lie upon the table, and be punted.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH also, from the same
committee, made an adverse report in the case of
Elmira White, widow of Captain Thomas R.
White, for back pay; which was ordered to he
upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases; which were sevetally ordered to
he upon the table, and be printed;
In the case of Ira Whittaker, asking for interest
on the compensation allowed his father Ephraim
Whittaker, a revolutionary soldier;
In the case of Joseph Wheaton and heirs, of ■!
the Rhode Island line, asking half pay, less the J
commutation, at its actual value of one eighth;
In the case of the widow Sarah Liscomb, of
New Hampshire, for an amendment of the pension
act of February 3. 1&53;
In the case of Enoch Perkins, heir of Lophow
Perkins, a revolutionary soldier, claiming a pen-
sion on account of the services Of Lophow Per-
kins in the war of the Revolution.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the same committee, re-
ported a hill for the relief of William Woodbury,
of Maine; directing the accounting officers of the
Treasury to adj ust the accounts of W illiam Wood-
bury, pension agent at Portland, Maine; which
was read the first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLER,of Indiana,from theCommittee
on Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse re-
port in the case of David Taylor, asking an exten-
sion of the lawsgrantms: pensions to revolutionary
soldiers; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported bills; which were
read the first and second time by their titles, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
oidered to be printed:
"A bill for the relief of Mary Deany, widow of
the late Lieutenant James A. Deany of the United
States Army;" and
"A bill for the relief of John S. King, of Vir-
ginia.^
Mr. STUART, from the same committee, made
adverse reports m the following cases; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed:
In the case of Charles W. Blakeman, asking
increase of pension;
In the case of Elijah L. Pomroy, asking for a
pension;
In the case of Washington Porter, a soldier of
the war of 1812, for an invalid pension.
On motion by Mr. DUNHAM, the Committee
on Roads and Canals were discharged from the
further consideration of petitions in the following
cases; which were referred as indicated below:
In the case of captains of vessels praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the channel
of Rondout Creek, in Ulster county, in the State
of New York. Referred to the Committee on?
Commerce.
In the case of A.Stone, John Farce, and twenty
others, citizens of the State of Indiana, asking an
appropriation of land to the States of Indiana,,
Illinois, and Iowa, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Fort Wayne to Council Bluff city-
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
In the case of officers of the Army praying for
an increase of commutation and rations. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
In the case of William Livingston and others,
citizens of the city of Lowell, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, praying that an appropriation of land
similar to that donated for the construction of the
Sault St. Marie Canal may be granted to aid in
the construction of a channel suitable for ship-
navigation between Lake Ontario and Lake Erie*.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
In the case of John M. Butterfield, Alfred
Churchill, and thirty-six others, citizens of Utica,
New York, praying for a grant of land for the
construction of the Niagara ship canal. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Proceedings of a public meeting held at Onton-
agon, in the State of Michigan, m favor of the
construction of a rqjlroad from Lake Winnebago,
in the State of Wisconsin, to Copper Harbor, on
Lake Vieux Desaret, in the State of Michigan.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RITCHIE, c?f Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, reported a bill;
which was read a first and second time by its tide,
as follows:
"A bill to cede to the State of Illinois that part
of the Cumberland road lying within said State,"
The SPEAKER. What direction does the gen-
tleman propose to a;ive the bill ?
Mr. RITCHIE. The committee have in-
structed me to report the bill with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass. It is precisely similar in its
character to bills which have been previously
passed with reference to other States. If' there
no objection, I will move to put the bill on its
passage. We might as well pass it now as at
any time. .
The biil was read in extenso by the Llerk.
It provides th- t that portion of the Cumberland
road lyino- within the State of Illinois, with ail the
timber and other property appertaining thereto,
shall be ceded to the said State.
It was then ordered to be engrosser and read a
third time; and having been engrossed, it was read
the third time, and passed,
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Thomas
McAnaspie for a grant of money and protection
