1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27.
the fact, it seems to me that the amendment is
legitimately within the provision of the first por-
tion of the rule. It is to carry out the provisions
of some existing law.
But, sir, suppose that that portion of the
rule does not meet the case; yet another branch
of the rulesays that it shall not be entertained, un-
less it is in pursuance of an estimate from the
head of one of the Departments. I presume that,
although the rule specifies that it must be esti-
mated by the head of one of the Departments, if
it is recommended by the President of the United
States, it will come within the spirit and within
the intent of the rule. Well, what were the pro-
ceedings when that report was made by the three
commissioners? General Jackson, in his mes-
sage to Congress in lb>36, used the following lan-
guage:
"On the unexpected breaking out of hostilities in Flor-
ida, Alabama, awl Georgia, it became necessary, in some
ca^es, to lake ihe properly of individuals for public use.
Provision should bo wade by law for indemnifying the
owners; and I would aho respectfully suggest whether
some provinon may not be made, consistently witli the
principles ol our Government, tor the relief of the sufterers
by Indian depredations, or by the operations of our own
troops."
It seems to me that this, being in pursuance of
an established law, and under the recommend-
ation of the President of the United States, is
clearly and emphatically brought within the mean-
ing of the rule, and 1 think it is stiictly in order
under it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say upon
the point of order. The Senator from Virginia,
instead of offering an argument, brings in another
precedent, and says that the amendment to which :
I alluded as having been made on the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Finance, was put m
the bill by some mistake, probably of the com-
mittee, and is introduced here to supply an omis-
sion, because the balance of the claims were pro-
vided for last year except these two.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken. I
did not way that it was through any mistake of the
committee. It was the mistake of the commis-
sioner in giving: the list of the claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. But it was a mistake in the
point of order. I supposed that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance would not deliberately
violate the rules of the Senate, and therefore said
that it was a mistake in the point of older in pro-
posing the amendment. It seems that the last
Congress passed alaw underwhich the claims were
paid, with the exception of two, and the commit-
tee recommend the presentCongreas to paws these
two. I say, that fai from that being an argument
against me, it is another precedent.
Mr. HUNTER. It was passed against, the
opinion of the Committee on Finance. We re-
sisted if.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then it was the precedent of
the Senate, and this is the precedent of the com-
mittee; so that f have both. Both the Senate and
the Senator from Virginia, sustained me. The
Senator seems to get into a worse and worse diffi-
culty m his explanations; thet efore 1 say that I have
the vote of the Senate ut a previous session. Then
i have the action of his committee, at this time,
confirming the action of the Senate; so that in boih
events what he says is no answer to my argument.
The amendment which his committee has intro-
duced, piovides for the payment of the Indians
who sullt-ml depredations from hostiies during
the la&t war with Great Britain, there being no
law, no intereou«e act under which they could ask
foi the payment; for the intercourse act provided
only for the payment of the damages sustained by
depredations between the white men and the In-
diana. That amendment provides for the pay-
ment of friendly Indians for damages sustained by
attacks from hostiies, although there was no gen-
eral law m operation; so that, unless the Committee
on Finance have the exclusive right of violating
the rules of the Senate, their action is a precedent
for this amendment. It is a matter of some con-
cern with other committees whether that commit-
tee is to absorb the whole of the right of the Senate
in offering amendments.
Now, Mr. President, we have two decisions be-
fore us, one each way. What were the circum-
stances of the decision of the 3d of March, 1853?
The Presiding Officer decided the amendment to be
in older. Some gentlemen say that it was three i
o'clock m the morning. Certainly it was on the i
3d of March; hut what did the Senator from Ohio,
who now speaks of that decision of the Senate as
being worthy of great consideration, say at that
time. Let us hear him:
k'M>. President, it is very obvious that the Senate is
hardly in a condition to decide upon the merits of any ciaiin
at this time ot the evening."
That was an argument on the point of order.
The Senate was hardly in a condition to decide
upon it. I do not know what the condition was.
Various accounts are given of the condition of the
Senate under different circumstances; but there
was something in the condition of the Senate
which the honorable Senator from Ohio thought
disqualified them from deciding upon the merits of
the claim; and that was the class of argument
used against it. Hecontinued:
" I think, if the Senator fioni Texa* would yield, as the
Senator from Wisconsin has yielded, upon a claim as rner-
ltouous as this in any aspect of it, to an appeal lo withdraw
ir, and present it m a snurle bill, where it would receive the
lair consideration of the Senate, I should be very glad."
He first appealed to have it withdrawn. The
Senator from Texas said that he, having offered
it under an order of the committee, could not
withdraw it. The question was taken—the Chair
decided that it was m order—and by a vote of 19
to 2*2, the Senator from Virginia says, it was
ruled otherwise, having been determined at a pre-
vious time to be in oider; so that we have a
decision both ways; and then we have the decision
of yesterday, the action of the Committee on
Finance, and the action of the Senate upon a case
which is not so strong as this.
But there is one great and guiding rule. It is
insisted by the Committee on Indian Affairs unan-
imously, that this amendment comes within the
provisions of the act ot 1834. If U does, the first
duty of every committee of this body, which the
Senate has no right to make out of order, is to
provide an appropriation of money for all the pur-
poses demanded by the laws. The Finance Com-
mittee must take up the laws, and see what
appropriations are necessary. The time for which
some appropriations run are limited by the Con-
stitution m some respects; and if all are not lim-
ited, they ought to be. Our first duty is to inquire
what sums of money are necessary to carry on the
Government under existing laws. That is your
duty by the rule. It is the great and paramount
duty. It is the special duty of the Committee on
Finance. Heie is the old policy of the Govern-
ment; here is the statute-book full of intercourse
laws, from 1790 to this hour, providing that if the
whites commit depredations upon the Indians,
the Government shall pay the Indians; and that
if the Indians commit depredations upon the
whites, and the whites cannot get indemnity out
of the Indians, the Government shall pay them.
It stands pledged to indemnify the injured parties.
In this case the President asked for authority to
send a commission to audit these claims, as the
Senator fiom Tennessee pioperly states. He ap-
pointed a commission to go to the country, which
scaled them down to the lowestpoint. The proper
time, though, to enter into this will be when we
get to the merits of the case, and then, after a state-
ment of them, it will be for the Senate to agree to
or reject the claims; but upon the question of
order, I say that the amendment is to carry out
two or three existing laws of the land; and, as I
again repeat, the Senator from Vhginia has failed
to answer what I said.
The Indian appropriation bills from 1790 until
now have always provided for carrying: out the
act of 1834, or those acts of a similar character—
cognate acts—which existed on the statute-book
before that time. How are you to pay for these
depredations? Look all along the frontier—Ore-
gon, California, west of the Mississippi. There
is no adequate fund, if there is an outbreak with
the Indians and settlers. They have to go and
redress themselves as a body, the doing of which
in Georgia before these intercourse acts passed
led to continual war and constant hostilities. The
Government thought it was a wise policy to tell
them, if you do not go and redress your own
wrongs, we have a law upon our statute-book
under which, if the Indians do not pay you in
twelvemonths, you can come here and be indem-
nified. The moment the information was given
to the President of the United States, and the fact
was established in regard to the depredations, this
class of claims, coming under a general law, was
distinguishable from the ordinary private claims;
and they come under annual appropriations as
much as any single law connected with the In-
dian department. In this bill, among"othc-r items,
there are the following appiopriations:
" For payment of balance due for transportation of pte=?-
ents, goods, and piovi«iorw to the Cainanche-s, Kiow&ys,
and other Indians on the Arkansas river, §-1,200."
Thjs is due. To whom? To the people who
earned them. You made an appropriation for
carrying the supplies; the appropriation was not
sufficient, and now you come here to pay steam-
boat agents, or other agents, who transported the
Again:
" To pay for certain goods borrowed bv late agent. J. S.
Watrous, to fulfill tieaty stipulations with the Chippewas,
to be replaced out of annuity goods, but which, with ihe
figeney building, were consumed by lire m May, ltf.">3,
$4,136 03. 
He borrowed goods, and they were burnt up.
Is not that a private claim ? The amount is going
to an individual for a private loss; but the loss
having been incurred in public business, he ought
to be paid for it. So that we can scarcely select
from the whole appropriation bill a single item
that stands as firmly on existing laws as the amend-
ment which I have now offered under the direaion
of the Committee on Indian A flairs. Our commit-
tees could not work if the rule was enfoiced as
contended for by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance. Every member of a committee who
goes to the committee rooms examines the laws.
He sees there what the Indian department does,
and what the other Departments do; and the com-
mittees are bound to report to the Senate whatever
appropriations they think should be made; and
they are derelict to their duty if they permit one
dollar, which is necessary to carry out existing
laws, not to be appropriated for the purpose.
Mr, WALKER. I find that, when the decis-
ion was made by the Chair, at the last session of
Congress, upon an appeal from that decision, I
voted to overrule the decision. The decision was,
that the proposition was in order. At that time
I had never been upon the Committee on Indian
Allkirs, ami had no opportunity to investigate the
claim. I am now satisfied that I voted wrong,
and, upon reflection, I have come to the conclusion
that, if a vote shall be again taken, I shall reverse
my position. I do not believe it is a private
claim. There were spoliations committed in
these two States by the Indians in 1836and 1837.
Why was not indemnity made for those spolia-
tions under the general law? It was by reason
of a mere technicality. They were not techni-
cally committed upon and within Indian territory.
If they had been there, so far from being consid-
ered a private interest, the general laws of the
country would have already taken cognizance of
them, and there would have been indemnity given,
under the general intercourse laws of the United
States; but when the application was made for in-
demnity for the spoliations, this technicality pre-
vented their payment.
Now,ceitam steps had to be taken. They were
taken. A commission was appointed to investi-
gate the claims, ascertain their amount, and to
whom due. The commissioners went to that sec-
tion of the country. They examined into the
matter of the claims. They made a full and elab-
orate report; but still the same difficulty occurred.
In its effect and operation the proposition now is
simply to do away with that technicality. If that
technicality did not exist, the parties would apply
to the proper Department and get their money
now. That being the effect and operation of the
amendment, I cannot see, for my life, how it can
be viewed in the nature of a private claim; and I
am only surpnsed that I did vote to consider it so
before. It certainly resulted from my lack of in-
formation in refeienceto the matter. Hence, view-
ing it in the light that 1 now do, that it is in the
nature of a general law, to obviate a mere techni-
cality, which prevents a portion of our citizens
from obtaining their proper indemnity, I shall re-
verse my vote, and vote that this is not a private
claim, excluded by the rule.
Mr. COOPER. It does seem to me that the
amendment falls within the spirit of the rule, and
is not excluded by it. I do not think it was the
intention of the rule to exclude claims of the char-
acter of the one provided for by the amendment.
The object of the rule was to keep out of the
Senate, during the pendency of the appropriation
