1854,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
Mr. HOUSTON. Hay the morning hour ex-
pire,! ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired; but the main question has been ordered,
and it must Le put.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 108, nays 70; as follows:
YfJAS—Meseis. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe, Barks-
date, Harry, Belcher, Hissell, tfocock, Boyce, bridges, Car-
p^ntei, Cas-kie, Chandler, Chastam, Clark, Clingman, Cox,
Cratge, Cuius, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dent, Dick,
Disney, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Edmands, Edmundson,
Elliott, English, JStheridge, Ewing, Farley, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hastings, Henn, llibbard, Hiester, Houston, Howe,
Daniel T. Jones, G^-rgeW. Jones, Roland Jones. Kittrcdge,
Kim/,, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch,
Maedonald, IVIcDougall, Mc\fnlhn, McIVair, McQueen,
Mace, Wacy, Maurice, Maxwell, Mayall, Middleswarth,
Smith Mnler, Million, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck
ham, Pennington, liishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps,
I'owdi, Pratt. Ric-hatdson, David Ititchie, Robbing. Ruffin,
Russell, Sabin. Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Snu- |
mon<, SKelton, Geoige \V. Smylh, Snodgias&, Fiederick
P. Stanton, IJcstor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, John J. |
Taylor, Thuif-ton, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Warren, Tappan '
Wentwoith, Westbrook, arid Wittd—108. i
NAYS—Me^sis. Abercrombie, Willie Allen, Ball, TCusg, :
Campbell, Chamberlain, Cobb, Cook, Oorwm, Crockui, '
Cullom, Cutting. Dickinson, Dunham, Eastman, Edseiton, I
Ellison, centon, Franklin, Giddings?, Green, Greenwood, j
Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harm,
Harusson, Haven, I-Iondneks, Hill, Hiurhvs, Johnson,Keir, 1
Knox, Limlsley, Maue^on, John G. Miller, Morgan, Mur- ,
ray, Nicliol?., Noble, TVoi ton, Ohl>, Paikcr, Prot-ton, Prmgle, i
Purjvar. IU>ady, Reese, Thomas Eitchey, Sage, Sapp, j
Seward,' Genu Smith, William 11. Smith, Andrew Stuart, |
John L. Taylor, Tracy, Tweed, Cpham, Wade, Wal- I
bfidi't', Walker, Ellihu P Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, I
Wells, Wheeler, and Vates—'70. |
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
ie Commiti
lion. /
L.
DEFICIENCY BILL
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided m the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Stanton, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill to supply the defi-
ciencies m the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1854. De-
bate having been closed upon the bill, amendments
are now m order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the rules governing
the committee, 1 have a right to close the debate,
by occupying the floor for an houi; but I am very
anxious to get this bill through. It is important
that a portion of this money, at least, for some of
the Departments, should be put into a condition
where it can be used at an early day; and 1 there-
fore waive my right to address the committee,
and suggest that the first reading of the bill be
dispensed with, and that it be read through by sec-
tions.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
that course will be pursued.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
sections.
2vJ i\ HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment—to strike out lines 33 and 34, which
read as follows:
"For outfit of a Commissioner to reelde m China,
$9,000.''
The appropriation is not necessary to be made.
The question was taken upen the amendment,
and it was agreed to. j
The folio wi is: clause wan then read: ,
" Foi iho u^'iai U'tmn allowaui'O for Mmist?!1! ot lh<*
United Htati.ti to Gieat Pmtain, France. P.u--:a, l>ru->i:i, ,
Spain, Brar.ii. Mexico. iYin, and Chili. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer an amendment—to strike out the '
word "Peru, ' and also to stnke out " £>20,250,
and insert, in lieu thereof " £18,000." ;
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to. J
The following clause was then read: !
" F<>r thn u-nal return allowance of charm- d'affaires, as
Muiir-un re-^idi-nit to poituga!, *\n.-tna, U-iiMaik, Sweden,
Holl.i.uL !5el iuin. Napie<, ^arjnri.i. tho Papal StPte^, .\f\v i
Gi.in-i'l.i, Yerezaoia. Bueno-. Avi'"*, Bolivia, Guatemala,
Ecind"5, an.3 \TicarujruJ, >$18,000."
Air. HOUSTON. 1 am instructed by the same
committee to offer an amendment—to strike out the :
word " as" in the first line of the clause, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word "or;" also to strike
out the words " the Papal States,99 and the word
" Guatemala;" also to strike out " $18,000," and
insert in lieu thereof " $15,750."
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For outfits of charges d'affaires, $-3,439 02."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the same
committee to propose an amendment—to insert at
the end of the clause the words: " For an outfit
of the charge d'affaires to Austria, $4,500."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
When the following paragraph was read:
" For the employment of workmen, materials, and other
necessary expenses to put tin; branch Mint at San Francisco,
California, in operation, $40,000"—
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Ways
and Means, moved to amend by adding the fol-
lowing:
T<i purchase a site for the custom-house at i'rovjdenee,
Rhode island, $>24,000. Provided, That the entire co-it of
s-aid building shall not, m any event, exceed the sum of
§74,000.
To complete the public bull dings in New M exico, $50,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriations made for
a custom-house at Providence, Rhode Island, were
$40,000; and for the purchase of a sue, the Depart-
ment being satisfied that a proper site would cost
that amount, also asked for $24,000, in addition to
§16,000 already appropriated. The object of this
•appropriation is to enable the Department to pur-
chase a site that they have selected, and that the
amount originally intended for the erection of the
building shall still be appropriated to that purpose.
i desire to say to the committee that, in this
case, as has been very unusual, the Department,
being restricted by a proviso in the precise lan-
guage of the one which has just been read, has
not attempted to move in the matter, in violation
of law; but finding that a sife could not be pur-
chased and a building erected with the appropria-
tion, has reported the fact to Congress. That
being an important point, the committee thought
the appropriation ought to be made.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For continuing and completing, in a fiie-pioof manner,
the woik^ upon the cu^tom-hou^e, po<t-o1fiee, &c., at
Wilmington, Detavvaie, the sum of $12,000.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, I regret ex-
ceedingly the necessity for offering this amend-
ment. i regret that the prominent gentleman upon
the Committee on Ways and Means, whose
knowledge of political economy seems confined to
the too prevalent idea that a dollar detained m the
public treasury is a dollar saved to the country,
did not, at the request of the Secretary of the
Treasury, save me this trouble. But, sir, this
committee, for reasons best known to themselves,
have refused to comply with the recommendations
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and by so doing,
or rather refusing to do, have devolved upon me
that duty. I am well aware of the difficulty which
any member has to encounter when he differs with
so formidable a committee as that of the Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives; and
I am equally well aware of the little influence
which 1, or any individual member of this House,
can bring to bear personally m such a case; but if
the committee of this House will listen to me a
few minutes, I think they will he satisfied, not
only as to the justice but the propriety and econ-
omy of the appropriation contained in my amend-
ment.
With a view to do that, it will be necessary for
me to state to the committee, that when this ap-
propriation was tisked for in 1852, three commit-
tees—two of this House and one of the Senate—
unanimously recommended that ^25,000 should*
be appropriated for the construction of public
buildings in Wilmington, Delaware.
They made this appropr ition, because they
were aware of the fact that the General Govern-
ment was already paying an annual rent whv:h
exceeded the interest on the amount appropriated
for insecure buildings. Plans were drawn at the
instance of the Secretary of the Treasury. I as-
sured the Committee on Ways and Means at that
time that the building could be constructed for
*$25,000; and so it could, if it had been contracted
lor at that period; but every member of this com-
mittee knows that during the last two or three
years the price of labor and the price of materia!
have advanced at least 30 per cent, in this country.
Consequently, when the Secretary of the Treas-
ury received proposals, he found that the lowest
bid was $12,000 above the appropriation. Now,
what does the Secretary say r and I would ask the
committee to listen to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and they will not certainly ac-
cuse me of extravagance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Of all the ex-
traordinary speeches I have heard in this Hall
during the course of ten years' service, I think
that the five-minutes' speech just made by the
gentleman from Delaware is one of the most ex-
traordinary. Has he forgotten the circumstances
under which the original appropriation was made?
Mr. RIDDLE. I stated those circumstances
in my remarks.
Mr. JONES. It was at his request—at his
repeated and continuous appeals to the committee
to give him a custom-house appropriation for Wil-
mington, Delaware. He assured the Ways and
Means Committee that $25,000 would be amply
sufficient to purchase a site, and to erect the struc-
ture. I believe that he went so far as to say that
he was willing to enter into bond, with sufficient
security, upon his own personal responsibility,
that the work should be effected for that price.
When we did recommend the appropriation, we
added the proviso that the work should be com-
pleted for $25,000; and nothing that the gentleman
has said, nothing that the Secretary has said, has
yet convinced me, nor would it convince anybody
who had looked into the subject, that $25,000 was
not iynply sufficient for the structure of a building
adequate to the business of Wilmington, Dela-
ware.
Sir, if he had complaints to make he should
have made made them against the Secretary of the
Treasury—against that officer who, in violation of
law, has contracted for a structure which the ap-
propriation did not authorize him. If the price
of labor and material has advanced, and if the
Secretary was unable to make the contract for
$25,000, he, as a faithful public officer, should have
refused to have commenced the work, reported the
fact to Congress, and let them have supplied the
defect—let Congress give him an appropriation
sufficient to commence and complete the work, or
to change it as circumstances might require.
Sir, that is the way with regard to the construc-
tion of these custom-houses; not only there, but
in other parts of the country. Every appliance
which can be brought to bear is used to get an
appropriation to commence them; and when they
have commenced them—when they can get an ap-
propriation sufficient to buy the ground, and con-
tract for the laying of the foundation—for they
will expend all that is given to them, perhaps, in
buying the site and laying the foundation—then
they come back here and tell you that unless you
make them another appropriation all that you
have already made will be lost.
My belief is that a public officer should not act
without law; and when the appropriation made is
not sufficient, and there is a restriction on it, he
should make no contract, he should not expend a
dollar of the money, but report to Congress, and
let them increase the appropriation, if they think
right to do so 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RIDDLE. I wish to make an amendment
to my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Del-
aware cannot amend.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move an amendment to
the amendment offered by thegentleman from Del-
' aware, [Mr. Btpdle,] so that the additional ap-
propriation be $12, instead of $12,000.
Mr. Chairman, in respect to the remarks of the
gentleman froip Delaware, I wish simply to call the
attention of this committee to one fact, which ap-
pears on miscellaneous document No. 5, eighth
page. It is a statement showing the amount of
: revenue collected duriig the fiscal year ending June
I 30, 1853j at each of those ports where custom-
i houses are being constructed, and including this
! one at Wilmington, Delaware. The amount coi-
! lee ted'at Wilmington for the hujt year was <*899 10
i only.
