THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 1, 1854.
New Series....No. 64.
bills, the adjudication of private claims. We all
know, sir, that contested claims cannot be con-
sidered—the proof pro and con cannot be weighed
with the deliberation that is requisite in the midst
of a debate on an appropriation bill. It is the
province of the committee to examine and report
upon these claims.
One word in relation to the circumstances under
which this claim was rejected at the last session
of Congress. I presume you remember, sir, that
it was late at night, in the hurry of the closing
hours of the session, when there was a great deal
of business still to be done; when there was an
apprehension existing in the minds of Senators—
and a well-founded apprehension, too—that all of
the important appropriation bills would be lost, if
the time of the Senate should be taken up in dis-
puting controverted points. This was the reason,
I apprehend, why the majority of the Senate voted
to overrule the decision of the Chair. We know
that such considerations weigh upon the minds of
Senators; and that, under such circumstances, on
the question before the Seriate for its determina-
tion, much weight cannot be attached to the vote
of so small a majority as that by which the de-
cision of the Chair was overruled.
I remember, at the same time, that another
amendment was put upon the bill, much more in
the nature of a private claim than the one in ques-
tion—that was the claim of Andrew Taylor. I
believe it was during the same day that was ad-
mitted, although there was some contest about it.
It was debated, and was only lost in committee of
conference at last, if I recollect aright; and if I am
wrong, my friend from Arkansas, the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, will put me right.
That stood upon a similar policy, but savored
more of the character of a private claim than this.
I need not recapitulate the reasons advanced now
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs;] but
it seems to me that they are surely sufficient to
satisfy the Senate that this is not a private claim
in the contemplation of the rule; that it is provid-
ing for a claim public in its character, to carry out
the provisions of an existing law, and the policy
which has existed from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. I cannot doubt at all that the amend-
ment is legitimate, and that it is not excluded by
the rule.
Mr. CHASE. It is quite true that when this
?uestion was before the Senate, at the last session,
appealed to the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,]
who then moved it, to withdraw it; and that I
referred to the condition in which the Senate was
as a reason for his yielding to the appeal. He
was inclined to do so; but said, that, being the
organ of the committee, he did not feel at liberty
to yield to his own personal inclinations. In re-
ferring to the condition of the Senate, I, of course,
referred onty to the fatigue incident to the late dis-
cussion during a night session. The vote by
which this class of claims was decided to be a
private claim was, however, not the less an under-
stood vote upon the part of the Senate. I recollect
perfectly well the argument that was urged by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] He said
that he was interested in providing for the pay-
ment of claimants for French spoliations, and a
bill had actually passed the Senate sanctioning the
payment of those claims; and yet he said he was
not at liberty to move an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic bill providing for them. Although
they arose under a law of the land, they were
private claims. They arose under a treaty, the
supreme law of the land; but still, being a large
class of private claims, they could not be enter-
tained by the Senate as an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
I have before me the report which was made at
the session of 1838, upon these claims, when they
were very fully considered and investigated. It
was made by the present Comptroller of the
Treasury, Mr. Whittlesey, then a member of the
House of Representatives, whose habits of inves-
tigation and clearness in judgment are well known
to every member of the Senate. In speaking of
this class of claims, he says:
64
" The third class. Under this head, commencing at page
7, Executive document 1"27, is a list of claims to the num-
ber of 1003 for depredations committed by the Creek In-
dians upon the citizens of Georgia and Alabama."
He then showed the mode in which these claims
had been reported. It seems that out of the three
commissioners but two acted, and that no report
of the evidence on which they acted was ever
furnished to the Departments; but they stated, as
the gross amount necessary to satisfy the claims,
the sum of $356,167 92.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish the Senator to
go into that now. Both those statements are not
so. My object now is only to show the impro-
priety of the point of order. I am, however, pre-
pared with the documents to show that those state-
ments are not correct, but that the three commis-
sioners acted upon the greater part of the claims;
though the third one resigned before the time of
the commission expired. These are the facts of
the case.
Mr. CHASE. I know it is improper to go into
the merits of the claims upon a point of order; and
yet we have had those merits urged upon the Senate
as a reason why the decision should be that they
are not private claims. I refer to this report for the
purpose of showing that when they were referred
to the Committee on Claims in the House of Rep-
resentatives, they were reported as a list of claims
—a list of claims of private individuals on the
Government. Then they are private claims. It
is impossible to question it, unless no claim is re-
garded as a private claim which arises under the
provisions of any general law whatever.
If there is any law upon the statute-book, in
consequence of which, remotely or approximately,
any claim arises upon the Government on behalf
of a private individual, then if these claims are
not private claims, that claim isnot a private claim,
and such a rule becomes worthless. Whether or
not these claims fall within the principle of the
intercourse law, whether they fall within the pro-
visions of that law, is another question; but I
think I can show, as I endeavored to show on a
former occasion, when that question was before
the Senate, if it ever should come before us in a
separate bill, or if the Senate entertain it now, that
this claim does not fall within the principle of the
Indian intercourse law, or within the terms of the
law.
I will not, however, go into that now. My ob-
ject in rising was simply to show that the com-
mittee which reported upon them heretofore, re-
garded them as private claims; and thatthey have
been so regarded by the Senate heretofore; that
there has been no decision of the Senate upon any
occasion when they were not so held; and that if
all these considerations are not sufficient to bring
them within the rule, and to show that they ought
to be excluded by it, it seems to me useless to
have the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Senator from Virginia objects
to the consideration of the amendment, on the
ground that it is excluded by the 30th rule.
The individual opinion of the Chair is very clear
upon that head: that it does come within the ex-
ception, and is excluded by the rule. But inde-
pendent of his own opinion, the fact that the Sen-
ate, at the last session of Congress, overruled a
decision sustaining the amendment as in order,
would make it respectful for the Chair to decide
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. T respectfully appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. CHASE. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I have a strong impression, with
some other gentlemen who voted on this matter
in 1852, when it was up, that the question of order
was then raised, and decided favorably to the
entertainment of the proposition. I have sent for
the debates of that year to see if we cannot find
some evidence of it there. Before I receive that
volume, and before the question is taken, I wish
to refer the Senate to a question of order which
was raised on a somewhat similar case in that
year. I find, by reference to the Journal of the
Senate of August 10, 1852:
" The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the bill (H. R. 43) making appropria-
tion for the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1853."
A motion was made by myself to amend the
bill by inserting:
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropriations here-
tofoie made for the removal of the CHoetaw Indians from
Mississippi, as estimated by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, ^37,412.
"And the same being objected to as against the 30th rule,
" The President pro tempore submitted tire question for
the decision of the Senate, whether the said amendment
was in order ; and
" It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 30, nays 14."
This was at the same session, and upon the
Indian appropriation bill. The Senator from Vir-
ginia must remember that decision. It was in re-
gard to the claim of William B. Hart and others,
who represented the contractors for removing the
Choctaw Indians to the west of the Mississippi,
under a contract made with the Government. The
only specification in the existing law at the time
was that the Executive should be authorized to
make a contract for the removal of those Indians,
and perhaps it made an appropriation for that
purpose, but 1 am not certain whether that was
so or not. Probably there was an appropriation
in the bill. The contractors, in the execution of
the contract, were detained a great length of time,
unnecessarily, as they alleged, by the default of the
Government in not sending one half the amount
of scrip claimed by the emigrant Choctaw Indians
in due time. They alleged that they had assem-
bled a large proportion of the Indians in as short
a time after they entered upon the execution of
the contract as was practicable. The Indians
were poor, and came with their families, perhaps
one thousand or two thousand of them, and the
contractors had to subsist the Indians out of their
own funds. Their contract was, in terms, that they
should remove the Indians for so much a head, or
for a certain sum in gross, according to the num-
ber removed. The question arose whether they
were not entitled to indemnity from the Govern-
ment,; in consequence of the default of the officers
of the Government in not transmitting earlier to
the Choctaw Indians the scrip which was to Be
handed over to them before they started on their
journey to the west of the Mississippi. The claim
was for the supplies, clothing, and provisions fur-
nished while they were encamped.
An amendment to provide for this claim was
moved to the Indian appropriation bill, and the
question was raised whether it was not a mere
private claim? The amendment was to provide
for contractors who had stipulated for a particu-
lar amount to remove the Choctnws west of the
Mississippi river, and after they had been paid
the amount specified in the contract; the claim was
for indemnity for extra supplies furnished them,
upon the allegation that there had been neglect on
the part of the Government. Upon that ground,
the exception was taken by the Senator from Ohio,
in that case as in the other, that it was excluded
by the 30th rule. The question was debated
pretty fully, and the Senate decided, by a vote
of thirty to fourteen, that it was not a private
| claim coming within the 30th rule. Upon what
ground ? Because here was an existing act of
Congress authorizing the President to contract for
the transportation of those Indians west of the
Mississippi, according to the terms of the con-
tract, (probably it could have been executed for
the specific amount mentioned in it;) and there
was a further stipulation in it that they should
make no claim for extra supplies. Nevertheless,
the Government, by its negligence in waiting a
month, or perhaps two months, before sending
the scrip which was to be delivered to the Choc-
taws before their removal, caused the contractors
to be subjected to the expense of supplying the
