1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Indians encamped in the mean time. Although
the contractors received the entire amount speci-
fied in their contract with the Government for the
removal, yet they claimed remuneration for extra
expenses and charges incurred by the negligence
of the Government. *
The argument was, that it justly belonged to
that class of private claims meant to be included
under the act of 1830. The reply was, that here
was an act of Congress authorizing this removal;
here was an existing obligation on the part of the
Government. It was a claim which was set up
under an existing act which had not been fulfilled
in good faith to the contractors. That was the
state of that case; and the amendment was ruled
to be in order.
In addition to that, I cannot help thinking that
after the question upon the proposition now be-
fore us had been debated—whether if arose in 1852
or not for the first time I do not know—so clear
was the expression of opinion in regard to it, that
the amendment was ruled to be in order, after full
consideration, when objection was taken that it did
not properly come within the 30th rule, if 1 can
refer to the debates on that point, I shall do so,
and see whether I am not correct. I think it will
be found that this question was settled at the very
first session when the claim was presented in the
Senate. But it may have been that in the decision
alluded to by the Senator from Ohio, the excep-
tion was taken and sustained, when it was ottered
as an amendment to the deficiency bill by a mem-
ber on his individual responsibility, and nor by
order of a standing committee of the Senate. The
debates upon the question will show how that
was. I do not myself remember the facts; and
though I presented the amendment, I cannot say !
whether it was by order of the committee or not. i
I know it was amply discussed. I think the i
question of order was discussed. Whether the j
opinion of the Senate was taken upon the ques- 1
tion or not, I am hardly able to say. It may be
that my recollection is founded upon the objections :
stated in the argument; or it may be, as is sug-
gested to me by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Geyer,] that many Senators declared their inten-
tion to vote against it, as an amendment to the
deficiency bill, because it was not appropiiate to
that bill.
Mr. CHASE. I have before me, in the Con-
gressional Globe, the debate to which the Senator
from Tennessee refers, which took place in 1852,
when lie first introduced this provision.
Mr. BELL. Was that the first year when it
was proposed ?
Mr. CHASE. That is the first time it was
presented when discussion arose. The Senator
from Tennessee then proposed the following
amendment to the deficiency bill of that year:
" For payment to the eilizen-'of Alabama, (Jeoiyia, ami
Florida, for depredations- committed l>y Creek I niltan^ upon
their pioperty, and for other pioperty token by it)!1 troops of
ti e Hinted States and tnendly Creeks, in the year 1Mb,
$355,797."
And then he immediately proceeded to say:
" I offer this by direction of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. 1 would n<>t have presumed to offer it upon my own
le^poiwbihty," &,e.
Then a debate followed upon the merits of the
claim, showing clearly that there was no question
of order made at that time.
The question on sustaining the decision of the
Chair being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 15; as follows:
VIOAR—Messrs. Allen, Rutler, Chair, T)od <> of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Ftslt, Jiamlin, Hunter, Jone* of
Iowa, Pettit, Slide!!, Stuart, Sumuer, Toucey, Wade, Wal-
ler, and Wright—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Badget, Bell, Benjamin, Clay, Dawson,
Everett, Fifzpatriek, Foot, Geyer, Pratt, Rusk, riebastuin,
Seward, Toombs, arid Walker—15.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. RUSK. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment:
That to such Cherokees as were omitted in the census
taken by I). W. Siler, but who were included and paid
,im<ler the net of July, 1848, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs be authorized to pay them the same per capita allow-
ance that wa«< paid the other Indians under that distribu-
tion : Provided, The commission shall he satisfied that they
ought to be included in said per capita distribution; and
that the sum of $5,000 be appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask theSenatorfrom
Tfxas if this applies to a band, or to individuals?
Mr. RUSK. I nonot know exactlythe amount,
nor could the Commissionerof Indian Affairs him-
self estimate the anionnt, necessary to carry out
this provision; but $5,000 is sufficient, and will,
perhaps, more than cover it.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it a private claim ?
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; but 1 will state how it
arises. By the treaty with these Indians, they
were to have so much per capita out of a certain
fund. There was a census of them taken, in what
year I do not remember, by D. W. Siler. It was
alleged by the Indians that he did not take the
entire census; that there were some who lived at
a distance from where he was, whom he did not
enumerate. An examination was made by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and it was found
that all the Indians were not included. From the
report of the agent, it was ascertained that the
Indians proposed to be provided for by this amend-
ment were not included in Stler's census. They
were just as much entitled to be paid under the
treaty as were the others. The others were paid
simply because they were included by Mr. Siler.
This proposes to pay those who were not included,
provided the commissioner shall ascertain that they
are entitled. It is but an act of justice.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to have the decision of
the Chair, whether this is a private claim or
not.
Mr. RUSK. It is to carry out an existing law.
Mr. PRATT. I cannot see the distinction be-
tween this case and the one which has just been
decided. The claim which has just been decided
not to be in order, was a claim growing out of the
act of 1834.
Mr. HUNTER. Not at all.
Mr. PRAT T. If there is a claim at all in that
case, it is a claim existing under the provisions of
the act of 1834. Now, the Senator from Texas |
supposes that his amendment does not come within I
the rule which forbids private claims to be offered ;
as amendments to an appropriation bill, because,
he says, it is a claim growing out of some public |
law. That is the only ground upon which he can j
put it; because, by the very terms of the amend- |
ment itself, a claim of so much money to be paid i
per capita to certain Indians. It is, therefore, a I
piivate claim on the part of those Indians, to re- i
ceive per capita a certain amount of money. j
The Senator from Texas says this is not a pri- j
vate claim, within the view of the thirtieth rule,
because it is a claim growing out of a treaty or
public law. I think the Senator is right; but if
he is right now, the Senate were wrong in the de-
cision which they have just given. A decision in
favor of this claim now, by the Senate, would in-
volve, m order to preserve consistency, as a neces-
sary result, the reconsideration of the vote which
has just been given. If the inhabitants of Alabama (
and Georgia are entitled to receive anything for :
the depredations committed upon them, it is only I
because, under the provisions of the act of 1834, j
they are entitled to the money which was proposed i
to be appropriated by the amendment offered by I
theSenatorfrom Georgia. His a provision, there- |
fore, made by a public law; and it is a provision
in relation to individuals. litre is an amend-
ment which gives a per capita amount to Indians;
and the only leason, according to the argument
of the Senator from Texas, why it is not a private
claim, is because these individual Indians are en-
titled to it under some public law. I desire only,
for the sake of consistency, that the Chair shall
decide this question.
Mr. RUSK. The rule is very clear:
"No amendment proposing additional appiopriations
I i shall be received to ariv gener.il appropriation bill, unle^U
II be made to carry out the provi^ioitd ol «oit e e.Mstmg law."
;i Now here is clearly an existing law; here is a
j! treaty with these Indians, which is the law of the
11 land, providing for the payment of a per capita
i; allowance to them. It is clear, then, that this
ti amendment is to carry out a general law of the
land. But the rule proceeds:
;! —"or some act or resolution, previously passed by the
:! Senate during that session, or moved by direction of a
! ) standing committee of the Senate, or m pursuance of an
i' estimate frinn the head of some oftiie DcpnrtmenN ; anrfno
j, amendmentshall be received whose object is to provide for
fi a private claim, although the same may have been pre-
i| viously sanctioned by tlie Senate,"
j This is simply carrying out a law, an obliga-
■ tion, which would have been discharged before but
11 for a defect in the census which was taken, and
ll which was discovered and rectified by the act of
1848. It is just as clearly not a private claim,
within the meaning of the rule, as is a provision to
pay the salary of an officer. The salary of the
officers of the Government is ascertained by the
law of the land; and the amount to be paid to
these Indians must be ascertained by reference to
the treaty, which is the law of the land.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to read the first clause
of the seventeenth section of the act of 1834, on
which the claim presented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia is predicated. It is m these
words:
"That if any Indian or Indians, belonging to any tribe
m amity with the United States, shall, within the Indian
country, take or destroy the property of any person law-
fully within such country, or shall pass from the Indian
country into any State or Territory inhabited by citizens of
the United States, and there take, -teal, or destroy, any
horse, horses, or other piopeity, belonging to any citizen
or inhabitant ot the United States, such citizen or inhabit-
ant, hi" representative, attorney, or agent, may make appli-
cation to the proper superintendent, agent, or ?nb ajrent,
who, upon being furnished wuh the neeessaty documents
and pi oofs, <ball, under the direction of the President,
make application to the nation or tube to which saul Indian
or Indians shall belong, lor satisfaction," S«.e.
Then it provides, that if the nation to which the
Indian or Indians depredating may belong does
not indemnify the individuals suffering, the United
States shall do it.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. I voted with the Senator from
Maryland in regard to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Georgia. I thought it ought to
be included, and 1 think so still. I have voted
for that half a dozen times. But the Senator will
observe this clear distinction: that the law of 1834
is not applicable to the States of Alabama and
Georgia, and therefore the claims of citizens of
those States for the depredations referred to have-
not been paid.
Mr. PRATT. I desire only to make myself
understood. I find that! voted, at the last session,,
that the claim, presented by the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia, was a private claim; but J
apprehend very many Senators so voted because-
they did not think that the citizens of Georgia and
Alabama came within the provisions of the law of
1834. Whether they are entitled to the money or
not is one question. They claim to be entitled to
it under that law. You refused to permit that
question to be decided by the Senate, by saying
that it is a private claim, although it may existus
a claim under that law. Now, I say that the de-
cision which has been made by the Senate should
not have been made; but the whole question
should be presented to the Senate, whether, under
the seventeenth section of the act of 1834, the in-
habitants of Alabama an-d Georgia were entitled
to be paid for those depredations. Now, the Sen-
ator from Texas concedes that if they were enti-
tled to be paid under the act of 1834, that amend-
ment stands in the same position with the one
which he has now offered.
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. If the inhabitants of Alabama
and Georgia have no claim under the act of 1834,
it is not pretended, on the part of the honorable
Senator from Georgia, or any one else, that they
have any claim at all. Therefore, being presented
from a committee, as a claim under an existing
law, the Senate should not have decided against
the amendment upon a question of order, as to
whether the claim ought to be considered or not.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported thatas
an amendment, upon theground thai it was a just
claim under the act of Ib34.
Mr. RUSK. Under the principles of the act
of 1834.
Mr. PRATT. Underthe act of 1834.
Mr. RUSK. Oh, no I
Mr. PRATT. That is to say, Indians in amity
with the United States proceeded from their terri-
tory within the limits of Alabama, and destroyed
the property of citizens of the United States; and
that should be paid for under the act of 1834.
Commissioners were appointed, who have adju-
dicated the amount, and that amount has been rec-
ommended to be paid. That is the claim, as I
understand it to tJe, presented by the honorable
Senator from Georgia. Now, I say it is mani-
festly unjust that that amendment should have
been set aside, on the ground that it was a private
claim, and that this claim should be admitted,
