soo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
Now, Mr. Chairman, to collect this sum of
$899 10 annually we have had a custom-house
establishment of some kind, one which has been
found amply sufficient, I suppose, to collect that
sum; for the committee wilt see, that it does not
require a very large building, nor a very great
number of employees, to collect that amount of
money. It has been done, sir; the work has
been performed. But during the last session of
Congress, or rather the session before last, an ap-
propriation of $25,000 was made for the purpose.
But they were not content with that; and I well
recollect the assurances given us by my honorable
friend from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle,] who, 1 have
no doubt, made them in good faith, made them
emphatically, made them earnestly, and made
them repeatedly—that this sum should be suffi-
cient. The appropriation was made. I did not
think the appropriation a wise one then; I do not
now. Congress appropriated the sum of $25,000
in addition, to collect a revenue of $899 10 yearly.
And now it is proposed to increase it $32,000 j
more, making $37,000 appropriated to collect a
sum which, if aggregated for thiee years, would
scarcely equal the annual interest ($2,220) on the
amount appropriated.
Well, now, Mr. Chairman, this statement pre-
sents the whole case in a nut-shell. It is for the
committee to say, as well upon this proposition as
upon any other, what shall be the policy to be
pursued here. It is the opening to a series of
propositions which have been heretofore submit-
ted, and probably will be again, to overrule the
recommendation of the Committee on Ways and
Means, if we have done wrong here, the com-
mittee will vote this additional appropriation. If
not, they will refuse the appropriation.
Mr. RIDDLE, lam opposed to the^ amend-
ment of my friend from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hibbard.] I am very sorry to find th^itth^gen-
tleman should offer such an amendment; and I
beg the attention of this House for one moment
longer, to what I have to say m reply to his state-
ments. 1 am aware that in the city of Wilming-
ton very little revenue is collected. But let the
gentleman from Cincinnati [Mr. Disney] tell me
how his revenue of $200,000 is collected. The
goods are entered in New York, in Philadelphia,
m Baltimore, and New Orleans; and they are sent
to Cincinnati in original packages, and, by a law
of Congress, the duties aie paid at those places.
.Now, i say upon this floor, that if the duties upon
original packages came to my city—being only
twenty-seven miles from Philadelphia, where the
duties are paid—we should have $200,000 of rev-
enue a year. It cannot be expected that a city
which is but a suburb, as it were, with a popula-
tion of twenty thousand, should command a trade
equal to that where they receive the commerce of
all the world.
There is another fact connected with this mat-
ter which I will state. The collector of customs
of the Delaware district is the superintendent of
lights and light-houses in the fourth district—the
greatest district m the United States. All the im-
portant papers in connection with that office are
there collected. Are you not warned, is this
House not warned, of the necessity of making
this building fire-proof, by the recent destruction
of the custom-house at Portland? There the
Government has lost two hundred thousand dol-
lars by not having their custom-house at that
point lire-proof. Now we can go on and com-
plete this building, with the present appropnation;
we can make it as pretty a building, without its
being fire-proof, for twenty-five thousand dollars,
as wc can for thirty-seven thousand dollars, and
make it fire-proof. As far as it concerns an orna-
ment to my city I care nothing; but the interest
of the Government requires that the building
should be fire-proof. The interest of the Gov-
ernment requires that these records, which are of
importance to the country, should not be kept in
a building which is liable to be consumed by fire
at any moment, and at the instance of any person
who may be disposed to set jt on fire.
I am not in collusion with any members of this
House m regard to any appropriations which they
may desire. 1 have stated the plain fact* to this
committee. I believe that the interest of the Gov-
ernment require that not only its light-house
records, not, only its custom-house records, but all
its post office and United States court records,
should be secure. Hence it is that I appeal to this
committee to vote down the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New Hampshire.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIBBARD. If there is no objection, I
withdraw my amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Delaware, [Mr. Riddi e.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, providing an -additional appropriation of
$40,000 for the custom-house at Cincinnati. I
offer this amendment because it is recommended
specially and specifically by the Secretary of the
Treasury as being required by the public in-
terests. Permit me here to make one general
remark. If the House will examine the bill now
pending, they will find that the Committee on
Ways and Means have disregarded the recom-
mendations made by the Secretary in every in-
stance, in relation to the completion of the custom-
houses designated and set forth in his estimates.
Why is this? Is it not incumbent upon that
committee to present before this House and coun-
try some good and substantial reason why, in
each and in every case of this kind, the recom-
mendations of the Secretary have been disregarded ?
I repeat the question, why is this? I know not
how it may be in other parts of the country, I do
not know how it may be in the case of the Wil-
mington custom-house, but I do know that at Cin-
cinnati contracts have been entered into, ground
purchased, and that the building is in course of
erection; and that the Secretary, after a fair and
full examination of the subject, has decided that
an additional appropriation of $40,000 is demanded
by a just regard for the public interests of the
country. Then T repeat it, why is it that the
Committee on Ways and Means have disregarded
so clear and specific a recommendation ?
The late conflagration of the custom-house at
Portland has given us warning of the necessity
there is forconstructing these buildings fire-proof,
and making them safe places for the custody of
the public archives. I presume it was a reason of
this sort which influenced the Secretary to make
the recommendation he has in the case of the cus-
tom-house at Cincinnati. Certain it is, that con-
tracts have been made for the erection of the
building; and these contracts are all within'the
limits of the appropriation now standing upon the
statute-book. I have had no particular consulta-
tion with the Secretary m regard to this matter,
nor did I deem it necessary, for I supposed it to
be one of those obvious cases where the necessity
of the appropriation recommended by the Secre-
tary was clearly apparent, and needed no argu-
ment to sustain it. I did not suppose that the
Committee on Ways and Means would, m the
face and eyes of the recommendation of the Secre-
tary, so disregtud it as to feel it incumbent upon
them to stand up and justify their action in regard
to it before this House and country.
I repeat it, sir, I have made no inquiry into the
particulars of the case; but I know the general facts
of which 1 speak. I know that contracts have been
entered into for the construction of that building,
which will cover the whole amount for which I
ask, and that that amount will be necessary to
render the building fire-proof.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio,
who has just taken his seat, seems to be very
much astonished that a committee of this House
should dispute, or not yield implicitly to the es-
timates of one of the Departments of the Govern-
ment. I take it for granted that when the gentle-
man has attended a few more sessions of this
body—if he should have the luck to do so, as 1
hope he will—he will find ihat Congress is as proper
^ajud^e of an estimate as a department; and tnat
it is the province of the committees of this House
and of Congress either to grant or withhold, in
whole or in part, any estimate that may be pre-
sented to them for their approval.
But the gentleman says. " in the face and eyes
of such an estimate, why did we reduce it?" Why,
sir, the gentleman knows very well why we re-
duced it. it was because we believed it to be
unnecessary. We reduced it because we have
been Jed on by promises and pledges of one sort
or another, made by the friends of that custom-
| house, to make appropriation after appropriation y
until we came to the conclusion that to go or*
further would but he a waste of money.
•Mr. DISNEY. Why a waste of money?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
has, on more than one occasion, when the subject
of the Cincinnati custom-house was up for con-
sideration, pledged himself to the House that the
amount,then sought should be sufficient to com-
plete the building. The first appropriation for the
construction of this custom-house contained a pro-
viso that the entire cost of the building should not
exceed the sum of $75,000.
Mr. DiSNEY. Will the genUeman allow me
to say that I never pledged my self that that amount
should complete the building?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman may have
never pledged himself that that amount should
complete the building, but he stated to the House,
on more than one occasion, as the records will
show, that that amount would be all that would be
required to complete it.
Mr. DISNEY. I said that was the estimate.
Mr. HOUSTON. The estimate, under the Ad-
ministration which has just gone out of power,
was that $75,000 would be sufficient to complete
a fire-proof custom-house in Cincinnati, sufficient
for every purpose required by the wants of that
city; and this estimate was made by a gentleman
who was himself a citizen of Ohio.
Now, sir, who is to be employed in the custom-
house at Cincinnati ? It is true that it is to furnish
a court-room, and city post office, but when you
come to the custom-house proper, how many
officers^axe to be employed in it? I think only
one or tw^ The surveyor of the port; and I do
not knowfnat there is any other. The revenues
that are collected at Cincinnati, as was very well
remarked by the gentleman from Deiawate, [Mr.
Riddle,] are upon packages entered at New Or-
leans, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, or
Boston. AH th$ labor, machinery, and parapher-
nalia attendant upon the collection of the revenue
for which Cincinnati gets the credit, is at those
places, and not in Cincinnati. There is nothing
to do there but to receive from thecollectoratNew
Orleans, or from the collectors of the other places,
a certificate of the amount of dues to be collected.
That is all. Cincinneti shows a large amount of
revenue, but not a single vessel from which it is
collected goes there. It is not a port of entry, and
there is no officer employed there except'a sur-
veyor of the port, and perhaps a clerk.
A Member. How much has already been
appropriated ?
Mr. HOUSTON. A gentleman very appro-
priately asks, how much has already been appro-
priated for the erection of this building ? The first
appropriation was for $50,000; the next for $25,000;
and then they came in and asked for $150,000, on
the ground that it was absolutely necessary, or
else the building would go to rack, and never be
completed. Congress gave them $50,000 more;
J and a year or two afterwards they came here again
I and asked $80,500 more, saying that without that
1 sum the building could never be rendered useful
or valuable to the Government, and Congress gave
them that also. Congress has given $212,000 for
the erection of a custom-house building at that
point, when $100,000 would have been ample, and
ought to have sufficed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount to $45,000,
in order that I may get a little further infounation
about this matter. 1 wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means to state, if
he can, what amount is collected at the port of
Cincinnati ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Two hundred and fifty-one
thousand six hundred and forty-nine dollars and
ninety cents was the amount collected at the port
of Cincinnati last year, and collected in the way
I have stated.
Mi. TAYLOR. I cannot lay my hands on the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury in
relation to the necessity of this appropriation of
$40,000, which I understood my colleague [Mr.
Disney] to say he has recommended. But I wish
to say a word or two in reference to these appro-
priations generally for the western country.
I understood the gentleman who has just taken
his seat-Ahe chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means—to say that thia building, when
