1854.
THE? CWNGRESHOiWAL GLOBE.
IWf
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Rebecca Freeman on the list of
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
during her natural life, commencing January 27,
1847.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No, 241) "for the relief of James
'Wormsley.5,
The bill and report having been read, the bill
was laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it pass.
Senate biil (No. 223) "for the relief of Mary
Carlton."
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary Carlton on the list of
revolutionary pensioners, at the rate of twenty-
four dollars a year, to commence October 1,1838,
and to continue during her natural life.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
Senate hilfcgfNo. 340) "for the relief of Sarah
Crandall." v
, The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Sarah Crandall, widow of
James Coon, on the list of revolutionary pension-
ers, and pay her, during her natural life, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence Jan-
uary 1, 1848.
The report was then read; and no objection being
made, the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 426) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Lieutenant Francis Ware."
The bill provides that it appears from the books
in the Register's office of the Treasury Depart-
ment, that there is now outstanding and unpaid
in favor of Lieutenant Francis Ware, deceased, a
final settlement certificate for commutation pay
for the sum of $251 10 No. 92,816, that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be pub-
lished, for the space of two weeks, in two of the
weekly papers of the city of Washington, a notice
that he has been directed to pay said " final settle-
ment certificate," and calling upon any person or
persons who may own said certificate to produce
it to him for payment; and if, at the expiration of
three months from the date of said notice, no per-
son or persons shall present it for payment, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay the amount of said certifi-
cate, No. 92,816, with interest on the same, at the
rate of three per centum, from January 1, 1791,
to January 1, 1832, to the heir or heirs-at-law of
said Lieutenant Francis Ware; provided, that be-
fore such payment shall be made, the said heir or
heirs, as the case shall be, shall execute a bond,
payable to the United States, in double the amount
to be paid, with two good and sufficient securities,
conditioned to indemnify the Government of the
United States against the legal claim of any person
or persons for the payment of said "final settle-
ment certificate for commutation pay," alleged to
be lost or destroyed.
The report was then read; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 429; " for the relief of James
Capen."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James Capen on the pension
roll, and that the said Capen be entitled to receive
the sum of eight dollars per month during his
natural life, to commence March, 4, 1851.
It appears from the report in this case that the
petitioner served a period of five months and
twelve days, and that, including the time spent in
going to and returning from the places of muster,
he served over six months. It also appears that
he was draughted for a term of three years'service,
and owing to the sickness of his father, he was
obliged to hire a substitute. There is no satisfac-
tory evidencefurnished that the petitioner actually
served six months, theieby entitling him to be
placed on the pension roll under the act of June 7,
1832, and to receive arrears of pension from March
4, 1831, to the present time. ♦But as he probably
may have served that length of time, and is now
very old and infirm, the committee were of opin-
ion that he should be placed on the pension roll—
his pension to commence from March 4, 1851,
about the date of his application.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 431) "for the relief of Thomas nvm i««jf a, iwi,
Ap Catesby Jones, surety for a former postmaster3' 11!1" directs the Secretary of the Interior to- h&ve
t 1 1 w  • * t IV1 Vk d 1 rt f 1 > M n V« A M Itn /• H w n - —
House bill (No. 433)." for the relief of J knot
Wright, jr., of the State, of Tennessee." ....
The bill was read. . >
It increases the pension of James Wright*, jr;,
from $5 33 per month to eight dollars per month,
.such increase to commence from M'ay 1, 1854;
at Norfolk, Virginia.
The bill, which was read, provides that a certain
judgment rendered in 1842, against Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones and Duncan Robertson, as sureties
for Walter P.Jones, formerly postmaster at Nor-
folk, in the State of Virginia, for $4,387 09, it
being on account of the defalcation of said post-
master as such, shall be declared satisfied, m so
far as thesaid sureties, or either of them, are liable
thereon. It also provides that $2,500 heretofore
by said Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, through his
agent, paid on said judgment, shall be ordered to
be refunded to said Jones, out of any moneys in
the Treasury of the United States not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the re-
linquishment of any security or liability in this
case.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for the read-
ing of the report. The bill does not relinquish any
security.
Mr. PARKER. I will state briefly the facts in
the case.
Mr. JONES. Is there not a report accompany-
ing the bill ?
Mr. PARKER. There is.
Mr. JONES. Well, let it be read.
Mr. PARKER. It is too long; but if the com-
mittee will allow me, 1 will state very briefly the
merits of the case. [Cries of "Go on. "J The
necessity for this bill arises on account of Com-
modore Jones, and a gentleman by the name of
Robertson, having become securities for a post-
master at Norfolk, Virginia. At the time Com-
modore Jones became such security, most of the
defalcations of the postmaster had occurred; but
his accounts were not then settled, and the former
securities were released frflm their bond, leaving
Jones and the other security in this predicament.
The Judiciary Committee were unanimous in their
opinion, that so far as these defalcations were
I concerned, there could be no question; but that
\ the law would entirely exonerate the securities.
This bill proposes to make no gratuity. But
there was no legal right to recover the amount
levied on the claimant, as it is perfectly clear,
from the documents drawn from the Post Office
Department, that the defalcations of the postmas-
ter had occurred because of the laches of the
Post Office Department itself. This is perfectly
clear. No question can be made clearer. At the
time that judgment was taken against him, Com-
modore Jones was in the Pacific, engaged in the
service of his country. He left the matter to be
managed by his attorneys, who placed the defense
on the ground that the action was not brought in
time; and that plea was overruled,and judgment
issued.
The CHAIRMAN. Is objection withdrawn?
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will add to what
has been stated by my colleague, that with the i
judgment hanging over Commodore Jones, most
unjustly and unrighteously rendered, this man
will be ruined before next January; every particle
of property that he has will be seized to satisfy
these claims. I hope the objection will be with-
drawn. Let not this man, who is disfigured in
his country's service, be denied justice on this
floor,
Mr. JONES. I cannot vote for any such bill,
Mr. PARKER. But you can withdraw your
objection.
The objection was withdrawn, and the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, in the case of Senate bill No. 71, " for the
relief of Joseph Gonder, junior, and John Duff,"
I objected, and the- bill was passed over. I have
since read the report, and 1 am confident that if
the facts stated in it are to be relied on, the bill
should pass. 1 withdraw my objection.
The objection being withdrawn, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
him paid such increased pension.
Tke bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it- do-
Senate bill (No. 281) " for the relief of William
Miller."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be directed to place the
name of William Miller on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at the rate of ninety-six dollars per year,
commencing on the 10th of February, 1845, to
continue during his natural life.
The bill wife laid aside to be reported to the.
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 434) " for the relief of Captain
Lewis E. Simonds."
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to pay to
Captain Lewis E. Simonds, of the United States
Navy, $800, it being for his expenses incurred in *
defending himself against two suits brought
against him for arresting and detaining the brig
Casket, on the coast of Africa, on charge of being. 0.
engaged in the slave trad*, in 1845, the said Si- *-
monds being then in command of the United
States armed vessel called the Marion, and acting
in the line of his duty. ^
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the 9
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 435) " for the relief of Daniel
Morse, of Essex, Chittenden county, Vermont."
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
ofthe Interior to place the name of Daniel Morse on
the list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing on the 8th day of
March, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 436) "for the relief of Ira Call,
of Huron county, Ohio."
The bill having been read, was laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
House bill (No. 437) "for the relief of Isaac M.
Sigler, of Putnam county, Indiana."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 438) " for the relief of John
Prazer, and the administrator of the estate <#
John Gh Clendenin, deceased."
The bill having been read, was laid aside to be'
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
House bill (No. 442) " for the relief of Mary
H. Cushing."
The bill, which was read, provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior be authorized and required
I to issue to Mary H. Cushing, daughter of John
' Wainwright Cushing, deceased, a soldier of the
I war of 1812, a warrant for so much military
1 bounty land as thesaid John Wainwright Cush-
I ing would be entitled to receive were he now living.
1 The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate resolution (No. 14) " authorizing settle-
ments under certain mail contracts." [Objected
to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
Senate bill (No. 145) "for the relief of John
G.Camp."
The bill, which was read, provides that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be directed to
settle the suspended accounts for mileage of John
G-. Camp, late marshal for the middle district of
Florida, in the same manner that similar accounts
are now settled; provided that the amount therein
charged does not exceed what is now allowed by
^The Committee on the Judiciary had reported
to amend in the seventh line, by striking out the
words " theiein charged does," and inserting tie
word " shall," and in the eighth line, by striking
out the word " allowed," and inserting the word
" authorized," so that it would read:
Tliat the accounting officers of the Treasury be, and
