THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
tUty are hereby, directed to settle the suspended accounts
forimleage of John Q■ Camp, late marshal for the middle
district of Florida, in the same manner that similar account?
are now settled: Provided, ho« ever, That the amount shall
not exceed what is now authorized by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a report?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
, Mr. JONES. Then I object. A
House bill (No. 443) " vesting the title of ^he-
United States to certain land in the city of Cin-
cinnati,"
The bill provides that the title and interest of
the United States to the unsold land, if there be any,
in fractional section number eleven, in fractional
township number four, m fractional range number
one, of John Cleves Symmes's purchase of lands,
within the now State of Ohio, be, and_ the same
hereby is, vested in the corporate authorities of the
city of Cincinnati, and their successors in office,
and in any other occupants of the same, in seve-
ralty, upon payment to the Comm(§sioner of the
General Land Office of the minimum price orland
subject to entry; provided, that nothing in theact
shall be so construed as to impair the legal or
equitable rights of any other person or persons to
the said land, or to any part thereof.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 185) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Samuel Pnoleau."
The bill directs the proper acccounting officers of
*► the Treasury to pay tq. the lega.l representatives h
of Samuel Prloleau, late of Charleston, South ;
Carolina, §6,928 60, being in full compensation
for property taken from said Prioleau, at Charles- jl
ton, for the use of the United States, during the h
revolutionary war. ,
The bill wits laid aside to be reported to the H
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 337) "for the relief of Eliza j
M.Evans." !
Mr. CRAIGE. Is there a report to this bill? ,
Mr. PECKHAM. There is a Senate report. :
Mr. CHAIGE. 1 want to know some reason
"why this interest should be paid. |i
Mr. PECKHAM. Because the money was
advanced to Hie Government of the United States. 1
Mr. CRAIGE. Well, sir, 1 object. '
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 hope the gentleman will1
not object. 1 am willing he should move to strike ;
out the interest, and when the bill comes to the •]
House, let the matterbe settled. j
Mr. CllAlGE. I do not withdraw my objec- i
tion.
House bill (No. 440) " for the relief of the civil |
township of Marion, in the county of Mercer, j
Ohio." i
•„ The bill, which was read, provides that the 1
trustees of the civil township of Marion, in the
county of Mercer, and Suite of Ohio, be author- 1
ized to select out of the unsold hinds of the Uni-
ted Slates in said State, one section of land for
school purposes, in lieu of section sixteen, to
which said township is entitled by acts of Con-
gress; and that wlfen the said trustees shall have
selected Raid section of land, they shall notify the
Register of the Land Office in the district in which
said lands lie, and the same shall be reserved from
sale, and set apart for the use of schools in said
townships.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported'to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 447) " for the relief of the legal
heirs of Benjamin Metoyer."
The bill provides that Benjamin Metoyer, of
Natchitoches parish, Louisiana, he authorized to
enter for himself and the other heirs of Benjamin
Metoyer, deceased, as near as may be by legal
subdivisions, one hundred and twenty-three and
twelve one hundredths acres of land out of any
public lands belonging to the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to offer an amend-
ment. to the lull, and 1 will now briefly state its
object. The lands indicated are those which have
been confiimed to these heirs by act ofCongtees,
and because the act of Congress did not author-
ize the Commissioner of the Land Office to issue
patents, he feeis that he has not the power to do
go. The object of the amendment is to authorize
the Land Office to issue patents for the lands
■which have been confirmed to these heirs by act
of CoflirreoK,
There was no objection; and the amendment
was read and agreed to; as follows:
And that the Commissioner of the Land Office be author-
ized to issue to said heirs and legal representatives patents
for the lands heretofore confirmed to them by acts of Con-
gress.
1 The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recojnmen<iati°n
that it do pass.
Senate bill (No 248) "for the relief of William
Harris, of Georgia."
The bill, which was read,directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle the
claim of William Harris, of Geogia,and pay him
for his services in the United States Army in the
same manner as if he had not deserted therefrom;
provided, the same shall not exceed the pay and
emoluments of a sergeant of infantry, from April 1
18, 1814, to November 25, 1816.
The bill was laid aside to be,reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 240) " for the relief of James
Edwards and others." '
The Secretary of War, by this bill, is directed |
to ascertain by the best evidence which the riatuie i
of the case will admit of, the value of the houses !
and other property of James Edwards, of the !
late Edward M. Wanton, and of the late Nehe-
miah Brush, destroyed at Micanopy, Florida, in
1836, by order of Lieutenant Colonel B. K. Pierce,
the commanding officer of that post, to prevent
them from falling into the hands of the enemy,
and that the amount so ascertained be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro- j
printed; provided, the amounts so to be paid shall
not exceed #2,46') 32 m the case of James Ed-
1 wards; $1,812 50 111 the case of the late Edward
M. Wanion; or jj8U0 in the case of the late jN'e-
hemiah Brush.
The lepurt accompanying the bill having been
; read, ihe bill was laid aside to be reported to the
; House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 203) " fortherelief of Thomas
' Snodgrass."
The bill was rend. It directs that $230 be ap-
! propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to reimburse to Captain
, Thomau Snodgiass the expenses by him incurred
; for a team, and balance for forage and subsistence
! furnished to his company of volunteers, while
\ employed as a guard or escort for a party of em-
j! igrating Cherokees, in 1838, provided nothing
i contained in the act shall be construed to sanction
j! any claim of the representatives of Washington
'! Smith upon the United States for the same, or
j; any other sum advanced said Snodgrass.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass,
i House bill (No. 448) " for the relief of William
! H. Weinclc."
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
War to pay to William 11. Weirick, hue a sec-
ond lieutenant in company G, of Colonel J. D.
Stevenson's regiment of New York volunteers,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appioprmled, ^i576 26, the amount of mileage
from California to New York, and two months'
pay, as paid to the other afficers and soldiers of
said regiment.
The report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was read; and the bill was laid aside to be
leported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
House bill (No. 469) "granting bounty land to
Cornelius Coffey."
Mr. MCCULLOCH. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 25; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The Clerk then commenced the call of the roll,
but was interrupted by
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, who said: I am as
much opposed to adjourning as any member of
the committee can be, but being satisfied from the
temper of the House that we shall be able to do
nothing to-day, 1 will, if the committee will per-
mit me, move that the committee do now rise.
[Cries of " No !" " No !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
while the call is proceeding the gentleman cannot
submit the motion.
The Clerk resumed the call, but was again in-
terrupted by '
Mr. PRESTON, who said: I desire at this stage
of the call to submit a motion, which I presume
is in order at this time, but will not be after the
call of the roll is finished. I would ask the Chair
if it is in order now to move that the call be sus-
pended, and the committee rise, and the chairman
be instructed to report to the House the bills which
the committee have ordered to be laid aside and
reported to the House?
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection, the
Chair will entertain the motion.
[Cries of" Agreed "Agreed !"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the roll is called
through, and you find the committee without a
quorum, the Chair cannot report them. «
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 insist upon having
the roll called through.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to inquire
what effect the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Preston] will have upon the bills not
acted upon in committee?
Mr. PRESTON. They will merely remain
upon the Calendar. At
Mr. CRAIGE. If the motion of tffe'gentleman
from Kentucky prevails, there will not be a quo-
rum to do business. But, sir, if nobody else ob-
jects to the motion, I certainly shall not
Mr. SMI FH. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to inquire whether,
by unanimous consent, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] could withdraw his call for a
division? If that could be done, it would super-
sede the necessity for calhngthe roll, and we could
; go on with the business of the committee.
■ Mr. JONES. It is too late for me to withdraw
I the call; a division has actually taken place, and
no quorum has made its apneai.ince.
| M r. HOUS I'ON. it must be perceived by this
time the impossibility of going again into com-
i mittee, if we now use. I hope gentlemen will
allow these bills to be reported to the House.
Mr.SMITH. I have withdrawn my objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then there is no objection.
These bills can be reported by unanimous con-
sent, and I hope it will be done.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the committee has no power to sus-
pend the call of the roll even by unanimous con-
sent. The rule of the House is positive upon the
subject. When the committee finds itself without
a quorum, the roll must be called. The Chair,
however, under the circumstances, will entertain
the motion that the bills which have been laid
aside be reported to the House; and then the call
of the roll may proceed, and, at the conclusion,
the hills may be reported to the House.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done, because the call of the roll will show that a
quorum is not present.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman fiorn
Tennessee object to the motion of the gentlem in
from Kentucky?
Mr. JONES. Certainly not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will then en-
tertain the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then we may, by unani-
mous consent, dispense with the calling of the
roll.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the rules of the House positively require that the
roll shall be called.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky to be,
that the committee rise, and report the bills to
the House. We cannot do one or the other prop-
eily without a quorum; but it seems to me we may
as well rise as order the bills to be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the motion to rise cannot be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, cannot the Chair put
the question now that the committee rise and re-
port the bills to the House, and then we can go
back into committee, and finish the call, if it is
necessary that it should be finished ? I hope these
bills will not be left in committee. The Chair
would expedite the business of the House by pur-
suing some course by which we could have these
bills reported. I feel a good deal of solicitude
about the matter, and I hope the Chair will enter-
tain the motion.
