80*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
For the last ten years, Mr. President, I have
urged the propriety of establishing a national
foundery. .On the 27th day of April, 1844, then
being a member of the House of Representatives,
I submitted a report from a select committee, rec-
ommending, for the reasons therein stated,the es-
tablishment of a national foundery in the district I
then had the honor to represent. Now, for the
first time, the Secretary of War has made a simi-
lar recommendation, without indicating the place.
By an act passed the 3d of March, 1853, the Sec-
retary of War was u directed to report to Con-
gress whether, in his opinion, it would not be more
economical, proper, and advisable to cause all the
arms of the u nited States to be made by contract."
The enlightened Secretary, in his recent report,
clearly shows that it would not be more " econom-
ical, proper, and advisable" to cause all the small-
arms to be made by contract, and adds:
"It is not known whether, by the use of the term 'all the
arms of the United States,' it was intended to include the
heavy guns or cannon, I will, however, lemark, that all
cannon are now made by contract, Congress having made
no provision fora national foundery; and will take this oc-
casion to recommend an appropriation for that object. The
just admixture of metals, and the easting of bronxe pieces,
require much mechanical skill, and no httle scientific at-
tainment. The examination of ores, and the casting of
iron into cannon, are subjects which have attracted much
consideration from the Ordnance Department, and present
a wide field for further investigation and experiment. The
rigid inspection which such guns now receive has improved,
and is still improving, their quality; but it i*? believed there
would be a more rapid advance m knowledge, and a higher
standard of excellence attained, if the advantage ot a na-
tional foundery were possessed."
I presume, Mr. President, in view of many
considerations, it will be admitted that if the recom-
mendation of the War Department is adopted, that
the foundery should be located at some point in the
State I have the honor in part to represent. Penn-
sylvania is the great iron producing: State of the
Union, and has oeen such since the foundation of
the Government. She is located between the divid-
ing interests of the North and the South. She has
water communication with the Northwest, West,
and Southwest, and the Atlantic; while heriuil-
roads and canals, constructed without the aid of
the General Government, penetrate every portion
of the State.
But there are other reasons why this establish-
ment should be yielded to Pennsylvania. One of
the national armories is now located at Spring-
field, Massachusetts, and the other at Harper's
Ferry, Virginia. The Eastern States will not,
therefore, claim it, nor will Virginia. For the
last few years New York has 6een so much fa-
vored by the expenditure of public moneys, and
the establishment of governmental enterprises
within her borders, that I believe that even she,
although a rival State, will act worthy of a gen-
erous rival, and yield upon this question to Penn-
sylvania. Again, there is no State in the Union
north of Mason and Dixon's line that has stood
no firmly by the constitutional righto of the South,
jand hence we look for aid upon this question to
our southern brethren.
It is proper that I should add that my opinion
remains unchanged in regard to the place that
should be selected. I believe the valley of the
Lehigh, in Pennsylvania, presents greater advant-
ages than any other place; but as there is a dif-
ference of opinion upon this point between my
colleagues in the House and myself, and as a dif-
ference of opinion is certain to prevent, success, I i
•am willing to leave the question to the Secretary
of War and a competent board of officers. I am
willing that the different points, not only on the
valley of the Lehigh, but those ulso upon the val-
leys of the Schuylkill, Susquehanna,and Juniata,
as well as places west of the Alleghany mountains,
and elsewhere throughout the State, should be
caiefullyand personally examined. Itseemstome
that no fair-minded person can object to this course.
I hope, therefore, that the resolution will be adopt-
ed, and that the committee will give the subject
that consideration which its importance demands.
Mr. PRATT. I move to strike out the latter [
clause, (( at some suitable place in the State of;
Pennsylvania." If a national foundery is to be j
established for the Government, the question I
should be left open for its selection to the com- ;
mittee of the Senate and to the Secretary of War. ;
X think Maryland would probably be as good a 1
location as Pennsylvania for such a purpose. I
theiefore move to stride out the words which I
have mentioned. j
The amendment was agreed to; and the^eso
lution, as amended, was adopted.
INJUNCTION OF SECRECY
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which I ask may now be considered:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
rules of the Senate that the injunction of secrecy shall be
removed so far as regaids the final action of the Senate on
any nominations submitted to it for confirmation, and en-
joining said injunction in relation to any debate, discussion,
or report which may have occurred m Executive session in
relation to said nominations.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose that is not a proper
resolution for open session. I understand it is a
resolution proposing to take off the injunction of
secrecy on certain nominations. v
Mr.SLlDELL. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
I will explain very briefly the object of the reso-
lution. 1 voted a few days since against the mo-
tion to lay on the table a resolution introduced by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,]
repealing altogether the rules which now exist in
relation to the obligation of secrecy as to what
may be done in Executive session. 1 think recent
experience, the experience of but a few days ago,
has demonstrated that there is no such thing as
maintaining secrecy in regard to our action upon
nominations m Executive session.
I am in favor of still retaining the injunction of
secrecy, so far as relates to any debate, discussion,
or remarks in Executive session; but I am decid-
edly opposed to retaining that injunction in rela-
tion to the action of the Senate upon nominations.
I believe the Committee on the Judiciary is the
appropriate committee to which this subject should
be referred. I think there can be no objection to
the resolution; for we are all satisfied that secrecy
in regard to our action upon nominations is a
farce.
Mr. BADGER. I heard the resolution read,
indistinctly, and I did not then understand its ex-
act purpoit. I have now no objection to it.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is a mere resolution of in-
quiry, and 1 hope it will now he considered.
Mr. BUTLER. I decline to take charge of
matters of this kind. The resolution ought to go
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, though if
it be confined to nominations, it may be perhaps
proper to refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. Do I understand the honorable Senator
to say that it is confined to nominations ?
Mr.SLlDELL. It is confined entirely to the
action of the Senate upon nominations.
Mr. BUTLER. And has no reference to treat-
ies ?
Mr.SLlDELL. None at all.
Mr. CLAYTON. I doubt very much whether
that resolution will alter the rules of the Sen- !
ate as they now stand. I think there is a great
mistake m the public mind, and even among Sen-
ators themselves, in reference to this whole matter.
There is nothing in the rules requiring secrecy
with regard to the votes of Senators upon nomin-
ations. I mean to say, that whenever a nomina- i
tion has been acted upon by the Senate, it is 1
considered, and always has been considered, per- ■
fectly competent for any member of the Senate to i
state the result of the vote. Whether the nom- i
ination is confirmed or rejected is no secret, and
never was any secret/ The only matters upon ,
which the injunction of secrecy rests are treaties, j
debates upon nominations, remaiks of Senators 1
of a personal kind with regard to the character I
and fitness of the nominees, and upon ail papers I
which the President sends here that are marked i
''confidential." I
I suppose that nobody wishes to change the rule '
as it'now stands. It is perfectly competent for a j
Senator to state whether a nomination has been 1
confirmed or not; but in reference to commumca- '
tions from the Executive marked " confidential," :
I trust no one desires to remove the injunction of !
secrecy. So, too, in regard to treaties; no one de- !
sires to change the rule in respect to them. The !
common idea that everything that we do in Ex- '
ecutive session is covered by some injunction of j
secrecy is an entire error. J, of course, do not i
object to the resolution going to the committee, but i
I cannot see how any essential change will be '
made by the committee. |
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I think my- |
&elf n would be a very great improvement upon i
the rules of the Senate if we were to allow the i
reporters, as sworn officers of the body, to be in
Executive session when we are acting upon nom-
inations made by the President. Then, when we
choose to remove the injunction of secrecy, the
debate which may have taken place upon a nom-
ination can also go out to the country with the vote
which we have given. I am desirous that every
vote which I may give upon Executive appoint-
ments shall be known to the country; but I often-
times desire that the country should also be put
in possession of the facts and the reasons why I
voted as I may have done.
Now, sir, this cannot be obtained, in my judg-
ment, except by the introduction of reporters into
Executive session. If they were to be sworn
officers of the Senate, the same injunction of se-
crecy which operates upon us would also apply
to them; and whenever we saw proper to remove
that injunction, the debates which may have taken
place upon the nomination with the vote, could go
out to the country. As the case stands at present,
the country can determine nothing upon our votes,
and often great injustice may be done to Senators
here, because the reasons which operated upon
their minds are* not submitted along with their
votes. I desire, in all cases, that whatever I may
say with regard to any Executive appointment
should be known to the country. I am willing
thst they should know the manner in which I
vote, and 1 am equally anxious that they should
know the reasons which operated upon my mind
in the giving of that vote.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I recollect that
at the last legislative session of the Senate, when
we were in Executive meeting, a report was read
to the Senate which had been made many years
ago. in Executive session upon this subject—a
report, I think, made by Mr. Hayne, of South
Carolina.
Mr. CLAYTON. - Yes, sir.
Mr. BADGER. The Senate directed the in-
junction of secrecy to be removed from that re-
port, and ordered that it, should be printed. I
have never seen anything of it since, and'do not
know whether it has been printed or not. I think
that if it were here it would throw a good deal of
light upon this subject. I would suggest to the
Senator from Louisiana,having no sort of objec-
tion to the adoption of this resolution, whether
under the suggestion thrown out it would not be
better to frame it somewhat in this way: thai
the Judiciary Committee be directed to examine
whether any alteration should be made in the rule
of the Senate upon the subject of proceeding in
Executive session, and if any, what?
Mr. WELLER. I should prefer that.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would accept that amend-
ment with great pleasure. 1 think, however, the
Senator from Delaware does not understand pre-
cisely the object of my resolution; and perhaps I
am altogether mistaken as to what are supposed
to be the obligations of Senators. It is very clear
that we have a right to say that such a nomina-
tion has been confirmed, or that such a one has
been rejected. Perhaps we might go further, and
say it was confirmed or rejected by so many votes.
It is also understood that each individual Senator
has a right to say how he voted; but I certainly have
been laboring undervery great misapprehension, if
it be the general sense of the Senate that any Sen-
ator has a right to say in public how any qther
Senator has voted in Executive session upon a
nomination. That is the point at which I wish
to arrive. Experience shows that there is really
no secrecy: and I do not choose to be trammeled
by obligations which others do not observe. We
saw the other day, with regard to an appointment,
in reference to which there was a great deal of in-
terest excited, and to which the public attention
was very much directed, that the rule had no effect.
I met a gentleman the next morning, and in con-
versing with him, he told me how every Senator
had voted.
I had supposed, myself, that it was i.icumbcnt
upon me to keep the vote of every other Senator
secret. If I am wrong in that impression, thea
my resolution is useless. If we have a right to
say how each person has voted in the Senate, then
I am satisfied with the rule as it stands, if that be
not the case, I think an amendment is imperatively
calied for.
Mr.BA DGER. I have the report now to which
I just refeued, and which has been piinred. Ac-
cording to the view entertained by the committee
