1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the motion cannot be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. Cannot the call be with-
drawn by unanimous consent? We are all anx-
ious that these bills should be reported.
Tne CHAIRMAN. It cannot.
Mr. LILLY. I would inquire if we cannotgo
into the House, and, by unanimous consent,
again go into committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the call of the roll must proceed.
The call was then concluded.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Hen-
dricks] reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had had sundry bills upon the Private Cal-
endar under consideration, and having found it-
seif without a quorum, had caused the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the facts to
the Ilouse with the names of the absentees.
The following is the list of absentees.
Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Hanks, Barksdale, Barry, Bell,
Bennett, Benton. Hi&sell, Bht-s, Boeouk, Boyce, Bieekm-
ndge, Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell, Cat penter, Oarulh
cis, ChdM:, Cljasidui, Chrhman, Chmchwell, Clark, Cing-
man, Colquitt, Cook, Convin, Cox, Crocker, Ouilom,
Oumming, Curtis, Cutting,Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dent,
J)e Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunbar, Dun-
ham, Eddy,Edmands,Etimund«on,Thomas D. Eliot, John
M. Elliott, Ellison, Etherise, Eveihart, Ewirig. Fenton,
Flagler,Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Goode.Goodrich,Gieen,
Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Jlarlfcti,
Hump-on W. Hatris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hastings,
Ilibii.nd, Hiestei, Hill, flillyei, Howe, Hunt, [uger&oll, J.
Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kuhvell, Kittredge, Lamb, Lane,
Latham, Lilly, Lindley, Liud-Iey, Lyon, McDougall,
Mace, Macy, Alatteson, Maunee, May, Mavall, Meachain,
Middle-uvarth, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Old-, Andrew Oli-
ver, Moideeai Oliver, Orr, I'eck, Peekliam, Bishop I'eikms,
John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Ready, Kcp&e, Rich-
ardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas IJifehey, Rogers,
JRus-seil, Sage, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Sim-
mons, Samuel A. SiiiiUi, Willi.uu It. Smith, Snudgrass,
Solier*, Predeuek P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander ii. Stephens, Strattoo, Andievv Stuart, David Pfnart,
John J. Tavjor, Thuiston, Traev, Tmnt. Tweed. Vail,
Van-ant, Wulbndge, Walkei, Walley, Walsh, Warren,
Israel Was-hbum, Wells, John Wenuvoith, Wustinook,
Daniel B. Wiight, Hendriek B. Wright, ifates. and Zolli-
cotlVr.
The SPEAKER announced that seventy-three
members, less than a quorum, had answered to
their names
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion, and let us adopt some
method by which we can get these bills out of
committee.
Mr. KERR. Very well, I will withdraw the
motion, if thegentleman thinks he can accomplish
anything; by it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask the Chair whether
it is not competent for the chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole to so amend his report as to
report to the House the bills which he had been
ordered so to report? I eubmit that when bills
have been laid aside by order of the Committee
of the Whole to he reported to the House, that it
is the duty of the chairman of the committee to
report them to the House. It is true that when
the committee rose it had found itself without a
quorum; but it is also true that these bills were
ordered to be reported to the House when a quo-
rum of the committee was present. I ask, there-
fore, that the report of the chairman of the com-
mittee may be so amended as to report the bills
which have been ordered by the Committee of the
"Whole to be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Committee of the Whole, when a quorum was
present, ordered a variety of bills to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that they do
pass. The Chair decides that that report cannot
be made under the present circumstances. The
rule of the House is positive, that when the com-
mittee finds itself without a quorum, the roll must
be called, and the chairman must report the ab-
sentees to the House. That is the only report
that can be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the precise point to
winch I desire to call the Soeaker's attention. Does
the fact of a rule of this House devolving on the
chairman of a Committee of the Whole House
the duty to make a certain report, destroy the or-
der of the committee, which directs him to report
these bills to the House? It is cumulative, to me
a legal expression,and does iiot preclude the other.
imt
This is an additional report, which the rules re-
quire if, on a call of .the roll, no quorum be found
present. The other report is not thereby excluded
because that was ordered by the committee when
there was a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say, in reply,
that it requires a quorum to do any business. No
quorum was present in the committee, and that
fact was reported to the House. The rule pre-
scribes that the chairman of a Committee of the
Whole House, when it finds itself without a quo-
rum, shall report that fact to the House. The
Chair has no doubt that when there was a quorum
a Committee of the W^hole House did order cer-
tain bills to be reported to the House; but it re-
quires a quorum of the committee, as well as of
the House, to do business. The report cannot be
made, in the opinion of the Cha'r.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a right
way to do business, and it is within our power to
do so. If gentlemen order a call of tiie House, and
bring absent members here, we can do business,
and do it correctly.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair is
based on the idea that a quorum is necessary for
the discharge of any business in a Committee of
the Whole House. Without a quorum no busi-
ness can be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want the Chair or
anybody else, to be under the impression that I
hold the opinion that either the House itself or a
Committee of the Whole can do business without
a quorum. All I asked was, thatbusiness already
transacted in a Committee of the Whole House
should be presented to the House. To do that no
quorum is necessary. The chairman does that.
It H his own act, and he only does as he was or-
dered to do by the committee when there was a
quorum.
Mr. McNAIR. How is this report to be mad'?
if it cannot be made now? By whom is ft to be
made, snd when?
The SPEAKER. By a call of the House, and
the gentleman has a plain answer.
Mr. SKELTON. Letusadjouin. This business
can be done in a very few minutes on Monday.
Mr. JONES, of T ennessee. If it goes over to
Monday it will not be touched at all in all proba-
bility.
Mr. R0BB1NS. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, if the House now resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, it would not be
competent to report to the House the bills acted on
to-day in committee?
The SPEAKER. If by any test made, it is
shown that a quorum is present, it is competent
for the House to ijo into a Committee of the
Whole House and do business; but without a quo-
rum no business can be done.
[Cries of let us have a call of the House!]
Mr. JONES. 1 move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. If the House
now adjourn, m what condition shall we leave
these bills ?
The SPEAKER, in statu quo.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, if the House now
adjourn, can the chairman of a Committee of the
Whole House report these bills to the House when
a quorum may be present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, un-
less, indeed, the House shall "resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw the motion for a moment, in
order to allow me to ask the Chair a question.
Mr. ROWE. I will withdraw it.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the Chair whether
it will be in order on Monday to go into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and if so, if we can-
not go right into the House again and act upon
the bills reported by the committees?
Mr. HOCfSTON. There is already a motion
pending to suspend the rules, which comes up on
next Monday, and which will take precedence of
everything; else.
Mr. SPEAKER. In answer to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Henn,] the Chair will say, that
there are various motions that may be made which
will take precedence of the motion he suggests. It
is competent for a majority of the House to set
aside those various motions, and go into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House upon the Private Cal-
endar, and when they have done so, Mving a.r^a-i
jority, they may report therr action to the House*
but not without a-majority. According to-the re^
port of the chairman, there is bo quorum present
that can do business, as- there are only seventy-two
feentlemen present. ,
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Chair. It seems to me that the labor that
has been performed here to-day will not beloeU*
On Monday, if there should be a desire on the
part of the House, a resolution can be.mtrodueed",
directing the chairman of a Committee of the
Whole House to report the action of to-day up to
the time that the committee found itself without
a quorum.
The SPEAKER, The Chair*1 again repeats
that it is not competent for a Committee of the
Whole House, or the House, to do business
i without a quorum. It may be, and the .Chair,has
| no doubt such is the fact, that a majority being
present, the committee did order various bills to
be reported. But, finally, the committee, was-
found to b/ without a quorum, and, under a
special rule, the chairman of the committee was
bound, even if there was a unanimous wish to the
contrary, to report that fact to the House. That
fact is reported. Seventy-two members only are
present, and the Chair decides that no business
can be done when there is less than a quorum
present. It is competent for the House on Mon-
day, or any other day, when they have a majority,
jj if it be their will, to reach the object, by going
\\ into a Committee of the Whole House, and re-
I1 porting theirproueedingsof to-day. Therecan be
], no difficulty about it, if gentlemen will only give
ij their consent to this course.
j! Mr. HAVEN. I move that this House do
if now adjourn, for the purpose of taking action
-j upon these bills on Monday. ;
Mr. McNAIR demanded tellers; which were
ordered ; and Messrs. McNajr and Appleto#
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 29, noes 43.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Jones fs motion for
a call of the House ; which was agreed to.
The roll was called, and the following members
failed to answer to their names :
Mc^rs, Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen, A*he, David
J. .Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Hall, Ranks, Barksdale,
Bariy, Hell, Bennett, Benton, Bi«?*ell, Bliss. Bocoek,
Boyee, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Bugs;, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruth<;rs, Chandler, Chase, Chastam, Ohsis-
inan, Cliurclivvell, Clark, Chngman, Colquitt, Cook, Cor-
win. Cox, Cnllom, Cummins:. Curtis, Cutting, Thomas
Davis, Dawson, Dent, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Drum,Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmunds,
Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
Etheridfje, Everhart, Ewwig, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,
Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode Goodrich,
<?reen, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J, Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harries, Wiley P Hams, Harrison, Hastings, llib-
bard, Iliester, Hill, Uilljer, ITurit, Fngersoll, Daniel T.
Jone\. J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kid well. Kittredge, Lamb,
Lane,'Latham,'Letcher, Lindley, Lindt-iey, Lyon, MeDou-
i gall, >Iace, Matte.son, Maurice, May, Meacham, Muldle-
1 swaith, Morgan, Murray, Noble, Norton, Olds, Andrew
, Oliver, MordeecU Oliver. Orr, Parker, Peek, Peckham,
! Bi-hop Perkins, John Perkins, Phillips. Powell, Pratt,
! lu*ady, Rcoo, Richardson, Riddle, Dnvid itilehie, Thomas
i StiicnVy, Roguis, llu&fcel^Sage, Snward, Seymour, Shower,
l'Simuion-5, Singleton, Skeltou, Samuel A. Smith, William
I R. SpiitIi, Soilfis, Frederick P. Sfanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Alex<mdei H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub,
! John J. Tavlor, Tracy,Tweed, Vail, Vansam, Wtibridge,
| W.tikHi. Wallev, Walsh, Warren,Israel Wa&hburn,Wells,
! John Wenlworth, Weetbruok, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
! Ilendnek B. Wright, Yates and Zollicoifer.
Air. KNOX. I move that the House do now
j adjourn.
i Mr. FLORENCE. On that motion I ask for
j the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were not ordered.
I The questiou was taken; and Mr. Knox's mo-
! tion was not agreed to.
j Mr. McMCJLLlN. I presume that there can
! be no difficulty on Monday next of getting all
these bills on the Private Calendar, that have been
i ordered to be reported to the House passed, in
1 that view, I move to dispense with the further call
| of the House, with the intention of moving to ad-
; journ.
! Mr. FLORENCE. Will it not require a two*
, third vote to proceed to the consideration of the
: Private Calendar on Monday?
i The SPEAKER. It may not require a two-
i third vote. There are various other matters that
