1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
which made this report, it is very clear, I think, :
that what has been stated by the Senator from
Louisiana is correct. So I have always under-
stood the rule, that though a Senator has a right
to state his own vote, he has no right to state the
vote of any other Senator without his consent.
The part of the report which refers to it is this:
il So far as this rule embraces 1 information* given, or
1 remarks*' made, there can be no difficulty. But it may be
ask ed whether any injunction of secrecy is imposed by this
rule.
u 1st. In relation to the fact that an individual has been
nominated to any office before the nomination has been
acted on.
" 2d In relation to the confirmation or rejection of tuck
nomination.
" 3d. In relation to the state of the vote by which such
rejection or confirmation has taken place
44 4th- Tn relation to the vnt.e-i of individual members of
the Senate on such nomination.
"That the words of the rule do not impose, secrecy in any
of the throe first named cases, can hardly admit of a doubt;
and it s>eems equailySclear that they are not embraced
within the reason ofthe^lle. The only point that can he
considered at all doubtful, is whether a disclosure of the
vole of any individual member of the Senate does not come
withm the reason of the rule which foibids the disclosuie
of 1 the remarks' of any member touching the character
and qualifications of any perc-on nominated by the Presi-
dent. A note, though not, strictly speaking, a remark, is
clearly the expression of an opinion ; and if the former
ought to be kept secret, so ought the latter. On the whole,
thcrefoie, the committee are of opinion that, in addition
to keeping secret all' remarks on the character and qualifi-
cations of persons nominated,' the votes of individual mem-
bers must also be kept seciet. Though they think that this
rule otight not to prevent a gentleman from making known
lus own individual vote on such nomination, taking care to
keep secret the votes of others."
Mr. CLAYTON. I have only to say, in regard
to that report, that I remember well when it was
presented here. I think it was never adopted—
never acted upon. It was a report made by a very-
able committee; and the principles contained in it
have governed the Senate, so far as my knowledge
of its course extends. The Senator from Louisi-
ana was right in saying it has been understood
that a Senator is not at liberty to mention the
votes of other Senators; and that understanding
has grown out of that portion of the report which
has been read by the Senator from North Carolina.
It might, however, admit of a doubt, whether
the construction given in the report and theremarks
of the Senator be a fair one or not. It is rather a
strange interpretation, I humbly submit, to con-
tend that the vote oraction comes within the same
provision as the remarks. However, this has
been the understanding, and Senators have gener-
ally conformed to it; and what has been the result?
Every man has related to everybody who asked
him, as soon as he came out of the Senate Cham-
ber, what his own vote was, and consequently it
was very easy to ascertain what the votes of all
were; so that there has riot been any secrecy at
all in relation to the actual votes of Senators upon
nominations; not has thee been any secrecy in
regard to the votes of Senators upon treaties.
Each man being at liberty to say how he voted,
it was ascertained very soon how all voted.
I am very willing that the question shall go to the
Committee on the Judiciary, as the Senator from
Louisiana desires; and I trust they will have the
report made in 1830 under their consideration, if
it be necessary to alter the rules of the Senate,
and make a report to that eflect; but I very much
doubt whether any amendment is necessary to the
rUMr. BTJTLER. The report which the Senator
from North Caiolina has referred to and read, was
before this body, I think, no longer ago than the
last session.
Mr. B 'VDGER. In Executive session.
Mr. BUTLER. In Executive session last year.
I recollect the remarks of Senators then, and the
decision of the Senate. 1 am perfectly willing
that the resolution should go to the committee; but
I think the general opinion was, that the subject
should not be further discussed or acted upon
know it depends upon each one's sense oi pro-
priety as to whether that shall be the case. 1 agree
with the Senator from Louisiana, that I have nere-
tofore regarded myself as under an obligation to
the suggestion which I made? I should be very
glad to hear if it meets his approbation.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have determined to modify
the resolution, in accordance with the suggestion,
so that it will read as follows:
Resolved, 'I'llat tile Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to inquire whether any additional lule, or amend-
ment of the existing rules, in relation tn the proceedings of
the Senate in Executive session, be necessary ; and it', m
their opinion, any such 1 ule or amendment be necei-sary, to
report such rule nr amendment to the Senate.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to secure the rights of
citizenship to children of citizens of the United
States born out of the limits thereof, reported
back the same with an amendment.
He also submitted a report on the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to constitute
Palatka and Bayport, in the State of Florida,
ports of delivery, respectively, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the president of the
' " Accessory Transit Company," asking the en-
actment of a iavv to enable that company to hold
title to any steamers or ships that may be neces- I
sary to enable said company to transport passen- |
gers and freight between the ports of the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, reported a bill to authorize the
issue of registers to vessels owned by the Acces-
sory Transit Company; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the memo-
rial of John C. F. Salomon, praying an act of
incorporation for the purpose of supplying the
cities of Washington and Georgetown with pure
water, asked to be 'discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committpeon the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the peti-
tion of L. P. Holladay & Co., praying to be
allowed to build an hotel upon one of the public
lots, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof; which was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Harriet
H. Saunders, widow of Camillus Saunders, an
officer of the revenue service, who was lost on
board the cutter Hamilton, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr.STUART presented thememorial of Joseph
Smith, assignee of a certain land warrant, asking
the right to locate the quantity of land therein de-
scribed; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of the
mayor and aldermen of the city of Milwaukie,
relative to the mode of expending money appro-
priated for the harbor of that city; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a presentment of the grand jury of the
United States, for the district of Wisconsin, rep-
! resenting- the necessity of providing suitable build-
i ings forthe custom-house, post office, and courts
| in°the city of Milwaukie: which was referred to
I the Committee on the Judiciary.
1 Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Abra-
ham Boileau, one of the grandchildren of Amable j
Boileau,an officer m the army of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed commutation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of Hackensack, New Jersey,
praying the erection of a monument over the re-
mains of Brigadier General Enoch Poor, of New
Hampshire; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Sarah
L. Hine, widow of E. C. Hine, an officer of the
who was lost on
United States revenue service,
keep seciet wnat otners imvemuu   , Hamilton, preym* a pension;
I may have been at liberty to say how voted |, boaid on^laims.'
If the Senator insists upon his resolution, - a CLAYTON presented a memorial of citi-
to the ron'nnttee. 1 " ~ '  
Mr. SEIDELL. I prefer that it should go to
the committee  ,
Mr. BADGER. 1 should like to know from j
the Senator from Louisiana whether he adopts I
zens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, pravmg
a modification of 'he late bounty land law; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to pass no law for the extension of slavery
m the territory from which it was excluded by
the Missouri compromise act; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Ellen Mar-
tin, praying that the commutation pay to which
Francis Martin was entitled, for services during
the revolutionary war, may be paid to his grand-
children, or legal vepreRentntives; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That tin; petition and papers relating to the
claim of Joseph Sanfacon and others, of Michigan, he
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Catherine Crosby and
the representatives of Thomas D. Anderson be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That Ann Dodd have Jeave to withdraw her
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William D. and Julia Acker*
he withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Robert Sewaii have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers-
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Cl'erk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill to cede to
the State of Illinois that portion of the Cumber-
land road lying withm that State, in which they
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
VERMONT SENATORS HIP*
| On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, affirming
the right of the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps to retain
his seat in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] is entitled to the floor on this
question.
Mr. BAYARD. Before I proceed to the discus-'
sion of the question before the Senate this morning,
I desire to state that the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Williams,] one of the
majority of the committee in reporting the resolu-
tion, has stated to me that it is his desire to make
a very few remarks in explanation of the report
of the majority. I cheerfully yield the floor to
the Senator for that purpose, with the understand-
ing, of course, that I shall proceed when he has
concluded.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to enter into the discussion of the
resolution before the Senate. That is safely
and more properly left with others. As a mem-
ber of the committee reporting the resolution,
I desire merely to correct some inaccuracies which
appear in the adverse report presented by the
minority of the committee. It is stated in that
report, that the majority of the committee ask
that the words " until the next meeting of the
Legislature" shall he construed to mean beyond
the next meeting of the Legislature. Now, so
far from asking this construction of the words
referred to, it is contended by the majority of
the committee, that these words have no relation
| whatever to the case before us, orany reference or
i respect whatever to the time or duration of office,
I hut are limited in their application to the time in
; which appointments can be made by the Execu-
,1 tive. The clause in the Constitution which pro-
!j vides i' that if vacancies happen by death, resigna-
; i tion, or otherwise, during the recess of the Legisia-
II ture of any State, the Executive thereof may make
■! temporary appointments until the next meeting of
i the Legislature, which shall then fill such vncan-
!| cv "has attracted the attention oi statesmen of
;i much ability and purity of purpose, and has re-
ceived from them,ever since the organization of
|i our Government, very different constructions.
11 The words contained in this clause are ofdoubtful
and equivocal import, not haling that clear and
' definite meaning which pre.',ludes misconstruction
and difference of interpretation. Some supposa
they contain a limitation on the power of appoint-
/
