1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
of the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill. '
Tiie CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, the pending question was on an
amendment offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, (Mr. Wentworth,] and that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith! was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, rose to address the
committee on the subject of the Nebraska-Kansas
bill. He rejoiced from the bottom of his heart
that there was some indication to repair a great
wrong which had been perpetrated on the South;
and expressed his surprise and astonishment that
gentlemen from that section of the country were
to be found in opposition to this measure.
After reviewing the origin of slavery, he pro-
ceeded to prove the unconstitutionality of the Mis-
souri compromise, which he denied had brought
peace to the country. On the contrary, from the
period of its enactment up to the present time,
there had been no repose. The prohibition of
3820 did not originate in a love of humanity and
justice, but in an ambitious desire for political
power. This was the motive of its originators.
He then adverted to the Journals to show thata
majority of the southern members of the House
voted against the restriction of 36° 30'; and de-
sired to know, in view of this fact, how gentlemen
could say that the South imposed this restrictive
feature on the North ?
Mr. S.,in his remarks, (which have been with-
held for revision,) alluded, in terms of censuie, to
the course of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
DIJv'GS.]
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BARRY said he came hither entertaining
the opinion that we live under a constitutional
Government, but he had been told that we have
compromises equally obligatory and binding upon
us as the Constitution itself, lie repudiated the
idea that this is a Government of compromises; it
is a Government of the Constitution; and that
portion of the country which receives less, or asks
more than the Constitution guaranties, is faithless
to the trust under which it lives, or to the Consti-
tution itself. He then argued the unconstitution-
ality of the Missouri act of 1H20, insisting that it
had been violated over and over again.
Mr. B. having concluded, (a report of whose
speech will be found in the Appendix,)
Several Members claimed the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Oi.iveu] has the floor.
Mr. OLIVER. If it be the plensure^of the
committee—as I do not myself particularly desire
to speak this evening—1 would wish that my
friend from New York [Mr. [itn.nr>] may lip
permitted to make his speech now. If so, I will
yield him the floor for that purpose, with the
understanding that I am to get tt to-morrow
morning.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman from New York is at liberty to
proceed.
Mr. HUGHES took the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from New York to yield me the floor
for the purpose of making a personal explanation
in reply to some remarks'made by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. HUGHES. 1 am certainly willing to
yield when the request is put in this way,"as a
matter of personal explanation. But I trust the
time that may be consumed by the gentleman
from Ohio will not be taken out of my hour
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, no. I trust not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is now at liberty to make his personal explanation
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr Chairman, any pei-
sonal explanation from me comes with pain on
all occasions 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.')
Will the gentleman from Ohio peimitme to make
a suggestion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have the floor myself
only for a few minutes.
Mr. BAYLY. I merely wish to make this sug-
gestion, and f trust the gentleman from Ohio will
notdeem it discourteous in me to do so. My col-
league who spoke this morning, and to whom the
gentleman from Ohio wishes to respond, is not
now in the House. I hope therefore lie will post- ji
pone his explanation till to-morrow. n
■ Mr. GIDDINGS. Very well; be it so. I
I should certainly wish the gentleman from Vir-
j gima to be present, and I supposed he was here.
I 1 will take occasion, however, to say to the com-
i mittee that I did not intend to reply to the remarks
| of that gentleman, nor would 1 but for his per-
i sonal attack on me. I will not occupy more than
eight or ten minutes in the morning at furthest:
and 1 hope the committee will extendrne that time
to-morrow.
Several Members. Oh, yes; certainly,
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hushes] has the floor, and only
yielded it to the gentleman from Ohio for a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. W ENT WORTH. Then I ask that gen-
tleman to yield me the floor that I may make a
motion foi the committee to rise.
Mr. HUGHES. I got the floor on the under-
standing that I was to go on now.
Mr. WENTWORTH. But you can have it
to-morrow.
Several Members. No, no; let him go on now.
Mr. HUGHES then addressed the committee
duimg his hour in opposition to the Nebraska
bill.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SAPP obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman, [Mr.
Chandler,] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, had had the
Union geneially under consideration, and particu-
larly House bill No. 27i, " to supply deficiencies
m the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1854," and the amend-
ments of the Senate to said bill, and had come to j
no resolution thereon. i
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., then-Sec-
retary, requesting that the House would return to
that body Senate bill No. 352, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to grant the right of
preemption to certain purchasers and settlers on
the Maison Rouge Grant, in the event of the final,
ailju ication of the title in favor of the United
States,' " approved July 27, 1852.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hone by
unanimous consent the Clerk will be directed to
return the bill.
The Sl'EAKRR. If there be no objection, it
will be so ordered.
The!e was no objection, and the Clerk was or-
dered to return the bill to the Senate.]
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon, at five minutes past four o'clock,
p. m., the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jipril 28, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Hrnry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the War Department, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of 2J December last, " that the Secre-
tary of War be requested to furnish the House of '
Representatives, as soon as piactirable, with a ;
copy of the report, estimates, and maps of the
survey of the road from Mendota to the Big Sioux
river," submitting the report of the Colonel of
.topographical Engineers, inclosing the papers ;
called for; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed. |
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the '
House to report a hill from the Committee on in- |
lyiU1 f j'£Urs> to re'erret' to the Committee of !
the Whole on the stateof the Union, and printed, j
it is territorial business, and it is necessary that I
it should be pnnted at once, as it will come up for !
action next week. . i
There being" no objection, the bill was received, j
read a first and second time by its title, as follows, I
| referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union, and ordered to be printed;
A bill to authorize the President to c=iuse to be
surveyed the tract of land in the Territory of
Minnesota, belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other purposes.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day, but
there being no private bills upon the table, and in
the absence of a motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole House, the following bill is under
consideration: " A bill granting lands equally to
the several States to aid m the construction of rail-
roads, and for the support of schools." The im-
mediate question before the House with regard to
it is on the moiion of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Perkins,] that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. ROGERS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Louisiana to withdraw his motion, m order that
I may have an opportunity of addressing the House
to-day.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I will with-
draw the motion to gratify the gentleman from
North Carolina,; but 1 give notice that I shall insist,
as far as I can, on the postponement of this bill
until the return of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DiSNEY. I fee! no disposition to trespass
upon the patience of the gentleman from North
Carolina, or of the House; but I desire to have
an opportunity to finish the very incomplete re-
marks which 1 submitted yesteiday, and which I
was prevented from finishing then by the expira-
tion of my hour. I feel sure that I have a gieat
many farts and argument to present, which I am
sfliislied would save the Ilouse and the country a
I gieat deal of labor in the investigation of this
i subject.
Mr. ROGERS. 1 must decline, under the cir-
cumstances, to yield the floor to the gentleman
fiom Ohio. I have my reasons for desiring to
addiess the House to-day.
Mr. EDGERTON. i should like to inquire if
the debate upon this bill is confined to the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ROGERS spoke during the morning hour
, in suppoit of the bill, believing that the old States
had suffered great injustice by the unequal distri-
I bution of the public domain. He believed that
a distribution to all the States equally, such as
was proposed by the bdi under consideration,
would piomote justice and constitutional equality,
[The speech will be found iu the Appendix.]
Mr. HAMILTON next obtained the floor.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire of the
Chair how long: before the morning hour expires?
The SPEAKER. About twelve minutes.
Mr. EDGERTON W the gentleman from
Maryland will yield for that purpose, I will move
that the House go into committee.
Mr. HAMILTON. I yield for that motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
Chair if this is objection day?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ORR. i give notice that if the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio does not prevail, I will
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
Houae resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I understand
this is objection day, and we shall accomplish but
little by going into Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is objection day,and
there are no bills of any consequence upon the
Private Calendar to object to. Next Friday is
also objection day: so that nothing will be lost by
passing: over the Private Calendar until next week.
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate upon the deficiency
bill terminates, by the order of the House, on Tues-
day next; hut virtually it terminates to-morrow;
for the consideration of a special order commences
on Monday, and will override the deficiency bill.
If the committee de?ermineto go on with the gen-
eral debate upon that bill, I hope they will go into
committee, and do so now, as T shall object, on
Monday, to the postponement of the special order.
Unless the House shall sit to-morrow, this is the
only remaining day for such debate.
