306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
at the city of Wheeling. She went into the courts
of law, and there procured a decree declaring that
bridge a nuisance, and ordering it to be removed.
This Houseand the Federal Government exercised
its power, and declared the bridge a " post road,"
and thereby preserved it; and let me say to Vir-
ginia, that it was the power of Congress, thus ex-
ercised in relation to the transportation of the mails
of the United States, that saved that structure.
And now these gentlemen say that the Govern-
ment of the United States, though it may have the
power to establish post routes, has no power to
protect the mails by punishing those who obstruct
them. We have the right, according to this doc-
trine, to build custom-houses in the city of New
York or in the city of Cincinnati—for that sub-
ject was up yesterday—we have the right to pur-
chase the ground, to get materials, and to build
elegant edifices, and yet we have no power here to
punish the man who would apply the torch at
midnight and destroy the edifices we have erected.
I hold to the doctrine that the Federal Govern-
ment, if it have the power to build custom-houses,
has the power to protect them; if it have the power
to transport the mails, it has the power to protect
the mails. And this bill, so far from seeking to
apply a rule to the city of Erie alone, is a bill
which provides generally that any person who
shall obstruct the mails, unless such obstruction—
and I call the attention of honorable gentlemen to
this reading of it—unless such obstruction be made
by virtue of competent legal authority, shall be
punished. So that if one of his Erie friends—if
one of the thousand or ten thousand, who run at
midnight when the bells ring to tear up the track,
thereby obstructing the United States mails, and
endangering the lives of the people who are pass-
ing over that road—if he does it by virtue of legal
authority—he cannot be held criminally guilty
underthis law. It is, after all, a question of law,
which must be submitted to the judicial tribunals.
Mr. STRAUB. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question >
Mr. CAMPBELL. Any question.
Mr. STRAUB. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the proposition to interfere upon
the subject to which the gentleman is now direct-
ing his remarks, was not brought before the Ohio
Legislature, and whether that Legislature did or
did not refuse to act in the premises ? And if
they did refuse, will he be kind enough to tell us
the reason ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I confess that I am not
very fully posted as to the proceedings of the
Ohio Legislature, for the reason, which I give
very frankly, that 1 have not the very highest
degree of respect for what they may do; and I
have seen some things recently, from that quar-
ter, which confirms me in my disposition to pay
but little regard to what they may do. [Laughter.]
I do not know that they have anything to do ,
with this subject at all. I can tell the gentleman ;
what he will find the Ohio Legislature disposed to ]
do. I observed, the other day, that the Legisk-1
ture of Pennsylvania repealed the charter of the j
Franklin Canal Company, thereby obstructing the j
connection between the Atlantic and the West.
Such a bill has passed both branches of the Penn- j
sylvania Legislature. I do not dispute the right j
of Pennsylvania to repeal that charter if it sees fit,
but 1 repeat what I said the other day on this sub- :
ject of repealing charters, that if Pennsylvania is :
disposed togo'into this business, I have no doubt
that the radical Democracy of Ohio, now sitting
in the Legislature, are ready to take their part in
playing that game.
But this has nothing To do with the question be-
fore the House. The question now is, as to the
power of the Federal Government to protect the i
mails of the United States. This bill has come |
from your Committee on the Post Office and Post 1
Roads  ! |
Mr. STRAUB, (interrupting.) I desire to pro- J
pound another question to the gentleman. I was |
not in the House yesterday when this bill was
read  ! j
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is not my fault. The i
gentleman ought to have been here. ;
Mr. STRAUB. The proposition, as I under- |
stand it, will amount to this: Pass this bill, and [
then you have at once your General Government ,!
and your State government at issue.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is that all? j'
Mr. STRAUB. Another thing. j;
Mr. CAMPBELL. The whisky insurrection
was another thing.
Mr. STRAUB. I wish to ask this question:
whether, if you pass this bill, the Constitution
will not be violated in this respect—that a man who
may choose, out of any ill will or malice, to inter-
fere—by burning down a bridge, if you please—
cannot be tried twice ? whether, under the General
Government, you do not try him; and under the
judicial powers of the State you do not try him
again ? Where are your State rights ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thegentleman'sargument
against legislation, to wit, that he was not in the
House when this bill was read twice, has not a
great deal of force, if he means, by the suggestion
proposed, that we shall not legislate to protect a
great national interest like this, if he is absent.
Again, he says that there is danger that a man
will be tried twice. I do not apprehend any such
danger. There is nothing in this bill which is
calculated, in any manner, to violate the Constitu-
tion. As I said before, there is an express clause
in the bill, which provides thatno man shall be pun-
ished for obstructing the mail, who acts by virtue
of competent legal authority; so that, if Pennsyl-
vania asserts her sovereignty in this particular
instance, and the power of her State enactments,
the whole question goes, where it ought to go,
before the judicial tribunals of the land.—and an
Erie mob could not be sent to the penitentiary,
under this bill, so long as the question was pend-
ing before such tribunals.
Immediate protection should be afforded in this
case. There is danger in delay. People represent-
ing the great commercial interests of the West, as
well as the Atlantic coast, are awaiting, with deep
anxiety, national legislation upon this subject. If
we are tardy—if we refuse to protect an interest
like this—if we leave this bill in the great vortex of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, although I have a great and strong faith in
the law-abiding spirit of those people who have
been holding meetings in reference to this subject,
at Chicago, Cleveland, and other places, yet I am
not prepared to say that there will not rise up a
power there that will make an effort to protect its
interests, without asking any legislation. It seems
to me that this measure ought to be passed imme-
diately, and therefore I move the previous ques-
tion. Before doing so, 1 will yield for a moment
to my colleague, [Mr. Taylor,] who wishes to ask
a question of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish simply to
make an inquiry of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Officg and Post Roads.
[Cries of " I object!"]
I would then ask my colleague the question,
because I wish to get at the facts in this matter
I wish to know, in opposition to the views of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Straub,]
whether we are not acting under petitions in rela-
tion to the obstruction of the United States mails
at Erie, and whether such petitions are not on file'
Mr. CAMPBELL. In reply to the question of
my colleague, I will say that I have myself re-
ceived numerous petitions, and that I.have re-
ceived the proceedings of various public meetings,
some of which have been piesented to this House,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Pon Roads; and upon these petitions and
proceedings I understand this report has been 1
based. ,
Mr. OLDS. I will say (hat the report was based '
principally upon the petition of  ,
Mr. STRAUB. I rise to a question of order. !
I wish to know whether one gentleman has the
right to demand the previous question 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not done it yet.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio to have demanded the pre-
vious question, but to have withdrawn it, and !
yielded to his colleague for explanation. ' 1
Mr. STRAUB. How is it, then, if the Speaker j
please to answer, that the gentleman from Ohio
has the right to pick out his men and say who !
shall speak, and who shall not speak? !
Ihe SPEAKER. He cannot do that; but the '
gentleman has the right to yield the floor to others
for explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propound this •
question to the Chair: Is it competent for a gen-
tleman occupying the floor to yield it except for 1
personal explanation; or has he the right to yield it ;
for explanation of the measure under considera-
tion? If he may yield it for the latter purpose, it
opens the whole question to debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will obviate all difficulty
in the matter, by propounding, while I am upon
the floor, a question to my colleague, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, [Mr. Olds.] I ask him whether any peti-
tions have been presented to this House, and re-
ferred to that committee upon this subject?
Mr. JONES That is not personal explanation,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] may answer the question of his col-
league in order, if he desires so to do.
Mr. OLDS. I will say, then, that a petition was
presented to the House, and referred to our com-
mittee, from the agent of the company who had
contracted with the Government for the transmis-
sion of the mail over the road passing through
Erie, stating that in consequence of the disturb-
ances at that place, he had been unable to carry
out his contract. And not only this, but this
House passed a resolution, instructing the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to inquire
into this matter. In obedience to this resolution,
we have made the report, which is nowunder dis-
cussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 think that is satisfactory,
and 1 therefore move the previous question.
Mr. PACKER. I aek the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question a moment,
to allow me to ask his colleague, the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
[Mr. Olds] a question.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hamil-
ton's motion, and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 83, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Barry, BpJcher, Bo-
cock, Boyce, Bridges,Brooks,Caskie, Chamberlain, Chand-
ler, Claik, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Crai°e, Curtis, Dawson,
De Wnt, Dick, Dowiiell, Drum,Edmund?on,Elliott,Ever-
hart, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Hamilton, Sampson W.
Hams, Hastings, Hihbard, Hiester, Houston, Howe, George
W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher,
Lilly, McNair, IVIacc, Macy, Maxwell, Meacham, Mid-
dleswarth, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Orr, Packer,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Pratt,Riddle, David Ritchie,Robbtns, Ruffin, Rus-
sell, Sabin, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Showpr, Skelton,
George W. Smythe, Snodgrass, Stratton, Straub, John J.
Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Vail, Walsh, Tappan Wentworth,
Witte, and ZoHicoffer—83.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton,Ball, Banks,
Benson, BisseN, Bliss, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Ca-
ruthers, Chase, Chastain,Chrisman, Clmgman, Cook, Cor-
win, Crocker. Cullom, Gumming, Cutting, John G Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar,
Dunham, Eastman, Eddv, Edgerton, Edmands, Ellison,
English, Farley, Penton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Cid-
dnurs, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood. Grey, Aaron Harlan,
Andrew J. Hailan, Wjley P. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Hillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones,Kerr, Knox, Latham,Lind^lev, Macdonald, Maurice,
Mayall, John G. Miller, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecat Ohvei, Parker,*Peck, Peckham,
Preston, Prmgle, Pur) ear, Ready, Reese, Richaid nn, Ro-
gers, Sage, Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, Gerrif Smtih, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Soiled, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L.
Steven5?, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Tracy, Tweed,
Upham, Van^ant, Wade, Walker, Elhhu JJ. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Weils, and Wheeler—102.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to reconsider, on which the previous ques-
tion has been demanded.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question for
a few minutes; I will renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I refused to withdraw it
for one of my colleagues, and I cannot do it now
without involving myself in trouble.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
ru'es be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was put, and,on a division, there
were—ayes 77, noes 81.
Mr. FLORENCE. T demand tellers.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the call.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays having
been ordered, it is not in the power of the gentle-
man to withdraw the call.
