1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
" Yes," said the gentleman from Alabama, " if it
come in the blood of the white man." The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] said,
" let it come/' " Yes," said that venerable man,
with an emphasis which often characterized his
remarks, I now say, let it come." "Yes,"
said the gentleman from Alabama, " though it
comes in the blood of thousands of white men,
let it come." " Yes," said the venerable states-
man, "though it comes in the blood of millions
of white men, let it come—let justice be done
though the heavens fall." He spoke of justice
to the colored man. That he desired at all times,
and above all other objects.
I stand here to make no apology for that vener-
able statesman. Every man is familiar with his
history. He died in this Hall. He died where
the honorable gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Meaciiam] now sits. He lived a life of unusual
devotion to his country, to the world, and his
fame is beyond the reach of the puny efforts at
detraction, nut forth by the member from Virginia.
Mr. Chairman, personal conflicts are atall iimes
painful to me. They constitute no part of the
object for which I was sent to this body. They
are opposed to all the feelings of my nature. But,
sir, we owe duties to ourselves, us well as to the
public. I have no right to permit false charges,
uttered against me in this body, to pass unnoticed,
lu such case silence is often taken as an admission 1
of their truth. I
Yesterday the member fiom Virginia [Mr.
Smith] took occasion to make the following most
extraoidinary assertion: i
" Who docs not know that the jrent Ionian from Ohio, [Mr. ;
Giddingh,] when I was in Uongiess some years ago, o tiered
resolutions deelanne that it w as lawful, in of loot, tor negroes ,
to slay the wife ant! ehitdron nt their masters311 [
When I heard this I respectfully endeavored to i
correct him, by assuring him that I had presented \
no such resolutions, to which he replied:
lC No, of course not </(> cctly: that would have been too
provoking, too lUBtitlerabie. Hut Un ln-< act, the gentleman .
received llie benefit of a involution or resolutions ol this '
body that made hint rutin: fiom ihe ptoceodiny.-t <>r <'on-
grcsc that he might go home and got (Jonnress rebuked by j
the people. They sent him back by a majority diminished 1
by two thousand, and he was afraid to (Oiihnuc the cvpn-
imcnt."" i
Now, sii, in legard to the character of the res-
olutions which I oileied, J will merely Hay, that in
184i2, the President, John Tyler—for whom my
Whig friendsand I voted, God forgive us !-• through
our Secretary of State, instructed our Minister at 1
London to demand a compensation of the British 1
Government for the people who gained their lib- '
erty on board the Creole, a slave ship from Rich- |
mond, Virginia, whiJ^on her way to New Orleans.
The history of that transaction must be within i
the recollection of every member, and i there/ore ;
merely refer to it. ;
The demand can led with it an implied acknowl-
edgment that it was our duty to protect the slave ■
dealers. This I felt to be an insult to the people
of the free States. I was unwilling to see the
people of Ohio and the other free States involved ;
m such disgrace; and offered to this body the dec- \
laration of my sentiments, in the following icsolu- ;
tions, which I now send to the Clerk's table to be i
read. i
They were read, as follows:
Resolved, That jmoi to the adoption of our Fodoial '
Coiirtiluiion. each of the several Slates composing tins*
Union, exeuused full and exclusive jurisdiction over the i
subject ot tjluveiy withm ils> own tomtoiv, and possessed
full power to continue or abolish it at phsasurc.
''■Resolved, That by adopting the Constitution, no pait of
the aforesaid powers was delegated to the Fedi'ial Govern-
ment, but was reserved l)y, and s-till pertain to, rat h of the
several Statos.
uResolved, That by the fighth section of the tir^t article
of the Constitution, each of "the several States Miriendered
to the Federal Government all jim^dictionovet thesub|ccts
of commerce and navigation upon the high sea-.
"Resolved, That sdavcry, hem? an abridgment of the nat-
ural rights of man, can exist only by force of positive muni-
cipal law, and is necessarily confined to the jurisdiction of
the power creating it.
(l Resolved, That when a ship belonging to the citizens
of any State of this Union leaver itjr wateis and teiritory
of such St.ite, and enters upon the high --ens, the persons
on board cease to be subject to the slave laws of such State,
and thenceforth are governed in their lelation* To each
other by, and are amenable to, the laws ofthe United States.
« Resolved, That when the brig Creole, on her late pas-
sage to New Orleans, left the territorial jurisdiction of Vir-
ginia, the slave laws of that state ceased to have jurisdiction
over the persons on board «aid brig, andthev became ame-
nable only to the laws of the United States."
41Resolved, That the persons on hoard said ship, m resum-
ing their natural rights of personal liberty, violated no law i
Of the United States, ineuned no legal penalty, and are
justly liable to no punishment.
" Resolved, That all attempts to re€n$«lave said persons
are unauthorized by the Constitution, or the laws of the
United States, and are incompatible with our national
honor.
" Resolved, That all attempts to exert our national influ-
ence m favoi of the coast-w-j<e slave trade, or to place this
nation m the attitude of maintaining a commerce inhuman
beings, aie subversive ot the rights and injurious to the feel-
tngs and inteieetsof the free States, are unauthorized by
ihe Constitution, and prejudicial to our national character.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. Every member
will see there is not the most distant reference, nor
the remotest intimation of the right of those ne-
groes to slay the wives and children of their mas-
ters. It merely asserts their right to freedom,
and that in resuming that right, they violated no
law. The misrepresentation of the member from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] is so palpable, so obvious,
that f will leave it to the consideration of this body
and of the country, to judge of the principles and
feelings of a member who thus falsely and wan-
tonly assails a fellow-member with fabrications so
unfounded and destitute of truth.
But, air, for the presentation of those \iews, a
member from Virginia [Mr. Botts] offered reso-
lutions censuring me for daring thus to express
my opinions. No one denied their truth, but the
censure was for uttering the opinions, lie, how-
ever, being out of order, handed them over to a
servile member from my own State, who offered
them, and called for the previous question to cut
me off from any defense.
Sir, this body took it upon themselves to pass a
vote of censure upon me for thus avowing my
opinions, and the member from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] voted for my censure. He now appears
to think i should have bowed in silence like the
slaves on his own plant,ii ion, that I should have
received his rebuke with humility, and phed my-
self to the tafk of legislation under his surveil-
lance. I could not recognize him as my master,
nor this body as havmg authority to control me
in the expression of uiy constitutional views. I
hurled trom me the petty despotism which they at-
tempted to exercise over me. I did not isaiani m
my seat one minute after the vou- was declared.
The hbei lies of my country had been purchased
in part by the blood <>i both my palernal and ma-
terial anee.stois. At a more rcivn* period 1 had
myself home arms in the war of 181^2; und had i
remained in my seat here, submitting u> such
tyianny, I should have dh'*raeed my name and
the Constitution of my country.
On reaching the first county m my district, on
my way home, 1 was hailed by a people who
appreciated my motives, and responded heartily
to the course I had pursued. A meeting was
called at the seat of ju.-stiee; u distinguished lawyer
of the Democratic party moved a resolution re-
questing me to Htand us a nominee for reelection,
without the formalities of a. regular convention.
To this I consented; and, iintd the day before
election, it was supposed, in that, part of the dis-
trict in which I lived, thoie would be no compet-
itor. But, as was then said, an opposition was
raised, in pursuance of advice sent from this city;
yet, as 1 stated yesterday, I was reflected by a
larger proportion of the votes given than on any
former or an)' subsequent occasion. Many of the
Democratic party voted for me, and have since
continued to vote for me. My majority was more
than thirty-five hundred; but then the member
from Virginia says it was dimimshtd to two thou-
sand, intending to represent my constituents as
dissatisfied with my course. Why, sir, at one of
the largest conventions ever met in that district, I
was specially instructed to maintain the position I
had assumed, without reference to the miserable
efforts put foith m thn body to control my
thoughts and my action. I have intended to obey
those instructions. Of thyt, however, my con-
stituents are my judges; and they ha\e given me
some evidence of their approbation—for they have
continued to send me here, to the present time.
Where are those who then assumed the uncon-
stitutional power to censure me? And echo an-
swers, Where- Why, sir, of cite two hundred and
twenty members then compowmg this body, one,
and only one monument of the people's mercy,
beside myself, has continued to hold a seat here.
They have departed. Several generations, like
the member from Virginia, have since appeared
here, and taken their departure also *o the .shades
of political life.
The member from Virginia, at the close of that
Congress, disappeared, and sunk out of view, into
the tide of political forgetfulness, from whence he
was again cast up in the political storm of 1852—
a striking instance of political resurrection. But
he comes back apparently bringing with him the
same views of dictation and " overseensm " which
he possessed when he left us ten years since. He
seems unconscious of the progress which has been
made in this body during the period of his con-
finement in political pwgatory.
It is said of Dean Swift, that while relating an
anecdote to a friend they became separated. After
the lapse of ten years they again met, when the
Dean, without a bow or other salutation, resumed
his story with the simple introduction of" as I was
saying." So the member from Virginia, on again
finding himself in this Hall, without a bow or
salutation, introduces himself by a flourish of the
whip, and in full livery proclaims himself the
" whipper-in" of this Administration, and in mer-
ciless style he plies the lash to all who get off the
track.
In the course of his remarks, the member said I
was afraid to continue the experiment ) had tried
in presenting my resolutions. In other words, he
charges me with submission to the usurpations
of this House, of surrendering the freedom of
speech. Sir, it gives me pleasure to say that this
is the first time, in a service of nearly twenty
years, that I have ever been subjected to the charge
of being a doughface, not daring to speak my
views. 1 was aware that, judgingfrom hisspeeches,
the member must have regarded all who differ
from him as poltroons; but I had not supposed he
wOuld take occasion openly and in definite words,
to charge any member with being afraid to speak
his sentiments.
Well, sir, I am afraid to do wrong. I am afraid
of givmg just offense to any humay being. But,
sir, i would speak truth fearlessly. Among these
truths, i would lay it down as an axiom, that
none but 4< cowards" ever doubt the coinage of
their feUow-membeis. But should the member
fiom Virginia tlunk 1 treat him with less severity
than he deserves, I hope he will attribute it to my
unusual good nature, and not to cowardice.
But the gentleman assures the country that I
vaw afraid to continue the experiment. I think it
was on the 5th of May I resumed my scat in this
Hall, and on the 3d of June I made a speech, in
which, to the extent of my humble abilities, I
vindicated the doctrine embraced in the resolutions
for which 1 was censured. For the House will
observe that the offensive part of my resolutions
was the assertion that the negroes, when taken
beyond the jurisdiction of the slave laws of Vir-
ginia, were restored to their natural right of self-
defense. This was the substance, the gist of the
resolutions for which I was censured. No member
of this House, from that day to this, has had the
boldness to deny their accuracy. They assert
mere legal principles known to lawyers of science.
Yesterday, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] asserted that I presented " lesolutions de-
daring that it was lawful for negroes to slay the
wi\es and children of their owners." The assertion
which I did make was, that when slaves were
taken without the jurisdiction of slave laws they
became free under the common law and the laws
of native, and that they had a right to assert that
freedom. And i am glad that there is before me
a Representative of Louisiana, [Mr. Hunt] a
State which led off in the declaration of this prin-
ciple. There is not a slave State, nor is there a
free State, in the Union which has not proclaimed
it through their courts. It has bten announced
from the tribunals of the United States Court.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. With the gen-
tleman permission,as Louisiana has been alluded
to, I will make a single remark. Does the gentle-
man yield to me ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I yield with pleasure to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. PERKINS. Such was the decision under
the Louisiana law, and such, practically, was the
lav/ until after the Abolition excitement at the
North, when the Legislature passed a law directing
the reverse in consequence of that agitation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That does not change the
common law, norany law outside of that State. If
the Legislature has passed a statute to reenslave
the people who have become free, that statute it-
self has no effect outside the State, I refer, how-
