1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ash*1, Thomas II. Bayly, Banks,Barks-
d.ale, Barry, Belcher, Bocock. Boyce, Bridges, Brooks,
Caskie, UJiamberlain, Chandler, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt,
Cox, Craigp, Curne, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, DovvdelJ,
Drum, Dunbar, Edmundson, Elliott. English, Everhart,
Ewing, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Grow, ,
Hamilton, Sampson VV. Harris, Hastings, Henn, Hibbard,
Hiester, Houston, Howe, George W. Jones, Roland Jones,
Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald,
McMullin, McNair, McQueen, Mace, Macy, Maxwell,
Mayall, Middleswartb, Smith Miller, Million, Morrison,
Noble, Orr, Packer, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, ;
Pratt, David Ritchie, Robbins, Ruffin, Russell, Seymour,
Siiaw, Shower, Skelton, Wilham It. Smith, George W.
Smythe,Snodgrass, Stratton, Straub, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Vail, Walsh, Witte, and Zol-
licoffer—92.
NAYS—Messrs. James O. Allen, Appleton, Ball, Ben-
son, BisspN, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase,
Chastain, Chrtsman, Clmgman, Cook,!Corwin, Crocker,
Culloia, Gumming, Gulfing, John G. Davis, Thomas Da
vi^, Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Dunham, Eavtman, Eddy,
Edgerton, Edmands, Ellison, Farley, IVnton, Flagler,
Franklin. Giddings, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Har-
lan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hendricks, Hill,
Hillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr,
Kittredge, Knox, Liridsley, McDougall, Matteson, Mau-
rice, John G. Miller, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, reck, Peck-
ham, Pennington, Preston, Pringle, Pnryoar, Reese, Ro-.
gers, Sabm, Sage,.Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, Sollers, Hes-
tor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Tracy,-
Tweed, Upham, Variant, Wade,Walker, Ellihu B. Wasii-
fcurne, Tsrael Washburn, Wheeler, and Yates—93.
So the House refused to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to what I presume
to bea privileged question. I move that the House
do now adjourn, and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Faction!
Mr. WHEELER. Faction!
Mr. FLORENCE. If it be faction, make the
most of it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. GROW. Is it in order to move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ? If it be in order, I submit it,
and demand tellers.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to move that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. No action has been had since
the House voted down the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the gentleman's motion, therefore, is not in
order.
Mr. GROW. I move, then, that we proceed
to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table. .
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
until the morning hour has expired.
A Member. Has not the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not commenced yet.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
the morning hour has not commenced?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that the Speaker
called the committees for reports this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not done so
today. , , ,.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that we have dis-
posed of some business to-day.
The SPEAKER. This busiuess, together with
another privileged question, have intervened, and
there has heen no morning hour.
Mr. GROW. I have submitted the motion that
we proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. And the Chair has decided
it to be out of order. H would be ill order at the
expiration of the morning hour, but it woulu not
supersede this proposition.
Mr. GROW. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not in order to move
that we proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table at any moment gen-
tlemen can obtain the floor to do so r 1 know that
the floor cannot be taken from any gentleman to
submit that motion until the morning hour has
expired.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman turn to
the rule which sustains him ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not got a copy of the
rules here. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. And the gentleman docs
not understand the rules if he makes that propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
motion is not in order at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no doubt
that the decision of the Chair is right, because we
are now in the consideration of a privileged ques-
tion, which would supersede the motion to go to
the business upon the Speaker's table. No mo-
tion to go to the business upon the Speaker's table
is in order until one hour has been spent in call-
ins committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated.
Mr. JONES. Rut a motion to go into the
Committee of the W^hole on the state of the Union
is a privileged question, and can be made whena
motion to reconsider is pending. I think that it
would be the policy of gentlemen  
Mr. BISSELL. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. JONES. This bill has not been printed.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion not beingin order,
the gentleman will excuse the Chair from allowing
him to proceed.
Mr. JONES. Certainly, sir. Let the bill lie
over until it can be printed, and be placed on our
desks.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to order a call of the House.
Mr. GROW. I now move that the House re-
solve duty itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock, and
Ritchie of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 81.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Bissell, who is not able
to be present, requested his vote to be also taken
in the negative. If it be allowed, the vote will
stand—ayes 82, noes 82.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 96, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Thomas H. Bayly, Banks,
Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Chamberlain, Chandler, Clark, Cobb,
Colquitt, Cox, Crmge, Curtis, Dawson, De Witt, Dick,
Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Edinundson, Elliott,
English. Everhart, Florence, Gamble, Goode, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Sampson W. Harris,' Hastings, Hibbard, Ilii'ster,
Houston, Howe, Geotge W. Jones. Roland Jones, Kurtz,
Lamb, I.ane, Letcher, I,illy. Macdonald, McMullin, Mc-
Nair, McQueen, Mace. Macy, Maxwell, Ma>all. Middles-
waitli, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Orr, Packer, Bish-
op Perkins, John Peikms, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt,
Riddle, David Ritchie. Robbing Ratlin, Russell, Seward,
Seymour, Shaw, Showei, .Skelton, Genu Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith. George W. Smyth, Snodjrass,
Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, Straub, Pavid Stuart, John
J. Tajlor, Tlniisloii, Trout, Vail, Walsh, Tap|ian Went-
worth, Wifte, Daniel I!. Wright, and Znliicofl'ei— 96
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ball, Ben-
son, Eissell, lilies. Bug", Campbell, Caipenter, Carulhers,
Chase. Ch.islain, Chrwnan, Chiiemaii, Cook, Convin, Cul-
loin, Cumming. Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,
Dean, Dent, Dickinson, DiMiev, Dunham, Eildy,EdsTton,
Edmands, Ellison, Farley, Flagler, Franklin, Guldings,
Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew
J. Harlan. Wiley P Harris, Harrison, Oaveu, Hendricks,
Hill, llillver, Hushes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T Jones,
Keir, Kittrcdgc, Knox, Emdley, t.mdsley, McDougall,
Matteson, John G.Millei, Morgan, Mui ray, Nichols. Noble,
Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Ohvei, Parker,
Peck, Peckh.ini, Preston, I'riugle, l'uijeai, Ready. Reese,
Thomas Ruehey, Rogers, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Shannon,
Simmons, Solleis, Hestor J,. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John
! L. Taylor, Tracy, Tweed, Upham. Valiant, Wade, Walk-
'l cr, Elfihu B. Washburnc, Israel Wa-hburn, Wheeler, and
Yates—95.
I The House accordingly resolved itself into the
| Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
. (Mr. Seymour in the chair.)
i Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back, as correctly engrossed, the
following bills; which thereupon received the sig-
; nature of the Speaker:
| " An act to constitute Gluincy, in the State of
Illinois, a port of entry;"
"An act to provide a place for holding the
courts of the United States in the southern district
of New York, and for other purposes;" and
i; " An act granting the franking privilege to the
j Superintendent of the Coast Survey and the as-
sistant in charge of the office of said Coast Sur-
I vey."
I j message prom the president.
li Previous to the Speaker vacating the chair, a
message was received from the President of the
United States, by the hands of Sydney Webster,
Esq., his Private Secretary.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose,
the pending question was on the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,]
on which tellers were ordered.
The Clerk read the amendment;
" For continuing ancl completing the custom-house at
Cincinnati, Ohio, |40,000."
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend the appro-
priation by reducing the sum to one dollar. The
gentleman from Ohio, in his remarks yesterday,
called upon the members of the Committee on
Ways and Means 
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) I wouldinquire
of the Chair what the condition of the question
was when the committee last rose?
Mr. HIBBARD. There was a division called
upon the question, but it was not taken, and the
question is now pending and open to amendment.
I remember it'distinctly.
The CHAIRMAN. In answer to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] the
Chair finds that tellers have been ordered upon
the amendment; but a motion to amend the amend-
ment will be in order. When the question is taken
upon the amendment it will be taken by tellers.
Mr. HIBBARD, (resuming.) My amendment
is to reduce the appropriation to one dollar. In
reply to the call of my honorable friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] upon the Committeeof Ways
and Means, as to the reasons which influenced
. them in their decision, I can only respond by
' stating the reasons which influenced my own
' actions. V
i may premise by saying, that the whole amount *
(in order to present the whole question) of duties
collected in Cincinnatifor theyear ending June 30,
1853, was §251,649 90. It will be seen that this is
a larger sum than the average sums collected at
the different custom-houses. It will be seen, also,
from theestihiates, that there are no vessels landing
there from foreign ports. None, I believe. The
amouut of work, therefore, to be done there, ia
very small. All vessels which trade at Cincinnati
are entered at New Orleans. In the ordinary
course of business they would be all entered there.
The number of employees at that point is only
two, for there is nothing to be done but to receive
the money. There is a surveyor and a clerk. That
is all. The pay of both persons is $3,600. We
have already appropriated at this place $213,745.
Of that sum there has already been expended
§74,274 14, and consequently there are appropria-
tions now on hand, and available, to complete this
custom-house of $138,470 86. Not content with
that, the gentleman asks—and I believe the De-
partment also—$40,000 more. I am constrained,
sir, with all respect to the Department, and with
every feeling of regard to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] as he knows, to say that
such an appropriation is unwarrantable. I have
found fault before with the estimates of the Depart-
ments of former Administrations. I have found
fault with estimates of this kind made by Whig
Administrations. I wish to be just before lam
generous, and I cannot consent to an appropria-
tion of this nature, under a recommendation
from a Democratic Administration. The amount
of money heretofore appropriated, and heretofore
used, is altogether too large, because it will be
seen at once that the business there is compara-
tively small—almost nothing. A single counting-
| room is sufficient for the collection of this money,
j While I do not speak of honorable members here,
| nor censure their course—awhile I dare say that
they have done nothing but what they deemed to
be their duty—yet the effect of all this is to bestow
a < ratuity,to appropriate large sums of money as
a "ratuity, for the benefit of local interests. We
build up large and splendid buildings, at great ex-
! pense for the adornment and benefit of these
cities. It is generosity, but it is not justice. I
! hold that it is not proper, and that we have not
the rio-ht to make these benefactions from the pub-
\\ Treasury. I have none but friendly feelings
I towards the West, which contributes so much to
ii tjie m-eatness, the commerce, and the patriotism
I of the country. I am opposed to all these appro-
priations at the North as well as at the West.
! fHeie the hammer fell.]
j Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from New
! Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] has given the House
