1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
ever, to the decision of the courts of Louisiana,
under the civil law, which guided her courts in
former times. It is the same, also, as common law
wherever it is in force. It was so decided in
1782, by Lord Mansfield, after an unprecedented
struggle in behalf of oppression. It was repeated
in 1821, in the great case of Forbes tis. Cochran,
decided in the Common Pleas of England. It has
been repeated again and again, in all the courts of
civilized nations of the earth. I go back more than
one hundred years, on the continent of Europe,
and show that a slave leaving the jurisdiction
which held him in bondage became free. Why, sir,
every heart would respond that he would be free,
and the member from Virginia recorded his vote
on that occasion to censure me for daring to utter
a legal principle known and understood by every
tyro in the profession.
Mr. PERKINS. I regret to have to interrupt
the gentleman again. 1 am told that I did not hear
correctly his position. The decision of the Louis-
iana court was not to the effect of his resolution,
but to this extent only: that where a slave was
voluntarily carried by his owner beyond the juris-
diction of slave law into a free State, the owner
lost his power over him on his retmn to Louisiana.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is mistaken.
I understand the decision to which I referred.
The case decided in his State was not that of a
slave taken into a free Slate, but of a lady who
took her slave to France, across the high seas.
Mr. PERKINS. That is a free State, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, sir;it is an Empire, not
a State. [Laughter.] The decision of the court
of Louisiana was, that the very moment when the
slave was taken beyond the jurisdiction of Louis-
iana, that moment she was clothed in the attributes
of freedom, and humanity stood forth vindicated
in her person.
In the speech to which I referred, as made on
the 3d June, I said:
"Tile person* on board llic Creole, when taken beyond
the jiu i sdhM ion ! if \"i r;;m ii. weie absolutely free—tliry wore
free in tlte consideration of all law, human and Dirnic—
possessing all the ul'IUs incident to American libel ly. Fiom
tiidt moment tiiey possessed tin; 1'ull, jnst, ami indisputable
light of selt-dpfense—the light to defend tlicir peisons and
liberty with all the means and all the lorce within their
powei."
Again, sir, I declared that:
"Had 1 been in the situation in which they were placed,
with the same alternative befoie me, a cowardly submission
to a slave dealer, with shivery and degradation to myself
and posterity on one hand, oi heroic effort, with freedom
to myself and offspring on the other, I could not have lies
itatcd to defend the liberty which God had bestowed upon
me to the extent of every means within my contfhl."
Why did not the member from Virginia meet
this doctrine in open debate like a man—like a
statesman ? Sir, he sat in silence. I endeavored
to use language that should admit of no misinter-
pretation. It was addressed to those who had
dared to pass a vote of censure upon a Repre-
sentative in this Hall. And i greatly desired to
provoke some one of them to meet me before the
country. They had sealed my lips while on trial,
and under the previous question they had con-
demned me and my doctrine. I intended in that
speech to defy their tyranny, to hold them up to
the country as a set of men who, through ignorance
or malice, had trampled upon the Constitution,
upon the rights of the people, upon the privileges
of the members of this House. The member
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] had voted for my cen-
sure; I had appealed to the people; had returned
to this Hall indorsed by the sovereign power,
and I challenged him to the forum. There he sat
in mute silence.
A prophet, in Bible times, is said to have kicked
an ass into speech; but 1 could not do it. I en-
deavored to follow Balaam's example, but failed
in the effort. And now, after ten years' absence,
the member's galled sides have become healed,
lie has found his way back to this body, but ap-
pears to have forgotten
1 ° « Whether
The boot was made of neat or Spanish leather;"
and now he charges me with not daring to main-
tain my position.
But I pass to another, and the last point.
Speaking of myself, he proceeded to say:
" At any rate, he did not get the resolutions repealed ;
(referring to the resolutions censuring me ;) he came back
here, and had the grace actually to ask Congress to repeal
tKeresolutwn."
Astonished at the utterance of such an unmiti-
gated fabrication, I asked to set him right. I, sir,T|
disbelieved that any man could have obtained an
election to this Hall who would thus openly, and
in bold defiance of all truth and honor, state, as
matters of fact, transactions which never had the
shadow of existence. The circumstances flowing
from that resolution of censure constituted an im-
portant era in my life. 1 scorned the attempt to
control my action. I held it in unutterable con-
tempt. 1 bade defiance to it, and to all who sus-
tained it. The thought of asking its repeal never
entered my mind, never flitted through my imagin-
ation, until the astounding falsehood was put forth
by the member on yesterday-. Had such resolu-
tion been presented, he could show it from the
record. That he cannot do. It does not exist.
It never did exist. Why, sir, my resolutions had
gone forth to the country. They had been sanc-
tioned by the whole people of the North. They
had gone over the waters, had reached the eye of
British ministers and British statesmen. That
apology for an administration, John Tyler, who \
then controlled the Executive power, had backed i
out of the demand on England; and so far as 1 or j
the public have any knowledge, the demand has |
never been renewed, and, I venture to say, never
will be renewed. My effort had a greater effect
upon the action of this Government, and upon the
sentiment of the country, than I had expected.
My position was adverse to that entertained by
the Senate, by the Executive, and by this House.
In opposition to these branches of the Federal
power, the country acknowledged the correctness
of my doctrine. And I now look upon that as
the proudest era of my life. My triumph was
complete. I was willing that the resolution of
censure, and those who voted for it, should go
down and receivetheapprovalorthecondemnation
of posterity. I neither asked nor desired its repeal; |
nor did 1 ever hear its repeal spoken of until the j
i member charged me, on yesterday, with asking j
i " this House to repeal it;" and, as if intending to j
: place himself beyond the paleof charity, he made :
I up for the occasion, and proclaimed the additional I
' fabrication that'' the proposition was received ivith a
loud laugh, and that was the end of it."
Astonished at the fool-hardiness of the member,
from my seat I declared that I never made such a
proposition. And here came the last effort of the
member's ingenuity and facility in the manufac-
ture of hypothetical facts, which never had any
foundation, which are made up entirely of false-
hood. lie then at once abandoned his previous
assertion, tacitly acknowledging its falsity, but
saying:
" Thegentleman from Ohio did not make the proposition,
but one of his colleagues did} I presume with his conscntS*
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will not detain the com-
mittee to make any comments on this last subter-
fuge, these additional statements destitute of truth.
They are false in the general and in their detail.
1 can only say that i never heard of such an ap-
plication by any colleague. My friend on my
left, [Mr. Wade,] at that time a constituent, and
intimate friend, assures me he never heard of aiiy
such application. I have searched the Journal
and the Congressional Globe, and 1 find no trace
of any such application. And I declare this last
declaration to be equally groundless with the
others—equally false, malicious,xmd disgraceful.
Now, sir, this accumulation of untruths, this
concatenation of falsehoods, put forth in rapid
succession by a member of this body, cannot be
properly characterized by any language becoming
the dignity of an American Congress. He may
have deemed the course he has pursued as neces-
sary to support the cause he advocates, and as due
to the Executive whose organ he professes to be.
But whatever may be his motive, he has gone
beyond the reach of parliamentary language. I
leave him to the judgment of the House and the
country.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
Several Members. "Oh, let him go on."
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely wish, with the con-
sent of the gentleman, to make a single remark in
reference to the point of order. I wish to ask a
1 question of the Chair. I believe in the freedom
of speech, but 1 have been taught to believe that
| the proceedings of a (deliberative body like this
| should be governed by rule's of decorum.
I [Renewed cries of " Too late!"]
Mr. TAYLOR. Well, sir, 1 will not insist
upon my point of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have nothing further to
say. I might stand here and talk from now till
to-morrow, and not be able to find language, suf-
ficiently strong to reach the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Oliver] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman to yield me
the floor to make an explanation.
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!" " Go on with your
explanation!"]
Mr. OLIVER. I ask the gentleman how much
of my time he wishes ?
Mr. SMITH. I suppose what I have to say
will not come out of the gentleman's hour.
The CHAIRMAN. That arrangement can be
made by unanimous consent.
A general assent was expressed.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, we have, indeed,
had an interesting display, characterized by those
manners which we should naturally expect from
the gentleman from whom itcomes. We have seen
a. gentleman here aspiring to be sarcastic. We have
seen him rising here and assailing members of
this House with a display of coarseness and vul-
garity which he alone understands how to use;
just the sort of defamation and scandal which
would find no place in the association of gentle-
men; nay, such only as could have been taught
and learned by an association with free negroes.
Sir, it is within the recollection of this committee
that, on yesterday, when I was replying to the
extraordinary position which had been taken here
by those who had preceded me, that the Missouri
compromise, as it was called—that the act of
1820 had given peace and quiet to the country.
I say, when 1 was replying to that most extraor-
dinary position, and confronting it with the truth
of history, I referred, by way of illustration, to
a distinguished man, supreme in his eminentabil-
lty, who had previously occupied the highest
official position in the country, and who descended
from that high position into this arena, for the
purpose of creating agitation upon the subject of
slavery. I stated that as an illustration. I stated
that he forgot the high dignities with which he
had been honored, the distinguished offices which
he had filled, the mighty part he had placed as a
national man; and that he came here to agitate for
the wild, disorganizing purposes of anti-slavery.
That was an illustration; and I referred on that
occasion to sentiments which he uttered on this
floor, and which I would make good. Indeed they
are substantially admitted by |he gentleman who
has just addressed the House*'
I referred to him, [Mr. Giddings,] also, as an
illustration. I had no occasion to misrepresent
him. I alluded to him as one of those who had
been continued here by constituents, no doubt
worthy of him, and whose chief office, instead of
being to minister peace and good will unto all men,
had been to agitate the great country of which he
is a most unworthy member, and to seek to dis-
tract, and divide, and ruin the Union of this Re-
public—in the perpetuation of which the destinies
of the world are at once and forever bound. Is
not that true? Speaking from memory, I did not
perhaps specify in exact and literal verbiage the
sense which had been communicated; but I am
here with the record, prepared, substantially, to
sustain the position which I took. The member
•—and according to polite parliamentary parlance
the honorable member—&nd I suppose that we
are all honorable men—the honorable member
has thought fit, his own job not being sufficient,
and being ambitious of that unity which he sought
to establish, when the distinguished man, to whom
I previously referred, had a living place on this
floor—he has thought fit to get^ some grace and
strength for his position, by a union with one who
had genius and intellect to redeem the errors of his
principles, and to commend him to the interest, at
least, if not to the affections of the country.
He sought to acquire some distinction by that
association. Not content to rest himself here on
his own defense, he undertakes to vindicate that
man, superseding the duty of some gentleman
from the State of Massachusetts. The member—
the honorable member—really conceded the strength
of my remarks. In vindicating Mr. Adams, he
actually acknowledges the ascription which I
made. But I might be relieved from the duty of
