THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
another illustration of the mode of reasoning
adopted by the Committee on Ways and Means,
The appropriation asked for in this case is for a
single and solitary purpose, to wit, that of making
fire-proof certain buildings in the city of Cincin-
nati. This is the only question before this com-
mittee; and I repeat what 1 said on yesterday, so far
as the construction of that building is concerned,
so far as the action of Congress is concerned, an
appropriation for that purpose has already been
made, the plan of the building has been agreed
upon, the building has already been commenced,
and contracts have been entered into for the con-
struction and completion of the building. Why
then this talk about the amount of business to be
done there? However pertinent the question
might be as an original one, whether the building
should be of this or that description, or whether it
should or should not be constructed of certain di-
mensions, considerations of the kind suggested by
the gentleman from New Hampshire h^ve no rel-
evancy to the pending-question. But theCommit-
tee on Ways and Means—to whom was referred
the solitary question, whether it is necessary, out
of a just regard for the public interest, that the
building to be erected at Cincinnati should be
made fire-proof—go into the question, what the
amount of business is to be done there. The
gentleman from New Hampshire represents that
the appropriation asked for is a mere matter of
gratuity and donation; but it presents itself to the
House in no such aspect.
The Secretary of the Treasury, after an appro-
priation has been made by Congress for building
custom-house at Cincinnati, with a full knowl-
'^^Redgeof the importance of protecting the property
^ to be placed within it, with a full knowledge of
the subject in all its various aspects, decides that
the appropriation now asked for is demanded by
the puolic interests, and not by those of a particu-
lar locality. Yet, notwithstanding all this, the
Committee on Ways and Means sit down and
look at this matter as a question of donation and
gratuity to a particular locality. What interest is
it to the people of Cincinnati whether the building
in that particular locality be rendered fire-proof or
not?
The building, I repeat, is to be erected in a
particular form, in a particular manner, and ac-
cording to particular directions; and whether this
appropriation be allowed or not, the building will
be completed in that way. The only question
for this committee to determine is, whether they
will render this building fire-proof. The judg-
ment of the Secretary is—and he tells you that lie
has come to that conclusion—that the public in-
terests demand that this appropriation should be
made; and that is the only question for us now to
determine. Against the necessity for such an
appropriation we have not heard a solitary woid
from any member of that committee. It is true
that the gentleman tells us that the committee
have come to the conclusion that the appropria-
tion is unnecessary. Unnecessary in what re-
gard? Why is it unnecessary? Have they un-
dertaken to show that there is no necessity for
rendering that and similar buildings fire-proof?
Not a word; but they have gone into extraneous
matters, to show thut the gieat amount of money
which has been asked for and expended from time
to tune in different sums was more than sufficient
in order to erect a building sufficient to enrry on
the business. Why, as 1 said before, arguments
of this sort might have been perhaps appropriately
addressed to the question, whether you will have
a building there or not^ if that question were up
for decision. Hut you have decided that; and
there is but a single question before you, that
which I have presented, vi/.; Will you or will
you not make the building fiie-proof?
Mr. HIBBARD (there being no objection) with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Thequestion then recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Disntey, upon which teileis had
been ordered, and Messrs. Hendricks and Vail
were appointed.
The question being taken, they reported—ayes
76, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
F'or completing the custom-house at Louisville. Ken-
tucky, $40,000.
Mr. Chairman, it will be perceived by the com-
mittee that the Secretary of the Treasury requests
an appropriation of §40,000 to complete the cus-
tom-house at Louisville, Kentucky. The Com-
mittee on Ways and Means have declined to put
it in the bill, and 1 therefore move to supply the
deficiency by granting what the Secretary requests.
I have, however, to say, that I did imagine last
year, when I asked for thesum which was granted
at that time, that it would cover the whole ex-
pense; I believed it adequate at that time, and I
feel tfiat in asking now from the House a further
sum I trespass somewhat upon its indulgence, for
1 thought that the amount voted last year was suf-
ficient; but the Secretary, in order to render the
structure more perfect and safe, has let contracts
outside of the bids that were then.m, and unless
the building is to be left incomplete this sum
ought to be given. 1 stated last year that thesum
then voted would be sufficient; the estimates show
that more is required, and it is in conformity with
them that I move the amendment.
I am aware that this system of building custom-
houses is liable to many objections, and I believe
that too much money may Have been spent in some
cases; but the same objections might be urged
against every undertaking of the Government.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
one question. How many persons are 
Mr. PRESTON. I have but five minutes, and
cannot yield to the gentleman. I desire to piesent
this question fairly. 1 do not wish to mislead
the House by anything I may say. I state that it
is with some degree of regret that I am compelled
again to ask an appropriation for this purpose; but
i do it, believing tnat it is necessary to carry out
contracts that have been entered into, or to leave
the building unsafe or unfinished.
If the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
means desires to curtail expenditures, let him pro-
pose u law, that the Secretary shall not enter into
any contract contemplating a larger expenditure
than an appropriation contemplates; but there
never can be an exact correspondence between
estimates and expenditures, and if contracts are
modified, or circumstances increase the cost of
construction, additional sums must be given, or the
works be left unfinished.
1 have inserted "for the completion of the cus-
tom-houwe at Louisville" to limit the expenduuie
to the amount asked for the building.
Mr. HOUSTON. This custom-house has been
before Congress for appropriations for several
years. 1 hold in my hand a letter from Secretary
Corwin, addressed to this House in February,
1852, m which he said that all he wanted to build
fire-proof custom-houses at Cincinnati and Louis-
ville was $75,000. Here it is on record. Here
is the letter of the Secretary, and hise.stimates for
these buildings. We gave the $73,000; arid we
have given altogether $180,000 for the custom-
house at Louisville. At the last session of Con-
gress the gentleman spoke of the bids that had
been received; and heproposed to give an amount
that would cover the precise bid that had been of-
fered to complete the custom-house at Louisville.
He said, in two places, in his remarks, that it
would require $]Gi2,000 to complete the custom-
house at Louisville. He declared it was true that
the Secretaiy of the Treasury wanted only $25,000
to continue the work; but that he would be candid
with the House and say, on correct data, that the
amount asked would not avail. He proposed to
ask for all that was necessary to complete the
building, and he asked for $80,000, or upwards.
After the representatives of that distiictcame here
three or four times, for additional appropriations,
and repeated on sevetal occasions that $160,000
would be all that would be needed, and when they
have obtained $170,000 or$180,000, thegentleman
conies here now and asks for the appropriation of
$10,000 moie. Why is this? They only collect
about £,45,000 or $"17,000 revenue, all told, at
Louisville. No vessel goes there from a foreign
port. It is not a port of entry. You have a sur-
veyor there merely to collect the customs. Though
only collecting $45,000 or $47,000 of custom there,
and while the labor is nearly all done at New Or-
leans, they want $200,000, and upwards, to build
a custom-house. We had better abolish the cus-
tom-house there altogether, and let the gentleman
have the amount of revenue collected there, it
would be cheaper for the Government of the United
States to do so than to make these continued ap-
propriations from the public treasury.
The gentleman says that he uses the word
*'complete." If he will refer to the laws that have
already been passed, he will ascertain that the
word "complete" has been used on more than one
occasion. " To complete the custom-house*'means
nothing. He told us, in his remarks bcfore,that it
would take $162,000, or thereabouts, to complete
it. H$ asked for $80,000, for the purpose of not
misleading the judgment of the> House. That was
candid in him, and 1 was glad that he made the
statement. He declared that he did not mean to
mislead the House—that he desired that it should
know exactly what amount was necessary to be
appropriated to complete the building.
Now, sir, 1 cannot understand why, if that ap-
propriation was rmide upon an express bid of the
contractor, &40,000 more is required. If Mr.
Corwin could build fire-proof bnildmgs in Cincin-
nati and Louisville for $47,000,1 do not see how
it is that Secretary Guthrie cannot do the same
thing. The gentleman made a mistake. Secretary
Guthrie only proposes to carry out. the contract
which was conditionally made by Secretary Cor-
win before he went out of power, The gentle-
man need not attempt, to shift that responsibility.
• If the gentleman will read the correspondence
which took place between Secretary Guthrie and
myself, he will find that in the fall or winter of
1852 this contract was made; and I take it for
granted that Secretary Guthrie had nothing to do
with Government contracts at that time. This
very demand grows out of the recommendation of
Secretary Corwin.
Mr. DUNHAM. Is it in order to submit an
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is exhausted
on the amendment under consideration. An
amendment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move that the amendment
be so amended as to make the appropnation
$30,000. 1 do not suppose that anything I can
say will change the course to be pursued by this
committee, or by Congress. I have stood here
for four years, firmly resisting this course of legis-
lation, and I have uniformly failed.
Uut yet, sir, I intend again to express my views
upon it. I think it is high time for us to stop and
consider the tendency and end of it. If we intend to
maintain our own self-respect—if vve intend to main-
tain our individual dignity as Representatives—if
we intend to maintain our constitutional dignity
as a legislative body, it is time that we put an end
to this course of legislation. Now, "sir, there is a
law on the statute-books which requires that before
any of these public works are entered upon, plans
ana estimates shall be made and submitted. When
the various appropriations for these custom-houses
were made, they were made upon express stipu-
lations that such plans had been or should be
adopted as should bring the whole expense of the
respective works within the sums appropriated.
And yet, sir, as has been very correctly stated by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
they have come here year after year asking for
additional appropriations, stipulating at each time
that the amount they then asked was all that would
be necessary to complete the several works.
In this connection I will also refer to another mat-
ter contained in this bill, (and I would especially call
the attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means to it,) as an evidence that our
legislation here is tending to become a mere regis-
tration of the decrees of the Executive Depart-
ments, and nothing else—that the Executive, in
the expenditures of the public money, is taking
the lead and control, and not this House, as the
Constitution contemplates. We undertake to say
what shall be expended, and for what it shall be
expended. The Departments take the appropria-
tion and go on with the expenditure of it, paying
no sort of attention to the amount or limitation
which our legislation has fixed. They expend the
money as they pi ease, without paying any attention
whatever to the plans, stipulations, or limitations
upon which the appropriation was made, consult-
I ing their own tastes and judgmentsonly, and then
' they come back to Congress and ask, as a matter
of necessity, that we shall give them more money
to carry out, not our plans, not our intentions,
but their own.
I refer to an appropriation of $72,666 asked for
in this bill for the Navy Department—last year es-
timates covering this very item were sent in from
that Department. After most elaborate investi-
