1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
honored Senator from Delaware, a^j I rone and the money is mine! Thereis no evidence
" that the North acquiesced in this measure, for
Mr. Benton says that the North were unanimous
for its repeal in 1836, and the passage of Benton's
repealingact of that year was moved in the House
of Representatives by a member from a free State,
Mr. Everett, of Vermont, The late repeal of the
Residue of that measure was brought in by a Sen-
ator from a free State, and I, as a northern man,
and Senator from a free State, demanded its re-
peal, because it was unequal, unjust, and degrad-
ing to the North. It, in substance, said to the
North, you are not capable of establishing your
own institutions north of 360 30'. You do not
know what will be best for you,a^d we will there
bind you and fix your institutions for you; but the
gentlemen of the South know what instructions
they want and what are proper for them, and they
slave State; and Andrew Jackson, of Tennessee,
a slave State, was President of the United States.
What beautiful and truthful consistency Mr. Ben-
ton is caught in here ! Again, he says:
" I had come into political life upon that compromise. I
had stood upon it above thirty years, and intended to stand
upon it to the ^nd—solitary and alone, if need be.
To show that this is utterly false, 1 need only
refer to the above extract from his " Thirty
Years'*—the act of 1836, ami the following ex-
tract from the same speech, taken from page eight:
" The same votes gave us the Platte country; seven fine
countries added to the State ! and that by alteringthe com-
promise line to include it, and actually converting that fine
region from fiee soil to slave soil. Northern votes enabled
it to he done: northern vote-* altered above an hundred
miles of the compromise line for our benefit, upon our re-
quest; and I will never be ungrateful to the North for it, i - , * .• * . i ,r i
nor requite it by a brcneh of the hue to their prejudice. south of that line and control themselves
And how did^Ke obtain the northern votes which were ifcThis created an invidious distinction, and it is not
necessary for all these measures—the appropriations and (strange that northern men should have been most
treaties for all these Indian removals, and for that alteration   i  ^ ... .1 _i ..
treaties for al! these Indian removals, and for that alteration
of the compromise line which gave us the beautiful Platte
country ? How did the Missouri delegation of that day—
the most amiable and talented Dr. Linn and myself, in the
Senate, and Geneial Ashley in the House—how did we ob-
tain that great boon for our State? Did we jret these votes
by belclnng Abolitionism against the North ? No! no ! we
got them by appealing to the justice, and the fraternal feel-
ings of our northern brethren, mid to which we never ap-
pealed once m vain—who, in the last hard trial to get the
Cherokees out of Georgia, gave us fourteen affirmative
votes to balance seven negatives ftom the South, and slaved
the treaty by one vote. Ami f, who was part of all th*>se
transactions, accustomed to solicit northern votes, and ex-
press thanks for them, will not now reiurn them evil for
good by attempting to deprive them of their share of a com-
promise which we imposed upon them."
He says " he will not nosv return evil for good,
by attempting to deprivethem (the North) of their
share of a compromise which we (the South) im-
posed upon them." How very kind! After he has
taken the " beautiful Platte country, seven coun-
ties of the first class, equal in size to two of the
small States, and in richness of soil to a third
class State," and, in fact, all that was once valu-
able and desirable, and converted it from free to
slave territory, he does not now wish to deprive
the North of their share. But he says he did not
get this territory added to Missouri "by belching
Abolitionism against the North;" that is, not by an
open, bold, manly, and statesmanlike act, but with
the still, sly, cunning, and stealthy action of the
thief in the night, and with the serpent's guile in
his heart, a lie on his tongue, and the deceptive
but false smile of friendship upon his face; as
Satan approached Eve, so Benton approached the
northern members of Congress in 1836, and he
got them unanimously.
On page second of his speech, in speaking of
the compromises of the Constitution, the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the Missouri compromise, he
says:
<{ Thus, all rhoM' compromise.* are M-ftlrnient^ ofexistmg
question", and intended to be perpetual. They are all, then,
of equal moral validity."
If this be a moral question, and it is a moral
wrong to alter or repeal the act of 1820, how much
more moral guilt and turpitude rests on Colonel
Benton for having so corrupted all of Congress as
to get an unanimous vote, as he says in his letter,
for his bill of 1836, than on the friends of the late
measure, who were only able to get t\ small ma-
jority, and, therefore, have a less sin to answer
for?
In this letter, Benton says I falsify public his-
tory to justify my violation of the Missouri com-
promise. It would be well and very gratifying to
anxious and active for its repeal and abrogation,
i On page two of his speech, he says:
[ "The third one—that of the Missouri anfi-f-lavery line
J —was not made upon agreement. It was imposed by
j votes—by the South upon the North—resisted by the North
1 at the time—acquiesced in afterwards: and by that acqui-
escence became a binding covenant between both parties ;
and the more so on the South because she iinpostd it. F
repeat, it was an imposition, not a compact."
* * * * * * * *
u This brings u*to the question of repeal, or abrogation
of these compromises. The one in the Constitution eannot
i b6 got rid of without aa amendment to that instrument;
i and is, therefore, beyond the reach of Congress. The other
I two, being in the form of statutes, are subjects ol legisla-
| tion, and legally repealable by Congress."
i The power to repeal is here plainly and fully
I admitted by Mr. Benton. Hear with what ease
j and directness he contradicts his 4t Thirty Years."
i On page four of his speech he says:
i u 1 have stood upon the Missouri compromise for thirty
I years."
And again, on the same page, he says that the
Legislature of Missouri, in 1847, passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
"Resolved, That the peace, permanency, and welfare of
our national Union depend upon a strict adherence to the
letter and spm( of the eighth section ol the actof Congress
ot the United States entitled £ act to authorize the
people of the Missouri Territory to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an. equktl footing with, the original Stales, and
to prohibit slave/y in certain, temtonesS approved March
6, 1820."
This must have been a withering rebuke to
Benton, after having, in 1836, procured the repeal
of that act pro tanto, and not strictly adhered to
either its " letter or spirit;" and I do not wonder
that, after this severe chastisement from his State,
and that a slave State, that he should dread to at-
tempt a second repeal, as the whipped child dreads
| the rod.
Mr. President, can any man say that I did Den-
ton a wrong, or incorrectly cued histoiy ? but, on
the contrary, must not all say that 1 charged him
with nothing more than is true, and only what he
has recorded in history, ^md claims for himself?
This being the case, to what are we to look as the
reason of his writing so beastly a letter? We can
only ascribe it to the native depravity of a corrupt,
malicious, and wicked heart, or to the frenzied
ravings of a brain made a barren waste and a men-
tal and moral chaotic wildeme>s by the withering
but just hand of God laid upon it in punishment
for black and numerous precedent crimes.
When Mr. Pettjt uttered these words: "If
I do not establish beyond cavil that Colonel Ben-
Ins new friends if he would point out what par- i[ ton is a wicked and malicious falsifier of truth, or
tide of public history I have falsified. Surely it
is not his " Thirty Years." But I needed no i
justification for a repeal of the act of 182U, but j
the conviction of my own judgment that it was j
proper and expedient to do so. It was a mere ;
act of legislation, and was repealable at the will
and pleasure of'Congress. According to Benton
it was no compact or agreement, but was forced
and imposed by the Sooth upon the North.
He s.nys it was resisted at the time by the North
—acquiesced in afterwards, and therehy they be-
came bound by it. Beautiful logic. A robs B;
B resists at the time, but, for want of strength,
acquiesces and suffers his money to be taken.
When B gets strength and assistance he demands
of A a restoration. A says, true you resisted the
robbery at the time, but, for wantof strength, you
an imbecile and dotard, I will in all future time,;
Mr. MASON said: Mr. President, I, with very
great reluctance, interfere with any gentleman's
desire to make a personal explanation; but, with-
out any reference to the parties concerned in this
matter, I submit to the honorable Senator, as a
matter of precedent, whether it would be right or
expedient m the Senate for a member of the Sen-
ate to reflect in the manner he is manifestly about
to reflect on a member of the other House?
Mr. PETTIT. In reply, I have only to say
this: that Colonel Benton charges me with things
that, if true, render me totally unfit for the asso-
ciation of gentlemen and Senators. I ask the in-
dulgence ot the Senate, and I appeal to that Sen-
ator to allow me to proceed.
Mr. MASON, j rise to a question of order
acquiesced, and that makes the transaction a fair • purely. The assault which the honorable Sena-
tor says has been made upon him, was made
through the public journals, as he states. Now,
I submit as a question of order 
Mr. PETTIT. I had the assent of the Senate
to go on. The Senator cannot make his point of
order now, as he did not make it before.
Mr. MASON. The Senate,I take it for granted,
gave the assent. I certainly did—without the
knowledge of the kind of remark in which the Sen-
ator conceived himself authorized to indulge. It
is because of the tenor of his remarks that I think
it right to make my point of order, i again, with-
out any reference whatever to either of the gen-
tlemen who are involved in this, submit that it is
not in order in the Senate to reflect upon the
motives or to use injurious language applied to a
member of the other House.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the Senate will allow
me to proceed. They have once given me leave,
and I do not think I ought to be interrupted now.
Mr. MASON. I must insist on the point of
order as a matter of propriety between the two
Houses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the Chair.) The history of this matter, as the
present occupant of the chair understands, is, that
the Senate gave unanimous consent to the Sena-
tor from Indiana to make a personal explanation.
Mr. PETTIT. I am making it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that, in making a personal explanation,
the same rules of order apply as in any other de-
bate; and,therefore, in making a personal explana-
tion a Senator has not the right to reflect on a
member of the other House.
Mr. PETTIT. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. 1 was not referring to his
[Mr. Benton's] conduct as a member of the
other House; I was referring to his conduct out
of doors; not as a member of the House. I was
not referring to anything; done by him in the
House, nor as a member one way or the other.
I did not refer to him as a member of the other
House, nor to anything which he had done as a
member. I was not, therefore referring to a mem-
ber of the other House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What the Sen-
ator from Indiana has said, the present occupant
of the Chair did not hear, as he was not in the -
Senate Chamber. The Chair mei*fely sustained
the point of order raised by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. PETTIT. That is what I object to. I
have not said, and am not going to say, anything
of him as a member of the other House, or as a
member of Congress; but I was speaking, and am
about to speak, of what has been done and said
by him out of the Blouse, and not as a member of
that body. I have read the letter on which I wish
to comment.
Mr. MASON. It ia very true, I doubt not, that
the Senator had not proceeded sufficiently far in
his remarks for the Senate to form a judgment as
to precisely what he was about to say. As far as
I understood him, there were no reflections cast
on a member of the other House for any actof
his in that House, but they were reflections and
epithets applied to a member of the other House,
and applied by a Senator in hts place in the Sen-
ate. That is the point of order that I raise.
Mr. PETTIT. I reply to him simply as a citi-
zen for an art done as a citizen. I do not refer
to him as a member of the other House in any
remarks of mine.
Mr. MASON. But still he is known to this
House as a member of the other House.
Mr. PETTIT. I think I am in order. I had
the leave of the Senate to proceed; I am not say-
ing anything of a member of the other House; and
1 should like to know in what I am out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
already stated to the Senator and to the Senate, that
what the Senator from Indiana had said, the pres-
ent occupant of the Chair was not advised of,
not being m the Senate at the time. He there-
fore, simply decides the point of order, that it is
not in order, in a personal explanation, to refer to
a member of the other House acting an such or to
reflect on his character.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not propose to do any such
thing, and when 1 do, the Senator can call me to
order.
Mr. MASON. Do I understand the Chair as
allowing to be in order, reflections on a member of
