1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I#19
" Resolved, That the Hon. J.R. Gidbings, onhis return
to Congress, be, and is hereby, instructed, at the first moment
after it .-hall be in order, to otfer the identical resolutions over
again winch he before offered, and insist that the House of
Representatives act upon them by a direct vote."
Instructed by his beloved constituents ! Did he
obey that instruction? No, sir; his white-livered
heart skulked from it. He even disregarded the
instructions of his dear and much loved people,
who sent him here, with instructions to carry out
his original purpose. Big, sir, with pride and
consequence, and offended feeling, he left this
Hall with a determination to do or die. He was
backed up by his people at home—better men
than himself, I have 110 doubt; yet when he came
into the presence of the majesty of the Represent-
atives of the American people, he quailed; yes,
sir, he quailed before it, and did not obey his in-
structions, or carry out his original purpose.
But, sir, having adverted to the facts connected
with this period sufficiently, and having vindi-
cated, from the record, the truth of my former
assertions, I pass on. The gentleman from Ohio
came back to this House 011 the 5th of May, I
think it was, and was qualified by being sworn.
But what are oaths to those who believe not in
their value? But I was proceeding to say, he
came back here, and on the 5th of May was
sworn to observe the Constitution, and to respect
afl its compromises. He took his seat.
Well, sir, I said this member from Ohio offered
a resolution to rescind the former vote of censure.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am one of those who never
disregard or refuse to recognize the act of an agent.
I am one of those who regard what is done by
my agent as having been done by myself; and if
it is necessary I could give you law and Latin to
show that it is an established legal principle. I
am not here to draw nice distinctions. I do not
split hairs—not I. But the member from Ohio
says he did not offer this resolution. Well, sir,
he did not, but his colleague did; and 1 suppose
his colleague would not have done anything of
this sort without his concurrence. I appeal to this
committee to decide whether it is likely that he
would have permitted one of his colleagues—one
who sympathized with him in his original determ-
ination, who prevented him from undertaking
to defend himself on that occasion, although the
opportunity was again and again tendered to him;
who seemed to be his friend, associate, and coun-
selor—does the member himself suppose he shall
be able to make this House believe that this col-
league of his would have taken this step without
his'knowledge and consent? And therefore it is
that I say the member from Ohio draws nice dis-
tinctions, and disproves at most the letter, but not
the spirit of my charge.
Well, sir, 1 have shown what was the resolu-
tion which was offered by the counselor and ad-
viser of the member from Ohio, and I leave it to
the intelligent judgment of every member of this
House to decide whether he is responsible for the
resolution—that is all.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Will the gentleman read
the resolution ?
Mr. SMITH. You may read it if you wish.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Either read it or back out.
Mr. SMITH. I have the resolution before
me, and f will not back out.
Mr. GIDDING-S. There is no such resolution.
Mr. SMITH. No, sir; there is no such reso-
lution in express terms, but it was designed indi-
rectly to accomplish the purpose I have stated;
for if received by the House, that would revoke
the censure, and that will explain what follows
hereafter.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Read it.
Mr. SMITH. I will not read it. Mr. Chair-
man, how did it get in here? I recollect the cir-
cumstances distinctly; and I have na doubt the
committee understand them. I have refused to
read the resolution because the whole debate to
which it gave rise would have to be read,to make
it intelligible. I would not be guilty of such a foul
transaction as to refuse to read a resolution for the
purpose of misrepresenting it. I have the resolu-
tion before me, and the whole proceedings in con-
nection with it. Every member has them in his
possession. I wish the member from Ohio to un-
derstand that I do not consider it necessary to re-
sort to any such means to strengthen my exposi-
tion of such a case as his.
And how did it come into the House? I recol-
lect when the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. G-oode,]
against whose character I know nothing, other
than is found on this record, and I am happy to
so express myself—I recollect when he got up and
offered the resolutions, there was one general
laugh throughout the House; and 1 believe, and it
was the general belief, as the records show, that that
was the end of them. But no. He took the laugh;
said not a word; but marched up to the Clerk's
desk, and under pretense of their being of the char-
acter of a petition, filed them with the Clerk for
the purpose of entry on the Journal. There is
honesty and fair dealing for you! And the mem-
ber knew nothing about it! Of course, he did not!
He was as innocent of the matter as the unborn
child. He was perfectly good natured, and could
not inquire into anything of the sort.
When the Journal was read next morning a
statement of the facts was made. It appeared,
from the Journal, that the resolutions were pre-
sented and received. Mr. Botts immediately rose
in his place, and moved that they be stricken out.
He did not like to say expunged; but he moved
that the entire paragraph—and I have the whole
of it here—that the paragraph in reference to the
resolutions, one of which I have read, and one of
which led the member to repeat his own resolu-
tions, be stricken out. Considerable debate re-
sulted. A great deal of excuse was offered. A
strong impression of a fraudulent movement was
declared. Mr. Goode obtained the floor, and
announced to the House that he had had no fraudu-
lent purpose whatsoever. Such was the loathsome,
vile, miserable, contemptible character of the pro-
ceeding, that the House struck out the paragraph
with the implied imputation of fraud. Yes, sir,
these resolutions, which had for their end the re-
deeming of the member from Ohio from the deep
damnation of his conduct in advocating mutiny
and murder, were expunged from the record.
They were stricken from the Journal, and now
they have no place except in the papers of the
day.
This, then, being the condition of things, I
would ask wherein 1 have misstated? The gen-
tleman says that I stated that he was elected by a
diminished majority. I will advert to that now,
though a little out of the regular course. Of
course, I spoke on the subject from memory, and
I really ask the member for information. When
facts are involved, however, I do not rest satisfied
until I am fully convinced. Had not thegentleman
Whig and Democratic opposition ? Was he not
elected by a plurality, and not a majority ? This
I distinctly know: that the impression was, that
the operation of another resignation was consid-
ered too dangerous for another trial by the mem-
ber. I know the understanding was, that if the
Democrats had not been so foolish in that district
—where Democracy, perhaps, cannotlivefor lack
of necessary congeniality of elements and respi-
ration—had it not been that they brought out a
candidate, it is believed that the gentleman would
have gone t.o the tomb of all the capulets. His
race would have terminated against his will.
Why, sir, it was believed that a genteel Whig-
such was the language of the day—would have
filled the place which the member has so much
dishonored.
These are my views. I have presented the rec-
ord. I have shown the course of Mr. Adams.
I haveshown the course of themember from Ohio;
and to show that he is still in character, he is com-
pelled to misrepresent the laws of a southern
State to this committee. He has directly, and in
face of the explanation of the distinguished gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] distorted and
misstated them: that decision being, that when a
slave went into territory where freedom was estab-
lished—God save the mark!—he was free. He
partakes of the character of the country in which
he is placed. That is the effect of the decision
which the member has chosen to mystify and dis-
tort.
But, sir, Othello's occupation is not gone so long
as the member has a place here. Even during
the present session of Congress, he has uttered
the same damnabkgind abhorrent sentiments. Sir,
look at the recoruof a previous debate during the
present session. He says:
" Sir, I would inliifmlate no one; but I tell yon there :s
a spirit in the North which will set at defiance all tile low
and unworthy maciunalions of this Executive, and of the
minions of its power. When tlie cyntest shall come; when
the thunder shall roil ant! the lightning flash ; when the
slaves shall rise m the South ; when, in imitation of tlio
Cuban bondmen, the southern slaves of the South shall
feel that they are men; when they feel thestirringemotions
of immortality, and recognize the stirring uuth that they
are men, and entitled to the rights which God has bestowed
upon them; when the slaves shall feel that, and when mas-
ters shall turn pale and tremble when their dwellings shall
smoke, and dismay sit on each countenance, then, sir, I do
not say ' we will laugh at your calamity, and mock when
your lear cometh,' but I do say, when that time shall come,
the lovers of our race will stand forth, and exert the legiti-
mate powers of this Government for freedom. We shall
then have constitutional power to act for the goou of our
country, and do justice to the slave. Then will we strike
otV the shackles from the limbs of the slaves. That will
be a period when this Government will have power to act
between slavery and freedom, and whenitean makepeace
by giving freedom to the slaves. And let me tell you, Mr.
Speaker, that that time hastens, ltisrollmgforward. The
President is exerting a power that will hasten it, though not
intended by him. I hail it as 1 do the approaching dawn
of that political and moral millennium which 1 am well
assured will come upon the world."
Yes, sir, that period when our slaves shall rise;
that period when our houses shall smoke; that
period when " fear cometh upon the hearts of the
masters;" that period when rapine, and blood-
shed, and desolation shall stalk o'er the land1, the
member will hail as the dawning day preceding
the approach of the millennium! "Oh shame,
where is thy blush!" Yes, he gets up here,in the
presence of this assembly of American freemen,
the Representatives of millions, a large portion of
them from the southern States, and he tells them
here to their faces, that he hails this day which
is to desolate the whole South with fire and blood-
shed, as he would the dawn antecedent to the mil-
lennium. Sir, 1 ask you if it is not fully made
out by what I have previously read, and by this
very speech itself, that he would rejoice, as he
would rejoice at the dawning of that day preceding *
the millennium, to see our slaves rise, and sacri-
fice the wives and daughters of their masters?
1 would remark that this question of slavery is
one in which I am deeply interested. Gentlemen
will be held to a strict accountability by their con-
stituents for sitting quietly here, day after day, and
submitting to insults, such as have been inflicted
upon them in days past.
The gentleman from Ohio says that I did not
answer him on certain occasions. Does he ima-
gine, for a single moment, that when he speaks,
and there is no response, it is because he is unan-
swerable ? Prom whence, in the name of God, <fki
there spring such a conceit! When he speaks—
as never man spake before, for he is really without
a parallel—and gentlemen are silent, has he never
imagined it was because of their pity and contempt
for him and his sentiments?
I know I am wearying th{  House, but I plead
as my excuse the deep interest i feel in this sub-
ject. I believe that the institution of slavery is a
noble one; that it is necessary for the good, the
well-being of the negro race. Looking to history,
I go further, and I say, in the presence of this
assembly, and under all the imposing circum-
stances surrounding me, that I believe it is God's
institution. Yes, sir, if there is anything in the
action of the great Author of us all; if there is
anything in the conduct of His chosen people; if
there is anything in the conduct of Christ himself,
who came upon this earth, and yielded up his life
as a sacrifice, that all through his death might
live; if there is anything in the conduct of his
Apostles, who inculcated obedience upon the part
of slaves towards their masters as a Christian
duty, then we must believe that the institution is
from God.
Has there ever been a nation that so preemi-
nently distinguished itself as a nation of masters?
Go to Judea. Go to Greece, where there was
four hundred slaves to ninety freemen. Go to
Rome, where, in the pride of her imperial power,
you found some thirty to forty millions of slaves;
and come to our own favored land, and what do
you see? Where is any evidence of inferiority
between the North and South' We see in the
South those " first in war, first in peace, and first
in the hearts of their countrymen;" not one alone,
but many, always distinguishing themselves upon
every crisis, and in every place where their ser-
vices were needed in behalf of their country. Go
into your halls of legislation; go into the battle-
fields, and, I ask, where is the evidence of that
inferiotily which gentlemen attempt to establish
between those who own and those who do not
own slaves ? The owners of slaves are no better
