1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
gation by the Committee on Ways and Means,
the appropriation they asked was cut down by
that committee just this precise amount. The
House, after, if 1 am not mistaken, the fullest dis-
cussion, sustained the action of that committee;
and yet I find, by the estimates sent in for this
year, they have asked as a deficiency, for pre-
cisely the same purpose, exactly the- same sum;
afld, what is more singular, the Committee on
Ways and Means, which, for a similar reason,
had refused to report these appropriations for cus-
tom-houses and other purposes, have reported that
item in this bill. In other words, we undertook
to say, by our legislation, how much money
should be expended by a Department in a partic-
ular branch of the public service for a particular
purpose; and that Department gives no heed to
our legislation, but goes on without the slightest
regard to it, and then unblushingly asks that we
shall, as a matter of necessity, make additional
appropriations to pay what they have thus done,
not only without our authority, but in spite of our
wishes and intentions.
The dignity and self-respect of this House, and
the respect of the country for us, depends upon
our assuming our constitutional rights, and exer-
cising our constitutional control over the expendi-
tures and action of this Government. Oar consti-
tutional duty requires it. If we do not do it, we
might as well at once abolish Congress, and give
the right to the Departments to go on and take
out of the Treasury whatever money they may
consider necessary to carry out their plans and
purposes. If we do not do it, Congress will soon
sink, as it is fast doing, into a mere courtof regis-
tration, to register the decrees and carry out the
behests of the Executive Departments; for, sir, it
amounts to this, and nothing less. The Depart-
ments send in plans; we legislate, and, by our
legislation, alter those plans; we say to them,
"for this purpose you can spend so much money,
and no more, in such a way, and no other." They
pay not the least attention to it, but go on and
spend the money just precisely as they may have
laid out their plans in the first instance, and then
ask us to ratify what they have done. This has
been practiced year after year, and I think it is
time an end was put to it. I, for one, never have,
and never will, sanction it.
Take this very custom-house at Louisville, as
meritorious as any in the West, and more so than
many in the East, yet I have steadily ami uni-
formly opposed most of them as useless and ex-
travagant expenditures. In the first instance, a
large appropriation of money was made, which
was said to be amply sufficient for the work; and
so it was The ltiw requires that & plan should
first be adopted and estimates made, and that it
should be built according to that plan and esti-
mates. They assumed to act upon them. Yet,
next year they asked for an additional appropria-
tion; and again and again—and here they are
again asking still more.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire to add a word in re-
ply to the remarks of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston.] I
stated here last year that the total sum required
for the Louisville custom-house was §162.745.
This was the sum asked of the House, and they
voted it. Now, the chairman of the committee
says that these contracts were made in Mr. Cor-
win's time. The present Secretary of the Treas-
ury, (Mr. Guthrie,) in the recommendation which
I hold in my hands, says:
" The Department, being anxious to bring the whole ex-
pense of tins within the amount appropnatral, directed some
alterations and curtailments in the pl.i n.-. and readyertised
for further bills ; but owing to tlie great advance m the price
of labor and material", and other causes, the bids were not
within the apptopriation, ami contracts were only made for
the foundations and carpentry work.
"The other contracts arc awaiting the action ot ton-
cress m the matter, and the buildins cannot be eiected in a
feati^factory and propyl manner without the additional sum
of §40,000 estimated tor; but would have to be cut down
in such a manner as would very much injure us appear-
ance, utility, and safety.
Aeart'gate cost of original design by bids  $179,015
Contingencies, estimated at nearly ten per cent.. 16,8< >
$195,899
Appropriation available  155,892
Amount asked foi    
Mr. HOUSTON. Read from page four of that
paper.
Mr. PRESTON. On page four he says:
" Louisville, Kentucky, Custom-House, fyc.—The plans
and specifications for this building were prepared to meet
the purposes contemplated by the act authorizing its erec-
tion—to make it fire-proof, and of a suitable stone exterior.
" Bids were solicited by advertisement of December 4,
1852, for sixty days, the lowest of which were reported to
the Department, by the local architect, as amounting 111 the
aggregate to $179,015, and the appropriation of Maich 3,
1S53, was intended merely to cover that amount, and was
' for proceeding with the construction of the custom house
at Louisviiie,' leaving the incidental expenses of its con-
struction for a further appropriation."
Mr. Corwin never signed the contracts, but
they have heen let under this Administration, and
if the gentleman asks the reason, I might state
that it is possible Democratic contractors may re-
quire a few more thousand dollars than Whigs
would; but the Secretary gives us the true reason,
I presume, which is to be found in the advance of
the price of labor and materials, and the durability
of the building. The old bids were not received,
but the contracts were reopened and relet by the
present Secretary of the Treasury.
I have kept faith with the House, both in the
demand made last year, and in the request made
now. I asked for the appropriation then, and statfd
the reasons, and if the price of labor and materials
has risen since this Administration came into pow-
er, or if the permanence and safety of the building
require it, those reasons are sufficient. It is this
Administration which advises the §40,000 to be
expended in addition; and I believe they have good
grounds for doing so.
Mr. LETCHER.. What is the question pend-
ing ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to an
amendment, proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Durham,] to reduce the appropria-
tion to {,30,000.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not insist upon the
question being taken, and will withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. .Let the question
be put.
The question was then taken on-the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the
amendment by moving to strike out all of the sum
exceptfifty cents. Ifl should be hereforten years
to come I have no expectation that I shall ever hear
the last of this Louisville custom-house. When
I came here at the first session of the last Con-
gress, the gentleman from Louisville [Mr. Mar-
shall] came into the House with an amendment,
asking for $16,000 to purchase a site upon which
this custtTm-house was to be located. He told us
that §75,000 had already been appropriated for the
building, and all that he wanted was §1(1,000 to
pay for the site. The gentleman came here at the
same time with plans and specifications—every-
thing ready to be exhibited—to show that $75,000
would be sufficient to build this custom-house, if ;
we only pay for the lot. At the lest session of j
Congress, my friend from the same district, [Mr.
Preston,] who succeeded Colonel Marshall in this
House, came forward then and told us that it was
utterly impossible to complete this custom-house
unless we would give them $87,745 more. On
the 18th day of February, 1853, he used this lan-
guage here;
" I have thought it best to state at once, on accurate data,
the total cost, arid to embrace in my amendment a sum
sufficient to insure the neces-.ary progress- and certain com -
pletion of this struetuie, and I think lhat ^'^7,745 is amply
sufficient for that purpose."
The gentleman brought bids and plans here, and
we were told that the fact had been demonstrated
clearly, definitely, and conclusively, that the sum
of $87,745 would accomplish the result. That sum
of money was voted for the completion of this
custom-house; but here they come back again
at this session of Congress, and tell us that
the sum of $40,000 is still needed to finish the
building. I really do not understand how this can
be. We have had presented here, session after
session, bids and plans showing what was neces-
sary to build this structure, and after all, when
this House has acted upon them in good faith,
and when we have voted every dollar which they
asked for, they come forward a third time, and
tell us that the representations they have made
to us are not so in point of fact, and that this
custom-house cannot be built for the som of money
which they said was sufficient for that purpose.
Can it be completed for $40,000 ? Is there thesfight-
estguarantee offered to this House, judging of the
future by the past, that they will not come forward,
and" at the next session ask us for forty or fifty
thousand dollars more ? Does not every man
know the fact, that in the construction of these
custom-houses, one of the chief objects in locating
and building them, is to adoi-n and beautify ttie
cities of the country with public buildings at the
expense of fhe Government? To accomplish this
purpose, demand after demand is made upon this
House; appropriation after appropriation is asked,
not for the accommodation of the public, but for
the purpose of adorning and beautifying the cities
of Louisville, Cincinnati, and other cities where
these buildings are located.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EWING. I have listened with some at-
tention to the objections which have been urged
against this appropriation, but it seems to me that
they do not apply to thecase under consideration.
They are objections to the whole history of the
legislation of the country in reference to such sub-
jects, and which might very well be made to a
proposition for universal reform, if such a propo-
sition were before us; but do they go to show that
the sum asked for in this solitary case, for the
completion of the custom-house in Louisville,
should not be granted ? 1 do not learn that a single
argument has been offered by any of the various
gentlemen who have spoken to-day to show that
the sum is not needed.
We know the fact exists, that in the history of
the legislation of this Government, an expenditure
I of untold millions has been made upon the Atlan^
! tic sea-board, and in the support of the Army am™
Navy of the country. Now, if this expenditure
, can be reduced—if a general reform can be effected
! —letushaveit. Butif the amount already expend-
! ed be insufficient for the completion of this build-
! ing—and that is the only controversy at .issue—
I why, make this appropriation; but if the amount
i already appropriated be sufficient to complete this
j work commenced by the Government, then grant
| no more; but what sort of policy would it be to
undertake to expend a hundred and sixty-odd
thousand dollars upon a custom-house, and then
leave it unfinished, as a monument of the disap-
probation of this House in regard to the previous
course of the Federal Government, or as to the
course of the Executive Department of the Federal
Government in the management of appropriations
made by Congress?
Sir, what is the objection? Has a solitary gen-
tleman upon this floor presented a single argument
to prove that the money is not necessary to finish
this custom-house? They tell you they have been
promised heretofore that the amount already ap-
propriated would be sufficient. Well, sir, suppose
the Representative from Louisville did makeamis-
takein'his calculation—suppose a former Secretary
made a mistake in his calculations, and the sum
heretofore appropriated is still not enough for the
completion of the work—is it best to leave it a
monument of the prodigality of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and make no further appropriations?—
for, as I have said, no one has attempted to show
that further appropriations are not necessary to its
completion.
i Sir, we cannot undertake to effect that reform
i upon this solitary appropriation. For one, I as
earnestly desire to see it effected upon all the ap-
' propriations of the Federal Government as any
' member of this House; but can you accomplish it
! by denying this petty appropriation for the eom-
; pletion of a custom-house at Louisville? If it be
1 not opoosed upon that principle, upon what pnn-
i ci pie can it be opposed ?_ Has too much been
o-iven to the city of Louisville by the Federal Orov-
eminent'—too much for the State of Kentucky r
I If we regard only the relative appropriations made
: to the different States of the Union, I tell gentle-
men that we, in Kentucky, have seldom asked for
1 appropriations upon this floor; and while I would
' not ask for this appropriation simply from the fact
' tliit we have not heretofore h&u oni sh&rej still, if
' the principle upon which the money necessary for
' the Louisville custom-house rests be that we have
had too much in Kentucky, I deny that we have
had more than our fair share of appropriations.
,1 cannot see the appropriateness of the aigu-
nients of the members of the Committee on Ways
and Means, who have addressed fhe committee
