1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IBTT
the other House, for an action not done in^he
House ? *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair in-
tends to decide, and does decide, on his recollec-
tion of the rule, that the rale is limited to what a
member of the other House says or does, while
engaged in the business of the House, and that if
out of doors he sees fit to say or write anything
in regard to a Senator, he may be alluded to by
that Senator as any other citizen of the country
may be.
Mr. PETTIT continued his remarks. When
he reached that point of his speech where he said:
" That is, he did not, by an open, bold, manly,
statesmanlike act, but with the still, sly, cunning,
and stealthy action of the thief in the night, and
with the serpent's guile in his heart and a lie on
his tongue" -
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair thinks the Senator is not in order.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 am not speaking of what he
has done now, but of what he did in 1836.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No matter.
The Chair thinks that in this mode of discussion
it is not in order, to use language of that character
towards any member or a citizen.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask leave of the Senate to
finish rny remarks. They are'out. few. Will the
Chair put it to the Senate whether I shall go on
or not?
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the Senator,
that in his defense of himself, he had better pass
by such words as those which he has just used.
For one, I prefer not to hear them. I would
rather he would pass them by and go on with his
other remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senator be
allowed to proceed. This is a pretty severe con-
test, unquestionably.
Mr. PETTIT. He pitched into me without
cause, and I want to pay him back. I always
pay my debts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senator
from Indiana be permitted to proceed. It is noth-
ing more than justice that he should have the op-
portunity to defend his own character from the
assaults made on him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will, with great pleasure, submit the question to
the Senate; " will the Senate allow the Senator
from Indiana to proceed out of order?"
Mr. PETTIT. That was not in the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Chair decides it in
that way, I shall appeal from the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decided the Senator to be out of order in the lan-
guage he had used. The Senator from Arkansas
moved that the Senator from Indiana have leave
to proceed. The Chair will, with pleasure, sub-
mit the whole question to the Senate, if it is de-
sired.
Mr. GWIN. The motion is that the Senator
from Indiana shall be permitted to proceed, and
the Chair adds to that " out of order." That is
not the question before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Why, Mr. President, though I
did not, hear the last remarks of the Senator, 1
understood the Chair to decide they were not in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MASON. Then I submit that, if after that
decision, a motion be made to allow the Senator
to proceed, of course it is that he be allowed to
nroceed out of order. The proper cburse will be,
I presume, for any gentleman who dissents from
the Chair, to appeal from the judgment of the
Chair.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the rule of the Senate and the parlia-
mentary law to be, that he may submit any ques-
tion of order to the Senate. He is not bound to
decide it. He may submit it to the Senate. In
this instance, the Chair has stated already that he
will with pleasure submit the question to the Sen-
ate whether the Senator from Indiana is in order,
if it be desired; or he will submit the other ques-
tion that he have leave to proceed in his remarks,
as the Chair thinks, out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I moved that he have leave
to proceed.
Mr. DAWSON. I dislike to interfere with
this matter, but I am one of those who have been
uniformly opposed to individual differences being
made the subject-matter of discussion in this body
when there is no question before it justifying such
a course. If we allow this to be done now, it be-
comes a precedent, and members of the other
House who are attacked, will repiy, and it will
lead to unpleasantness and unkindness, and de-
stroy, in a great degree, the character of this
body.
I admit that my friend from Indiana has strong
grounds to ask this favor, but I beg of him to take
some other manner to lay his views before the
country , withoutmaking all of wj partakers in the
transaction. For one, I agree with the Senator
from Michigan, that it is better for the Senator
from Indiana to pass over that part of his obser-
vations in whjch he was indulging when called to
order. Of course he can publish them on his own
individual responsibility. I have no feeling about
that; but 1 submit, as a question of propriety, to
my friend from Indiana, whether he ought to in-
dulge in such language in the Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 was nearly through, and I
should like to finish. The Senate gave me unani-
mous consent It) go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas,
that the Senator from Indiana have leave to pro-
ceed in the same order of debate in which he was
proceeding before.
Mr. DAWSON. Proceed in order.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 shall vote against giving
! permission to proceed in this case, after the de-
! cision of the Chair. I understand the Chair to
have decided the remarks of the Senator from In-
diana to be out of order, as reflecting personally
on a memberof theother branch of the Legislature.
Though not professing any accurate knowledge of
parliamentary rules, I have, sincel have been in the
body, a recollection of but one case similar to the
! present. That was a case in which a letter had been
I addressed by the correspondent of the New York
I Express, I think, to that paper, which was offen-
sive to the then honorable"Senator from North
i Carolina, [Mr. Mangum.] He asked permission
' of the Senate to make a personal explanation. He
j obtained it and proceeded. He confined himself
' to the comments made in that paper, and made no
! allusion to any party whatever. He rebutted the
statements, showed their falsity, and was very
severe in his remarks. At the close of his re-
marks, after making his comments, he said that
he understood the author of that communication
was a member of the other House. He was in-
stantly called to order by gentlemen all around the
Senate Chamber, and he took his seat at the mo-
ment. The rule was avoided in that case in that
way; but during rny experience in the Senate, I
have never known an instance in which a member
of the House has been suffered to be attacked de-
liberately in this body, by a review of his conduct,
II either for his official action or for his action ouU-
!: side of Congress.
! I haveafurther suggestion to make, and I make il
!i in all kindness, for I admit certainly, that the hon-
; orable Senator from Indiana has the highest cause
i for provocation. I think the letter to which he has
)i alluded was both undignified and imprudent, and
11 not proper to have been written; but it was a let-
ter written to the newspapers, and nota.statement
j made in the House of Representatives, and, there-
! fore, it seems to me that a correction, or a rebuttal
|! of it, or any comments on a paper of that charac-
I ter made by a member of the other branch of the
Legislature, ought to be in the same mode and by
the same medium by which the attack was made.
With these views, I shall be constrained to vote
against this motion, because I think if this course
be allowed to be pursued further, (and if you al-
low it in one case you must in others,) the ulti-
mate result must be the creation of a state of feel-
ingly embittering the members of the two Houses
against each other, which will seriously impede
the progress of public business.
Mr. WELLER. I ask whether, under the rules
of the Senate, questions of this sort are not to be
decided without debate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. WELLER. Then I call for the enforce-
ment of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas,
that the Senator from Indiana have leave to pro-
ceed in the order of debate in which he was en-
gaged at the time the Chair called him to order.
Senators who are in favor of that will say "aye," '
those opposed will say " no."
The question being taken, there were—ayes 12,
noes 20; so that Mr. Johnson's motion. Was not
agreed to. .
Mr. DAWSON. I now move that the Senator
be permitted to proceed in order.
Mr. CASS. That was my idea in voting for
the other motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. It is a very difficult matter to
say what is in order. It seems that a man who
has been attacked cannot characterize the conduct
of another with anything like what it merits. I
am now not speaking of a member of the other
House; but I am speaking of the acts of a Sena-
tor in 1836.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana will, perhaps, allow the Chair to
state the ground of his decision, and let the Senate
hear it also ?
Mr. PETTIT. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair en-
tertains the opinion that it is not in order in the
Senate to allude to anybody in language which is
so discourteous and exceptionable as to give rise
to difficulties among members here or out of doors.
Mr. PETTIT. He ought to have had that ad-
monition before he wrote this infamous letter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state, further, that the con-
duct of a man may be remarked on here in lan-
guage sufficiently strong, without using any such
opprobrious terms. Such opprobrious epithets
are not in order. This is the ground of the decis-
ion. If the Senate think the Chair wrong, he will
certainly have no objection to their so deciding.
Mr. PETTIT resumed and concluded his re-
marks.
PETITIONS.
Mr. COOPER presented certain documents in
relation to the claim of Robert Johnston, to locate
certain land warrants of \yHfch he is the holder,
but which were irregularly assigned or transferred;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of W-
Hunter, praying compensation for his services as
acting Secretary of State during a part of the time
when the late Daniel Webster was Secretary of
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. *
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I present the
memorial of George Frazier, a citizen of Califor-
nia, claiming compensation for losses sustained
by the seizure of his property, false imprisonment,
&c , by the Mexican authorities of Upper Califor-
nia from 1840 to 1843. 1 have delayed presenting
this memorial for some time, under the hope that
either by treaty, or the action of our Government
through its Minister at Mexico, Mr. Frazier would
receive that indemnification to which he was entitled
I from the late board of commissioners on Mexican
! claims, which so strangely neglected honestclaims
' like this, and passed those which have since been
I branded with fraud and forgery. But I have now
I no hope except from the justice and equity of
I Congress, and I bring the case before this body,
i and move its reference to the Committee on For-
; eign Relations.
| The motion was agreed to.
i " MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
i A message was received from the House of
! Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
1 announcing that they had passed a bill from the
■ Senate, confirming a certain land claim .in Louis-
! iana known as the Fleurian claim.
i Also, that the House had passed the following
j bills; which were then read a first and second time
I by their titles, and referred to the committees as
I annexed:
! A bill'for the relief of Daniel Steenrm'—Com-
1 mittee on Claims.
A bill for the relief of John S. _>nes and Wil-
! liam H Russell, survivin? partners of Brown,
j Ru&ell & Co.—Committee, cn Military Affairs.
I A bill for the relief of Gilbert C. Russell—
| Committee on Clair>„s.
I A bill for the relief of Thomas C. Greene—
! Committee --.-n Private Land Claims.
' A ' . resolution directing the accounting offi-
