1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
than their fellows, it is true; but they will not
suffer in the comparison.
. I ask, then, how does the institution of slavery
operate upon the black race? It operates like a
charm. We have slaves among us eminently
worthy of respect and confidence. We have fe-
male servants that, in point of manners, morals,
and principles, far surpass many white servants.
But free them, and they are valueless; they are
valueless the moment you knock their shackels
off. I appeal to those around me in support of
the position I take. I contrast the slave of the
South, the genteel, well raised, obedient slave of
the South, with the free negro of the North. It
is a principle universally understood, known, and
conceded as a fact, thatif you take the best raised,
best cultivated slave, break off his shackles and
send him a freeman, to the North especially, or
even if you free him at home, the chances are
nine out of ten, that he becomes a degraded man
and a worthless vagabond.
I advert to these things now, sir, not in re-
proach or anger. I can only say to the House, m
the name of God, spare us from the polished and
elegantlanguageofthe member from Ohio. [Laugh-
ter. j Let this Hall be no longerdesecrated or de-
graded by such unbecoming, unworthy, unfrater-
nal displays as we have had here to-day. Let us
cultivate a refined, and delicate form of speech, so
that we may utter no word of unkindness or re-
proach calculated to disturb the relations which
should animate us. Let us alone, gentlemen of
the North. I repeat, in the name of God and the
country, let us alone. Give us our equal rights.
Convert us, if you can, but give us our equal
rights; and we will never utter a word to compro-
mise harmony and amity.
$ I thank the committee, and I thank you, Mr.
Chairman, for the patience with which my re-
marks have been listened to. i have, I trust.
" Nothing extenuated, nor might down in malice."
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Asjbuiiy Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that they had passed Senate bills of the
following titles; m which he was directed to ask
the conctnrencc of the House:
An act (No. 17H) to incorporate the National
Hotel Company, of Washington city;
An act (No. 3H4) for thejehef of t ran^ois Cou-
sin; and
An act (No. .158) to make compensation to
Henry Cronchey for extra services.]
Mr. KERR. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The CHAlRMAi^. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Olivkr] is entitled to theiloor.
Mr. OLIVER took the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Missouri will yield me the lloor that
1 may make a suggestion to the committee.
Mr. OLIVER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. The House closes the debate on
the deficiency bill on Tuesday of next week.
Monday commences the territorial business. The
House has adjourned over to-day until Monday,
and if this committee do now rise, and the House
adjourn, the gentlemen who have obtained the
lloor to speak upon this bill m Committee of the
Whole wdl not have an opportunity to make their
speeches upon it, because, when it is again taken
up, it will be under the five-minute rule,and mem-
berscan then only speak to amendments. 1 think,
myself, that it would be as well for the committee
to rise, and let the 1 louse reconsider the vote agree-
ing to the proposition to adjoin n over, so that we
may resume our session to-morrow, and allow
gentlemen who desire so to do to make their
speeches. I am not in a condition to move for
the reconsideration myself: if I were, 1 would
make the motion.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Oliver] permit me to make
a remark r
Mr. OLIVER. Certainly.
Mr. BAYLY. It is true theie is a special order
for next week; but that special order has already
been once postponed 
Several Members. "No!" "No!"
Mr. BAYLY. Well, it can be postponed at
any rate.
[Cries of " No, it cannot!"]
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Oliver] has acted with unusual courtesy on
this occasion. He is now unwell; too much so to
go on with his speech this evening. I therefore
do think that the committee ought to rise.
Mr. COX. I understand that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sapp] is ready to go on with his
speech to-day, if it would be the pleasure of the
committee; and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Oliver] would not lose his right to the floor when-
ever the committee shall sit again.
Mr. COBB. I hope that suggestion will be
agreed to.
[Cries of " Agreed!" " Agreed!"]
Mr. PECKHAM. Is it in order to move that
the committee rise ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, unless by the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sapp] who has the floor.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 thought I had the floor
for the purpose of the motion, before the gentle-
man obtained it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Oliver] had the floor, and yielded it
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sapp,] who is
now entitled to it.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS•
Mr. SAPP then took the floor, and addressed
the committee on the Nebraska question.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MAXWELL obtained the lloor, and said:
I propose to address the committee on the subject
which has been under discussion, but the evening
is too far advanced for me to go on now.
Mr. BOYCE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee acooidingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 'i7l, " to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the serviceof the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1854," and the amendments of
the Senate to said bill, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. KNOX. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn; and upon that motion 1 ask for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. There is a communication
on the table from the President of the United
States, which the Chair will present to the House,
if the gentleman from Illinois will withdraw his
motion for a moment.
Mr. KNOX. I withdraw it for that purpose.
PROTECTION OF IMMIGRANTS-
The SPEAKER then Said before the House the
following message from the President:
To the Scnutc and House of Representatives:
5 transmit to Congress a copy of a correspondence be-
tween the Secretary of Plato and her Bntarnue Majesty's
Minister accredited to tin** Government, and between the
Heeret.uy of S tare and the £ee etary ofllieTuwury, relative
to the expediency of hnther measiu e- fin tin: safety, health,
and comfort ol'iniinifn'anW to the United States by sea; and
as U w ptohable that further legislation may he necessary
toi the puipos-e ot securing those desirable objects, I com-
mend the subject to the consideration of Om^re*---;.
FRANKLIN PJ13RCE.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the message was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordeied fo he printed.
Mr. KNOX. I now renew my motion to
adjourn, and the call for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Cannot we reconsider the
vote by winch the House determined to adjourn
over till Monday?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman fmm Vir-
ginia voted in the affirmative, he can submit a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 want to make a speech
against the deficiency bill, if i can gel a chance to
do so.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ;%nd it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 25, nays 19.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at ten minutes past fouro'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned until Monday, at
twelve o'clock, m
IN SENATE.
Monday, *Mai/ 1, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Postmaster General, in
further compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
calling for information in relation to the annul-
ment of a contract with J. W. Kelly; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tnnpore presented an act
passed by the Legislature of the State of Rhode
Island, by which they reverse and annul the judg-
men* of the supreme court of that State for treason,
rendered against Thomas W. Dorr, June 25,1844.
It was read, and ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of clerks employed intheUni-
ted States armory at Harper's Ferry, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHASE. I ask leave to present a petition
of citizens of Moirow county, Ohio, who *ecm
to have become very thorough convert s to the prin-
ciple of non-intervention, for they pray the repeal
of the whole Missouri compromise, for the repeal
of all laws enacted by Congress in reference to the
subject of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
in the Territories, and for the repeal of the fugitive
slave act. I move that.it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of inhabitants of Burlington, New Jersey,
praying a reduction of the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Horatio
Gates Cook, praying to be allowed the half pay
to which his father, David Cook, was entitled for
services in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of the Plantation
of Bancroft and vicinity, in Aroostook county,
Maine, praying the establishment of a mail loute
from Haynesville, through Bancroft Plantation, to
Weston; which was refeired to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TOUCEY presented two petitions of to-
bacconists residing in West Suffield, Connecticut,
praying that a specific duty of forty cents per
pound be levied on all cigars imported into
the United States; which were referred to the Com
mittee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of citizens of New Haven,
Connecticut, praying that measures may be taken
to secure to American citizens residing or traveling
in foreign countries the right of religious liberty;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Meriden,Con
necticut, praying a reduction of the rates of ocean
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New York, remonstrating against the repeal of
the Missouri compromise; which was ordered to
he on the table.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Milfovd, Mas-
sachusetts, praying a reduction of the ratet. of
ocean postage; winch was referred to the Com
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented a document in favor
of the establishment of a mail route, by steamboats,
between Chattahooclne and Columbus; winch
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of George
W. Harris, praying that Congress may pass an
act to vest in him the copyright to the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth volumes of the Pennsyl-
vania State Reports; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of John Garvin, praying for
indemnity for expenses incurred in taking care of
and supporting Thomas Garvin, who became an
invalid in consequence of exposure during the last
war with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also,a memorial of the Pittsburg and Connells-
ville Railroad Company, praying a donation ot
