1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
land, and credit on rails imported for the use of
that railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition of citizens
of Chester district, South Carolina, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Chester Court
House to Cedar Shoal; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
of citizens of the United States, professing the
Jewish religion, praying that measures may be
taken to procure for citizens of the United States,
of every creed, a just degree of civil and religious
liberty, while residing or traveling in foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of steamboat
officers and engineers at Cincinnati, praying that
measures be taken to make " Evans's safety i
guard," against the explosion of boilers, free to j
the public, by the purchase of his patent right or
otherwise; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of J. M. Hernandez, in be-
half of the claimants to the indemnity under the ninth ar-
ticle of the treaty with Spain, of February 22, 1819, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HAMLIN". As I am about to be absent
from the city for some time, I desire to ask the
Senate to excuse me from serving any longer on
Ihe Committee on Printing. It is a committee
.which requires almost daily attention. As 1 am
on two other working committees, and am com-
pelled to be absent for a few weeks, I hope the
Senate will excuse me from serving on that com-
mittee.
The motion to excuse the Senator was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the President
pro tempore be authorized to fill the vacancy.
The motion was unanimously agreed to; and
Mr. Johnson was appointed.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from serving on any of the standing committees
for the residue of the brief period during which I
am to remain a member of the body. I am a
member of the Committee on Printing, and of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
am under the necessity of leaving the city for the
purpose of conducting my family to Connecticut,
and I hope, therefore, that the Senate will accord
me this favor.
The Senator was excused; and the President
pro tempore was authorized to iill the vacancies
thus created.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fessenden to supply the vacancy in the Commit-
tee on Printing-, and Mr. Seward to supply the
vacancy in the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
SUSPENSION OF THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
requested to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
President of the United States, during any future recess of
Congress, to suspend by proclamation, either wholly or
partially, the operation of the act " in addition to an act
{ for the punishment of cp) tain crimes against the United
States,' approved the 20th of April, 1818;" and also of the
act supplementary thereto, approved l()th of March, 1S38;
should, in his opinion, the public interests require such
total or partial suspension ; such suspension not to exceed
the period of twelve months; and the causes which shall
have induced the President to proclaim it to be communi-
cated to Congress immediately on its first meeting there-
after.
Mr. SLTDELL. Although the resolution which
has just been read is, on its face, sinaply one of
inquiry, I think it proper to state, at this time, the
motives that have induced me to present it. I
consider it one of great importance; it is not
brought forward as a mere formality, but as the
basis of substantive, direct, and, as I hope, prompt
legislative action. I am quite conscious of the
gravity of the responsibility assumed by a Senator
taking the initiative in such a matter; but, with
the firm conviction I entertain of its necessity, 1
should feel that I was recreant to my duty to the
nation, and especially to the State that sent me
here, were I to shrink from it. The duty, more-
over, is distinctly imposed upon me by the action
of the Legislature of Louisiana. On the 16th of
March last, joint resolutions on the subject of Cuba
were unanimously adopted. I have since been in
the daily expectation of receiving official notice of
them; but from neglect to forward a copy, or from
some irregularity of the mail, they have not yet
reached the delegation in an authentic form. I
have a copy which I believe to be correct, but do
not feel at liberty to present it formally, as I am
advised that it would not be in conformity with
the usage of the Senate to do so.*
Some months since, Mr. President, I was as
skeptical as any one on this floor could be about
the existence of any concerted plan to Africanize
Cuba, i use the word, not for the reason that it
has become fashionable, but because it plainly
conveys, to my mind, at least, without periphrasis,
the complex ideas of emancipation, confiscation,
pillage, murder, devastation,and barbarism. Past
experience has led me to be surprised at nothing
that England might attempt to prevent the posses-
sion of this magnificent island by her great com-
mercial rival, a rival destined to be, in a very few
years, if, in fact, she be not already, m that respect,
her recognized superior. Still, I could not bring
myself to believe that Spain, with all her pride
and obstinacy, would prefer the destruction of a
flourishing colony, peopled by her own sons, to
the prospect of its transfer, at some future, per-
haps distant day, by honorable and peaceful ne-
gotiation, to a friendly nation, for a price that
would extricate her finances from that gulf of seem-
ingly hopeless bankruptcy in which they have been
so long plunged.
if the Senate will indulge me, I will state now,
as briefly as possible, the reasons that have led me
to the full conviction of a well-understood purpose
between Spain and England, in which France is
certainly a confidant, and probably a participant,
for the Africanization of Cuba.
On the 8th of April, 1852, Lord Malmesbury,
British Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, ai-
rected RisMinister at Washington,in concert with
the French Minister, to propose to our Govern-
ment " a tripartite convention, by which the three
nations should bind themselves severally and col-
lectively, to renounce, both now and hereafter, all
intention to obtain possession of the Island of Cuba,
and to discountenance all attempts to that effect on
the part of others." This proposition was made
to Mr. Webster, then Secretary of State, but no
definite reply was made to it while he remained in
office. His successor, however, Mr. Everett, under
date of 1st December, 1852, declined the overture
in a paper which will be forever remarkable in our
diplomatic history, for its high-toned nationality,
and a vigor of stylefcorresponding with the import-
ance of the question. Let us now trace the origin
of this joint proposition of England and France,
on the 20th October, 1851. Lord Palmerston, then
British Foreign Secretary, writing to Lord How-
den, his Minister at Madrid, says:
" With reference to the passage m M. Miraflores's note,
in which lie states that the Spanish Government cannot
* Joint Resolutions of the Legislature of Louisiana, passed
16th March, l&fM. <
Be it rehvloed, That we view with alarm the recent and
avowed change that has taken place in the policy of the
Spanish Government in Cuba, the manifest tendency and
result of which must be the abolition of slavery and the
destruction of the white race hi that country.
Resolved, That we believe such an event will have a
most pernicious effect upon the same institution and inter-
ests in these States; that it will destioy the social ami po-
litical existence of that inland ; that it will material ty aflVot
the natural law of American progress by precluding forever
the admission of Cuba into this Union ; that it will create
in our immediate vicinity, and almost within sight of our
own shores, a government administered by an inferior and
barbaious African race, under the immediate influence of
European interests <tnd ideas, and adverse to the pure
American influence which should predominate on this con-
tinent and its adjacent islands; that it will menace the se-
curity of the outlets of ail our southern and southwestern
rivers and harbors of the Gulf of Mexico, of the American
Mediterranean, of the new great highways of commerce
through those seas and across the Isthmus of America;
and that it will materially endanger the intercourse between
our Atlantic and Pacific States.
Resolved, That we approve of the sentiments expressed
m the inaugural message of General Pierce, relative to the
extension of our limits and the prevention of the establish-
ment of prejudicial influences around our southern border,
and of those laid down by his Excellency Governor ilebert
in his late annual message.
Resolved, That we deem the time has arrived when the
American people and the Federal Government should take
a great and active interest in the proceedings of Spain and
other European Powers in Cuba, in order to prevent the
establishment of measures and institutions prejudicial to
our own safety and welfare.
understand liow her Majesty's Government cau seriously
recommend a measure which would prove very injurious
to the natives of Cuba, when they also recommend that the
Spanish Government should conciliate the -affections of
those Cubans, I have to instruct your lordship to observe
to M. Miraflores, that the slaves in Cuba form a large por-
tion, and by no means an unimportant one, of the people
of Cuba, and that any steps taken to provide for their eman-
cipation would, therefore, as far as the black population
is concerned, be quite in unison with the recommendation
made by her Majesty's Government, that measures should
be adopted for contenting the people of Cuba, with a view
to secure the connection between that island and the
Spani^ Crown; and it must be evident that if the negro
population of Cuba were rendered free, that fact would
create a most powerful element of resistance to any scheme
for annexing Cuba to the United States, where slavery still
exists.
" With regard to the bearing which negro emancipation
would have on the interests of the white proprietors, ltmay
safely be affirmed that free labor costs less than slave labor;
and it is indisputable that a free and contented peasantry
are safer neighbors for the wealthy classes above them than
ill-treated and resentful slaves."
On the 9th of January, 1852, Lord Howden
thus writes from Madrid to Earl Glanville, who
had come into the Foreign Office on the re^gna-
tion of Lord Palmerston:
(C By the anxious desire of the Spanish Government, I
take the liberty of calling your lordship's attention to the
wish, widely entertained here, that, through the friendly
interest and influence of England, an abnegatory declara-
tion on the part of France and the United States, and of
England, of course, might be made with regard to Cuba."
This invitation of interference from Spain was
evidently brought about by the communication of
20th October, and others of a similar character.
On the 24th April, 1852, Lord Malmesbury com-
municates to Mr. Isturitz, Spanish Embassador
at London, copies of the project of a convention
to be proposed to the United States by the British
and French Ministers at Washington, and the
Marquis de Miraflores, on the 30tn April, 1852, ®
thanks Lord Howden in the warmest terms for
his agency in having brought about this conven-
tion, or rather proposition for a convention. Mr.
Isturitz, in a memorandum, which has no date,
but from the order in which it appears in the par-
liamentary document from which f quote, must
have been addressed to Lord Malmesbury between
the 8th and 30th July, 1852, says:
" Iler Catholic Majesty desires that, should the Govern-
ment of the United States not adhere to the declaration re-
specting the island of Cuba, intrusted to the British and
French Itepresentatives at Washington, England and
France would declare on their side, uiat they never will
allow any other Power, whether European or American, at
any time to possess itself of the Island of Cuba, either by
cession, alienation, eonquest, or insurrection of the same.
Any such declaration made by the two Powers collectively
would answer the intention put forward on a former occa-
sion by the United States, never to allow a European Power
to possess itself of Cuba. It would, moreover, be in con-
sonance with the idea which, according to information re-
ceived by Iler Catholic Majesty's Government, at present
prevails with the French and British Representative?, to
whose care the negotiations now pending at Washington
have teen intrusted."
On the 12th July, 1852, the Marquis de Mira-
flores, in writing to Mr. Calderon de la Barca,
states, very openly, what Mr. Crampton, in writ-
ing to Lord Malmesbury, on the same day, had
only indirectly alluded to, "the inexpediency of
urging too strongly the pending questions, whilst
the result of the presidential election lemains, as
yet, undecided." Mr. Crampton says:
" Two months, however, having elapsed without our
having received any further communication from Mr.
Webster on this subject, and certain circumstances regard-
ing the internal political state ot the country, (these must,
of course, have been the presidential nominations,) which
M. Sartigesand myself had reason to believe were the cause
of the delay, no longer existing, we thought the time had
come when it would be well to bring the matter again under
the consideration of the United States Government."
This was done on the 8th July, when the pres-
idential nominations had been made. But the ill-
ness and lamented death of Mr. Webster prevented
his replying. I have already offered my feeble
tribute of praise to the able, thoroughly American,
and, if he will allow me to pay him, what to some
of his admirers may seem an equivocal compli-
ment, Democratic reply of his successor. By the
way, if the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts, whom I regret not to see in his seat, has
no special reason to the contrary, he would greatly
gratify my curiosity, and, I doubt not, that of
many others, if he would explain the great dis-
crepancy between his letter, as Secretary of State,
dated December 1,1852, and President Fillmore's
message, communicated to Congress only five days
after; for the objections urged in the latter against
the acquisition of Cuba, will apply with equal
