.1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
When I resisted it before, Mr. President, I al-
luded to the fact that there is not a city in America
which would riot gladly take the seat of Govern-
ment, and solemnly stipulate never to approach
Congress for an appropriation, but would pave
and clean its streets, buiid its court-houses, light
its thoroughfares, and water its circumlerence it-
self, if you would confer upon it the other advant-
ages which would inure t© it from the erection of
the mighty public buildings necessary for carry-
ing on the purposes of the Government. Yet,
sir, we are to go on, year after year, with these ap-
propriations, while, at the same time, the smallest
one which comes up for the benefit of other por-
tions of the country, and especially of the West—
appropriations for the most immaterial custom-
houses for that growing1 portion of the Republic,
where the business of the country so much re-
quires them, are resisted and fought to death. I
shall not detain the Senate, because I know it
would be in vain to do so. I know there is a
majority here for this appropriation; but I hope,
sir, this thing is to be resisted. 1 resist it now,
because if this appropriation be made now upon
the yeas and nays, we shall hereafter, as in the
case of the Capitol extension, be called to go for
it as acquiesced in, and, as a matter of course,
that resistance will be vain.
Mr. PRATT. On Saturday last, if I recollect
correctly, without a dissenting voice, we voted for
a bill proposed by my honorable friend who has
just taken his seat, appropriating, I believe, up-
wards of three millions of acres of land towards
some object of importance in the limits of his State.
There was not a dissenting voice to it. I did.not
hear anybody dissent from it. A larger appropri-
ation could not be made for the whole Distuct of
Columbia, as a general thing, in any one year; so
that I do not think it comes with a very good
grace from my honorable friend to oppose this ap-
propriation upon the ground which he does—that
the representatives of the people, or of the States,
are illiberal to the section of the country which he
so ably represents. Mr. President, that certainly
should not be an argument addressed to the Sen-
ate. If he supposes that this is an extravagant
appropriation; if he supposes that the amount is
larger than is necessary for the purpose, 1 can un-
derstand th®, the Senator would be obliged to vote
against it. But he is not jusuficd in going against
it on the only ground which he has presented.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I regard this as part
and parcel of a series of propositions tending to
the wasting of the public money in this city; and
whatever arguments may be adduced to me, I in-
tend to oppose this, and those.
Now, sir,.the bill to which the Senator alludes
gave not a single dollar, nor did it diminish the
resources of your Treasury one cent. Of that the
Senator is aware, if he knows anything about it.
He knows that, in that bill, the price of the alter-
nate reserved sections ^.vas raised to 4,2 50 an acre:
that is, double the minimum price at winch they
are now sold. Not one dollar is loft to theTieas-
ury by that bill. If, by yourlegisiation,any sys-
tem can be devised by which this work could be
done as that railroad is proposed to be built, so
that alternate sections in the possession of the
Government would be doubled m price along the
line ofthe water-woiks, I should most readily as-
sent to it, and cheerfully vote for it.
Sir, I made no charge against the Senate of want
of liberality. I referred, m general, to Congress;
and I repeat what I said. There is not thesmallest
appropriation proposed for the West which is not
resisted. The proposition providing for theopen-
ing of the Belize to the great cities of the West,
and making an appropriation of $100,000 for that
work, which is one of immense magnitude; the
proposition for the clearing out of the rapids, a
short distance alsove St. Louis, to that vast region
of country, and appropriating $100,000 for that
work, is resisted and fought, as all appropriations
for the V/est are resisted and fought. A propo-
sition to make the smallest appropiiafion for a
custom-house in Detroit—a city of immense im-
portance, one of the greatest upon the lakes—is
resisted by all the means which are known to
legislative rules.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 am disposed to vote for an
appropriation for the erection of water works in
the city of Washington. I think there is a neces-
sity for them. Any enterprise that will tend to
the building up of thB_fcity of Washington, and
make it a more comfortable residence, and give
greater security to the public propeity should be
adopted. I have drawn up an amendment to the
amendment, which will accomplish the object. It
is the same as, or one of a similar character to, a
proposition which was offered in the House.
Provided, That the city of Washington shall contribute
concurrently with the United States, a sum rqtia! to o;ie
third of tile tola! expendituie on (he said woi k, and that for
tlie puipose of pioviding tor such expenditure, the city of
Washington sh-dl be entitled tocontraet a loan payable at a
period not longer than twenty years, and shall before con-
tracting tor the loan, levy a special annual rax sufficient for
the payment of the interest and redemption of the loan at
maturity, the pioceeds of which lax shall be exclusively
appropriated to such purpose. - i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. If I heard the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana aright, it proposes
that the city shall nuse a certain sum, one third of
the amount which the work will cost, before this
appropriation shall apply. Substantially it is that;
or, in other words, it proposes a joint partnership
between the General Government and the city. I
submit to the honoiable Senator from Louisiana
that it is not -worth while, in this case, to adopt j
such a principle. The Government has now com- |
menced this work. 1t has rntide the first appro- i
.priation for it; a Government official has made the
survey. It is now undertaken by the Govern- i
merit; and my humble opinion is, that if it is to
be prosecuted and completed at all, it ought to be
by the Government in a way satisfactory to the
Government; and this joint partneiship is a thing !
that will not, in the end, attain any good object.
1 will say further, that what I regret about these
things is this: I recollect, when this measure was
fiist brought forward, that I was at the he® of
the Committee on the Dis'.iictol Columbia, and
I tpok a great interest in the matter. 1 was then
apprehensive that, after it was commenccd, after ;
we took the initiative, after we made an expendi- ,
ture of money, we should abandon the work, as
it seems we are about to do. I shall regret it very !
much. It must be evident to every perf*>n that j
water is necessary, for the health and comfort of -
this city. Whether the plan proposed is not a
little more expensive and extravagant than it might
be, I am not prepared to say. I have not thor- j
oughly investigated that matter. Some gentlemen, j
who seem to understand it better than I do, say
that it is rather an extravagant scheme, and Lliat
water might be supplied at a much cheaper rate.
But I am not prepared to ei ter into that. What :
1 mean to say is, that if we conclude to go on
with the woik, we ought to do it ourselves,
and not enter into a partnership with the city, for
after all we should be compelled to pay the one
third which we now endeavor to assess upon it.
It would come to that ultimately. We must either
do the work ourselves or abandon it; and, for one,
as we have commenced it, and as I think it abso-
lutely necessary for the health and comfort ofthe
city as well as of those who visit it, I am prepared
to sustain it.
Mr. SLIDELL. So far as the people of Wash-
ington are concerned, I think we are under no
greater obligation to supply them gratuitously
with water than weare to supply them with bread.
In reference to the necessities of the Government,
ami making provision for the national buildings,
and the convenience of the persons employed in
the discharge of duties for the Government, I lwve
nothing to say against that; but 1 say very frankly,
that if the alternative were presented to me, either
to abandon the work, or to carry it on at the
whole expense to the Government, 1 should vote
for abandoning it. It is said that the plan pro-
posed is more extensive than it ought to be. I
have no doubt, that if the city of Washington,
in the fust instance, had been willing to assume
the responsibility of this work, it would have re-
pudiated so enormous an expenditure. It would
have adopted a moi e economical plan, and , 1 think,
the effect of resisting this work now will be to
create a cooperation on the part of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown.
It has been said that the city of Washington
has not been consulted about it; that the plan has
been drawn up by a Government officer; and th U
if we establish a partnership between the city and
the Government, we shall have to meet all the ex-
penses in the end. I cannot see that that will be
the case. According to the amendment which I
have proposed the city of Washington is -free to
accept or reject the proposition. If it rejects it the
work will stop, and 1 am willing that it should be
stopped; and then, I think, next year the-people
ofthe cities of Washington and Georgetown Would
consent to it, and be prepared to enter upon.some
economical, and at the sai e time, efficient plan to
supply water.- I have no doubt that that will be
the effect of incorporating such a provision.
Mr. MASON. If this were an original question
as to the plan to be adopted for these water-works
and the appropriation to be made for them, I do not
know that I should sanction so large an opera-
tion as the plan which has been agreed upon, but
I do not feel that the Government can now change
the policy which it entered upon some two years
ago in reference to this subject, without incurring
a wasteful expenditure. I understand the history
of the subject to be this: some two years ago
Congress appropriated $5,000 to enable the Pres-
ident to have the necessary surveys made, and to
ascertain from what point and* at what cost an
abundant supply of water could be secured to the
city. The President employed certain officers of
the engineer corps to make the examinations.
Those examinations were made. The reports
were made to the President. He submitted them
to Congress, They were upon various scales,
proposing to bring water from various points.
One, I think proposed to bring it from the stream
which divides this city from Georgetown—Rock
Creek; another from the Potomac, at the Little
Palls; and a third from the Potomac at the Great_
Falls. The expenditure necessary to do it would
be proportionate in each case. Congress referred
the subject back to the President of the United
States with the reports, and left it at his discretion
to adopt that plan which he should think most ad-
visable and best, and appropriated $100,000 to
commence the work. The President exercising
the discretion vested in him, adopted the plan to
bring the water from -the Great Falls upon the
statement which was laid before him, and which
had been before Congress. He has expended the
$100,000'to commence the work; and now it is
proposed to cut this off. I readily agree with' gen-
tlemen in saying that it seems a very large sum
of money to be appropriated in aid of the city of
Washington, which honorable Senators say ought
to take care of itself, or at least contribute some-
thing towards it; but, sir, thecity of Washington,
we know very well, stands in a peculiar relation
to the other large cities of the country. It was
planned and laid out, not by the people of Wash-
ington, but by the Government of the United
States, and most extensively planned and laid out
for a city. The streets were made very large and
wide. There are large Government reservations
which cannotbe filled up. The jurisdiction of the
city extends over these streets and reservations,
and their expenditures, therefore, are very largely
increased, not by their own-act, but by the act of
the Government. The Government property is
exempt from taxation; and it owns not only the
ground on which its buildings are erected, but a
large amount reserved. In that condition of things
the apparent jurisdiction of Washington extends
over a large space over which they have no juris-
diction m fact. It thus results that their taxation
is inordinately increased in proportion to the
amount of property; and I think there is a great
deal due to the city of Washington as a consider*
ation. But there is another thing to be considered.
Public men are brought here from all parts of the
! Union, and are now required to stay here nine or
ten months in each alternate year in the discharge
of their duties. Now, we know that nothing is
' so necessary for comfort and health as an abund-
ant supply of cold water; and I submit to honor-
able Senators, who are dispersed all over the city,
whether, in their respective quarters, they have
that abundant supply ? I, for one, in my experi-
; ence, live in a part of the city where the supply is
much diminished; and I know another thing. I
know that there are nuisances in t'nisciiy neces-
sarily existing, which are confined to the stirfi-ce
because, if they were sunk below the surface, the
water which we drink would be polluted. As long
as we are in that condition, the health of the city
cannot be preserved. It is perfectly idle to pro-
pose to divide the expense. The city of Wash-
ington, with its present large debt—and it is large
in proportion to its means—cannot supply one
third or one fourth of the amount of mon&y neces-
