1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
force in all future time, or at least, until the races
that nowcompose its population shall be extermin-
ated. The African and Spaniard must alike dis-
appear, before Mr. Fillmore could consider its
acquisition desirable. If England be allowed to
have her way in the matter, this problem will soon
be more than half solved. The Spanish race will
have ceased to exist; and the African, if left to
its own resources, with the enormous dispropor-
tion of males to females now, according to the last
census, existing in the island, will rapidly melt
away. The overtures of France and England
having been thus definitively rejected, Lord Johr.
Russell, in his dispatch to Mr. Crampton, of Feb-
ruary 16, 1853, which was by him communicated
to our Government, closed with this very signifi-
cant remark:
" Filially, while fully admitting the riglitof the United
States to reject the proposal made by Lord Malmesbury and
M. deTurgot, Great Britain nsiwt at once resume her en-
tire liberty, and upon any occasion that may call for it he
free to act either snigly or in conjunction with other Powers
as t<^her may scmti fit."
This implied menace seems, by the declaration
of Lord Clarendon on the first night of the present
session of Parliament, in the House of Peers, to
have been carried out, at least so far as mutual
promises between France and England go Recol-
lect that is the Secretary for Foreign Affairs who
speaks:
Ci l will further add that the union between the two Gov
ernmcuts has not been confined fo Ike E-istern question
The happy accord and good understanding between France
and England have been extended beyond H.tsfern policy to
Ihepohcj alll-crtng all parts of the world, and I am heartily
rejoiced to hay that there is no jiottion oj the tiro Aemis-
phercs with regard to which the policy of the two countries,
however liereioiore antagonistic, is not now in enure har-
moiiv. [Cheers.] Thus, ihe.n, my lords,at leastonegreat
good will have been secured by these transactions—that two
great, and hitherto rival, nations have leatnt to know and
to appreciate each other better, to rcp-et the. fallacy that
they are each other's, natural enemy,and to be ready to act
heartily together m any just and righteous, cause." [Cheers.]
Now, there is another matter which to many,
indeed to most Americans, will appear too trivial
for notice here, but which to me seems of very
grave import. In the recent duel at Madrid, be-
tween our Minister and the French Embassador,
M. de Turcot, Lord Howden, the representative
of a Government where duelling is not only a
felony at law, but where—what is much more im-
portant—public opinion permits the penalties of
the law to be enforced, acted as the second of the
French Minister; and, although this happened
some three or four months since, he has not been
recalled, nor have we heard that he has been even
reprimanded for his conduct.
That I may not be misunderstood, 1 would here
disclaim any idea of censuring the course of the
principals in the duel. Each of them, no doubt,
thought that it could not be avoided without the
risk of rompromiting his honor. I5ut, on the part
of Lord Howden, there could be no possible obli-
gation to go out with M. de Turgor, and he cer-
tainly would not have done so, had he not felt
assured, ir* advance, of the approbation of his gov-
ernment. I have taken some pains to inqutie, and
leas ri that there can be nowhere found a parallel
case. While on the subject of Lord Howden, 1
cannot refrain from saying that his very emphatic
denial, addressed to an old and valued friend of
mine, Mr. F. P. Corbin, of Virginia, of any in-
terference, past or present, actual or intended,
with the emancipation of the slaves m Cuba,
would have commanded from me more implicit
credence, if he had alluded to the letter of Lord
Palrnerston, of theSOrh of October, 1^51, and said
that he had abstained from acting on it. His
reticence respecting so important a fact, having a
direct connection with the subject on which he was
writing to Mr. Corbin, cannot, without excessive
charity, be ascribed to inadvertence or forgetiul-
ness.
To satisfy the Senate that this doubt of the fair-
ness of Lord Howden's denegation is not unwar-
ranted by the facts, I will read that portion of his
letter, dated Pans, 14th November last, m which,
after denying m the most positive terms, every
assertion that England wished to Africanize Cuba,
he proceeds to specify " what had been, during
the last three years, his negotiations with the
Spanish Government respecting Cuba, that it
miirht be seen that there was not the slightest
foundation for the rumors thathad been circulated
in the United States:"
" Firstly, I have been making unceasing representations
at the number of slaves annually imported into the island,
and complaints of the almost open manner in which the
traffic was carried on under the very noses of the Captains-
General, always excepting the excellent General Concha.
Secondly, I have been making fruitless attempts to get the
Spanish Government to declare the abominable traffic in
men piracy—that is to say, to follow the example of the
United States in this particular. Thirdly, I passed my time
in anxious ^solicitations to obtain the ultimate and complete
freedom of those negroes called ' liJmancipados,' which
have been fraudulently detained in bondage since the year
1817, m disregard o( treaties. I rejoice to say that the
Spam&h Government ha* listened to the dictate-* of justice
and humanity, and has granted me this boon. Fourthly, I
have been endeavoring to procure an abrogation of that in-
tolerant and immoral law, by which foreigners wishing to
settle in Cuba are obliged to change their religion, on the
somewhat startling principle (not understood elsewhere)
that becoming bad men is a satisfactory preliminary to be
coming good subjects.
"To these official negotiations I have added, at various
times, friendly and officious exhortations to improve the
internal system of the island, by facihtatingthe administra-
tion of justice, and by hbcialixing the nominations to office
and employment among the natives of the i*land. You
I will see what I really have done, or rather attempted to do,
' is very different trom what [ am said to have done in your
papers- When the true state o! the case is known, and ig-
norance or malevolence dispelled, I even reckon upon the
good wishes of your countrymen m the success of the
measures I ask, so consonant with your own laws and in-
stitutions. In all that I iiave here told you, with entire can-
dor, the United States can only see the natural working of
10ni>Iaud''s declared and unchanging policy in ac.uise which
i< dear to her ; and Spain herseil mu<t feel that, m days, like
these, unless she executes her engagements and modifies,
her intoleiarsee, she can never hope to enter again, and as
she ought to do, into the hierarchy ot nations."
Let us compare these bold, unqualified asser-
tions, that ail his negotiations with the Spanish
Government respecting Cuba have been fully
stated by him, with the record which I hold in my
hand, and see how completely they are falsified.
His letter to Lord Glanvilleof 9th January, 1852,
I have already read, and have alluded to that
of the Marquis of Mirafiores, of 30th April, and
from which I will now read extracts, and it will
be seen that I have qualified Lord Howden's volun-
teer declaration to Mr. Corbin by the mildest pos-
i sible term, as a reticence, the " suppressio Deri."
J " It is highly gratifying for me to be able to oiler, m reply
' to yom lordship's note, (conveying a copy of the proposed
| tripartite convention,) a new testimony o! the lively sutwlac-
! turn which the Government of Her Majesty feels in reflect
ing upon the manner essentially beneficial* for the common
inteiesM of Spain ami England, with which your lord-hip
fills the high mis-ion confided to you by yom august Sov-
, ereign at this Couit. I beg > our louiship to accept the sm-
i cere and e\prc^ive thanks which I give you in tin: name of
j the (ioverinnent of Her Majesty, for the «'tfieaciou< mannei
! in which you have contributed to the happy issue ot the
negotiation which forms the subject of the present com-
I municution.1'
I Might I not, with perfect propriety,have gone
I further, and charged theBim.sh Minister at Mad-
rid with the uescition of a falsehood? But it is
quite us evident that he is an equally unreliable
witness in a much more important matter. His :
agency m the pioposed bipartite convention might
have been safely avowed; not so in relation to the
suggestion of Lord Palrnerston of the emancipa-
tion of the slaves. Lord Howden still represents
Ctueen Victoria at Madrid, and yet, if he speak
the truth m his letter to Mr. Corbin, he had, since
^the 20th of October, 185), failed to piesent the ar-
j guments in favor of emancipation, which he was
' expressly instructed to urge upon the Spanish
j Government. The habitual discipline of English
i diplomatists, their strict and prompt obedience to
' the instiuctions of their official chiefs, are well
! known, and Lord Palrnerston,a thorough martinet
I in the administration of the Foreign Office, was
1 the last man to tolerate anything like contumacy
| or neglect of his oiders. We are bound then to
I believe that Lord Ttowden did say to M. Mira-
i flores what he was instructed to sny,«.nd the most
1 favorable construction we can place upon thedis-
crepancy is, that the archives of his legation, not
: being at hand to refresh his memory, the fifth and
■ sixth and most important subjects of his negotia-
: Hons had escaped his recollection.
I Another and more natural, if less charitable solu-
j tion, may Le found in the supposition that Lord
| Howden, knowing that his cabinet was desirous,
| from the threatening aspect of the Russian question,
; to remove suspicions of the existence of a convention
I between the three Governments respecting Cuba.
| found it convenient to profit by the opportunity
presented by Mr. Corbin, to effect his object. His
■ letter, on so grave a subject, to a citizen of the
I United States, eminently respectable, but occupy-
| ing no public position,is altogetheranomalous, and
j contrasts strongly with the habitual reserve of
English diplomates. It was widely circulated in
Europe and the United States, and could not have
tailed to attract the notice of Lord Clarendon, and
yet we have no intimation in any of the London
journals of its not being approved by him. Si-
lence in such a case presumes not only assent, but
approbation, and commentary upon so gross a per-
version of the truth in so high a quarter, would be
superfluous. To say the least of it, it presents no
very favorable specimen of the fair dealing of the
English Cabinet.
There is one thing in Lord Palrnerston's letter,
which cannot fail to strike even the most casual
reader; it is the recklessness of the assertion, with
the experience of Jamaica and every other West
Indian colony where the experiment of emanci-
pation had been tried, fresh and full before him,
that " free labor costing less than slave labor,
negro emancipation would promote the interests of
white proprietors, a free and contented peasantry
being safer neighbors for the wealthy classes than
ill-tieated and resentful slaves."
Let us now see how far the idea of a concerted
plan for the emancipation of the slaves in Cuba is
borne out by the action of the authorities of the
island. It is a matter of notoriety that the Span-
ish officials there have repeatedly and openly de-
clared that, in the event of the insurrection of the
Creole population, they would not only emanci-
pate the slaves, but arm them against their masters;
but, until very lately, nothing had been done to-
wards the realization of this threat, and utterance
had not been given to it in any official form. The
Creoles of the white race are the great slave pro-
prietors, and whatever may be said to the con-
trary, aie, with entire unanimity, opposed to the
Spanish domination, and desire, either by revolu-
tion and subsequent annexation, or by purchase,
to enter into our Confederacy.
On this point, I speak not from mere conjecture
or report, but from personal observation, and 'he
most reliable sources of information; and the fact
will hardly be questioned, when 1 cite as a witness,
the late Captain General Canedo, who, m a circu-
lar addressed, on the 29th October, 1853, to the
subordinate officers in the island, said:
" Convinced, as is the Supreme Government, that ir can
onl_v eount upon the efficacious adhesion of the Spamauh
ot tiie Peninsula, (Spain,) and of the traders; and persuaded,
aNo, that the (Creoles are all its enemies, or, at least, that
Ihey ,ire indifferent to the triumph of the hol\ cause of Ilcr
Majesty, anil that, in the course of time, their fortunes will
be contributed to serve the purposes of the revolutionary
traitors, you will proceed," &c.
The threat of a servile war is sufficiently clear
in the proclamation of the same Captain General,
on resigning the command of the Island to his
successor, General Pezuela, on the 3d December
last; he then says:
" Remain obedient to the Supreme Government and to
the officers it sends you, and never for a moment forget that
the I'di/ existence and the name of Cuba depend upon its
continuing to be a Spanish posses-ion."
Mr. Barrenger our late Minister to Spain, in his
dispatch of 14th December, lb52, confirms this
view of the subject :
'• It is said that as a la^t report to prevent its (Cuba)
| falling into the power ot the United State*, or becoming a
j fiee independent Slate by revolution, secret orders have
I been issued to emancipate the f-lave<, and place arms in
I their hands for the maintenance of their own rule and au-
, thorny m the island, and that is the true reason ot the recent
j increase of the slave trade in that island, in violation of
j public treaties It is repeated a  a motto in the public
! press of Spam, that Cuba mil1"! alw av*« he either '' Spanish
' or African." What the future may bung forth it is impo*-
1 sibb- to M-e ; but thi-=, certainly, is the prevalent feelmy and
i determination in Spain, in reference to the aspect of af-
i fairs and the final destiny of the Island of Cuba."
! General Pezuela was known m Spam to enter-
i tain notions favoiable to the emancipation of the
slaves. He lost no time in proclaiming them in
Cuba, lie entered upon his office on the 4th of
December, and on the 8th an article appeared in
the official paper, the " Dmno de la Marina," in
which the policy of emancipation, as a necessary
concession to European opinion, was very plainly
, indicated. Justly to appreciate the value of quo-
i tations from this journal, it will be proper to show
; what are the relations of the press in Cuba to the
■ government. The 44 rules for the censorship of
I newspapers" declare:
(i U shall be the duty of the censor to inform the civil
Governor, within the day of the publication ot the nevvs-
i papei subject to his revision, ot the publication of any aru-
; cle winch has been inserted without his approval, or with.
; alterations.
i "Art. 14. All articles: which treat of political oi admini«-
ii trative matters, shall be submitted to the censor, without
