1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
more reasonable proposition of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. SLIDELL. It has been suggested to me
that the amendment, in the form in which I of-
fered it, simply imposes the obligation upon the
city of Washington to contribute two thirds* of
the actual appropriation made by this bill. I have,
therefore, modified myamendment by insertingin
the proper place the words, " and agree to pay in
like manner the same proportion in all future ap-
propriations."
Mr. COOPER. There is a good deal of justice
in the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maryland; but, notwithstanding, I think that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Louis-
iana ought to be adopted. I admit that the United
States ought to do all that is necessary in the way
of appropriations for all purposes c<Hmected with
the public business and public wants of the Gov-
ernment in this city. But the citizens ought to do
something for themselves, and 1 think it would be
better for them that they should know that they
were compelled tt> rely upon their own resources.
Now, as the Government is contributing thus
largely to the comfort, and security, and health of
the city, it is not at all unreasonable that the city
should be asked to aid, as far as the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana proposes, in this
great work intended for its own convenience, as
well as for that of the Government. Appropria-
tions are asked for by the city from year to year,
and very exorbitant appropriations have been
made, to such an extent that the people of the
District begin to rely entirely upon Congress, and
complain if Congiess does not appropriate all the
money which is necessary for their local purposes.
Now, sir, while Congress ought to do all that is
necessary for its own credit, for the erection of
buildings consistent with its extent of territory,
and its own greatness and power, it is no reason
why the citizens, as the citizens of all other por-
tions of the country do, should not contribute at
least a proportion of the money necessary to beau-
tify, adorn, and render convenient this great city
of the notion.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana. I do not
think it would be a matter of economy, so far as
this expenditure is concerned. It would be a sort
of indefinite partnership between the Government
and the city of Washington; and I think the end
of it would be that the principal expenditure
would fall upon the Government, and perhaps the
difficulties that would grow out of this not very
well defined partnership would belarger. i think
the expense ou<rht at once to fall upon the Gov-
ernment. This city has none of the means that
other cities have for the purpose of raising money
to make these improvements. It is not a manu-
facturing town; it is the seat of Government; and
a large portion of its citizens are those who are
employed by the Government to do the duties of
the different offices belonging to it; and as it is
important to the health and comfort of the city,
and to that of the employees of the Government,
who number thousands, and as it is a matter of
necessity for the protection of the public prop-
erty, I think we should at once go to the expense
of erecting the water-works, nnd I shall therefore
vote against the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. I aminclined,formy part, to
support something like the amendment offered by
the Senator from Louisiana; but there is one point
yrhich, it seems tome, lias escaped attention. The
matter is treated in the course of debate very much
as a matter of favor entirely to the city. It is, how-
ever, by a good many admitted that the Govern-
ment has a very deep interest in the erection of
these water-works, not only for the facilities which
it would give to the transaction of public business,
but also for the secuiity which it will afford to
the public records. It is treated by gentlemen as
if this were a favor entirely to the city; but J call
upon gentlemen of the Senate to reflect for one
moment upon the immense amount of public prop-
erty owned within this city by the Government,
not one particle of which is taxed to defiay any
portion of the expenses of the city—not one par-
ticle of which is subject to taxation. This I un-
derstand to be the case. All the public buildings
here are relieved from taxation; all the public
lands that are within the limits of the city, in .the
shape of lots, are also exempt from any descrip-
tion of taxation, and the value of these amount to
millions of dollars. Cast up that item, if you
please, in your mind, and look back through
the great number of years during which ail this
property has been here, and during which the
city has gone on in the discharge of its^ duty in
all other respects, and yet has not received into
the Treasury one cent of revenue from taxation
on this public property. Suppose that the pro-
portionwhich each individual pays, and has paid
all the time, in the shape of taxation upon the
property which he owns, were taken as the ratio,
and applied to the public property—suppose you
were to estimate what this Government would
have paid if it had had to contribute the same
proportion of taxation that the individual citizen
has already paid; and. then suppose you were to
compare that with the sum now asked to be appro-
priated for a purpose not exclusively for the city,
but also for the benefit, the protection, and the
security of the public property here, and for
further facilities in the transaction of the public
business, what case would that present you with ?
Sir, I do not look upon the matter entirely and
exclusively as one that we are doing for the city, or
as a matter that we have a right to draw ourselves
back from entirely, in consequence of the fact that
the city has some interest in it. I cannot but thirfk
that the Government, which has so very large apor-
tion of its public property here, property of such a
very great value exempt entirely from taxation,
should take one of two courses—either contribute
something towards its protection, its security, and
its facilities, or else subject the public property to
its share of taxation; so that that tax iftight go in
aid of these necessary objects. This Capitol
alone has cost millions of dollars; the President's
House has cost immense amounts—how much I
cannot say, for I have never seen an estimate
made upon this point. Then there are your State,
your Treasury, your War, your Navy, your In-
terior, and your Patent Office buildings. You
have vast numbers of buildings all through the
city. You have large amounts of landed property,
anu none of it pays anything at all in the shape of
taxation into the city treasuiy. I imagine that it
would be tailing short of the mark to say that
within the limits of this city there are $20,000,000
worth of public property.
Then, sir, these twenty millions pay no tax
whatever to contribute anything towards embel-
lishing or improving the city, or towards throw-
ing around it those guards and that protection
which, unquestionably, every city is compelled
to maintain.
Now, my honoiable friend from Iowa, [Mr.
DoDfiti,] for whose judgment I always have the
highest regard, and in whose integrity I have the
most implicit confidence, as well as whose gene-
rosity 1 am always prepared to expect, and know
I shall find, a full and fair amount, alludes to the
sum which, since 1850, has been expended by the
Government within the limits of this city. 'There
have been expended $2,500,000 or $3,000,000.
As he asserts it, I have no doubt of the cor-
lectness of the statement. But how have they
been expended. Were they expended in this
city for the benefit of the city? If 1 should ask
him myself, he would readily reply, no, that it ,
was not expended for the benefit of the city, but |
for the erection of public buildings, and other |
matters in this city that were material, and obso- i
lutely necessary for the tiansaction of the public j
business, and the protection of the public prop- I
erty. If, on the contrary, we were to charge each I
of these expenditures as an obligation conferred ;
on the city, why, then, this city is under a load i
of obligation which no one has seemed heretofore j
to estimate, because the very same declaration and '
extent of obligation must, exist towards each in- j
dividual citizen within the city who has ever ex- !
pended a dollar on his own account. ■ !
I cannot help but look at it, then, that the ex-
penditures made in this city, and for the interest i
of the public, are matters that carry with them ;
no obligation upon the city itself, although it may I.
be an incidental benefit to the city in that it gives ij
employment to a population which has come !;
here, and consequently wields the amount of bus- '|
iness done by those transacting business in the i
limits of the city. If the Government being hwe i;
is a benefit to the city, and the city is therefore ii
under obligation to the Government for the amount jj
of money which may be expended by the Gov- li
eminent in its -buildings, then every individual
in the city, who builds a house or performs the
slightest act that leads to an ekpeifUiture of money,
becomes a public benefactor, and. art obligation
exists on the part of the city towards him; and
you therefore announce an amount of obligation
that renders the whole argument an absurdity to
me. It seems to me that is clear beyond all con*
tradiction.
The simple question then would be, what is the
equitable proportion for the city to pay? And if you
desire to arrive at strict equity, go back and esti-
mate from the beginning the amount of money
which you should have paid, if you had paid tax-
ation on your property in the proportion that
each citizen has done. What would it have ac-
cumulated to, if you had paid the same tax,
through all the time that has passed, upon the
Governmnnt property ? Would it be $500,000?
I imagine, sir, it would be very far above the
whole appropriation that is now proposed. Still
I am inclined to support the view and principle
adopted in the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana, with a slight exception. I should pre-
fer the proposition suggested by the chairman of
the Finance Committee, to make the amount con-
tributed by the city one fourth instead of one
third; and therefore I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, in anticipa-
tion of the Senator from Virginia offering the
proposition in its modified form.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment of the
j Committee on Finance is based upon the presump-
. tion that the entire work will cost $2,500,000, and
I that it will take five years to complete it. The
; discussion thus far seems to assume the necessity
i of the work, and no dispute exists as to whether
| it shall be completed or not; but the dispute simply
! is as to the proportion which the city of Wash-
ington shall bear in its completion, or whether it
shall bear any portion of it at all. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana is, that that
proportion shall be one third of the whole
amount, which would be $833,333, distributed
through five years; or, in other words, the city of
| Washington, by that proposition, would be called
; upontocontribute$166,666perannum. Asagen-
j eral proposition relative to Government improVe-
I ments here, the Government has always been
bound, and always will be bound to make its pub-
' lie improvements which are connected with the
j administration of its own affairs. The providing
; of water here is of a mixed character,however,and
i is much more wanted by the city, with its large
population, than by those connected with the Gov-
ernment; and no good Reason can be given why
! the city should not bear part of the expense. As
| a general rule, it is better for the healthful admin-
istration of justice here; it is better in every point
of view, that the city itself should always be
[ made to bear a fair proportion of the public ex-
: penditures of this mixed character.
I What is the effect of every public expenditure
here? It is to increase the value of all the city
property. There is no city in the Union whose
, city property has gone on increasing with such
i rapidity as in the city of Washington. It is the
I result alone of the public improvements here. If
you examine the city rents, and the value of thte
real estate through the course of five years, you
will find that it is the immediate result of these
improvements. Will not that go on increasing
1 by the adoption of this improvement? Has there
ever been any public work here which has caused
' a greater influence over the value of private prop-
erty and .taxable property than such a provision
, as this will cause? Certainly not.
Then, on looking at this thing, we ought to cal-
: culate its effect upon private property. Its effect
| upon the Government itself is comparatively tri-
! fling, in comparison with the increasing value of
I the private property of the city. The city ought -
' to bear a portion of the expenses, and I have no
| doubt that if the common sense of the community
! could be taken to-day, that common sense would
I dictate that they should—and they really would—
1 shoulder a portion of the burden for an improve-
ment of this immense character. The difference
between one quarter and one third the entire ex-
penditure of §2,500,000 will be §208,000 to the
city; and that, distributed through five years, will
be a very small proportion. I shall, therefore, in
the first place, vote for the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana.
