1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
corrections or interlineations. The censor shall make
such modifications as he may esteem opportune, noting
them at the foot, and shall sign every leaf of the paper
when he returns it to the editor."
Under these regulations which are stringently
enforced, the opinionsand arguments enounced in
the newspapers of Havana are all approved by
the Government before publication. The " Diario
of the 28th December, has an article on the neces-
sity of a new organization of labor, recommending
the importation of apprentices. It is much too
verbose for quotation, and is written in a very am-
bitious and oracular style; but it contains one
paragraph which cannot be misinterpreted:
"It being understood that what we have in view is to
make a transition from labor that it is entirely compulsory to
the organization of labor under the system of complete free-
dom winch prevails in other countries, it is necessary, pru
dent, and just, that we shall conciliate as far as possible
the exigencies of both extremes. The contract system,
which establishes for a fixed period, a reciprocal servitude
and a reciprocal mastership, is the only possible solution of
«o delicate a problem."
On the 24th December last, a decree was pro-
mulgated authorizing, for two years, the unlimited
importation of apprenticed laborers from Spain,
India, Yucatan, and theChmese Empire. It con-
tains sixty-seven articles, prescribing minute reg-
ulations for the system. But some idea of their
efficacy for the protection of the victims of this
new slave trade, may be formed from the second
clause of the fifth article, which declares that not
more than four persons per ton, including the crew,
shall be shipped on any vessel. Our limit for pus-
Rengers was two to every five tons, and when the
present regulation requiring fourteen square feetof
deck for each passenger was substituted, it was sup-
posed to be a fair equivalent for the old allowance,
if I err, my friend from New York [Mr. Fish] who
has lately investigated the subject of European em-
igration, will correct me. We all know that there
is a vast deal of suffering, and great mortality on
board of our emigrant ships, whose voyages are
altogether made in the temperate zone. What,
then, will be the horrid fate of these Cuban ap-
prentices transported within the tropics on vessels
allowed, by law, to carry ten times the propor-
tioned number of passengers to which our ships
are limited ? With us, a ship of a thousand tons,
which probably is about the average size of our
Liverpool packet-ships, can transport four hun-
dred passengers. The Spanish slaver is permitted
to stow, or rather pack, in the same space four
thousand apprentices. This would seem hardly
credible, yet here is the decree at full, and any one
who chooses to examine it, may find many other
provisions exemplifying almost as strongly the
patejnal care which is to be extended to these fa-
vored objects of English philanthropy. Take, for
instance, article fifty-seven
" The master will only be able to applv the following
punishments: The stocks, prison, and chains from one to
thnty days, with or without privation of salary."
But subsequent articles expressly recognize the
right of the master to inflict other punishment
whenever, in his opinion," the emergency requires
summary action."
I have visited severaUplantations in Cuba where
a portion of the laborers were Chinese, and I know
that they were subjected to precisely the same la-
bor and the same discipline as the negro slaves.
Cannot some of our northern abolitionists spare
a portion of their sympathy for these yellow-
skinned sufferers, or is ebony the only shade of
complexion that can elicit it? Why are not the
horrid details of the sufferings of five or six hun-
dred Chinese, inveigled by English merchants on
board of English ships, under the pretext of con-
veying them to California, and then sold to bond-
age in the Chincha Islands, made the theme of elo-
quent declamation at the Tabernacle or Fanueil
Hall by the Beechers, Jays, Phillipses, and other
orators of the abolition school?*
*The following letter is taken from the New York Na-
tional Democrat:
"The guano is due bv Chinese coolies, or laborers, who
are brought here by~English ships from the tree ports of
their native coasts." The poor fellows are made to believe
that they are going to do well by engaging to serve as la-
borers {or five years at a real ("York shilling) a day, and a
scanty allowance of rice. They fancy, it is said, they
are coming to labor in the gold mines of California. How-
ever this may be, it is certain that they are shipped here in
Englwh vessels, and transferred or assigned (or whatever
the word for such a transaction should he) to the Peruvian
Government. I have known Englishmen who spoke of
having been engaged in the traffic. The Government places
On the 28th December, four days after the pro-
mulgation of the decree authorizing the importa-
tion of apprentices, the " Diario" contained a long
and labored article to prove that none but black
laborers could be usefully employed in agricultural
industry in Cuba. On the 20th January the Cap-
tain General addressed to the several administra-
tive bureaus, and to a few private individuals high
in its confidence, the following circular:
u Gobiernov Capitania General—Being desirous of re-
porting to Her Majesty accurately in regard to the labor ap-
plicable m this island to agriculture, I request that you lay
before me your opinion upon this subject, taking into view
and studying the situation of the slave race relative to our
internal and external relations; and the manner in which
laborers can be increased in sufficient numbers to cover
those requirements of agriculture which are not reached
by the newly instituted system of colonization, the pro-
priety of resorting or not (with due respect to our treaties
with other nations regarding the slave trade) to the intro-
duction of African apprentices ; and finally, the form and
manner in which this system can be best established, and
whatever else may occur to you upon this subject of so
great importance.
'' God preserve you many years.
"EL MARQUES DE LA PEZUELA.
u Havana, 18th January, 1854."
It has already appeared in a New Orleans paper,
but I have received manuscript copies from two
different sources in Cuba; they vouch for its au-
thenticity, and speak of the design of the Captain
General, acting under instructions from Madrid, to
bring about the emancipation of the negroes, as
no longer a matter of doubt. To cap the climax of
usurpation and oppression, an order has been
issued allowing all slaves to hire their time at eight
dollars per month. The Spanish law has always
favored the emancipation of the slave, and to
enable him to acquire his liberty a tariff has been
placed on his labor according to his convertible
value, or the price paid for him. This was ten
cents per day on every $100 value. Thus: a slave
worth $500, by paying his master fifty cents per
day, or fifteen dollars per month, could apply the
balance of his earnings to the accumulation of a
fund for the purchase of his liberty. Six hundred
dollars is the minimum price of a healthy slave,
so that the master, by being reduced from a
monthly compensation of eighteen dollars to eight
dollars, is deprived, by a stroke of the pen, of more
than half his revenue.
Meanwhile the slave trade is going on with in-
creased vigor, the vigilance of English cruisers
has been so much relaxed for some months, as to
justify the belief that the British Government is
conniving at the introduction of slaves into Cuba.
As we know that there is no disposition to pro-
mote the development of the agricultural resources
of the island, to the detriment of their own colonies,
we can draw but one inference from a course
which would otherwise be inexplicable. She has
them on these islands, avowedly under the original contract,
to labor for five years; but who is to know how far this
contract, if'such it may be called, is adhered to ? The truth
is, the poor Chinamen are sold into absolute slavery—sold
by Englishmen into slavery, the worst and most cruel, per-
haps, in the world. There are about eight hundred of the
unfortunate creatures at work on these islands at a tune.
As fast as death thin« them out, the number is increased by
new importations. Theiaboi is severe, much more, so than
that of the negroes on our southern plantations. They are
kepi at hard work in the hot  iiu throughout the day. On
the middle island they are tasked, each one, strong and
weak alike, to dig from the hill and wheel to the mangneras
fire tons of guano each per diem. The guano i« compact,
like hard clay hke Ioain, and as dustv, when dug, as a^hes.
On the north island it has to he blasted for the steam paddies.
It has to be wheeled trom a hundred yards to a quarter of
a mile. The nature of the labor may be conceived.
" The Chinese work almost naked, under a tropical sun,
where it never rains. They are slender figures, and do not
look strong. Negro drivers, the most ugly-looking blacks I
ever saw, are stationed among them, with heavy thongs,
which I have seen them use. The poor coolies have no
hope of reward, no day of rest.
" The smoke of their torment goes up on Sundays as well
as on week days. It blows away in a yellow cloud miles
to leeward, and 1 never see it without thinking what a hell
on earth these islands mn*>t be. That I do not exaggerate
this account, any one who has been here will readily bear
witness. The fact that some of the Chinese almost every
weecommit suicide to escape their fate shows the tiue
state of their case. I was told that more than sixty had
killed themselves during the year, chiefly by throwing them-
selves from the cliffs. They are buried as they live, hke
so inai v dogs. T saw one who had been drowned—it was
not knovn whether accidental or not—lying on the guano,
when I Lrst went ashore. All the morning his dead body
lay in the sun ; in the afternoon they had covered it a few
inches, and there it lies, along with many similar heaps,
within a few yards of where they were digging. On the
north island the Chinese carry heavy water casks, slung on
poles, between two, up the steep hills; they can, in this
way. as well as in barrows, take weights altogether dispro-
portionate to their slender forms."
always contended, that the negroes imported since
the treaty for the suppression of tbe slave trade, in
1817, were entitled to their freedom; and, over
those introduced since the supplemental treaty of
1835, she has claimed guardianship and right of
interference. It is estimated that much more than
a moiety of all the slaves in the island are in this
category. The price of present immunity from
interference must be future emancipation.
This is probably the question in this hemis-
phere on which Lord Clarendon says that the
policy of France and England, however antago-
nistic heretofore, is now in entire harmony. He
cannot allude to any other subject than Cuba.
For several years the two countries acted in con-
cert in their difficulties with the Argentine Con-
federacy, until their final adjustment; and 1 am
not aware of any part of this hemisphere, with
the exception of the United States, where any oc-
casion for concerted action has existed, or can
exist; and as on the surface,at least, there appear
elsewhere no disturbing elements, it would puz-
zle the most ingenious head to imagine where, on
this side of the Atlantic, these loving allies are to
display their harmonious policy, except towards
us in Cuba It is now, fortunately, not improbable
that they will find themselves sufficiently occu-
pied nearer home.
And here it may not be inappropriate to say
how much it is to be regretted that in the Russo-
Turkish quarrel, the attention of the country hefs
not been more directed to the question in its as-
pects as affecting our own political interests. As
between the rude and vigorous barbarism of the
Cossack, and the effete nationality of the Moslem,
I find no room for active sympathy, scarcely even
for an abstract preference. The gratuitous and
unwarranted declarations of our Minister, Mr.
Spence, in his presentation to the Porte, calls for
something more decided than a reprimand. If
made in the terms stated in the newspapers, with
every appearance of authenticity, there is but one
fitting remedy, his immediate and unqualified re-
call. Should the contest, as many believe it will,
(I am not of the number,) be speedily decided
in favor of Western allies of the Porte, Louis
Napoleon living and continuing to wield despotic
power, we may not only abandon all hope of any
early reaction in favor of liberal principles in
Europe, but may look to a probable collision for
whicn we are by no means prepared.
It is true that we have just made one short step
in the right direction: we have appropriated three
millions for a half dozen steam frigates, and have
had the good sense to give a large discretion as to
the mode of construction to the able Secretary of
the Navy, which I fe'el confident will produce,
instead of the miserable abortions under the old
system, ships not unworthy of our past naval
reputation. But England has now fifty or sixty
war steamers afloat, and France as many more—
ready, so soon as their services may be dispensed
•with in the Balticand Black Seas, to illustrate, on
our shores, the happy accord which Lord Claren-
don traveled out of the record so offensively to
state, existed between the two Powers in both
hemispheres. We have fortunately been fore-
warned*, it will be our own fault if we be not fore-
armed. This menace should, at least, have on©
salutary effect—that of checking the disposition to
scatter with so much profusion the public treasure
on every side on objects of more than question-
able justice or utility. We seem to be in constant
dread of financial plethora, and anxious to de-
plete in every way, excepting in preparations for
defense.
With these, as I think, conclusive evidences of
the intentions of Great Britain and France, inten-
tions which, if realized, will soon, after scenes of
blood and horror from which every ojie not
blinded by fanaticism must instinctively recoil,
convert this fair island into a second Hayti, what
course have we to pursue? Shall we remain
passive spectators until the fatal blow has been
struck, or shall we at once put ourselves in an atti-
tude to repel and avert it? & counsel neither nego-=
tiation nor remonstrance an this subject; we ha,ve*
the remedy in our own hands; it is that indicated
in the resolution which I have submitted. Arm,
the President with the simple power to unfettee
the limbs of our people, and the Government will
have no occasion to. put forth the energies of the
nation; individual enterprise and liberality will a*
once furnish the men and the materiel th^t wiU
