1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
APPEAL IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. SXJMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which wns considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to consider the expediency ot' limiting in some way
the right of appeal from the district court to the circuit court
of the United Stateb on mere questions of fact in admiralty
causes.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr, HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the order of the Senate,
asking them to inquire into the expediency of
printing an additional number of the mechanical
part of the Patent Office Report, have directed me
to report the order back with an amendment.
The amendment is simply to set aside two thou-
sand of the number for the Patent Office.
The order referred to the committee was as fol-
lows:
Ordered, That seventeen thousand additional copies of
that portion of the report of the Commissioner of Patents
that relates to arts and manufactures, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The amendment is to add the following:
Two thousand copies of which shall be tor the use of the
Patent Office.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether it is proposed to
print as many copies of the mechanical portion of
this work as of the agricultural? Would it not be
well to decrease the number of the former?
Mr. HAMLIN, The agricultural portion of
the report has not yet been submitted to the Senate.
1 will only say that this number of the mechanical
report is just the number which we ordered last j
year. I should myself have recommended, if it
had been my proposition, to reduce the number of
the mechanical, and increase the number of the
agricultural portion of the report; but still this was
the number ordered last year, and the committee
have unanimously adopted it.
Mr, PRATT. The commission of one error
does not make a subsequent error right, and I
hope the committee will reconsider the views they
have expressed, so as to print more of the agri-
cultural and less of the mechanical portion of the
report. It is very certain that unless the mechani-
cal portion *of the present report is very much
better than that of the last year, it will afford no
information whatever. I submit to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Printing whether,
if he has examined the work of the last year—I mean
the mechanical portion of the report—he can point
to a single description, even of a patent which has
been planted, which he can comprehend, or from
which any one can derive any useful information
whatever.
It seems to me that the other portion of the
work, the agricultural, should have agreater num-
ber printed than the mechanical. I have no ob-
jection to printing as many of this as may be
necessary, but certainly it is not hecessaryto print
as many as were printed last year It is so much
money thrown away.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very evident that the
number of the mechanical portion of the report
should not be equal to the number of the agricul-
tural portion. I think that about that there can
be no doubt. I think, however, that fifteen thou-
sand copies of this may be printed for the me-
chanics of the country. I am not skilled in
mechanics, but still I am inclined to think that a
practical mechanic would derive very much in-
formation from this work. I have agreed to the
number reported because it was the number or-
dered last year.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I agree with the re-
marks of the Senator from Maryland. I am ut-
terly opposed to printing as large a portion of the
mechanical portion of this report as of the agncul-
tuial portion. My reasons for this were suggest-
ed in the committee. I am very well aware that
at the last session of Congress, there was quite an
effort made, on the part of some gentlemen, to ex-
change the agricultural portion of the work for the
mechanical. The formercirculates more generally
than the other in the southern States. We are more
of an agricultural people, and the great body of j!
our people prefer the agricultural portion of the jj
report. I am willing, therefore, to recommit the ;]
resolution, ora^ree upon an amendment to increase jj
the number of the agricultural portion. I move, jj
then, to reduce the number to be printed of the [|
813
mechanical portion to ten thousand copies, and to
increase the number of the agricultural portion.
The resolution proposes to print the usual num-
ber of the mechanical portion. X want to decrease
that, and increase the number of the agricultural
portion.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no question before
us in relation to the agricultural portion of there-
port. It has not yet been sent to the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Then J move to reduce
the number to be printed of the mechanical por-
tion to ten thousand, with the view, at the proper
time, of increasing the agricultural portion.
Mr. BADGER. J will suggest to my friend
from Alabama, that it will require very little addi-
tional expense to print the number reported from
the committee; and if he desires to increase the
number of the agricultural portion, why not wait
until it comes before us? Why strike out the
seventeen thousand in this case, and insert a less
number? I would also suggest to the Senator, that
it is not exactly fair to my friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Retrenchment and Reform,
[Mr. Adams,] for him to submit a motion to re-
, duce the number to be printed. Such a motion
' should come from that committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. I would suggest to my friend
I from Alabama the propriety of changing his
| amendment so as to make it twelve thousand.
That will give the Senate ten thousand, and the
Commissioner of Patents two thousand.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will accept that
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to correct an error
into which the Senator from Maryland has fallen,
and which did not meet my ear when he addressed
the Senate. The Senate last year printed seven-
teen thousand copies of the mechanical poriion of
the report, and thirty-two thousand of theagri-
j cultural—nearly twice as many of the latter as of
the former.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ala-
bama has modified his amendment so as to strike
out " seventeen "and insert " twelve."
The amendment was agreed to, and the order,
as amended, was adopted.
BOUNTY LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed, by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
House bill giving further time forsatisfymg claims
for bounty lands, and for other purposes, to re-
port it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. The time has expired in
which the bounty land claims of the war of ly3 3
can be located. A few days since, I reported from
the Committee on Public Lands a bill lo the same
effect precisely as the House bill. We find now
that since that the House of Representatives have
passed a similar bill, and I am instructed this
morning, by the committee, to move that the
House bill be now put upon its passage. As the
subject has already been considered twice in the
Committee on Public Lands, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to consider the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct, that the act to pro-
vide for satisfying claims for bounty lands for mil-
itary services in the late war with Great Britain,
and for other purposes, approved July 27, 1842,
and also the two acts approved January 27, 1835,
shall be revived and continued in force five years,
from June 2G, 1853.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill proposes merely to
continue the time which has been extended here-
tofore to heirs and minors to locate the lands.
There are a number of them, not very large, still
unlocated, and this extends the act for the term of
five years, as the claims are outstanding, to allow
them to be disposed of. The committee are unan-
imous in recommending the passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, was
read a third time, and passed.
COURTS IN MASSACHUSETTS.
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, the bill to pro- i
vide for the accommodation of the courts of the •
United States in the district of Massachusetts, ■
which was reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, with an amendment, was read asecond
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to empower the Secretary of the
Interior to provide necessary and permanent ac-
commodations for the courts and the officers con-
nected with them, by fitting up and leasing the
same, for a term of not less than ten years, or by
purchase; with the provision, however, that no
purchase shall take place except within the limits
° 'tl aPProPr'ation to be made by Congress.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out the words " not less than ten," so that the
clause will read, " by fitting up and'leasing the
same for a term of years."
The amendment was agreed to. The' bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, the amend-
ment was concurred in, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
MARTIff KOSZTA.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer the following resolution
j and ask for its consideration at this time:
! Resolved, That the President he requested to communi-
i cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
tercut, copies of all communications from the American
legation at Constantinople respecting the seizure of Martin
Koszta by tiie Austrian authouties at Smyrna.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a word in relation
to the resolution. I am very glad that the Sena-
tor from Indiana has offered it, for reasons which
I will state. The papers called for will be needed
when the question comes before us, as itmustand
ought to do; but, in the mean time,I find, by ob-
serving what has taken place in the House of
Representatives, there is a very worthy and ex-
i cellent officer of the United States abroad, who
* has not had justice done to him in the questions
ii connected with this matter. I refer to Mr. Brown,
I our dragoman at Constantinople, whom 1 have
; known from early life. I knew him here, and I
; knew him abroad; and I know that a more faith-
h ful, efficient, and patriotic agent is not in the pub-
Ij lie service. He has so conducted himself, that
|j while he has managed the affairs, of his country
|; acceptably to his own Government, he has con-
| ciliated the respect of the Turkish authorities by
j his prudent conduct. He took, as I am informed
| and believe, a decided partin this matter favorable
) to human liberty and American rights. Efforts
j have been made to injure him; and the worthy
and respectable member of the House of Repre-
| sentatives—with whom I have conversed—from
! his district, where his relatives live, feels a great
interest in the production of these papers; but
! from some difficulty cannot get them in the House
' of Representatives. Iam therefore very glad that
the resolutipn has now been offered with a view
to produce them here.
Efforts have been made to injure this gentleman,
and the Senate may have probably seen the ca-
lumnious reports which were circulated some two
or three years since, that he had brought to this
country an imposter, pretending to be an agent of
the Turkish Government; and for some unworthy
1 purpose of his own, had taken him through the
I country, on that pretense, imposing on the Gov-
! ernment and the people.
1 Now I am able to contradict all this in the most
authoritative manner, for 1 have received from
t Redshid Pasha, lately the Grand Vizier, now Min-
i ister of Foreign Relations, whom I knew as am-
J bassador at Paris, and who is one of the most
I respectable and intelligent men in the Ottoman
! empire, tendering to me his thanks for the personal
] effort I made in this body to aid in procuring an
| appropriation for defraying the expenses of. the
! Turkish agent, Amin Bey, a common practice
| with eastern nations, and expressing the gratifica-
j tion which the Sultan felt at the attention shown
i to his officer m the United States.
i And yet the report went through all the papers
in this country that Mr. Brown had brouehtliere
an imposter, and palmed him off upon the Govern-
ment and the country. I take this favorable op-
portunity in the Senate of contradicting that report,
, and I am very glad that the Senator from Indiana
; has introduced the resolution,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to add one word to
1 what the Senator from Michigan has said. Prom
I facts within my own knowledge, 1 do believe that
! great injustice has been done, by the public press,
to Mr. Brown, and also to Mr. Marsh, our rep-
j resentative; and 1 think it is but just that thecor-
: respondence with these gentlemen should be
communicated. I concur in all that the Senator
{ from Michigan has said in regard to Mr. Brows,
