1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
Legislatures of the States, by a compact of the
different States, are the true constituencies of the
Federal Senate.
In this connection, also, allow me to remark,
that this Government was never understood to be
a Democracy; for so far as regards its original or-
ganization, it was essentially a confederacy of
republics; and so far as regards the character of
this body, it must be so. It was not a confederacy
in which the Executive of a State, representing the
people, might undertake to make an original nomin-
ation, nor in which the people themselves could
make a nomination to this body. This was a
body having an organized constituency, and the
State Legislatures composed that constituency.
I do not wish to be misunderstood. In the or-
ganization of the State governments, the will of
the people should be the prevailing element of
control and representation; in the executive and
legislative departments of such a government the
people should directly make the elections, and
devolve upon such government to make laws, and
maintain its relations with other political Powers.
These State governments should be made the
organs to constitute the relation with the Federal
Government. In thus considering them, thechecks
and balances of a regulated Republic may be un-
derstood and maintained. Such, I think, was the
understanding of the republican statesmen of this
great Confederacy. The States having agreed that
the State Legislatures should make election of Sena-
tors, it is our duty to require thein to stand to their
duty, and discharge the duties imposed upon them;
in other terms, to maintain the republican prin-
ciples of our Constitution. What might be the
■consequence of a departure, I know not.
The manner in which it is proposed here allows
an Execu tive appointment to supersede such a pro-
vision. I do not know to what it may lead. It
must inevitably lead to confusion. The Legisla-
ture of a State may be a different being, in a politi-
cal sense, from the Governor, so far as it may
reflect the constitutional will of the people. The
one—constituted so as to give it a longer existence,
and one of different responsibility—might conduct
to a different standard from a mere popular Execu-
tive for the time being. The one has a complicated
organization, that would relieve it from individual
temptation, to which the other might be subjected.
I have alluded to the precedents; let me now
refer to the Constitution specifically. What is the
Constitution? If this were a new question, I take
it for granted that I should decide, according to the
strict letter of the Constitution, that the limitation
was upon the appointing power, and that the
member holding his seat under Executive appoint-
ment would hold no longer than the meeting of
the Legislature, or no'longer than this body had
official notice of the meeting of the State Legisla-
ture. But I am willing to agree that, according to
a fair and liberal construction of the intendment of
the framers of the Constitution—I wish to consult
their will as far as I can—it may not have been
intended, in the first instance, that eo instanti,
when the Legislature met, the office should determ-
ine, or that the Legislature, upon the very first
day of its meeting, should go into the election of
a Senator. For this reason there has been a lib-
eral allowance of time, so as to give the Legisla-
ture the right to make the election during the
sitting; making "during the sitting" to fulfill the
words "until the meeting," &c., and the same as
to make session and meeting to mean " at which
the election shall take place." To give the words
referred to such an interpretation would but de-
volve on the Legislature—on the Legislature in-
stead of the Executive—the jurisdiction of making
a Senator; and it would seem to me, so soon as it is
devolved on one (with the simple limitation as to
time of performing a duty) it is taken from the
other, without the power of resumption.
I take this broad proposition, that the moment
the Legislature assembles it must necessarily re-
sume the original jurisdiction over the subject;
and if it must resume the original^ jurisdiction
over the matter, the Executive power is exhausted;
and when the Executive power is once exhausted
it cannot be resumed, nor can it be continued. I
do not say that it depends upon the actual exer-
tion of power on the part of the Legislature; but
the very existence of its jurisdiction supersedes
all others, and must be exclusive. As I have
said in my report, the moment the Legislature
meets, the power to make an election exclusively
devolves upon that body, and if this be so the
Executive power must necessarily be exhausted.
I am willing to go very far and say, that there
shall be a liberal time allowed for the exercise of
the legislative power; but the fact that it is not ex-
ercised does not restore an exhausted power. If
the executive power be exhausted upon the meet-
ing of the Legislature, I know no mode by which
it can be restored to the Executive; and it cannot
be done by any legal intendment, or by any fair
construction of the Constitution. The original
power is in the Legislature, and the Governor has
but a power of attorney, revocable the moment
the Legislature meets. It is revoked, to all intents
and purposes, when the Legislature has the po-
tential faculty of exercising its power. In order
to allow it to continue until the exercise of the
power by the Legislature during its session, I
grant it is necessary to resort, as has been said,
to something like the fictions of law, and to regard
the whole meeting of the Legislature as a day, as
a unit, like the term of a court, counting the word
" session" as synonymous with " meeting"—that
is to say, the member, under Executive appoint-
ment, shall hold until the Legislature, at its next
session, shall assume a jurisdiction over the mat-
ter, with the further qualification that during such
session it cannot divest itself of a jurisdiction that
has thrown on it an exclusive responsibility.
It may, perhaps, be going very far to resort to
that apparent fiction. I am not so sure, however,
that it is not one favorable to truth; but if you do
not give it that view, you certainly would subject
the State to some of the objections which have
been made here, as to not being fully represented
in this body. But I am not to be seduced by any
temptations of that kind, to have a State repre-
sented here by my choice, instead of that of the
Legislature. Construction has no terminus to re-
strain its flexibility; anditmightassumeasphere,
| under a liberal ana friendly indulgence, that might
give, virtually, this body the power of selecting, if
not electing, a Senator.
Here, I may say, by way of parenthesis, that if
it depended upon my choice, and, I believe, if it
depended -upon the choice of the Senate—if they
had the power, by construction, of making the
selection—the honorable gentleman from Vermont
would be allowed to retain his seat. X know of
no man whom 1 would prefer to see occupy it
from his State. If I had the choice, I should pre-
fer to see him in it, but the power to make an
election for the State of Vermont is not lodged in
me. It is a power vested in the State Legislature
by the Constitution of the United States; and I
cannot allow any one to come into this body,
except according to the mode prescribed by the
Constitution. I must shut the gate against all
who do not come with a warrant of competent
authority, from the only constituency which I can
recognize here.
Well, sir, I contend that if the ground taken by
the Executive of Vermont can be maintained,
there is no limitation at all to the term of Sen-
ators holding under Executive appointments. The
only limitation that there can be is the next ses-
sion of the Legislature during the senatorial term.
The Legislature, at its first session, might not
, make an election. The Senator would still hold
I his seat, according to the argument of the major-
ity of the committee. It might meet a second
and a third time, and he could still hold his seat,
under an Executive appointment. It might meet
a fourth time, and not make an election; and still
the Senator could remain here. It might go
; further, and, according to the broad ground which
] is taken, when there was a new term to be com-
j menced, the Executive could supply it, or, at least,
1 the old appointment would run on, in spite of any
< objections which could be made to it; because it
j had been made, and the Legislature not having
! thought proper to exercise the right of filling the
| vacancy, that must stand until the Legislature did
i fill the vacancy. Under this construction, there-
i fore, an Executive appointment, which is re-
i garded as contingent and limited, to fill temporary
' vacancies, would be a greater power than the legis-
I lative power to fill these vacancies. That must
be the consequence, and gentlemen cannot dis-
| guise it.
; I have come to the conclusion myself, that it is
' in violation of the Constitution of the United
1 States to allow a member under an Executive ap-
| pointment to sit here any longer than until the
Legislature has met and adjourned; and, in that
respect, a precedent established in thecase of Mr.
Smith, of Maryland, is in the teeth of the claim
now set up, because Mr. Smith only made a sin-
gle issue—he presente4 the question whether he
should hold his seat until the meeting of the Le-
gislature, which was to take place in a day or two
afterwards, or whether he could hold until the
termination of the session of the Legislature. The
Senate decided that he could hold until the adjourn-
ment of the Legislature; a#d he never held it a day
afterwards under the Executiveappointment. This
shows that the common understanding at that day
was that an Executive appointment terminated cer-
tainly at the adjournment of the Legislature.
Not only precedent, but the fair and obvious
reading of the Constitution, it seems to me, is en-
tirely against the pretension set up by the Execu-
tive of Vermont; and I should be very sorry to
see the precedent, which would be set by the
adoption of the resolution of the majority of the
committee, now established. I believe it is one
which flight touch deeply the structure and organ-
ization of this Confederacy, substituting, as it
would, an Executive appointment for the solemn
deliberations of a State Legislature in sending an
ambassador or a representative here. I will never
consent to any such thing.
It has, however, been asked: "Will you deprive
the State of a representative upon this floor when
you have it in your power to allow a representative
to continue here?" and gentlemen say that, ae-
cording to the intendment of the Constitution, and
Democratic equality, we should never allow a
State to be misrepresented when we can prevent
it. According to my view of the structure of this
Government that is more for the consideration of
each State than for the determination of this body.
I would respect more the rights of the independ-
ent States than the Democratic determinations of
the United States Senate.
Suppose this case, that a State Legislature, by
resolution, had refused to make an election, and
in conformity with it a Governor were to refuse
to make an appointment—I admit that I am now
presuming a case which is very extravagant, and
one having something of the character of a revo-
lution, but still it is possible—suppose, then, that
the people" in the State unanimously—this is a
strong proposition—were to meet and send a
Senator here, would it then be contended that we
could so far consult Democratic equality as to
admit such person as a constitutional Senator on
this floor? Sir, if such a man came here, and had
been anointed with all the Democracy that is bot-
tled up in Tammany Hall, he should not take a
seat here with my consent. No, sir; I have no
idea of substituting the Democraticjudgmentof the
Federal Departments for the constitutional rirhts
of the States separately, or as they exist in a rec-
ognized compact. I intend to maintain here, by
my vote, the principles which I assert. I contend
that this is a confederacy of republics, and that
the State Legislatures are the constituencies of
this body; and whenever you break down that
doctrine, and run into anything else, you may
make it one of those Democracies in which the
people will rise up and dictate to us, contrary to
our opinions, under the sanctions of the Consti-
tution.
I have supposed a strong case. The honorable
gentleman from Vermont, (believe, does not rep-
resent what is called a Democratic seat; but if
any gentleman claiming to be a Senator from .New
York were to apply here under the circumstances
which I have stated, and had the favorable voice of
all the Democracy—Hardsand Softs—Tammany
and all—poured out upon him, I could not go con-
trary to the Constitution, to admit him to a seat
here, and he should not have a seat, according to
my notion of the Constitution. Fof this reason,
all the arguments which are used, that we must fill
the seat because it is favorable to views of equal-
ity, Democratic views of the Constitution, do not
at all change my opinion. I will not entertain the
doctrine, that the Senate can have devolved upon
it duties to a State, in maintaining equal represent-
ation when a State has failed to discharge it3 con-
stitutional responsibilities according to the mode
prescribed for it.
Mr. president, I shall not say more. I have
now gone further on this subject than I intended,
and I"have said more than the state of my voice
properly allows me to do. I wished simply to
