mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
put my views before the Senate. They may de-
cide upon the case as they please; and if that de-
cision shall be against that of my judgment, it
will give me no concern, personally.
Mr. BADGER. I yi,eld very readily to the
suggestion thrown out by my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, that we
should suggest to the Senate such doubts or diffi-
culties as we may have in relation to the right of
the honorable gentleman [Mr. Phelps] to a seat,
and give-him an opportunity of hearing them be-
fore he replies. I follow that example this morn-
ing, because I believe it is right; I believe it is due
to the Senate, due to myself, and due to the gen-
tleman from Vermont. Mr. President, I have, so
far as I am able to do it, without hearing the full
and clear exposition of the subject which that
gentleman will give, and as to which I hold my-
self ready to open my mind to conviction, come
to the conclusion that, upon a just construction of
the Constitution, that honorable gentleman is not
entitled to the place which he now occupies on'
this floor. *
I do not think it necessary to follow the exam-
ple of my friend from South Carolina on this oc-
casion, and go into an investigation of the doctrine
of State rights, or the nature of this Government,
for which he has a remarkable proclivity. This
is a question of the construction of a clause of the
Constitution, and must receive the same result,
upon a careful and proper examination of its pro-
visions, whether we adopt or disregard what is
commonly called the doctrine of State-Rights.
Now, Mr, President, I will present in a very
brief space my views upon this question. The
Constitution provides that " the Senate of the
United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof
for six years." It also provides that " if vacan-
cies happen by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of tjrie Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature,
which shall then fill such vacancies." It is clear
that the Constitution has vested the appointment
of Senators in the Legislatures of the several
States; and it is also clear that the provision which
it makes for "temporary appointments" is a pro-
vision for a case of necessity, and of necessity
only. And therefore, in undertaking to expound
the particular language which is used m this
clause of the Constitution, we must consider, as a
key for resolving everything that may be consid-
ered doubtful or uncertain m its phraseology, this
proposition: that the power of appointment is in
the Legislature, and that the power of granting
temporary commissions is a power conferred in a
case of necessity, and therefore all the language is
to be so expounded as to terminate the temporary
appointment with the termination of the neces-
sity. It being clear, that if there be doubt or un-
certainty in the language used, it is to be so ex-
pounded as to terminate the temporary appoint-
ment with the necessity which gave rise to it,
•what is the language of the Constitution upon
which the difficulty or the supposed difficulty
arises?
Two constructions are offered. One is that the
limitation expressed by the word "until" is upon
the power of the Executive to make appointments;
and the other is that it is upon the holding of the
person appointed. I am satisfied, Mr. President,
that it makes little or no difference as to the result
at which we must arrive, whether the one or the
other exposition be given to it. The honorable
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pkttit,] I confess, in
the very forcible and clear argument which he of-
fered here the other day, unsettled for a time all
the previous notions which I had entertained upon
the subject; but I have reexamined it; I have
thought of it with an anxious desire to arrive at
the truth, and I must confess that I have swung
back to my original moorings.
That Senator says that 44 the next meeting of
the Legislature" means the first assemblage of the
Legislature at a session. In my opinion, the
Constitution has itself demonstrated that it means
no such thing; that it uses the word "meeting "as
exactly synonymous with "session;" that it em-
braces not the mere act of getting together or as-
sembling, but the whole process and continued
transactions of the Legislature until an adjourn-
ment closes their session. Let us see if that is not v,
bo. The language is that the Executive "may make i!
temporary appointments until the next meeting of
the Legislature, which shall then fill such vacan-
cies."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. "Will the
Senator, while upon that point, ass I have great
confidence in his legal judgment, allow me to pro-
pound a question to him ?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I ask the
question now, because it is material to the opinion
which I may form of this case. I desire to ask
the Senator from North Carolina, if the phrase,
41 until the next meeting of the Legislature," is to
be taken and construed to mean "during the ses-
sion;" because, by legal and parliamentary lan-
guage, a term of a court or session of Parliament,
at the making of the Constitution, was deemed as
only a day—the day of their inception—and de-
crees and judgments of the courts and acts of Par-
liament were, by English and colonial jurispru-
dence, in force as entered or passed on the first
day of' the term or session. What I desire to ask
the gentleman is this: if ex vi termini "session"
means the entire session, according to legal and
parliamentary language, as used in the Constitu-
tion, would or would not Mr. Phelps, under a
new commission from the Governor, be entitled
to his seat, because the new commission conferred
a temporary appointment to fili a vacancy caused
"otherwise" than by death, viz: the failure of
the Vermont Legislature to fill the vacancy tempo-
rarily filled by Mr. Phelps? and further, is the
vacancy now existing a vacancy caused by Mr.
Upham's death,or the expiration of Mr. Phelps's
temporary appointment? Did not this vacancy
occur after the Vermont Legislature adjourned ?
Mr. BADGER. I think my friend can hardly
expect me to stop here to answer his question,
because it is in reality asking me what are my
views upon the whole subject-matter before the
Senate. I shall endeavor to explain them before
1 get through.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The point
as to which I particularly desire the opinion of the
gentleman is, as to what would be the effect of a
new commission.
Mr. BADGER. I will speak upon each point
in its order; but my friend anticipates a little. Af-
ter conferring upon the Executive power to ap-
point " untifthe next meeting of the Legislature,"
the Constitution adds, " which shall then fill such
vacancies," Now, the word " then " is a word
of reference. To what does it refer? To "the
next meeting of the Legislature." Let us strike
out the word " then," and insert the words to
which it refers as the most unobjectionable method
of ascertaining the meaning of the phrase. It
would then read that the Executive "may make
temporary appointments until the next meeting of
the Legislature, which shall, at such next meet-
ing, fill such vacancies." Whatever the words
" next meeting " mean, when used in the first in-
stance, the word "then," substituted by refer-
ence, means in the second place; and whatever it
means m the second it means in the first. Let us
inquire, then, what it means m the second. Did j
the Constitution mean that the Legislature at their
first coming together, in their assembly, should
proceed to fill the vacancy? Why, surely not.
Such a construction would make the framers of
this sacred instrument, upon which we value our-
selves so much, not only not remarkable for intel-
ligence, but extremely wanting in even the ordi- I
nary capacity to prepare a great and solemn public |
instrument. j
The Legislature is at its first meeting to fill the j
vacancy. Does not that very term demonstrate j
that by first meeting they meant first session, and !
that they did not mean the first act of coming to-
gether,the moment that they were assembled in i
the legislative chamber, or so soon as they were .
organized, and without an adjournment; surely j
not. Then, if the term did not mean that the j
Legislature was to make the appointment the first ■
moment, or the fiist day of their meeting, I pray
you to inform me what limitation is there upon it '
except the whole session, from the beginning to ;
the end? If the Constitution did not confine them j
to an election on the first day, it did not to the i
second, or the third, the fourth, or the fifth dayof i
their session. And therefore the Constitution, ac- '
cording to my understanding, has itself said that !
by the words " next meeting" was not intended i
the first coming together of the members in a ses- 1
sion, btit the session itself. Everything is entirely
consistent, according to my views, with this ex-
position.
The Executive " may make temporary appoint-
ments." Mark, if you please, Mr. President,
that the Constitution does not say that the Exec-
utive may fill the seat. The Constitution consid-
ers a continuing vacancy in the term; but an
acting Senator, a man who is to hold and discharge
the duties until the vacancy shall be filled in the
constitutional method, is allowed to be appointed
by the Governor, who " may make temporary ap-
pointments until Xhe next meeting of the Legisla-"
Xure, which shall then fill such vacancies."
Then, it seems to me, Mr. President, the inter-
pretation upon this clause of the Constitution is
clear, if we look at the mind and intention of the
framers of the Constitution. It was, that in the
case of necessity which grew out of an accidental
termination, by "resignation or otherwise," of
the connection between a member and his seat or
place in this body—the Legislature not being in
session—in that case of necessity the Executive
shall have power to do .what? Not, in the sense
of the Constitution, to fill the vacancy—for the
man who fills the vacancy holds as the party who
held before; that is, for the term—but " to make
temporary appointments" till the appointing body
shall be together, and have an opportunity of fill-
ing the vacancy.
Now, Mr. President, this view of the subject is
in exact accordance with everything that has been
determined by the Senate. I do not undertake to
speculate whether, as my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Thompson] says, the framers of the Consti-
tution were influenced by any reference to the fic-
tion which prevails in courts of law, or the fiction
that prevailed in the Parliament of Great Britain
and the Colonial Legislatures, that all proceedings
referred to and took effect and operation from the
first day of a session. I do notsuppose there was
such a reference, but they have determined the
sense in which they used the word; and, I think,
in exact accordance with the sense I have put upon
it, are the resolutions of the Senate.
Now, the resolution in the case of Mr. Smith,
of Maryland, was that he was entitled to hold,
during the session of the Legislature, unless they
should, by an election, fill the vacancy and notify
the Senate that they had done so, during the ses-
sion. Certainly. Why during the session? Why
did they use that phrase? Simply because the
Senate put upon the words " next meeting " the
interpretation I have given them, so as to mean
the next session. Now, if "meeting" means
" session," this particular point is concluded for-
ever; as to what is meant by the term "next meet-
ing." It is clear that t^e-Legislature can do what
the Constitution requires at the first meeting after
the vacancy occurs, (for the Constitution both
empowers and requires it to fill the vacancy then.,)
if the word "meeting" means "session;" for
then the Legislature can do it at any time during
the session. Then what is to determine the tem-
porary appointment? It is the meeting of the
Legislature, and filling the vacancy; and if the
Legislature adjourn without filling the vacancy,
the whole necessity upon which the temporary
appointment was allowed being gone, the authority
of the party who held under the temporary ap-
pointment granted for such necessity, is, of course,
ended.
We are not, Mr. President, as I apprehend, to
speculate ingeniously about the particular appli-
cation of certain phrases technically in the Con-
stitution. It has been long settled as a rule of
interpretation of that instrument by the highest
tribunal in the country-—by Mr. Madison, and the
other persons associated with him, Hamilton
and Jay—in the letters in which they commended
this instrument to the adoption of the people, that
its interpretation is to be popular, unless where
words strictly technical are employed.
Then look at this question. Is it not plain?
The Legislature has the appointment. But a va-
cancy may arise when the Legislature cannot fill
it. For that necessity the Constitution provides,
and means to provide only until the Legislature
meets, and has the power of filling it—till the gen-
eral appointing authority is in a condition to act.
It is true, as I have said, that authority must be
extended through the whole session, for the very
obvious reason that it cannot mean that they are
to elect at their first coming together; it means
