1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
built? It is already up. Why interfere with it ?
Suppose the diameter of the aqueduct be two
feet more than is necessary, what harm will it do?
Is it not a great deal better^to have four feet of
aqueduct more than is necessary, than to have
six inches lessihan may be required? Therefore,
I shall vote against the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. JAMES. I was in hopes that I should not
have anything more to say on this subject; but
the honorable Senator from North Carolina has
referred to outsiders. Sir, no outsider has spoken
to me on this subject. , 1 speak in regard to the
seven feet aqueduct from my own knowledge,
and I say from my own practical knowledge, that
it will furnish water enough, if well constructed
and well built, to supply two millions of inhabit-
ants with all the water which they can properly
consume.
Mr. BADGER. I had no doubt, sir, that the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island did not de-
rive his information from persons outside the
Chamber. I had no reference to him. J know he
is skilled in the kind of knowledge necessary to
enable him to come to an accurate conclusion,and
needs no help; but I said what I did because I
have heard from the beginning of the session from !
various quarters, of persons here who professed
to have skill in these matters, who had thrown out
suggestions that they could give plana, magnifi-
cent in their operation, and comparatively cheap
in expense. It was that to which I alluded.
I have not the skill which the Senator from Rhode
Island has, and, therefore, I cannot decide for
myself. Then the question is, what shall I do?
Take the opinion expressed here, or take the de-
cision pronounced by the President?1 Sir, I shall
take the latter.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this amendment, not that I have any
knowledge of the relative merits of a seven feet or
a nine feet aqueduct as the proper diameter, but
the Congress of the United States, adhering to
what I suppose to be the appropriate functions of
the legislative body, determined to have these
works erected, and they authorized the Executive
to adopt such plan as he might deem most advis-
able; and after full inquiry into the matter, lie did
adopt a plan. Now, I think weare too much dis-
posed here to trench on administrative duties. I
would rather see each of the Departments of the
Government confined to its appropriate functions.
This body is not fit to decide as to the details of
the construction of a work of this kind. For my
own part, when I think a work ought to be erected, I
am willing to trust to Executive discretion to see
that itis properly done, particularly when the plan
has been confided to him for the purpose of execu-
tion. It is a more appropriate mode for the con-
struction of all public works. Further, I may be
allowed to say, Mr. President, that I do think we
might save some loss to the country, and secure
some benefit to ourselves, if we adhered a little
more uniformly to the maxim of nr. sut.nr vltracrc-
pidani, and did not undertake to decide things of;
which we have no adequate knowledge. |
Mr. RUSK. There are two or three reasons i
which satisfy my mind to vote against the amend- j
ment to the amendment. The one stated by the 1
honorable Senator from Delaware, would be con- ,
elusive in the absence of any other. This is a \
matter of detail which requires scientific knowl- I
edge. The responsibility of determining the size !
of the aqueduct wgs thrown on the President of '!
the United States. As a matter of course, from ,\
his position he must have availed himself of the 'l
best scientific information at his command, and he /
has determined upon an aqueduct of nine feet
diameter. !j
Then, i-ir, there are ©ne or two other reasons I
which are very conclusive. The additional ex- , j
Eense, as stated by the honorable Senator from :j
,ouisiaiia,*whol presume speaks from correct in-
formation, is but $380,000, while the supply of !;
water secured by a nine feet aqueduct is about jj
double the other. This city will grow. This is ij
a permanent work. It may, and I trust it will, :
last for ages to come. It may turn out, after a !
while, that an aqueduct seven feet in diameter i
would place us in the condition in which I see by (
the newspapers New York is now placed. I per- !
ceive that it is discussed in the newspapers there, j
whether or not they should do the work over !
again, in order to get a sufficient supply of water. !
Ail their papers which I have seen complain that
the supply is not sufficient.
When we have such strong reasons as these,
I shall certainly vote against this amendment. In
the first place, this plan has been determined by
| the President, on his responsibility, after we threw
' the responsibility upon him. In the^next place,
the expense of the larger diameter over the one
proposed, being but §380,000, and the supply of
.; water more than double, I think it would certainly
|1 be bad economy to change it at this time.
11 The amendment of Mr. Hamlin to the amend-
|! ment of the committee, was rejected; and the ques-
j[ tion recurred on the amendment of the committee
|j as modified.
jj Mr. MASON. After that amendment is dis-
posed of, with the assent of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, I shall ask the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Inasmuch as
! the amendment has been somewhat modified in its
phraseology, the Chair will have it read again to
the Senate.
It was read, as follows:
For continuing the work for a supply of water to the
cities of Washington and Gcoigetown, $300,000: Provided,
That no ptut of tli« sum hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended until the corporations of Washington and George-
town, oreither of tliern, shall appropriate and pay an amount
equal to one foui th of said sum for the same purpose; and
full power and authority aje hereby given to said corpora-
tions respectively to raisf, by loan or otherwise, any sum
of money that may be necessary to enable them, or either
of thorn, to make the appiopiicUion hemn required. And
the said corporations of Washington and Georgetown, and
the inhabitants of said cities, respectively, or the corpora- •
tion making the appropriation, and the inhabitants ot said i
city, shall be authorized to use the surplus water which <
may be brought to the Washington aqueduct, after sup-
plying the Government establishments in Washington,
under such general rules and regulations as may hereafter
be prescribed by Congress; and each of said corporations
shall have the right to charge and collect of the inhabitants
of said citie-', such reasonable tax orient for the use of the
water, as wilt provide for the regular payment of the in- '
teres! and gradual pavment of the principal of any monev t
which may be raised under the authority hereby given. " :
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to make a suggestion !
to the Senator from Virginia, as to the phraseology !
of the amendment. These works were proceed- i
mg, but for some time past they have been par- j
tially stopped, and part of the hands have been !
removed, and I see an indication in the amend- i
ment which will continue that state of affairs, and ;
leave the work already finished subject to dilapi-
dation and ruin. There is a limitation contained
in the amendment that no partof this money ehall
be employed for the construction of the aqueduct ,
until the amount required to be raised by the cities
of Georgetown and Washington shall be raised by i
them. Now, is it not better to change that and j,
give to those corporations time enough to levy the jj
tax, and to the people to pay it, without suspend- ji
ing the work, and losing by the delay more than
their share will perhaps amount to ? i1
I merely suggest this; and I will also take occa- '
sion to say,as I said once before here,that I have j(
been up and down these works. 1 went as a mem- h
ber of the Committee on the District of Columbia, .
with my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
We looked at the works,and felt proud, as Amer- ;
ican citizens, that they were being constructed;
but we saw that the portion already executed, was
subject to ruin from floods, rains, and other causes; >
and there were not hands enough to protect it in 11
its unfinished state. '
Now, sir, can we tell when this sum of money
will be raised by these corporations? Let us rely 1
on the corporations until the next meeting of Con- '
gress, and let the work go on during the summer I:
and fall; and when we return in the winter, we ;
shall be enabled to put such regulations and re-
strictions on this matter as shall be desirable. All i
that I ask is, that the work shall be permitted to j
go on. The leading hands connected with it are ;
still retained, and about twenty-five laborers with !
them. This expense is going on daily, without !:
the ability to remove the dirt, and have it carried |!
off in wheelbarrows. I hope the Senator will look !1
to that fact, and make the necessary modifica-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand it is not in my
power to modify the amendment. It has been
voted on.
Th  PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to modify it.
Mr. ADAMS. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. I should be unwilling tg
modify the amendment, because it was drawn
up on consultation. The provision, as I un-
derstand it, was designed to seeure the coopera-
tion of the cities of the District. I believe the cities
will be willing to agree to it. I believe that,, with
such an amendment, the appropriation will prob-
ably pass. 1 think it will work well. The cities
will raise the sum required, and we can go on,
both parties being satisfied, anwfnish the work.
I his was designed as a security, to give evidence
that the cities would raise the money before the
work was accomplished, in order to satisfy Con-
gress that they would contribute their share be-
fore the work goes on.
Mr.PEARCE. I am inclined to think it would
be better not to act on this amendment immedi-
ately. There is a provision in the charter of the
corporation of Washington which forbids'the cor-
porate authoiities from adding anything to their
present debt, or from laying taxes for that pur-
pose, without the consent of two thirds of the cit-
izens, given at an annual election. I have just
looked at the charter, and find that to be the case.
It would, therefore, require the amendment to be
so modified as to give authority to the corpora-
tion, either to incur this debt without consulting
the citizens, or 
| Mr. HUNTER. The amendment does give
' that authority to the corporation,
i Mr. PEARCE. But suppose the corporate
; authorities should not be willing to incur the debt
; without the assent of the citizens ? They might
desire to have the assent of two thirds, at a spe-
cial election. I think it would be best, perhaps,
I not to press the amendment now, particularly as
it is proposed to go on v/ith some other business.
Mr. BELL. I understand that all these ques-
tions are to be put over again in the Senate after
the bill shall be reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the bill is under consideration in the
Senate now, and not in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MASON. In accordance with the sugges-
tion of the honorable Senator from Maryland, I
move to postpone the further consideration of this
bill until to-morrow, with the view of considering
Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Lewis Warrington, jr., a purser in the United
Slates Navy, praying for the difference between
the pay of a purser of a frigate, and that of a first
class steam frigate, while thus employed on the
steamship Mississippi, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for hio relief; which was read,and
passed to a second reading. The report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following memorials and peti-
tions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, which was agreed to.
« A memorial of Stewart Sanderson, of West-
port, New York, proposing a plan for harbor-de'
fep.se by means of a floating battering ram.
A petition of E. C. B. Thompson, widow of
Charles B. Thompson, praying to be allowed the
pension to which her husband was entitled at the
time of his death.
A memorial of John D. Gibson, praying for
commissions on his disbursements as acting purser
of the United States schooner Enterprise.
A memorial of Josiah Tatnall, junior, a purser
m the United States Navy, praying Congress to
indemnify him for losses sustained whilst purser
of United States ship Dale, on the coast of Africa.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred certain statistical information in ref-
erence to a line of mail steamers proposed to be
established by Christian Hansen, between Brook-
lyn, New York, and certain ports in Europe,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Post OfKce and Post Roads; which was agreed
to
