1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
sultation with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
I was satisfied that this estimate was extravagant,
and that $200,000 would answer all the purposes
of carrying out that plan, and pacifying and pro-
viding for the wants of the Indians. I am there-
fore surprised to find that the Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to reduce the sum to $125,000.
That, in my judgment, is wholly inadequate, it
will not answer the purpose. It will neither ena-
ble the superintendent of Indian affairs to remove
these Indians, and make the necessary provision
for their support during the present year; nor will
it protect our people against the outrages commit-
ted by them.. 1 therefore move to strike out
"$125,000," and insert the amount fixed by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, "$200,000."
Mr. GWIN. Twenty-five thousand dollars is
put in the amendment for the purpose of meeting
requisitions by the superintendent of Indian affairs,
in regard to purchasing claims to the reservations.
I would therefore suggest to my colleague that he
had better say $£25,000, so as to leave $25,000
for the specific object of purchasing claims to the
reservations, and $200,000, the amount of the es-
timate, for removal and subsistence.
Mr. WELLER. My first motion is to strike
out " $125,000," and insert " $200,000." .Then
I suppose I can accomplish the object which I
have in view, by a subsequent amendment which
1 shall submit to the next provision of tins amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no manner of ob-
jection to the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, if it shall meet the favor of the Senate. It
is true, as stated bv the Senator fiom California,
that the Indian Office. did recommend $200,000.
It is a recommendation which, ns 1 am informed
by the Commissioner, was based on the informa-
tion that he had in his office, in reference to the
condition of the past appropriations. There was
an old appropriation of $100,000, for the purpose
of preserving peace with the Indians in California.
Last winter, it will be remembeied, $250,000 were
appropriated. We have an account, by the re-
turn of the late superintendent, of the expenditure
of a large portion of the old appropriations; but,
by accident, perhaps, the whole $250,000 is not
accounted for. I believe the report of the super-
intendent of Indian aifairs has been in arrears for
the last two or three quarters.
This experiment, for experiment it only amounts
to thus far, seemed to be the only one which
afforded a solution of the problem oflndian civili-
zation and piotection in California; but it was
working out its lesults at a cost which caused the
committee to hesitate as to the amount of money
which they should recommend in its further pros-
ecution, until they could see how the fund which
had been heretofore provided by very libera!
appropriations, had been disposed of. There
was an amount of almost$250,000 unaccounted for.
The reason why we cut down the amount from
$200,000 to $100,000, resulted entirely from the
unwillingness of the committee to embark more
than the sum of $100,000 in the prosecution of
this experiment, until they should see better evi-
dence as to the manner in which it was working
in California.
1 have said that I believe the system is an effi-
cient one in California, but it is an expensive one.
I have contemplated that it must necessarily be so.
But when it has been in operation for only a short
period of time, and has worked so expensively, 1
think the friends of that system ought not to ask that
too much shall be embarked m it at the beginning;.
There is great danger that the system will break
down under the weight which it thus accumulates
on its shoulders, and fall before it has a fair chance
of proving its efficacy. We thought, therefore,
that the sum of $100,000 was as much as could
profitably be expended there in carrying out this
experiment; for it has, as yet, been developed only
on a small scale.
At present, out of five reservations which Con-
gress authorized to beselected by the superintend-
ent, only one is in operation; and upon that he
has congregated, and give? employment and pro-
tection to about twenty-three thousand Indians.
It will be recollected that the population of Indians
in California, has been estimated as high as one
hundred thousand souls. If, therefore, the exper-
iment, successful as it may be to the extent of
twenty-three thousand Indians, is to be carried
out at the same expensive ratio for one hundred
thousand, it is easy to see that the coffers of our
Treasury, large as they are now, will not be able
to stand the successful completion of this experi-
ment in regard to the whole Indian population of
California.
We have provided, however, in theamendment,
an additional fund of $25,000, for the purpose of
enabling the superintendent of Indian affairs in
California, to extinguish conflicting private claims
to some of the reservations which have been se-
lected, provided the Government of the United
States can obtain a good title by purchase; and
the State of California shall, by the necessary acts
of cession, give the United States Government
jurisdiction over these grants. I have staled that,
if it be the sense of theSenate that a larger amount
is necessary to carry out this experiment, I shall
have no hesitation in agreeing to it; but the
amount named in the amendment was all that the
committee, under the present circumstances of the
case, were willing to sanction.
Mr. GWIN. I think the whole form of this
proposition should be changed. I propose to
strike out the whole of the amendment after the
statement of the amount, and increase that amount
as recommended by my colleague, and add the
words " and to preserve peace wuh the Indian
tribes within that State;" so as to makethe amend-
ment read:
tc For removal and subsistence of Indians in California,
and to pif'scrvc peace wuh the imli.m tnhoa witlim thai
Stato, {£gU0,U00. 
I move, however, now, if it be in order, to strike
out all of the amendment after the statement of the
sum.
This policy of Indian reservations is a new one.
It has been tried for the first time, 1 believe, in
the State of California; and the people are very
much opposed to having these Indians constantly
on military reservations within their borders. It
is a new policy. There are doubts as to whether
there is any power on the part of the General
Government to reserve large tracts of land in one
of the States of this Confederacy, for the purpose
of concentrating Indian tribes within its limits.
I think the proper course for us is to make an ap-
propriation, according to the estim iteof the Indian
Department, of $200,000, for the puipose of con-
tinning the removal ami subsistence of the In-
dians, and presei ving peace with the Indian tribes
within that State.
Mr. President, the most hostile Indians in our
State are those m the northern section; and they
have never received any of the benefits of these
appropriations. The superintendent of Indian
affairs has never yet gone to the extreme northern
section of the State, where the Indians are most
hostile. It is well known that if you feed them
they will not fight. Their hunting-grounds have
been taken possession of by the citizens of Cali-
fornia, and they are in a slate of starvation; but if
we make appropriations by which these Indians
can, in certain seasons of the year, be supplied
with beef, through the superintendent of Indian
aifairs, we can preserve peace there. For the pres-
ent, I think we had better merely make an appro-
priation foi then removal and subsistence; because,
if some of these Indians are willing to remove out-
side of the borders of the State, the superintendent
ought to have power to remove them; but 1 do not
think the present, policy should be pursued further
untt! we ascertain that it is a useful policy. I do
not think it is. I think it is vei y doubtful whether
we have a right to build up military reservations of
this sort m the heart of any State of this Confeder-
acy. I am sure the people of California have given
indications of opposition to it; and I donot thi k
they will everconsent to cede jurisdiction. There-
fore, I wish this proposition to be " simply for
the removal and subsistence of the Indians in Cal-
ifornia, and for preserving peace with the Indian
tribes."
Mr. W ALKER. I was not aware before that
the Senators fiom California had any objection,
.or made any opposition, to the experiment which
has been attempted in California. I think, sir,
that there can be no doubt, from the position taken
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Gavin,] that
it that State shall object to the acquisition within
her bordeis, by the United States, of these reser-
vations, the Government will not have the power
to make them, I understood, however, yt the
inception of this scheme, that it was advocated by
the Senators from California; but I may be mis-
taken in that.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will permit me to
say thai it onginated with the superintendent of
Indian affairs, and the military commander of
the Pacific division—General Hitchcock. It was
brought forward by them, presented to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and by the committee
brought before the Senate. I do not believe that
my colleague and myself recommended it at first.
Mr. WAKLER. I did not say that the Sen-
ators recommended it, but I understood at the time
that it was done with their acquiescence.
Mr. GWIN. It seemed to me that it might
possibly be a good plan to settle the difficulties in
that State.
Mr. WALKER. I was about to remark, that
I understood it was undertaken with the acquies-
cence, at all events, of the Senators from Califor-
nia. The only doubt that 1 had about the matter at
the time was, whether, when the citizens of Cali-
fornia came to look at it, they would not object to
it. I do not wonder that they did object. 1 regret
to find that they are objecting; but it does not sur-
prise me. I i egret it, because 1 believe some such
I policy as this is the last hope which the country
] has of properly arranging and settling our Indian
I relations. But, sir, the Government certainly
| must feel itself powerless. It cannot go against
: the consent of a State within its geographical and
jurisdictional limits, and there settle down the In-
dians upon reservations. 1 think it would require
the express assent of the State, given through the
supreme power of the State, to enable the Govern-
ment to do what it has been proposed to do here.
In one instance, in Wisconsin, that assent has
been given by the Legislature of the State, as
!' regards the location within its borders of the Me-
j; nominee nation of Indians. But what are we to
j: do? Certainly, with the information before us,
H we cannot do what the Committee on Indian
\\ Affairs recommend, in which recommendation I
II cordially acquiesced. Thecommitteeareevidentiy
jl thrown off their position, and the Senate ought
j\ not, m compliance wuh their recommendation, to
make the appropiiation in the form proposed; for
when the Senators from that State tell us that there
are arising in that State, serious objections to this
policy, it certainly is futile for the Government to
attempt it.
Put it is proposed by one of the Senators from
California, [Mr. Gtvlm,] to make this a general
appropriation for removal and subsistence, and for
' maintaining peace with the Indian tribes in that
State. These objects are, a part of them, very
desirable, and another part absolutely necessary,
.i I presume; but we are without information in
ji regard to them. We have not the necessary in-
formation from the proper department of the Gov-
|| eminent. TheappropriatecommitteeoftheSenate
}j have not had the subject under consideration at all.
ij They have not had an opportunity to investigate
j! it, much less to consider it on any information
l! derived from the proper department of the Gov-
J! ernm^nt. It seems to me, from ail that I can see
now, that we are left without the ability to do
i| anything, until we can have some consultation with
;! the deportment, and know what it would say
'j under thi^ changed view of the subject.
I* Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the onlydif-
| ficulty tliat is presented to my mind, is as to the
l| constitutional power of this Government to make
j! these reservations. I have, from the outset, en-
tertamed the opinion—and I avowed it at the last
|! session of Congress—that, in my judgment, this
was the onlv practicable way of preserving the I n-
' | dians of California fntm destruction; but, it is true,
■; a considerable portion of the population of Califor-
ii nia have been opposed to these reservations. My
' viewy have been honestly entertained and fear-
| lessly expressed To protect the people, and at
•I the same time presei ve the Indians from extermi-
il nation, has been the leading object with me.
'] Now, sir, if the superintendent of Indian affairs
■ : in that State has not made a returnof the expend-
!] iture of the appropriation made at the last session
i| of Congress, I apprehend it is the duty of the De-
ji partment to compel him to do so; and if he has
'i not discharged his duty, I apprehend there is an
i! obligation resting on the Department to remove
i! him, and appoint some person who will give a
;j faithful acc.ount of the expenditures. The delay
j; may be unavoidable, as I have no doubt the incum-
i! bent will be able to account for all public money
