318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quires a particular day to be named to which to
postpone the consideration of any subject. I think
that by adopting this course we shall be doing'
justice to the honorable gentleman from Vermont.
He will not have an opportunity now of making
his speech as satisfactorily as at a future period.
The Senate wilt then be tnore willing to listen to
him; and, in the mean time, we shall have an op-
portunity of examining his remarks, so far as they
iiave been made.
Heretofore, the debate has been almost entirely
upon one side-, at least since I have been here. I
think, therefore, it is due to him that there should
be a postponement of the subject, so that we may
see both sides of the question. Certainly no in-
jury can result to his State, no injury can result
to anybody by having this subject postponed until
after the action of the Senate on the Nebraska bill;
and if there is any dispute about it, I shall ask the*
yeas and nays upon the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of th^subject
xrntW the Senate shall have finally passed upon the
Nebraska bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. It occurs to me that that mo-
tion is not altogether in order. It is not proper to
move to postpone a subject until after the happen-
ing of a certain event. The motion must be either
to postpone to a day certain, or to lay upon the
table. That is the rule.
Mr. PRATT. Let it be postponed for a fort-
night.
Mr. MASON. I concur entirely in the sugges-
tion that this subject should be postponed. It is
a very grave and important question, and one on
which we have been told by the gentleman who
claims a seat from Vermont, that there have been,
apparently, some previous commitments of opin-
ion by the Senate, and by individual Senators. I
shall feel it incumbent upon me to detain the
Senate for a very short time with my views upon
the question, and I would suggest to the Senator
from Maryland to fix a day on which we shall
proceed to the consideration of this subject, and if
the Nebraska bill be not then disposed of, we can
proceed with it, and consider this afterwards.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Say to-morrow week.
Mr. PRATT. Any day maybe named; this
day week or this day fortnight, the understanding
being that the subject shall come up immediately
when the Nebraska bill shall have been acted
upon.
Mr. MASON. Say to-morrow week.
Several Senators. Monday week.
Mr. MASON. I will propose Thursday of
next week, if the Senator from Maryland does
not .propose it.
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MASON. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until this day
week.
Mr. PRATT. If the understanding of the
Senate be as I have mentioned, the particular day
cannot be material, because so soon as the Ne-
braska bill shall have been finally acted upon, this
subject will come up.
Whether the postponement be to this day week
or this day fortnight cannot be material. If you
postpone this bill to this day week, and we shall
not then have finished the Nebraska bill, by com-
mon understanding we can continue the debate
on this subject until that be finished. U is, there-
fore, perfectly immaterial what day is fixed.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until this day week.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
flOUSK OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 2, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer. j
T%eJournal ofyesterday was readand approved. !
MINT OF THE UNITED STATES. ;
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com -1
J&umcation from the President of the United States, I
transmitting the annual report of the Director of
the Mint at Philadelphia, showing the operations
of the Mint and the branch Mints for the year
1853; which was ordered to lie upon the table,
and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, moved that
twenty thousand extra copies of the report be
printed", which motion goes, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing.
PROTECTION OF THE MAILS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, "for the safe
transmission of the mails of the United States on
the railroads of the United States" was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon which the previous question was de-
manded.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to submit a point of
order. I have been looking through the rules in
vain to accomplish the object which 1 desire now
to accomplish through the Speaker. I have un-
derstood, perhaps erroneously, and if so, I desire
to be corrected, that a motion being made to re-
consider a vote had on a previous day, the act of
reconsideration must be consummated on the sub-
sequent day or it falls; that is to say, that the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which this bill was
referred, having been made by a gentleman who
voted with the majority, and the act of reconsid-
eration not having been consummated on the day
subsequent to that on which the bill was referred,
the motion falls.
The SPEAKER The Chair overrules the
point of order, and states that the motion to recon-
sider must be submitted upon the day, or the suc-
ceeding day, but that the House is not compelled
to dispose of the motion on either of those days.
Mr. FLORENCE. My idea was that the mo-
tion to reconsider must be disposed of on the days
I have indicated, and I looked into the rules to see
whether we were proceeding in order, as I desire
always to do.
The SPEAKER. The 56th rule is as follows:
" When a motion has been once made, and carried m the
affirmative or negative, it shall be m order for any member
of the majority to move for a reconsideration thereof, on
the same or tin* succeeding day."
Mr. FLORENCE. Then the Chair rules that
the point of order cannot be sustained?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The question is on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the bill has vet been printed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill 1ms not been returned from the printing
office.
Mr. .TONES. If it is not here we are m a bad
fix to act, upon it
The SPEAKER. There is a copy of the bill her$.
Mr. JONES. What copy has gone to the
printer then ?
The SPEAKER. The copy that was origin-
ally introduced, as the Chair is informed, is in
the hands of the printer. There is, however, a
copy of the bill before the House to vote on.
Mr. JONES. In order that we may have the
bill printed and before us, so that we may know
exactly its contents, F move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. To-morrow will be private bill day, and
I am desirous that the deficiency bill shall be com-
pleted this week.
Mr. OLDS demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were imt ordered.
Mr. LILLY. Would it be in order to move
that the consideration of the bill under considera-
tion be postponed to a future day?
The SPEAKER. Not while the privileged
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on.
the state of the Union is pending.
Mr. OLDS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Olds were appointed.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, the tellers having reported—ayes 73,
noep 49.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour in the chair.)
*
Feb. 2,
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The subject under con-
sideration is the deficiency bill, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bissell,] which is to reduce the appropriation for
the custom-house at Louisville to $500.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 propose, by the unanimous
consent of the House, to withdraw my amend-
ment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr, Preston.] The Clerk will re-
port the amendment:
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
a For oompleting the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, .$40,000."
Mr. LILLY. I move to strike out the words
" custom-house" and insert the words <( post of-
fice." I think, from the remarks made by gentle-
men yesterday, that this is really and emphatically
a post office building, and not a custom-house, as
there is but one gentleman employed by the Gov-
ernment as aifcustom-house officer, while there are
no less thai# sixty persons employed in the post
office. ^
Now I think that calling the building a custom-
house, under such circumstances, is considerably
like getting money under false pretenses. We
are not building a custom-house,but really we are
building a post office. If a post office be neces-
sary at Louisville, it is also necessary at divers
other places throughout the country where there
are distributing offices, and where there is a large
amount of business transacted. And I think that
if we are going to build a post office at Louisville
we ought to build them also at divers other places
in the country. If my motion carries to strikeout
the words "custom-house" and insert the words
" post office," and if it be the general will of the
House to make appropriations for building post
offices, I have no objection, and I shall willingly
vote for the bill,
The question was put on the amendment to the
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I propose an amend-
ment, to reduce the appropriation one dollar. I
desire to make one or two observations on this
matter. From some remarks dropped yesterday,
it might have been inferred that it was intended to
convey the idea that the bids originally made and
closed under Mr. Corwin's administration had
been reopened by the present Secretary of the
Treasury for the purpose of giving a job to a
political friend. Now, I will simply explain to
the committee the reasons assigned by the Secre-
tary himself for opening the bids. The whole
amount appropriated at different times for the
Louisville custom-house was $178,745. Sixteen
thousand dollars of this sum had to be taken for
the purchase of the site, which reduced it that
amount. The lowest bid for erecting the building
alone was $179,000, and a fraction. This bid was
made under Mr. Corwin's administration. The
Secretary says, " being anxious to bring the whole
expense within the amount appropriated, I direct-
ed alterations to be made in the plan, and curtail-
ments to be made, with a view to reduce the ex-
penditure. I then opened it to new bids." But
still the bids were above the appropriations at his
command.
I will also answer a remark made yesterday by
my colleague upon the Committee on Ways and
Means, [Mr. Haven,] giving his reasons for voting
against this appropriation, tie says it is right in
the abstract, but says he will vote against it, be-
cause he will not sanction the practice of allowing
an Administration to commit Congress to the ex-
penditure of any sum of money which the House
may not, when they come to act upon it, be willing
to pass That has not been done, as the gentle-
man will see, if he will take the pains to observe
the language of the Secretary of the Treasury.
He has not committed the House to any expend-
iture; and he has made no contract which binds
the Congress of the United States.
The Secretary, finding the sum of money at his
disposal not sufficient to complete the custom-
house according to its original plan, has not had
