1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
which may have been entrusted to him. It is,
therefore, no objection to the proposed appropria-
tion to carry out the plan adopted by Congress, to
affirm that the superintendent has not made a re-
turn to the Departmentof the moneys which have
been entrusted to his care. There may be reasons
for the delay easily explained.
But, sir, the power of the Federal Government
to go into a State to make these reservations may
very well be doubted. The phraseology of the
Constitution is that Congress shall have power
" to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases what-
soever" over the district ceded for the purpose of
locating the seat of Government, " and to exercise
like authority overall places purchased by consent
of the Legislature of the State in which the same
may be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arse-
nals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
If the Federal Government possesses the power at
all, it is by virtue of the authority which it has to
establish military posts. There is no limitation
upon the power of the Federal Government in
going into a State and establishing a military post,
for the purpose of protecting the inhabitants against
the Indians. If it has the power, then, to estab-
lish a military post on the frontier, and if it should
be necessary to make that post so large as to bring
the Indians down upon that reservation, and thus
not only protect the Indians, but at the same time
protect the people from their incursions, I presume
that then it has the power. 1 do not believe the
Federal Government possesses the power to make
these reservations, and exercise exclusive juris-
diction over them, without the assent of the State,
and hence I desire that the consent of the Legisla-
ture should be obtained before they are made.
The State, in the exercise of its sovereignty, must
determine this question. No State will be willing
to*concede the right to the Federal Government
to, go within its limits and exercise exclusive
jurisdiction over any portion of its territory.
Sir, last fall, v/hen the superintendant of In-
dian affairs in California was involved in diffi-
culty in the execution of the act of Congress, he
called upon the Representatives from that State for
their written opinion upon the subject. I hold in
my hand the answer which I wrote him at that
time, and which was submitted to the Department
of Indian Affairs. In that letter I said:
" l should regret very much to find that you were unable
to execute the act of Congress passed on the 3d March last.
The plan contemplated by that law is, in my opinion, the
only practicable one for preserving the Indians of this State
from destruction. Unless they can be gatheied together,
and placed under military protection, we shall have a
Moody war, which will result in the extermination of the
race. The Indians should be withdrawn, as much as pos-
sible, from the white population, and taught to rely upon
their own labor and industry tor their support. The sup-
plies which nature has heu'tofore furnished them will soon
be cut off, and an attempt to sustain them otherwise than
through their own labor would he impolitic.
" It is wrll known to you that whilst the plan you arc en-
deavoring to cairy out received ray vvaini suppoit, yet I
was utteily opposed to making the reservations as large as
they are now autho!i/>fd by law. Whilst we have bonie of
the richest agricultural land's in the Union, the fact cannot
be disguised that we have a largp body of land m this State
winch cannot he cultivated. The greater portion of our
population are engaged in commcrce and mining. They are
consumers; and in order to feed them, all our agricultural
lands should be put under cultivation. Wc should not de-
pend upon other J?ut js, or foreign countries, for our biead-
stuffs. If five reservations are made m this State, and to j
the extent authorized by law, great injustice will be done to
our citizens; withhold, for the use of the Indian*, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand acres of agricultural
land, and a serious blow will be struck at the farming inter
ests of this State. Such a policy would be unwise m every
paiocular; no reservation, in my judgment, should be
made containing more than eight thousand acres. In each
of them you could readily find a sufficient quantity of land
susceptible of cultivation to produce enough to sustain five
thousand Indians ; and this, I apprehend, will be as many
as you can assemble or settle upon any one of your reser-
vations.-'5
I have never believed that it would be possible
for the superintendent of Indian affairs to con.
centrate more than twenty or twenty-five thousand
Indians upon these reservations, and they would
be generally those who were attached, in the olden
time, to the missions, and who have been chris-
tianized and civilized, to a ccrtam extent, through
the influence of the Catholic church. If the con-
sent of the Legislature can be obtained, I am un-
willing to abandon this plan; it may bean expen-
sive one, but in the end it will be found to be an
economical one. It will save an immense amount
of money that the State would otherwise be com-
pelled to expend in affording protection to her
people against the outrages of the Indians. If
they can be concentrated in these reservations; if
they can be taught to rely upon their own labor
for subsistence, as I believe they can, to a very
considerable extent, you will have effected more
than has been done m any other State of this Con-
federacy. It is because I am unwilling to have
these Indians exterminated, as I know they must
be unless 'this policy can b.e carried out, that I am
anxious to have it continued; at all events, the
experiment should be fairly tested. I hold, there-
fore, that it is simply a question of whether you
will fully test this experiment by making the ne-
cessary appropriations in order to protect the In-
dians, as well as to protect our citizens; or whether
you will say to all who are so disposed, "you
must seek protection for your lives and property
in the extermination of these Indians." If we
make no provision for them* and hunger compels
them to steal for a subsistence, our people must
protect themselves. This they will do. Then
we shall hear the charge of inhumanity and bar-
barity preferred against our citizens.
Mr. President, I have no local feeling in regard
to this matter at all. I am actuated by no other
consideration than a desire to soften the blow
which necessity will compel us to inflict upon
these Indians. Their extermination in the end is
inevitable. It is a mere question of time. They
must finally disappear before the onward march
of the white man; but in the meanwhile humanity
demands that you should, as far as possible,
lighten the blow. This plan, therefore, received
the sanction of my judgment; and I propose, at
the proper time, to offer a proposition to limit the
extent of the reservations, in accordance with the
suggestions made in the letter to which I have
just referred, that they shall not exceed eight
thousand acres, instead of twenty-five thousand
acres, as now allowed. There is no necessity for
making more than two or three reservations, at
the outside, in the State of California. The oth-
ers could be made in Utah and New Mexico. The
great body of our agricultural lands are demanded
by the wants and necessities of our own people.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President,it is pefectly evi-
dent that we can find no place for the Indians of
California in the Territories referred to, without
infringing on the rights of some of the citizens
of the United States. In Utah and New Mexico,
they have earnestly protested against removing
the Indians within the bordersof the State of
California to those Territories. The idea of re-
moving them to Oregon has met with a similar
protest there. We are hound by treaty not to i
drive those Indians into Mexican territory. Then
it is absolutely necessary to make some pro-
vision for them within the State of California,
unless we infringe on the rights of citizens of the
United States within the Territories, which are
not represented here. I am not disposed, so far
as I am concerned, to urge the removal of these
Indians into those Territories, as at present ad vised.
It seems to me, sir, that while there is a doubt,
we have no right to force upon the State of Cali-
fornia a policy offensive to the people of that
State—the policy of colonizing the Indians in
military reservations within the State; and all that
we can do for the present is to preserve peace be-
tween the Indians and the people of California.
That can only be done, as I believe, by giving
the Indians such sustenance as is indispensible to
preserve life, and without which they will rob the
white citizens there, and bring on wars between
the whites and the Indians.
I was very much struck with this policy when
it was first presented, but the difficulties have in-
creased since. As my colleague has stated, he
agreed to the recommendation of the superintend-
ent of Indian affairs. I also did, to a certain ex-
tent, and that was as to the necessity of getting
reservations in the southern section of the State,
where the Indians could not be surrounded by
white population. I thought that if the reserva-
tions were made in the midst of the white popu-
lation, it would be impossible to preserve them
from depredation. I believe the true policy in re-
gard to the Indians in California, is to sustain
them for the present, to have an energetic and
active superintendent of Indian affairs, who will
have means to sustain these Indians when they
are suffering for the want of something to eat, as
they must do in the severity of the winter season;
and leave the future to develop what is to become
of them, lam afraid the prediction of my col-
league as to the ultimate fate of the tribes in Cali-
fornia, will be fully realized. It is well known
that they cannot live near the whites without
leading to collision. There may be some point
developed hereafter, east of the Sierra Nevada,
within the limits of the State, where the Indians
may be concentrated. I have read a debate which
recently occurred in the Legislature of California,
in which one of the representatives in that body
stated that he had explored a country east of the
Sierra Nevada, where the Indians could be con-
centrated, and be entirely out of the reach of the
white population. I do not know whether this js
correct, or not; but, in the mean time, it is our
duty to make an appropriation of at least $200,000
for the purpose of preserving peace between the
Indians and the whites. I think that is as far as
we should go at the present time.
In regard to the reservations, I think we had
better have some information as to whether the
State of California will relinquish her jurisdiction
before we fix, by act of Congress, the policy of
continuing them. The Indians who have been con-
centrated already at one of them (and but one has
been established) will not be disturbed. I think,
therefore, it would be better to limit th e appropria-
tion " for continuing removal and subsistence, "and
let others be removed to the same locality, where
they are out of the reach of the white population*
and let it be also " to preserve peace between the.
whites and the Indians," as I have suggested.
Mr, HUNTER. Mr. President, this seems to
me to be a subject of considerable difficulty. I
believe there is a good deal in the objections sug-
gested by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Wkller,] in regard to our right to accept the
cession of exclusive jurisdiction over these reser-
vations within the limits of a State. That is a
question of some doubt. It is manifest, too, that
it is impossible that we can carry out this policy,
even if we should believe that we had the power,
without the consent of California; and it seems
doubtful, from what we hear from her Senators,
whether that consent will be given. Under these
circumstances, therefore, it seems to me that
whatever appropriation we make should be given
to be used at the discretion of the Department,
restricting it to removal, subsistence, and, I would
add, settlement, for it may be that some mode of
carrying out these reservations may be discovered
that will prove accepjablefrto the State and the
Indians. In my State, and not far from my home,
there is still an Indian tribe, which holds its lands
under charter from the State, governed by trustees.
This was the old policy of Virginia. It may be
that the State of California, and other States in
which Indians are situated, may resort to some
expedient of this sort; and when they do so, it
may be that we can aid them with these appropri-
ations. At present, as it is entirely doubtful what
is best to be done, it seems to me, whatever appro-
priation we make, should be at the discretion of
the Department; and therefore I would not make
it.too large, especially as I understand there is a
large balance in the hands of the Superintendent
which has not yet been accounted for. I under-
stand the Department does not know where it is.
It has not been accounted for.
Under these circumstances, I should be reluc-
tant to go further than the Committee on Indian
Affairs have gone; and the sum they propose I
would leave to the discretion of the Department,
to be expended for the removal, subsistence, or
settlement of the Indians, I would say; because if
it should turn out to be practicable to make these
reservations, I am inclined to think it is the best,
most economical, and humane mode of disposing
of the Indians. If it can be done, I am inclined
to think it is the best thing that can be done; but
in the doubt which surrounds the whole subject,
I do not see that anything better can be done than
to leave it to the discretion of the Department.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Bright /
in the chair.) The first question is on the amend-'
ment to the amendment, to strike out " 125," and
insert "200."
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that, I do not
think that I should be willing to increase the sum
under present circumstances.
Mr. G-WIN. Two hundred thousand dollars is
the estimate of the Department. I am willing to
leave the expenditure of the money precisely as the.
Senator from Virginiasays—with fheDepartment.
The estimate of the superintendent of Indian
