1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
affairs was §500,000; the Department, in its judg-
ment, thought best to limit it to $21)0,000. I am
entirely willing to leave it to the head of the De-
partment, as theSenatov suggests-, but ceitainly,
if there are one half of the Indians reported to
be^there—the superintendent reports one hundred
thousand, which is one fourth of the Indians
within the whole territory of the United States-—
it is utterly impossible for the superintendent to do
anything beneficial to them with so small a sum.
If we leave it entirely to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, it seems to me we should
give him the amount for which he has estimated.
Mr. WALKER. 1 regret that the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs has been com-
pelled to leave the Senate Chamber just at this
particular moment; for as he had this matter more
particularly under his charge, the other members
of the committee are not prepared to speak to it
so definitely. I wish, however, to remark that 1
cannot see the necessity of appropriating the
amount recommended by the Secretaiy of the In-
terior, and for this reason: There is yet unac-
counted for, if 1 remember aright, about §180,000,
in the hands of the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs of California. Now, it is proposed by the
committee to appropriate §125,000 more, making
about $300,000, The question for us to decide is,
not how much we shall ultimately appropiiate for
the protection and subsistence of the huge number
of Indians in California, but how much we shall
appropriate for the coming fiscal year. The pres-
ent fiscal year will soon expire, and, for aught we
know, there may be of the appropriation made
for this fiscal year a large balance yet remaining.
We are acting in the dark m making these large
appropriations. I think the Committee on Indian
Affair* have recommended the largest sums that
prudence would dictate, until we have some ac-
count of what has become of the money already
appropriated. I feel confident (hat the Superin-
tendent will not be able to appropriate and expend
profitably for the Government, before the end of
the next fiscal year, an amount exceeding; that
now in Ins hands, and this sum of #125,000,
making $305,000 in nil. So that I think, with
this view of the subject, the Senate must be im-
pressed with the belief that the appropriation for
the fiscal year will be large enough when we have
appropriated this sum of $125,060.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 would'suggest to the Sen-
ator from California the propriety of postponing
the further consideration of the subject until to-
morrow. * '
Mr. WELLER. I shall not interfere with that
suggestion, but I wish simply to icmnrk, in ari-
swei to the Senator fiom "VViM-onsin, that a huge
portion of the expenses necessary to enny out
the plan, was necessarily incurred in the first year.
They had to purchase stock 
Mr. WALKER. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. WELLER. Certainly.
Mr. WALKER. I am not making any oppo-
sition at all to this policy. For my own part, as
I remarked before, 1 think it is the last hope the
Government has of reconciling its relations with
the Indians, and I should regret most exceedingly
to see it broken up by the action of California.
It is only a question of prudence as to the amount
which we shall appropriate for the fiscal year.
Mr. WELLER,. Entertaining the opinions
which I have expressed in regard to the practica-
bility of this plan, and its being the only one
which, m my opinion, will preserve these Indians
from extermination, I am anxious that the re-
sponsibility should be thrown upon the Legisla-
ture of California. If they are disposed to break
down what I conceive to be the only practicable
way of preserving the Indians; if they prefer to
throw them back dependent on the mere mercy of
the settlers there, let them say so, and I shall
abandon it, of course, at once. I have heretofore
defended it as the only practicable way. If those :
who are the immediate representatives of the ■
people of the State of California do not see proper [
to give the consent of that State to the reserva- i
tions, as a matter of course the Government will ■
be saved the trouble of making any future appro- :
priations, and the time will very speedily come ,
when there will be no Indians there. I propose, 1
therefore, that, by the unanimous consent of the !
Senate, this amendment be withdrawn for the i
present, to be renewed hereafter when the chair- |
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs may be
heie. j
Mr. HUNTER. That is not necessary. Let
the Senator move to postpone the bill until to- j
morrow. i
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone its j
further consideration until one o'clock to-morrow. '
The motion was agreed to. !
executive session. i
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 1, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Suckr.
The Journal of Friday was read  nd approved.
The SPEAKER laid befote the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 5th instant, estimates,
prepared fiom the muster-rolls and vouchers filed
in the War Department, pnncipally by the Dele-
gate m Congress from the Territory of Oregon,
showing the amount of claims for services of vol-
unteers, and for supplies furnished for their use
in suppressing Indian hostilities in the Rogue
River Valley, in that Territory.
On motion, by Mr. HOUSTON, the commu-
nication was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as cm rectiy enrolled, the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature cf
the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Graften Baker; and
A joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the'Treasury to adjust the expenses of
the commissioners appointed by the Territorial
Assembly of Oiegon to prepare a code of laws;
arid also, to adjust the expenses of collecting and
printing certain laws and archives of the Terntoi y
of Oregon.
roads in new mexico.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House, under the special order, is the question
upon the passage of the bill for the construction
of certain roads m the Territory of New Mexico,
which vs. as ordered to be, and which was read the
third time; and the question being upon its pas-
sage, the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. f understand fiom the Delegate from Ore-
gon [Mr. lank] that the bill to which the esti-
mates laid before the House this morning refers,
has been already referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. 1 therefore propose to recon-
sider the vote by which the estimates were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, so that
they may be sent to the same committee to which
the hill was referred.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous wish of
the House that the suggestion of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hot7sion] be followed in ref-
erence to this bill? If not objected to, that order
will be made without the formality of going through
a reconsideration.
protection on the new jersey coast.
Mr. SK ELTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for the better pro-
tection of life and property on the New Jersey
const from shipwreck. The recent disasters upon
our coast fully demonstrate the necessity of action
upon this subject on the part of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 object, as the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Skei.tox] took occa-
sion, when I sought to introduce a similar propo-
sition, to make objection.
Mr. SK.ELTON. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] is mistaken.
Mr. RICH ARDSON. I have sought an oppor-
tunity to repay the gentleman for some time, and
1 now repay him
Mr. SKELTON. I move a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of enabling me to introduce
the resolution indicated by me.
The SPEAKER. Under a suspension of the
rules, this day was set apart as a special order
for the consideration of territorial business; and
it is not in order to move to suspend the rules,
unless the object be to reconsider the steps taken
by the House with regard to the special order.
Mr. COBB. Is it not m order to have the com-
mittees called upon for reports?
The SPEAKER. If there be no further territo-
rial business, and the House are not disposed to
go into the Committee of the W hole on the state of
the Union, the Chair would state that it would be
in oider to call upon committees for reports.
the atmospheric telegraph.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I am intrusted
with the memorial of a citizen of the State which
1 m part represent—James S. Richardson—the
inventor of the atmospheric telegraph, who asks
the aid of the Government to enable him to make
an experimental demonstration of the efficacy of
that machine for the instantaneous transmission
of letters, packages, and mails. As there seems
to be no one standing committee of the House to
which this subject of inquiry is more appropriate
than another,! ask the unanimous consent of the
House for the introduction of the following reso-
tion, making a reference of the matter to a select
committee:
Jietolvrdi That the memorial of James S. Richardson,
the ent'ir of the atmospheric telegraph, asking aid of
(he Government for the purpose of testing, on an «.\ tensive
•M'nfc, tiic efficacy of the invention lor the rapid nan^mis-
«ion ot packages, letters, mails, &c., be referred to a select
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
do not think it is necessary to trouble the House
with the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will then be received ant!
referred under the rule.
Mr. HANKS. Rut the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will see that this is a subject which is not
more appropnate to any one standing commuted
of the House than to any other.
Mr. JONES. I do not think it appropriate to
any committee. 1 do not think that this House
has anything to do with inventions. This Gov-
ernment was not organized for the purpose of
making experiments with new inventions.
The SPEAKER. There being objection, the
introduction of the resolution is not in order.
territorial business.
Mr. FARLEY. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
to move that the House do now resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of
taking up the special order?
The SPEAKER. That is the business spe-
cially in order.
Mr. FA RLE V, Then I move that the House
do now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Farley] will withdraw his mo-
tion, to allow me to call for the special order.
Mr. FARLEY. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now demand the
special order, which is, I believe, the vote upon
the passage of a bill for the construction of roads
m the Territory of New* Mexico.
The bill was accordingly read by its title, as
follows:
" Bill for the consti uction of certain roads in the
Territory of New Mexico."
Mr. HAMILTON. Were not the yeas and
nays ordered on the passngp of this bill?
The SPEAKER. Such is the case. On the
passage of this bill the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The bill was then read, in extenso, by the Clerk.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, have wegone so
fur in the consideration of this bill as to order the
yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
oidered.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 recollect having the impres-
sion on my mind that I intended to move to strike
out the second appropriation of $12,000—that is,
as much of the bill as authorizes the sinking of
wells along the road.
The SPEAKER. On the 7th day of March
last this bill was under consideration; and then it
was ordered to be read, and was read a third time;
and the yeas and nays were ordered on its pas-
sage, when the Hou3e adjourned.
