322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 2,
to support their schemes if they will support the
schemes of those soliciting their aid. Go with me,
and I will go with you. That is the kind of in-
fluence \ fear and apprehend.
How stands the facts as to Bangor, upon its
merits? They collected there during the present
year some §19,000. They have employed there
six persons in all. Heretofore we have made ap-
propriations to that point. At one time, §15,000;
at another time, $15,000; and at another time,
$50,000—in all, $80,000. When the gentleman
from. Bangor [Mr. Washburn] came here last
session to get the last appropriation, what did he
tell us ? He wanted that for the very purpose for
which he wants this—to connect the custom-house
with the main land—as they built it out some-
where in the water, I suppose; I do not know
where. The gentleman presented his appropria-
tion, and it was urged for that purpose. It was
carried, and it was to complete the work. Such,
at least, were the assurances made here. Such, he
states now, was his conviction; and the result
shows how vain are all human calculations of this
kind. Now he wants $20,000 more for Bangor,
and urges that this appropriation is absolutely ne-
cessary for the use of that which has already been
expended. Twenty thousand dollars more are
wanted; and when this is appropriated, what as-
surance have we that it will finish the work ?
None whatever; and we are as likely to be called
upon for a new appropriation the next year as for
this one now. Let me state the available means
they have on hand. My friend states that some
$32,000 are now on hand, available.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to put
the gentleman right. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment of explanation ?
Mr. HIBBARD. I cannot give way, as my
time is so limited. Thirty-two thousand dollars
and upwards are now available and unapplied to
complete this building. They can complete the
building with this sum. They will complete it, if
we stop where we are; but if we keen on with this
wasteful system of appropriation, these custom-
houses will never be finished, especially so long
as honorable gentlemen are willing to come here
and carry through these unheard-of and unusual
appropriations.
Mr. PRESTON. It was not my intention, Mr.
Chairman, to venture another word before the
committee upon this subject; but the honorable
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard]
has made some allusions evidently in reference to
me, which induces me to say something in re-
sponse The gentleman charges me with the hein-
ous crime of" log-rolling" in this House, because
yesterday I ventured to read some extracts from
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, rela-
tive to the sums necessary for the completion and
construction of the custom-houses at Louisville,
St. Louis, Mobile, and other cities. I certainly
can see no cause for censure in the reference T
have made to the communication of the Chief of
the Treasury to the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means, in relation to a subject directly
under the consideration of the House. That com-
munication grouped the cities and the estimates
together, and if there has been any " log-rolling,"
as the gentleman styles it, it certainly owes its
origin to the Administration at the other end of the
avenue, and not to me, and from a source that I
suppose is far better skilled in the science.
The Secretary of the Treasury transmitted these
estimates to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and that committee having rejected them, [ pro-
pose, by amendment, to insert them in the defi-
ciency bill; and because 1 venture, in support of
my amendment, to read the catalogue of custom-
houses, and the sums the Government thinks
necessary for their proper construction, the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, coming from some-
where near the north pole, turns his eyes to
heaven, in patriotic horror, and asks me if it is
possible that I intended, by such " log-rolling," to
secure the passage of the amendments. I frankly
avow it is my intention not only to vote for my
amendment, but to effect, if possible, the insertion
of all the appropriations for all the custom-houses
embraced in the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
I have great respect, for the gentleman from New
Hampshire, but in sincerity I must say that his
affected condemnation of my supposed "log-roll-
ing" is somewhat absurd. He reminds me of Jo-
seph S.urface, in Sheridan's comedy of the School
for Scandal, who, after Sir Peter Teazle discards his
frank and careless brother, and gives to Joseph all
his confidence, at length detects him, after all his
virtuous speeches, in an attempt upon the honor
of his wife, which causes the indignant baronet to
exclaim with an oath that he never would trust
another man of sentiment again. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, in all candor, I would ask,
if it is not preposterous for the gentleman from
New Hampshire, who stands in relations of the
strongest personal and political affiliation with the
Chief Magistrate; who was one of the most effi-
cient and intelligent friends he possessed; who
participated in forming those combinations which
elevated him to the most exalted station in our
country with triumphant success, and now his
less, does know, and with him I leave this new
matter he has thought proper to introduce. He
evidently feels that our present action is getting to
be a comedy. Like other comedies, it seems likely
to end in "a farce" at last.
1 did not charge thegentleman with "log-rolling."
There are those whose sensitiveness sometimes
induces them to try on coats that were never made
for them. The gentleman is pleased to put it on;
1 did not put it on him. If it fits the gentleman,
why let him wear it. It seemed to me that the
reading of this list of custom-houses for which es-
timates were made, the calling over of the roll last
night and again this morning, however designed,
might have the effect to remind gentlemen inter-
ested in these vaiious appropriations that their
cause was a common one. Jt did seem to me that
trusted friend, to turn to me, aless expert brother ;1 itmighthave such an effect, and the course of
member, with no desire for a coalition, and nothing
to coalesce with, and read me, in choice teims,
a homily on the wickedness of "log-rolling?"
Verily, sir, I feel inclined to say with Sir Peter,
"Confound me if ever I trust a man of sentiment
again." [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I wish simply to make a
statement in reply to the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.] The gentleman
states that we have had some $30,000 appropria-
ted for the custom-house at Bangor. Fifty thou-
sand dollars were originally appropriated for that
purpose. The contract has already been made for
the building, and a large portion of the money
has already been expended. Fifteen thousand
dollars were appropriated for the purchase of a
site, and that amount has already been paid over.
Fifteen thousand dollars more were appropriated
for repairing the foundations, which sum has
been expended; and now twenty thousand dollars
more is necessary to make a connection with the
shore. The money heretofore appropriated has
been, and will be expended, before the meeting of
another Congress. The amount now asked for
is absolutely necessary to make a connection with
the shore. Will the House, after having made
an expenditure not in accordance with, but against
the wishes of a majority of the citizens of Ban-
gor, hesitate now to make this additional appro-
priation of twenty thousand dollars, recommended
as it is by the Secretary of the Treasury ? I have
nothing more to say.
Mr. HIBBARD said: Mr. Chairman, a word
in regard to the matter of log-rolling, to which the
gentleman from Kentucky has referred in a man-
ner so felicitous and amusing. My lecollections
of the story of Sir Peter Teazle are not so fresh
as the gentleman's, but I remember that when he
was laughed at by some of his waggish friends
about the attempts of Mr. Surface upon the vir-
tue of his wife, he joined in the laugh with char-
acteristic good nature, rubbed his hands, and said
it was "veiy pleasant." [Laughter.] That is
ail 1 can say of the gentleman's illustration. He
was very pleasant, but not very pertinent to the
matter m hand. [Laughter.] Mr. Suiftice was
baffled in his designs upon Lad}' Teazle, and I
trust the gentleman will fail in his attempts to vio-
late the Treasury. [Laughter.]
The gentleman says I come from near the north
pole. Not quite so far up as that, ?Jr. Chairman,
but from a most excellent neighborhood in that
direction—a little State which lias always stood
by the Constitution, maintained economy, and re-
sisted extravagance, asking nothing of this Gov-
ernment but that it will manage its legitimate
affairs in a proper wtfy. If that be a crime, ! must
^plead guilty, and let the gentleman make the most
of it. Living there, our cool judgments are not
driven to the necessity of attempting to sustain
our positions upon gra\ e matters of fact and figures
by illustrations drawn from comedy nor works
of fancy. It was, perhaps, to be expected that
the gay and gallant gentleman from Kentucky,
living not near the north pole, as he says I do, but
under the warm sun of the fervid South, should
resort to prurient works of fiction for argument
and illustration. There is no accounting for tastes,
and no use in disputing about them. The spirit
of the play from which the gentleman has quoted
seems agreeable to him, and is doubtless congenial
with his position upon the questions in issue;
though professing to have a good moral, it is not
exactly in accordance with some of the notions of
the unsophisticated North. I know not how it
may be in Kentucky. The gentleman, doubt-
affairs in ttie committee upon these appropriations
I think also indicates something of the kind.
There has been more remarkable shaking of hands,
and joining together of faces. Sornestrange meet-
ings of strange bedfellows.
Sir, 1 have uttered no sentiment here; I discard
sentiment. I do not like it, unless it is accompa-
nied with corresponding practice. 1 do not like
to preach one thing and do another; to point one
way and stand still like a guide post; nor, like
another class of blind guides, to recommend one
way and travel a contrary one. If I preach econ-
omy, I would practice it. I do not think it our
duty to stand here, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky seems to do, prepared, with eyes shut and
mouth open, to swallow everything handed down
to us from the other end of the avenue, because it
comes to us from there; to pass every item of ex-
penditure because a Secretary recommends it; to
vote everything asked for every conceivable pur-
pose, without examination and without question,
because, with or without the Secretary's per-
sonal consideration, it has found its way into his
estimates.
I say, sir, this is no course for statesmen, nor for
reasonable men, responsible to the country for all
our acts. If adopted, it would abrogate the whole
functions, not only of the Committee on Ways and
Means, but of Congress, and make us mere au-
tomatons, to register the edicts of the Departments.
As well, nay, better, that we never meet here at
all, than enact such a farce, and call it legislation.
It is the business of the Departments to recommend
such appropriations as they deem necessary. It
is then ours to. examine, and to grant such as we
think requisite, and to refuse the rest. To differ
from a recommendation of a Secretary about a
particular item indicates no lack of confidence in
that officer. N^ Secretary will so regard it, and
no true friend of his so proclaim it. My own
opinion of the character and general policy of the
high-minded and incorruptible man at the head of
the Treasury Department has been too often ex-
pressed, and is too well known by those who know
anything of my views, to require me to say that I
have lost none of my confidence in his integrity
and eminent ability, because I dissent, from some
of the items that happen to be found in these esti-
I mates. The gentleman yesterday seemed to think
I there had been Democratic favoritism, if not ex-
I travagance, because he told us that Democrats in
I his vicinity wanted jobs, and hence these calls
I for money. If this be so, and thegentleman dis-
| approves it, why does he not join us in putting
j down this favoritism and jobbing?
I The gentleman has traveled out of the record to
I intimate, if I understand him aright, that there
i has been some collusion, orimproper management,
in the recent election to the presidency of an emi-
1 nent citizen of my own State, of which I am in
1 some way cognizant. Sir, such allusions have no
j business here, and I shall not reply to them now.
If, at a fitting time and a proper occasion, the gen-
tleman will explain his meaning, and specify his
charges, I will assure him those charges sha'l he
promptly met. Then, as now, I fancy he will be
compelled to draw for proof and for illustration
upon the "School for Scandal."
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Washburn's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN demanded tellers, which
were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell and Church-
weli, were appointed.
