1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May *,
third volume of the documents accompanying the
President's message, they will find on pages four
and five that the sums named m the bill are
there recommended to be appropriated by this
Congress. And in a letter addressed to the Dele-
gate from Minnesota, by the Colonel of the Bureau
of Topographical Engineers, the opinion is ex-
pressed that these sums named in the bill are the
sums which can be judiciously expended during
the present year. The committee will find, also,
on pages twenty-eight and twenty-nine of the same
document, a letter from J. H. Simpson, of the
Corps of Civil Engineers, dated St. Paul, Sep-
tember 17,1853, stating the progress that has been
made in the construction of these roads.
In accoidance with the report of the bureau, a
bill has been drawn, and the sums recommended
in that report are embiaced m the bill; so that, in
addition to the sums which have been already
appropriated, including the sums winch, by this
bill, are proposed to be appropriated, the whole
expenditure thus far will amount to $125,000. The
estimates for the budding of these four roads
amount in the aggregate to the sum of ^i80,114.
A s I before said, the sums which have been already
expended, with those which it is now proposed
to appropnate, will amount to $125,000. And
this will leave the sum of #(14,000 to be appro-
priated hereafter, which amount will—as I under-
stand, from the best information 1 can obtain—
complete the roads.
And 1 would now call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fart, that this is not a news, project, hut
is merely a pioposition to continue the construc-
tion of roads that have been already commenced.
There are one or two amendments proposed by
the committee to which I also wish to call the
attention of members. The first of these amend- i
ments is in relation to the termination of the road 1
which commences at Point Douglas, and leads to
the falls or rapids of the St. Louis river of Lake
Superior. The former appropriations required the
load to terminate at the falls or rapids of the St.
Louis river; but u is now proposed to change the
road, and instead of having its termination at that
point, to have its termination at the mouth of said
river, at its connection with Lake Superior.
The reasons of this change, are these: If the
road terminated at the falls or rapids of ihe St.
Louis river, it would not terminate at good navi-
gation, and would involve the necessity of trans-
portation around the falls of the St. Louis river,
jf, on the contrary, the terminus is at Lake Su-
perior, then the road terminates at good navigation,
and saves the cost and trouble of transportation
around the falls, and will be of great convenience
to that section of the country, which is rapidly
becoming settled. There is another faet in favor
of this change of termination. It is tins: that the
lands in the neighboi hood of Lake Superior, where
it is proposed, by the amendment, to have the
road terminate, have been reserved by the Presi-
dent of the United States for military purposes.
This is the most important amendment that, has
been proposed,and it meets, as I understand, with
the approbation of the settlers in ihat section of
the country, and with the approbation of the offi-
cers of the Government here, who have given the
matter investigation and consideration. I will
state that all of these roads are of a military char-
acter. The one from Point Douglas to Fort
Gaines is necessary for the convenience of the
Government, because it terminates near to the
Chippewa asrency. The one from the mouth of
the Swan river terminates at an important point
near the Winnebago agency. The road from VVa-
bashnw to Mendota is also a military road, which
will be of great convenience to the Government.
I will detain this committee but for a few mo-
ments longer, principally for the purpose of read-
ing a short letter from the civil engineer at Minne-
sota, Mr. Emerson, which he addressed to the
Delegate from that Territory, explanatory of the
reasons for the change of location of the first
named road. He says:
St. Paoi,, Minnesota, Dccciahcr 28, I&53.
Sir: Having: been engaged for the la^t tineo ycais upon
the survey of Unveinmcm road-, in this Temtory as a civil
engineer, I wi-h, respectfully, to recommend fo you a
change m the terminus, of the Point Douglas and St. Louis
i:ver road.
TMn- road it- mnv Msiveycd, and located on (he Rt. LouH
liver, ishiu'r navi«:Uion on f.al-e Supeuot, ,uul cannot be
approached from the iake without going into the Indian
country.
There, is no advantage whatever to be derived froth its
present location on tins river; wheteas, if it should be
changed, as to run to the mouth of the St. Louis jivei, it
would terminate at a good harbor on that lake, and he of
gieat advantage to the man} settlers who will soon be upon
the borders oi tin* iake.
f have no doubt but what the expense of making the
road would be much less on the pioposed route than as
now located.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C.L. EMERSON, Civil Engineer.
Hon. H. M. Rice, M. C.
I do not know that there are any other facts,
having a bearing upon this matter, which need be
stated*, and 1 will simply say, m conclusion, that,
from the investigation which J have given to the
subject, I have become perfectly satisfied of the
correctness of the provisions of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
retain the floor for a few moments, until 1 can pro-
pound to him a question or two for information.
1 notice, m this hill, that all these appropriations
are for the continuation of the roads, and not one
for the completion of a single one of them. The
information 1 desire is, what these roads are to
cost? Mow much mote, in addition to the appro-
priations heretofore made, and to the proposed
one, will be required, in order to complete them.''
Mr. KARLEY. 1 stated in my remarks, which
1 piesume were not heard by the gentleman (torn
Virginia, that fm the completion of these roads
the Mini of $04,000 will be necessary.
Mr. LETOHER. In addition to the present?
Mr. FARLEY. In addition. The estimate of
the whole cost of these roads is $139,000.
Mr. LETCl IER. That wilt complete all?
Mr. PARLEY. It will. If this appropriation
is made next year, or at some future time, it will
i be necessary to appropriate some $>G4,000 more,
i The question then recurring upon agieeing with
| the amendment reported by the committee, it was ,1
j put, and the amendment was agteed to.
i No further amendment being offered to the bill, |
j it was laid aside to be reported to the House, with ,
! a recommendation that it do pass. j
INDIAN AGENTS. !
The next business in order upon the Calendar,
was House lull (No. di)2) authorizing the ap-:
pointment of an additional number of Indian 1
agents. !
' The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the 1
bill. |
Mr. ORR. 1 would remark to the Chair that j
it is hardly necessary to leport the bill, for I ob- I
serve in the proceedings of the Senate of Thurs- |
day or Friday, that two sections were introduced I
into the general Indian appropriation bill, making j
provision for the appointment of the different In- |
dian agents, whose appointment is provided for !
m this bill. Theseetions to which I have referred |
have been adopted it) the Senate. The bill will j
come back to this House, and they will have,
an opportunity of passing upon the subject when j
it is returned. I suggest the propriety of laying I
aside this bill. 1 would move to lay it upon the ;
table, if there were any table in the Committee of
the Whole. I see no objection to its being
passed over. i
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection, I
the bill will be laid aside to be reported to the ,
I louse, where it can be disposed of. !
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
The next bill coming up in order, was the bill
fo provide for the extinguishment of the title of
the Chippewa Indians to the lands owned and
claimed by them m the Territory of Minnesota
and State of Wisconsin, and for their domestica-
tion and civilization.
The bill was then read entire.
Mr. ORR. T suppose it is proper that I should
move an amendment. I desire to make a few re-
marks in explanation of the bill, and for the pur-
pose of giving me an opportunity, I move pro
forma to strike out the first paragraph of the bill.
Mr. Chairman, the Committeeon Indian Affairs
Inn e reported this bill, and recommended unani-
mously its passage. It proposes to introduce a
new feature in our Indian relations. It is not,
however, without precedent that the legislative
department of the Government should indicate
to the Executive the manner and terms upon
which treaties with the Indian tribes should, be
negotiated. We have several precedents for it.
The propositions contained in this bill have been
suggested by many persons who reside within the
limits of the Territory of Minnesota; and will, I
am informed, if the bill passes, meet the sanction of
the white settlers in the immediate vicinity of the
Indians. It proposes that the President shall enter
into negotiations with the Chippewa Indians, for
the purpose of extinguishing their title to the lands
which they own in the Territory of Minnesota,
and to a small portion m the State of Wisconsin.
It further pi oposes, that when their title shall
have been extinguished, to make a grant of eighty
acres of land to each Indian who is the head of a
family as a homestead. The object is to interest
the Indians in the actual cultivation of the soil.
We are informed that those who reside in the
vicinity of Lake Superior have been found to be
valuable laborers. Their labor has been already
turned into very useful channels, m digging copper
ore, and in discharging the duty of menials. The
committee desire that they shall be allowed to
remain on their own lands, and cultivate the same;
and we are informed that such is the desire of the
people of Minnesota.
The bill directs the President to allow each head
of a family the reservation of eighty aci es; and for
the puipose of guarding against any fraud which
may be attempted to be practised, now or heieaf-
ter, on the Indians by the whites, the bill makes
tins reserved land inalienable m the hands ol the
Indians until Congress shall otherwise direct.
It also contains a further stipulation, that the
annuities which are proposed to be paid these
Indians, for their title to the remainder of their
lands, shall be paid either in money; or, if, m the
discretion of the President, it will be moie con-
ducive to their inteiest, m goods, provisions, or
means of subsistence.
The President is also authorized to expend a
portion of the money which may be due these
Indians, to have their lands cleared, fenced, and
cabins erected for their comfort and conveence.
These are the general provisions of the bill. My
own impression is, that if the system which is
contemplated be carried out, it will be found to
work well. I think that we have had experience
enough that the policy which we have heretofoie
pursued of extinguishing the title to the Indian
lands, removing them further West, and paying
them large money annuities, has been demonstrated
by experiment to be an utter failure. 1 believe that
it has been the most fruitful of all other causes of
the retrograde movements of these people m the
scale of civilization. They have made no progress
on that account. You furnish them with money,
and that money is expended in a week or two,
or, at most, a month after they have received it.
Then, for the balance of the year, they live scant-
ily, frequently sull'eiing want and starvation.
Now, if the President exercises a sound discretion
when these treaties shall have been executed, if he
appoints a judicious agent, one who will look to the
interests of the Indians, we shall see the whole of
the expenditures made for them really inuring to
their benefit. We shall see that it will not find its
way into the hands of traders and speculators.
The territory m which H is proposed to extin-
guish this Indian title is a very extensive and val-
uable one. It embraces a very large proportion of
the copper legion situated m the Temtory ^of
Minnesota. It now belongs to the Indians. The
opening of the canal around the falls of the Sault
St. Mary is bringing all that section of country
into notice. It is givms: it all the facilities of
market; and hundreds and thousands of persons,
m a short time, will be opeiating m the mines
there. Therefore, it is desirable that the treaty
shall be executed at the earliest day, and executed
so that the Indians may be allowed to remain,
and their labor converted to useful purposes by
the whites. It is desirable that it shall be made
in such a way that whatever payments be made
to the Indians shall enure to their benefit, and not
that of speculators.
I have thus explained very briefly and concisely
the provisions of the bill, and I trust that it may
be adopted by the committee.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, what is the area of the country
which it is proposed to purchase in this way?
Mr. OUR. Well, sir, I am not prepared to an-
swer that question specifically. It is, perhaps,
fifty miles square, though I do not know but that
it is more than that. The Delegate from the Ter-
