324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
J
down the appropriation for which I ask, let the
decision be made now, and 1 will not trouble them
again with the matter.
Mr. RIDDLE demanded tellers upon the adop-
tion of the amendment, which were ordered; and
Messrs. Vail and Churchwell were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 39-
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS offered an amendment, appro-
priating $64,000 for completing the custom-house
at Mobile, and addressed the committee in favor
of the amendment. [These remarks will be'found
embodied with those in a preceding column.]
Mr. WHEELER- demanded tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 37.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WADE. 1 offer the following amendment
to the bill:
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have no desire to make any
special remarks on the necessity or propriety of
this appropriation. But 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact-that the Secretary
of the Treasury has reported the amount as ne-
cessary for the completion of the marine hospital
at Cleveland. I desire to state that the city of
Cleveland has-between forty and fifty thousand
inhabitants, and that it is one of the most salu-
brious locations on the shores of Lake Erie; that
this marine hospital has been located there, and
has progressed to a point which needs about this
sum to perfect it. It is now in that condition that
two thirds of the wards in the hospital are unfin-
ished; the upper portion of the building about the
roof is unfinished; the rains and storms heat in
under the roof, and render that poition of it,
which was destined to have been completed, inca-
pable ofoccupation by the inmates of this hospital.
1 wish to impress upon the committee the fact,
that at the port of Cleveland during the last year
there were 93,400 seamen entered; that that lake
country is a nursery for your spamen; that, aside
from the fisheries, which bring fisherman from the
Atlantic States, there is no part of the United States
which compares with the western lakes as a nur-
sery for your seamen.
I would say, further, that such is the condition of
the w&tern country during the summer season,
that patients for this marine'hospital are sent from
New Oileans, from St. Louis, and from the Mis-
sissippi and its tributaries generally, that they
may avail themselves of the"salubnty of the at-
mosphere on the lakes in the summer season.
This building is, however, in that unfinished con-
dition that many of the patients who have suitable
recommendations for admission there are turned
away, because there is no room for them. I can-
not tell how much the Government has expended
on that building, but it is a fine structure, stand-
ing in one of the most lovely locations in that
beautiful city.
I want to say to the committee further, that it
will be most niggardly economy to refuse .this
appropriation, having progressed to this point,
and let the building go to ruin.
I desire to state that the tonnage of vessels
entered at Cleveland last season was 495,000 tons,
and that the revenue collected there, by shipment
to foreign ports, was $50,000 and upwards.
Mr, HOUSTON. 1 understand that the amend-
ment under consideration is that in regard to the
hospital at Cleveland. I am anxious to get the bill
through the committee to-day. Here are some
six or eight marine hospitals, for which appropri-
ations have been recommended by the Depart-
ment, but which the committee have not reported.
If the sense of the committee is in favor of them
let them manifest it in one vote.
[Many Voices, "Vote on them separately."]
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state the reason why
I voted against the completion of these marine
hospitals m the manner and style propoped. In
the first place, if gentlemen will look into the sub-
ject, they will find that we have long since appro-
and disposed of all the hospital money,
which was designed for the comfort and conve-
nience of sick seamen; and that whole class of
people are now dependent upon the general treas-
ury for support. We are wasting the money in-
tended for the convfort and convenience of this
class in their distresses, and we are wasting it
upon the construction of marine hospitals at places
which, in my judgment, are not suitable. If gen-
tlemen will look at page twelve "of the document
I have in my hand, they will find stated the ob-
jects sought to be accomplished by all these appro-
priations. Almost all of them are intended more
to beautify and adorn the buildings than to ad-
vance the comfort and convenience of the inmates.
On page thirteen of the same document, you will
find the annual cost of keeping up these establish-
ments. At some points it costs the Government
ten and a half dollars a week for each sick seaman
in the hospital. At the last session of Congress,
when this-question was thoroughly investigated
in the House of Representatives, we had before
us a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
stating that it costs about double the amount, upon
the average, to take care of sick seamen in this
way, than v/hen we procure quarters for them in
private establishments. That is true now. At
Chelsea, Massachusetts, the cheapest point, it
costs four dollars and twenty cents a week; and
at a point in Florida, it is over ten dollars a week
for each sick seaman in the hospital. They range
all along between these two amounts.
If we propose to take care of them as we ought
to do, let us make such arrangements as will enable
the Government to take care of them upon the
fund which is raised; and if we cannot do it, let
us not take these lar^e amounts for the purpose
of building houses for them.
By reference to another page of this same doc-
ument, you will find that at Cleveland, Ohio, we
have had nine diiferent appropriations. Itisavery
j difficult matter to finish the building. Theappro-
] pnations for the marine hospital at that city have
| been as follows:
I 1812, August 20, fur hire $12,000 00
i ]84f>3 Maieli 3, for construction  8,333 33
| IH-lf*, Aufiuct 3, do   10,000 00
, 1*49, Mai eh 3, do   6,667 0U
18f)0, September 30, do  $8,000
J)o do for furniture  7,000
Do do forgroUmgandfilling. 5,0OO
  20,000 00
1851, March 3, for construction  12,909 05
1&52, August 31, draining, heating, and watering- 2,000 00
In all $71,909 38
The appropriations here are no worse than at
other places. At St. Louis over $80,000 have been
appropriated for the marine hospital there, at differ-
ent periods; at Chicago, Illinois, over $49,000, at
Louisville, Kentucky, over #50,000; at Paducah,
Kentucky, over $50,000; at Evansville, Indiana,
$25,000; at San Francisco, California, §180,000.
So we see by reference to these documents, that
! we are using that kind of economy which requires
; the largest expenditure of money to accomplish the
iend. Inthemanner in which this expenditure has
I been made, it is a great waste of money and as one
! of the Committee on Ways and Means, I thought
| it my duty to give a vote which would arrest this
course of things. The rooms in this building, for
j which the amendment now provides, ore, with very
j few exceptions, in a comfortable and convenient
] state, and everything is in readiness to take care
■ of the sick. The physicians, nurses, and cooks
j are kept by the Government at a cost averaging
, between seven and eight dollars a week 
[Here the hammer fell.]
; Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend by reducing
' the appropriation one dollar.
I I will consume but a minute of the time of the
j committee in giving an additional reason to those
i suggested by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
I Houston.] These estimates have been spoken
; of in the aggregate as a condition of the system;
j and now I wish to direct the attention of thecom-
I mittee to the demands for the appropriations
: which we are now asked to make. By referring
to House document No. 5, you will find that at
Key West, Florida, for which an appropriation
is to be asked, that the average number of patients
is only five. We have already appropriated for
Key West a large sum of money, to which refer-
ence has already been made by the gentleman
from Alabama. By refening to page fourteen of
the same document, you will find that there are
employed at the marine hospital at Mobile, Ala-
bama, one surgeon, one superintendent, one mat-
ron, one nurse, one assistant nurse, one house
cleaner, one cook, two laborers, one laundress,
one assistant laundress, where there was but one
patient for the last year. The average number of
patients is none. Still we are to be asked for an
appropriation to complete this marine hospital,
where we have not a single patient. At Paducah,
Kentucky, there are employed one surgeon, one
superintendent, onesteward.and eight employees,
where there are no pattents at all.
Mr. FULLER. If the gentleman will turn
over the page, he will find the average number of
patients at Mobile is twenty-seven.
Mr. HIBBARD. I stand corrected as to Mo-
bile, but am right as to the rest. I thought it
strange that such should be the fact there. But,
sir, Paducah, Kentucky, for which the gentleman
from Kentucky desires an appropriation, has no
patients. At Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania—another
part of this system—the number of patients, none.
Key West, average number of patients, five.
Now, sir, for a marine hospital at Paducah, Ken-
tucky, where there are no patients, we have
already appropriated $51,625. At Cleveland we
have already appropriated $71,909, while at the
hospital in that place there are an average of
twenty-eight patients. At a large number of these
hospitals there are no patients at all; at some of
them there are a few; at others quite a number.
Now, sir, the whole fact of the matter is, that
we need but few marine hospitals, and they should
be selected with care, and located at eligible
points, where the greatest number of patients will
be likely to congregate. They should be located
in different portions of the country. Some of
them I would have upon the western waters, al-
though there are not, perhaps, so many patients as
upon the Atlantic coast; still they are necessary
there. I would aggregate the expenditures at the
most prominent points, because in that way we
shall accommodate the greater number.
I cannot think that this committee will deem
any further argument necessary to show the utter
inexpediency of these appropriations, a large
portion of which are to be applied to points where
there are no patients.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLISS. I am satisfied that if this com-
mittee can only understand the facts connected
with the appropriation which is provided for in
the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Wade,]
there will not be a single vote m opposition to its
adoption. I deny that the representations of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. IIibbard,]
however true it may be of the circumstances con-
nected with other institutions of the same kind,
can have any application to those connected with
the hospital at Cleveland. Although it may be
true that injudicious appropriations may have
been voted by Congress to establish marine hos-
pitals; although it may be true that there may be
some of these institutions which have no patients,
such a statement is utterly untrue with regard to
that at Cleveland, for which this appropriation is
sought.
As has already been remarked, it is so situated
as to accommodate the whole frontier lying along
the great chum of lakes, extending from the West
to the East. It is provided with as many patients
as in its present incomplete state it can accommo-
date, and applications, as I have reason to know,
are from time to time made for the admittance of
more patients than can possibly be received.
I know it is provided with a medical corps,
consisting of gentlemen distinguished in science,
having all the capacity in that profession that per-
tains to any other board of a like kind in the coun-
try. It was established as a matter of necessity;
it was established in accordance with the dictates
of humanity; and it has been sustained, from time
to time, as has been shown by the chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means, by appro-
priations, although they were light and ineffi-
cient. It is at present incomplete, and the amount
already expended to promote the great objects of
this institution, is liable to be lost in themggardly
economy which would withhold the small appro-
priation that is now asked.
I say, again, that if gentlemen of the committee
could understand distinctly the circumstances sur-
rounding this application, I cannot believe there is
one here who would vote against it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
