3-26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
and it is this: that the amendment relating to
Vicksburg is not in order, because it is a new
appropriation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is it in order for the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to offer an
amendment to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] which relates to
Cleveland ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it is
in order.
Mr. LATHAM. I withd raw the amendment
I offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I also withdraw the
amendment I offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The only question now
is upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
^The question was then taken upon Mr. Wade's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now offer j
the amendment which has already been submitted.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the construction of stone eteps and railing for the
hospital at Chicago, Illinois, and for grading the ground and
inclosing tlie site of said hospital witii a suitable iron fence,
in accordance witli tlie recommendation of the tfecretaiy
of the Treasury, $8,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to make no
extended remarks upon the amendment which I
have offered. It simply follows the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. The im-
portance of that hospital to a city of sixty thousand
inhabitants must be well known to every member
of this House; and the report states that it has, on
the average, twenty-one patients all the time.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment; and it asks for an appropriation which is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury:
For inclosing and grading the &ites for tlie necessary out-
buildings for tlie marine hospital at San Francisco, £44,000.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I move the following amend-
ment, in conformity with the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury:
For the cons,Iructiim of hot-air furnaces, fericms, and
paving the mai ine hospital at Loui viJle, Kentucky, $13,000.
The question was then put on the amendment;
and, upon a division, there were—ayes 36, noes
not counted.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Harris were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FULLER. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer; and I do it because my colleague
from the Cumberland district [Mr. Macdokald] is
not now present. I offer the following:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Poitland.
Maine, §80,000. '
^ Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Ihis is a deficiency bill. The appropriation for
which the gentleman's amendment provides is not
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury as
a deficiency. I submit, therefore, that the amend-
ment is not in order.
7 he CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the hospital for which the appropriation is
asked to be aii original work, or a building already
commenced?
Mr. FULLER.. The building has already been
commenced, and the amount provided m the '
amendment is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury as a deficiency.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. FULLER. I beg to refer the gentleman
to miscellaneous document No. 5, if he doubts the
fact of its being so recommended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have examined the docu-
ment alluded to by the gentleman, and I do not so
find it.
Mr. FULLER. The recommendation is pre-
cisely the same in effect as other recommendations
n , yeasury Department for deficiencies,
ilr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt hmi for a moment >
Mr. HOUSION, The gentleman from Maine
is mistaken." That document purports to give a
history of all the marine hospitals that are being
built, but it does not recommend this as a defi-
ciency; and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Barksdale] withdrew a similar amendment, for
the very reason that it was not a deficiency.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is in er-
ror. I only withdrew it temporarily. I intend
to offer it again as soon as I get an opportunity.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here are the estimates, and
it is not among them. It is not a deficiency, and
I object to it.
Mr. FULLER. In reply to the gentleman 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wishes to un-
derstand whether the building is already com-
menced ?
Mr. FULLER. It is already commenced, and
$30,000 have been appropriated for it.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be the fact, the
amendment is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I beg leave to call the at-
tention of the committee to document No. 3, page
2971, from which it appears that Congress appro-
priated $30,000 for this building at Portland,
Maine, on August 31, 1852. A site for the build-
ing was purchased on the J 1th of November, 1852,
for $11,000; but the selection not being considered
a judicious one, a second commission was ap-
pointed to select another site; and their recom-
mendation has not yet been acted upon.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is not a deficiency,
and it is not asked for by the Department as a
deficiency.
Mr. FULLER, if I understand the position
of this case, it stands precisely on the same foot-
ing as the Louisville custom-house, where the
Government refrained from making the expendi-
ture because the sum appropriated was not suf-
ficient.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to cull his attention to the record which de-
cide-< this matter at once. An appropr ation f< r
the Louisville custom-house is asked for in the es-
timates for deficiencies. Here are the estimates
for deficiencies for marine hospitals, and the one
at Portland is not included. The Secretary of the
Treasury does not want this sum as a deficiency.
He has as much money as he can spend there this
year. It is recommended in the estimates for the
general, civil, and diplomatic appropriation bill.
TheCHAIRMAN. The 81st rule is as follows:
" iVo appropiiation shall he reported m such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law."
The question, whether the appropriation has
been recommended by the Secietary or not, of
course has no hearing upon the question of order.
As the Chair understands the facts of this case,
appropriations have already been made for this
object, and it is therefore "authorized by law,"
within the meaning of the rule just read.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point I make is this:
not that there has been no appropriation made,
but that the work has not been commenced, and
that this is no deficiency. This being; a deficiency
bill, the rule which has been read by the Chair
does not apply to the case.
Mr. FULLER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am stating my point of or-
der; it is this  
Mr. FULLER. I call the gentleman to order.
I ask whether a question of order is debatable?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am restating my point of
order, because the Chair misapprehended me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be happy
to hear the gentleman from Alabama. What is
the rule to which the gentleman refers different
from the rule read by the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is this: that it is not com-
petent for the committee to put into a deficiency
bill an original appropriation which is not asked !
for by (he Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of any such rule. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama turn to it and read it?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no such rule; but
the practice of the House has been universally !
what! have indicated. There has been no case '
to the contrary. Here are the estimates for the :
deficiency bill, and here are the estimates for the !
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. This ap-
propriation for Portland is not in the former, but
is in the latter estimates. If the Chair rules thet 'l
this is in order, then it will be equally in order to !
put in every single item now in the civil and
diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order made
by the gentleman from Alabama is, that this ap-
propriation is not within the 83d rule—an appro-
priation i( authorized by law." That is the only
rule which the Chair finds at all applicable to the
subject; and under that rule the Chair thinks that
this appropriation is in order, and is 41 authorized
j; by law."
i| Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point of order
[j that it is not a deficiency, and cannot go into a de-
!! ficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order,
and state it in this way: that there can be no de-
ficiency 
Mr. FULLER. I call the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is on the floor to a question of order, and he
has a right to state it.
Mr. FULLER. Well, I hope these interrup-
tions will not be taken out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is upon the floor on a point of order, and
the Chair will hear what he has to say.
Mr. LETCHER. I say that where no site
has been selected, as in this case of Portland,
Maine, there can be no deficiency; and therefore
it is not in order to make an appropriation in the
: deficiency bill to meet the case,
j TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the same
j way that he did before. It has been established
; that it is competent for any member of the com-
| mittee to offer an appropriation relating to any
1 work which has been in progress, whether recom-
j mended by the Secretary or not. The Chair rules
j the amendment in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I appeal from that decision
i of the Chair.
' The question was then put," Shall the decision
■ of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
; mittee?" and there was, on a division—ayes 71,
j noes 33; no quorum.
i Mr. COBB. I demand tellers.
Mr. HENN. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 49, being a bill to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June 1854, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before we adjourn,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to
take up a bill from the Senate, which was passed
I by the House with some amendments to it. It
has been somewhat modified. It is a bill relating:
: to the pay and contingent fund of that body. I
j propose to take it up and make some disposition
1 of it.
Mr. RIDDLE and several other Members. I
object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suppose it is in
order to move that the House do now proceed to
the business on ihe Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour not having
expired, it is not in order.
Mr. DEAN.* Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present a joint res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of New
York, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It is in relation to the secuiity of em-
igrant passengers, and to alterations of the law in
that respect.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection made,
it can be presented. The Chair hears 110 objection
to the introduction of the resolution.
It was accordingly presented, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned at twenty
minutes past three o'clock, p. m.
