1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Fifty-eighth amendment:
To pay for certain goods borrowed by late agent, J. S j
Watrous, to fulfill treaty stipulations with the Chippewas, I
to be replaced out of annuity eoods, but which, with the i
agency building, were consumed by fire, in May, 1853, 1
$1,136 03. |
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways I
and means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
For paying to the Winnebago nation of Indians of certain
unexpended balances of appropriations under various trea-
ties, on account of annuities, education, provisions, good-4-,
&c.> $40,004 69.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment with an amendment. They have instructed
roe to move to insert, in the one thousand and
fourteenth line, after the word " payment " the
words " in full;" so that the amendment wiil read:
For payment in full to the Winnebago Indians, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Sixtieth amendment:
For payment of balance found due the Creek Indians for
losses sustained during the war with Great Britain, by that
portion of iht' tribe who w«*re friendly to, and cooperated
with the United States, in addition to the appropriation of t
the 30th of August, 1852, $2oH 10.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following;
Provided, That the proper accounting officers of the De-
partment of the Interior be authorized and directed to audit
and settle the claim of John Randon, deceased, a fiiemlly '
Creek Indian, (of the halfblood,) for looses Mtstamedarid
properly destroyed by the hostile Creek Indians ui the war
of 1813-'14 in Mich manner, and upon siieh terms as may
be iu-uand equitable, the amount when so ascertained to
be paid out ot any money in the Treasury not otherwi*e
apptopriati d, to the heirs and legal representatives of the
said John Randon: Ptovuicd, That the amount shall not
exceed the sum of,$5,925.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if this is the report of one of
the standing committees of the House?
Mr. HOWE. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON, I mean to say, has any com-
mittee of the I louse examined the claim ?
Mr. HOWE. It has been examined by myself,
but not by any committee. The reason why I
propose this amendmentatthe present time is, that
the Senate amendment is for a claim of the same
description as the one for which I haveoffeied my
amendment.
Some days aq;o this claim was placed in my
hands for examination as a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. It was upon the me-
morial of Peter Randon, the son and administrator
of John Randon, deceased. The history of the
matter is substantially this: It appears thatduring
the Creek war of 1813 and 1814 a portion of the
Creek nation remained friendly to the United
States. They cooperated with us in fighting our
battles. During the war depredations were com- i
mined upon the property of the friendly Indians
by those who were hostile to us to a very con-
siderable amount, and it was understood, at the
time of the treaty between the Creek Indians and j
the United Slates Government, that the friendly |
Indians should be indemnified fortheir losses. No I
appropriation, however, was made for carrying |
this understanding or agreement into effect until a
claim was presented in 1815, by a Creek Indian 1
named Samuel Mannac, for $12,595, which was |
considered by Congress, and the War Department ■
authorized and directed to settle the claim upon j
just and equitable principles; and his claim was :
paid in full m May, 1816. Congress, at the ses- j
sion of 1817, passed a law appropriating $85,000
to pay this whole class of claims. That was the j
amount indicated by Mr. Hawkins, the Indian J
agent, and was supposed to be sufficient to cover \
all that was due for spoliations committed on the ■
fiiendly Indians. The act passed, and themoney
was placed in the hands of General Mitchell for ;
disbursement. He went to the Creek country,
and white there claims to the amount of $300,000 ■
were filed with him, which the chiefs cut down to ■
$195,417 90. The appropriation of $85,000 was j
divided pro rata among tEe claimants, under the j
direction of th#* Secretary of War, leaving a bal-1
ance unpaid of $110,417 90. After the $85,000
ha.d been disbursed, other claims were-presented,
a list of which is to be found m a supplemental
abstract furnished by General Mitchell, published
in House Document No. 200, first session, Twen-
tieth Congress, amounting in all to $9,770. These
claims came in too late to receive any share of the
$85,000. The matter rested until 1824 in this
position, Congress, of course, being occasionally
importuned to make appropriation for their satis-
faction.
The subject was then again referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and Mr. McLean, of
Delaware, reported from that committee, that the
$85,000 was considered in full payment, and that
no further appropriation should be made. That
settled the matter until 1852, when Congress made
an appropriation of $110,417 901& pay the balance
of the liquidated claims, leaving then a half dozen
claims, contained in the supplemental abstra<& un-
provided for, either by the act of 1817 or tnat of
1852.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have examined particu-
larly into this claim of Peter Randon, and so f#V
as 1 can see, it seems to be as just as any which
have been provided for. I have moved the amend-
ment here, because I found the sixtieth Senate
amendment provided for the payment of a balance
found due the Creek Indians. It may be that the
Senate amendment is intended for one of these half-
dozen claims; and being proposed by the Senate
amendment to make provision for one of them,
I thought proper to offer this amendment for
another.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWE. 1 hope that I may have the
unanimous consent to explain a little lurther.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOWE. By the amendment it will be
seen that I do riot propose to appropriate any spe-
cific sum of monej. I simply piopose to refer
this claim of Peter Randon to the Department of
the Interior, that it may be examined and com-
pared with the Maims which have already been
audited and settled, and be adjusted on the same
principles. I do not know anything about the
price of the articles charged; but the Department
is to examine and settle the matter, and when au-
dited and settled, the money is to be paid; but the
amount to be paid, it is provided, shall notexceed
4)5 (J031
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know anything
about the claim to which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has referred. The amendment of
the Seriate, to which it is proposed to be attached,
I understand him to say, provides for the same
class of claims, yet that amendment was presented
to us not only by the action of the Senate, but the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means.
It is mdoised also by the proper Department,
which has investigated, and fully and distinctly
reported on the subject. I am not prepared to
say whether the claim is right or wrong; I have
not had an opportunity to look into it. I would
ask the gentleman whether it has been examined
by any standing committee of the House? The
course I have endeavored to pursue this session
is, that where a committee examines a subject,
and brings forward an amendment, to let it pass
without remark, unless I understand the subject
thoroughly, and am of the opinion that it is wrong.
In regard to the appropriation bills which are
under my direction, I make no resistance to
amendments, unless 1 know of some positive ob-
jection to them; and where I know nothing of
the claim, as is the case in this instance, I let it
pass without a word from me. It seems to me
that this committee ought to require that these
claims should be presented by the order of some
standing committee of the House, and not by an
individual member.
Mr. HOWE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an explanation? I have written a some-
what lengthy report, which I think I may say,
without affectation, will be of some service here-
after, if it is reported and printed. I have drawn
up a bill'm this case. This subject was referred
to me, as a memher of the Committeeon Military
Affairs. I am persuaded that if this subject had
not come up until to-morrow, so that I could have
finished the report to-day, I should have had the
unanimous instructions of the Committeeon Mil-
itary Affairs to report the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not feel it my duty to
resist an appropriation which is recommended
by one of the standing committees of the House,
unless it happens to be some matter which is
fairly within my jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWE. It is not to be expected that the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means can look carefully into everything
which passes here. I know that he has a large
amount of labor upon his hands, and I am sure
that he is endeavoring to do everything that is
best for the country.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thegentleman misunderstood
me. I did not mean to say that 1 would oppose eve-
rything that ought to be included in this bill which
X had not examined. But I must have some rule
to govern me in relation to the amendments that
are proposed to the appropriation bills; and I have
adopted the rule as the safest for myself, and the
safest for the wholesome legislation of this House,
that every committee shall take the responsibility
of its own action as such. When amendments
are proposed I put them upon the responsibility •
of the committee that makes a favorable report in
regard to them, unless it may be in such cases as I
have examined, and believed to be wrong.
Mr. HOWE. In reply to the gentleman from
Alabama, I wish to remind him again that the
amendment I have offered does not make an abso-
lute appropriation, but it refers the case to the
Department of the Interior to investigate it. If
they find it an honest claim, then it is to be paid,
but not otherwise.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the Senate
amendment,it was taken,and the amendment was
concurred in. *
Sixty-first amendment:
For payment to certain Creek Indians for their individual
rrs-erve*, s-old with the approbation of the Secretary of
War, in the year 1841, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
having received the consideration for the use of said In-
dians in certificates of deposit on the Planters and Me-
chanic*' Bank of Columbus, Georgia, which foiling while
said certificates were in the hands of the Commissioner,
became lost to said Indians, $2,600.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a communication from
the proper Department explaining that amend-
ment. The amendment, however, explans itself.
We received the money of the Indians, and kept
the certificates till the bank failed. The result
was, that the Indians lost their money. I think
we ought to pay it to them.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-second amendment.
For the expenses of making the necessary selections
andsurvey?ot land to accommodate the Indians residing
within the State of Texas, agreeably to arrangements au-
thorized by ufi act of the Legislature of that Statu, allowing
the requisite jnrisdition of the Government of the United
States for such purposes, and for concentrating and sub-
sisting them, and furnishing suitable stock cattle, agricul-
tural implements, swds, and other necessary articles
incident thereto, $86,430.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriation is in-
tended to carry out an arrangement made between
this Government and the State of Texas in rela-
tion to the Indians within that region of the
United States. Texas, by a law of her Legislature,
has authorized the selection of certain quantities
of land there for the purposeof placing the Indians
upon it and taking care of them. This appro-
priation is intended to enable the Department to
make that selection of land, and to settle the In-
dians thereon.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-third amendment:
For the second and third of ten installments of provisions
and merchandise, in addition to former appropriations, for
payment of annuities and transportation of same to certain
tribes of Indians, per seventh article of the treaty at Fort
Laramie, of 17th of September, 1851, $24,000.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
For the fourth of ten installments in provisions and mer-
chandise, for payment of annuities and transportation of
the same to certain tribes of Indians, per seventh article of
the treaty at Fort Laramie, ot 17th of September, 1851,
$•72,000.
Sixty-fifth amendment.
For surveying and marking boundary lines of such tract
or tracts of land as may be provided under the stipulations
of the amendments of the Senate to the treaties of 23d
July and 5th August, 1851, with the Sioux Indians, $1,200.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
For expenses of negotiating treaties of the tenth of Sep-
tember, 1853, with the Rogue river I ndians, and ol the 19fh
of September, 1853, with the Cow Creek band of Umpqua
Indians, $5,000.
