1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
Several Members. It is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remark
to the gentleman from New York that this bill
was being considered by sections. The first sec-
tion has been considered and passed, and the sec-
ond section has been read, before the gentleman
from New York moved his amendment. It is,
therefore, too late for him to propose it as an
amendment to the first section. It may,perhaps,
be introduced as an independent proposition. If
the gentleman from New York proposes it as an
additional- section of the bill, the Chair will under-
take to receive it.
Mr. WALSH. It cannot be offered as an ad-
ditional amendment. It proposes to extend to the
Indians the provisions of the homestead bill.
Mr. LETCHER. If the Chair will look at
this bill, he will find that it contains but two sec-
tions; and we are not through the second section
yet.
The CHAIRMAN. The second section was
about being read, and the Chair was about to pro-
nounce that, if no furtheramendments were offered,
the bill would be laid aside, and reported to the
House. Such order will now be made. If there
are no further amendments offered to the bill, it
will be laid aside, and reported to the House.
It was so ordered.
BILL FOR THE INCREASE OF SALARIES.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill next in order for
theconsiderationofthecommitteeis Housebill No.
162, to increase the salaries of judicial and execu-
tive officers in the Territories of Oregon and New
Mexico. This bill was reported from the Judi-
ciary Committee, with amendments, proposing to
insert after the word " New Mexico" the words
" Washington and Utah,"and proposing to strike
out the words " two thousand five hundred" and
to insert in lieu thereof "thiee thousand," thus
making the salaries of judges in the Territories of
Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New Mexico,
$3,000 per annum.
Mr. RICE. I have an amendment which I wish
to offer to the amendment reported by the Judici-
ary Committee.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That tile annual
salaries of the chief justice and associate justices of tile
Territory of Minnesota be increased to §2,50U.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Minnesota that the amend-
ment is not in order at this time. The amend-
ment of the Committee on the Judiciary must first
be disposed of.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I move to amend the
amendment of the Judiciary Committee, by pro-
viding that the salary of the secretary of the Ter-
ritory of Washington shall be $2,000 per annum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that he should defer offering his
amendment until the pending amendment shall be
acted upon.
Mr. LANE. I withdraw it, then, for the pres-
ent.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee of the J udiciary;
and they were agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I now offer my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask the gentleman
from Oregon what salary that officer now receives ?
Mr. LANE. Fifteen hundred dollars.
'The question was then put; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I now move my amendment as a
separate section.
Mr. LETCHER. What salary do those of-
ficers now receive?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would re-
mark that the salary of the judges of Minnesota
is §1,800. lam acquainted with the amount of
duties which those gentlemen have to perform,
the number of miles they have to travel, the courts
they have to hold, and the expenses of living in
that Territory, and I think that,the sum which
the amendment provides for is not any more than
sufficient, and I hope it will be adopted.
The question was taken upon the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I move to amend the
bill so as to provide that the salary of the secre-
tary of the Territory of the Utah shall be increased
to two thousand dollars.
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) Provided he have
only one wife. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of the amendmentoffered by the Delegate
from Utah.
Mr. WALSH. I understand, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] has
ottered an amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The ordinary
salary of that officer has been fifteen hundred dol-
lars, and I do not think it is in order to move to
increase it here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that the bill is to provide for the
increase of salaries.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Bern-
hisel's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LILLY. I desire to offer an amendment
as an additional section. 1 move the following:
Sec. — Be it further enacted, That the salary of the
district attorney of New Mexico shail be increased to $1,000
per annum.
I move the amendment at the request of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bridges,]
who had the matter in charge. It is to increase
the salary of the district attorney of New Mexico
to >->1,000. I understood from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that this matter had been before
the Judiciary Committee, and that they had con-
curred with him in recommending the increase.
That gentleman is now absent, or he would have
taken charge of the matter himself. I said the
Judiciary Committee recommended the increase.
They, however, subsequently reconsidered their
action, I believe, upon the ground that it would be
setting a bad precedent to other district attorneys,
who would be likely to come forward and ask to
have their compensation increased m consequence.
The present district attorney for New Mexico,
is a friend of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
whom I have alluded. When he went there he
was under the impression that there would be
comparatively little travel to be done, and that the
legal business he would secure would be sufficient
to make up a reasonable compensation. On arriv-
ing there, however, he found that there was much
traveling to be done through an inhospitable and
hostilecountry, that there was very little legal bus-
iness to be done, and his salary would not pay
his traveling expenses. He therefore thought
this a fair case for an increase of salary, and con-
curring in that opinion, I have offered this amend-
ment.
Mr. HUGHES. I will say to the gentleman
from New Jersey, that I understand there is a
Senate bill before the House providing for increas-
ing the salaries of the district attorneys in all the
Territories, so that the amendment of the gentle-
man will hardly be necessary. *
Mr. LILLY. I was not aware that such was
the case. If it is, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CUTTING. I beg leave to make an ex-
planation in respect to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from New Jersey to have with-
drawn his amendment.
Mr. LILLY. I should be glad to hear the ex-
planation of the gentleman from New York, and
will not withdraw my amendment until he has
made it. I will say that I offered it under ajsrom-
ise to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, from
whose district the district attorney to whom it
applies came
Mr. CUTTING. *! beg leave to explain to the
gentleman from New Jersey, in reference to the
action of the Committee on the Judiciary, to which
he alludes, that having had numerous applications
from almost every portion of the western country,
and particularly from the new Territories, for an
increase of the fees of the district attorneys and
of the marshals in those regions, that it has
become necessary to examiv and prepare, if we
can agree upon it, a bill which shall settle the
compensation, not only of the district attorneys
in the Territory of New Mexico, but in the Ter-
ritories of Washington, Oregon, and elsewhere.
Now, if this committee adopt such a provision as
is contained in the amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey, the salary of adistrict attorney
in one of the Territories, it will in some, degree
embarrass the action of the Judiciary Committee. It
will be considered as a precedent by which we are
to be governed in regulating the compensation of
the others in other Territories.
I said that there were applications for an increase
of the salaries of other officers besides those of dis-
trict attorneys. We havehad before us applications
in respect to marshals and other officers engaged
in the administration of justice. The whole sub-
ject is an extensive one, and, it seems to me, ought
to be embraced in one measure. If anything is
done in relation to the subject, the whole matter
shou,ld be embraced in a bill such as that for the
increase of the salaries of the district judges—
which the Committee on the Judiciary have re-
ported to the House—in which we have endeav-
ored to place the salaries of the respective judges
in some degree upon the ground of equality, hav-
ing in view the amount of business and the ex-
penses of living in the different parts of the
Union. So, too, as regards district attorneys and
marshals. Instead of acting here on a solitary
case, it seems to me that it would be better to leave
the whole subject to the Judiciary Committee,
which will report a bill covering all these cases.
Now, in so doing, I do not desire the gentleman
from New Jersey to understand that we make any
promise on this subject, or that he will regulate
his action in reference to his present motion on
anything that the Committee on the Judiciary are
to do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the gentleman from New Jersey has
withdrawn his proposition.
Mr. LILLY. No, sir; I desire to get some
information before I withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New Jersey is still pending.
Mr. LILLY. I do not withdraw it until after
I have heard the explanation of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. CUTTING. I can say to the gentleman
from New Jersey that I can make no promise,
even of an indirect character, in reference to the
district attorney of this Territory. All I can say
is, that the whole subject is under investigation;
and the whole subject will, I hope, be reported on.
There has been some delay, arising from cir-
cumstances unnecessary to be alluded to; but we
have taken up this whole subject. Last week we
reported a bill on the subject of salaries; and I
presume that we shall report a general bill, em-
bracing all those, officers in the various sections
of the country. My own judgment is, that we
had better not fix the action of the committee or
he House to a particular compensation to a par-
ticular district attorney, which shall form a sort
of rule of action hereafter for the Judiciary Com-
mittee. The question.had better be left open.
Mr. LILLY. On the explanation of the gentle-
man from New York, and relying on the liberal-
ity of the committee in this case, I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I move to amend the bill
by increasing the salary of the Governor of the
Territory of Utah from $2,500 to $3,000, so that
it may be the same as that of the Governors of
New Mexico and Oregon.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Chairman, I trust that
the amendment just offered will meet with the
favor of this committee. We are now getting
nearly at the rate of $3,000 per year, and I find it
fully as much as I can do to support one wife on
that apportionment. I understand this gentleman
has some three or four, and I think that the least
he can have is $3,000. [Great laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move, by
way of amendment, that the salary of the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota be increased to $3,000 per
year.
Mr. RICE. An amendment has just passed
the Senate regulating the salary of each of the
Governors of Minnesota and Washington, if the
superintendence of the Indians be taken from their
duties, at $2,500 per year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. At the suggestion of the
Delegate from Minnesota, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question recurred on Mr. Bf.rnhisei.'s
amendment.
Mr. HENN. Does the amendment propose to
increase the salary of the Governor, as Governor,
to $3,000 ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the Del-
egate from Utah if there is not already a provision
in a bill before the Senate to increase the salary
of the Governor of that Territory?
Mr. BERNHISEL. It only makes it $2,500.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
