1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
pay these Governors receive as Indian agents or
superintendents of Indian affairs. I understand
they ieceive$l,500 salary as Governors, $1,000as
Indian superintendents, and, in addition to that,
extra compensation for other services. 1 notice
that there was a proposition made in the Senate
the other day to pay eight dollars a day to Gov-
ernor Gorman for investigating: Governor Ram-
say's misconduct. [Laughter.]
A Member. Did that pass ?
Mr. LETCHER.. No; it was voted down. It
seems to me that there should be some reason
given to show the propriety of this increase of
salary.
Mr. BERNHISEL. Living is very expensive
out there.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, I know it is very ex-
pensive living now all over the country, and I am
exceedingly sorry that prices rose just as the
Democrats came into power. [Laughter.] That
is what disturbs me. I have long heard that Dem-
ocratic services were worth a great deal more than
Whig services, but I apprehend that when we go
before the country, we shall find some Democrats
even who will be disposed to raise the question,
and think they are not exacly worth just as much
as we are hkeiy to pay for them.
Mr. CAMPBELL here interposed a remark,
which was not audible to the reporter.
Mr. LETCHER. Experience proves it. It
has become a fixed fact, and the country so deci-
ded at the last election, when the Whig candidate
received the votes of only four States out of thirty-
one.
Mr. CAMPBELL. How would it be now ?
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I think it very prob-
able the Whigs would not be much better off with
the same candidate, under the same auspices.
But really, sir, all jesting aside, it does seem to
me that we are going on in a very unmethodical
manner about this matter. Here are amendments
proposed one after another, that nobody ever heard
of before; no time is given for reflection; not a
single argument or reason is given in support of
them; and, under these circumstances, the com-
mittee votes on them one after another, and we
go on increasing the saku ies throughout the Ter-
ritories. I think that before we undertake to do
this, we ought to have some evidence that this
increase is necessary—some recommendation to
guide us in our action from the proper officer, at
the other end of the avenue, who has charge of
these matters. As it is now, gentlemen get up
here and oiler their amendments without present-
ing one solitary fact to show that the increase
proposed is at all necessary, and the House votes
them all into the bill. Such legislation ought to
cease.
Mr. JiEfiNfHSEL. I will merely state, as a
reason why this amendment should be adopted,
that the Governors of New Mexico and Oregon
receive $.3,000 per annum. I may state, further,
that California prices of living prevail in that region
of country. Coffee and sugar are forty cents a
pound, and the other necessaries of life are dear
in proportion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bernhi-
sel's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I propose to add at
the end of the bill, the following:
And that the samp amount be paid to those who have
be tetofore.served as Governors, or secretaries of s>aid Tem-
tories.
The CETAIRMAN. This bill does not relate
to Governors, and therefore the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio would not be pertinent.
Mr. TAYLOR, I will substitute, then, the
word " judges" in the place of l( Governors."
I am not an advocate for very large salaries in
this country. I see no particular reason why we
should pay the chief justice and associate judges,
and secretaries of these Territories named in this
bill, more now than we did some three or four
years ago. I think that justice requires we should
pay to the gentlemen who then held office m this
Territory at a time when the expenses of living
were much higher than now, at least as much as
is now asked for the present incumbents.
i do not aeree with the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] in the statement he made m his
very partisan like speech, that Democratic service
is worth more than Whig service, as I have seen
it exemplified, On the contrary, the disposition
seems to be to raise the salaries of all the officeis
of the country; and I wish, for one, to place the
Whigs, who served in this Territory at a time
when it cost far more to perform the duties of
their offices there, upon the same footing with
those of a later date. I see no propriety of paying
officers $3,000 a year, when we formerly paid them
a much less sum; nor do I see the propriety of
paying a salary of $2,000 to officers to whom we
formerly paid but $1,500. But yet I am disposed
to be much more liberal in this matter than some
gentlemen who have spoken upon this subject. 1
believe these salaries are not too high; but I think
it is no more than justice that gentlemen who have
heretofore filled the same offices should be paid
the same salaties. I appeal to the gentleman from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] who is a liberal man, and
commands the esteem of this House as a man of
unquestionable veracity and integrity, to say if
the sum of $1,500 will go further m the Territory
of Oregon than $500 paid in the States?
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. As I am called upon
so directly to answer the gentleman from Ohio, I
feel compelled to make a few remarks, although I
regret the necessity of doing so. 1 introduced this
bill in good faith, in the hope and expectation that
it would pass without any interference from any
quarter. The judges in the Territory of Oregon
have heretofore been allowed $2,000 per annum
for their services. That salary is too small to se-
cure the services of such men as ought to fill so
important and responsible a position. They can-
not live upon it, as they have declared in a petition
which they have sent to Congress, in which they
say that, unless their salaries shall be increased,
they will be compelled to retire from the bench,
and resume the practice of law. W e have now a
diately after that, Whig service was worth a good
deal more than Democratic service. For, about
the time when I was dismissed from the service,
Congress separated the duties of superintendent
of Indian affairs from those of Governor, and left
the salary of Governor at $3,000—which it ought
to be; it is not any too much—and provided for
the appointment of a superintendent of Indian
affairs, at a salary of $2,500.
Now, if we go back and provide for the extra
payment of a Whig secretary, I do not see why
we should not also go back and give th&.Governor
$3,000 salary for discharging the duties of that
office, and $2,500 for the superintendency of In-
dian affairs. Now, this House may try to impose
that on me, [laughter;] but I care so little for
money, that 1 would not accept of it. I do not
want any such thing. But I believe that the sec-
retary who heretofore served in Oregon Territory
ought to have some kind of relief. I believe the
best way would be to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to settle his accounts on liberal
terms, and to make such allowance to him as
ought to be made for services not provided for by
law.
I am unwilling to see this bill loaded down with
amendments. It is of too much importance to be
killed in this way; and unless we increase the
salaries of the judges, we cannot secure the ser-
vices of men who are competent to discharge the
duties. We only ask it for a few months. They
have heretofore served for less than they can live
upon; and in a year and a half from this time we
mean to be placed upon an equal footing with the
States, by being one of them; and then we will
pay our own judges, and relieve the General Gov-
ernment from legislating for Oregon Territory.
good bench, and I am satisfied that the sum of;; She will then look to her own interests.
$3,000 is a small consideration for their services.
But to come to the point made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor.] 1 am sorry that any
gentleman has attempted to create any prejudice
against this bill; for, as reported by the Judiciary
Committee, I think the bill ought to pass. It is just
and proper that it should pass. The gentleman (
from Ohio asks me, as I understand him, whether !
the salary of $1,500, received by the secretary of j
the Territory of Oregon, would be more than $500
in the States. I can say most truthfully that
this salary is not sufficient. The law organizing
the Territory of Oregon passed Congress in the .
year 1848, before gold was discovered in Califor- '
nia; at a time when the means of living were very
cheap in thatcountry. No portion of the country
afforded subsistence cheaper than the Territory of
Oregon at that time. There was no money m
that country, and $1,500 would have been mure
there than $2,500 here. Wheat commanded a
price of fifty cents a bushel, and was made a law-
ful tender at that price, by agreement among the
people, as they had no currency.
Soon after the passage of the law organizing
the Territory of Oregon, and fixing the salaries of
its officers, gold was discovered in California, and
a large portion of the cultivators of the soil were
attracted to the gold mines. Gold became plenty,
and the products of the soil became scarce,
so that $1,500 would hardly support a man of
family in Oregon. But it is too late now to talk
about the propriety of going back; and I say to
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] that I ques-
tion the propriety of adopting provisions in this
bill designed to have a ret^Bspective effect.
I am afraid, Mr. Chairman, that if this rule
should be adopted, your humble servant will have
to come in for his share. I went out to the Terri-
tory of Oregon at a salary of $3,000 a year, and
with the double duty of Governor and superinten-
dent of Indian affairs on rnv hands. I served in that
capacity for eighteen months, and my accounts
are now settled and filed in the Department. In
the management of The Indian service, you will .
find that during the whole time I charged not one ,
cent for traveling expenses; nor did I receive ;
one cent over my salary. And I flatter myself |'
that I performed the duties both of Governor and i
superintendent of Indian affairs pretty well. At ;
any rate, we placed the Indian relations on a |
pietty good footing. We anested the Wilatpu
I can only say to the gentleman from Ohio, that
the late Secretary of that Territory should have
relief in some way; but I want to leave it to the
committee to say m what way it shall be done.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would say to the
gentleman from Oregon that I have no desire to
embarrass this bill, for I shall vote for it with
pleasure. But I think that the committee,as well as
myself, may well thank the gentleman from Oregon
for the information which he has given to us in
relation to this matter.
But my particular object in speaking was to
say a few words in reference to the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] that
while he was unwilling to raise the salaries of his
Democratic friends, yet maintains that the services
of Democrats are worth morethan thoseof Whigs.
I cannot agree to that. Officers of the Federal
Government, whether they be Democratic Feder-
alists, or Whig Democrats, in my opinion, should
stand upon the same platform as to pay. 1 claim
myself to be a Democratic Whig, and a good
many Democrats in office do not deserveany more
than the Whigs of the country. If there is any
objection to this bill, it is upon that very ground.
I do not object to this bill, but I only desire to
manifest a wish to do justice to those who have
preceded the present incumbents, and the gentle-
man from Oregon is one of them. I have been
given to understand that $1,500, paid to the sec-
retary of Oregon, is not more than $500 would
be here. A vast amount of duty is imposed upon
that officer. If I am correctly informed, he is a
disbursing agent, and is required to give a bond
in the penal sum of $60,000. He discharges the
various duties imposed upon him by the Territo-
rial Legislature; and, in my judgment, $1,500 is
a small compensation.
I shall vote for this bill; and if I could do so,
in connection with this bill, I would lelieve the
gentleman from Ohio, who has been referred to
as a former officer in that Territory, who, in con-
sequence of the small compensation paid to him,
is somewhat embarrassed, though his integrity is
not doubted. He was paid only $1,500 as secre-
tary of tiiatTerritory, and it was not enough. The
Delegate from Oregon [Mr. Lane] has assured
me that it was not enough; and he further assured
me that, at the proper time, he would endeavor
to relieve him, by making an effort to have him
compensated for the duties performed by him,
murderers, made treaties of peace, and did all at J| and for which he has not received a proper com
a very little expense. I pensation
But, let me remark here, Mr. Chairman, par-
ticularly to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] whose attention I desire, that, imme-
I will not embarrass the bill by my amendment,
| and I will withdiaw it.
i Mr. KERR. I am a serious friend of this bill,
