1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1030
and am very unwilling to see it incumbered with
amendments which will endanger its final passage.
But there is one important amendment which I
desire to see made to this bill, and I will send it
to the Clerk's desk to be read. I offer it as an
independent section to the bill.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
he it further enacted, That each of the judges of (lie
Territories ofOiegon, Washington, Utah, and NevvMexico,
shall be supplied with a complete setol the Decisions ot the
Supreme Court of the United States, of the United States
Statutes at Large, and of Alden's Index to the Decisions ot
the Supreme Court of the United States..
Mr. LETCHER. They are already supplied.
Mr. KERR. .Now, sir, I believe that it has
been the uniform practice of the Government to
supply the judicial tribunals of the country with
libraries for the purpose. I have been informed
that the territorial tribunals were not furnished.
The gentleman from Virginia, however, who is
welt informed in reference to all matters of this
description, says they are supplied. But, sir, I
have been informed by one of the territorial
judges that they are not supplied.
I understand now that when theTerritories were
first organized, it was the practice of the Govern-
ment to furnish them with reports of the decisions
of the Sunreme Court, and of the Statutes at Large,
butt at that act has expired by its own limitation
— i.at there has been no renewal of it for some
years, during which time these judges have not
been supplied. I am furthermore informed, that
it is of very great importance that these judges
should be supplied with these books. They re-
side in a region ot country where it is impossible
to procure a suitable library to enable them to dis-
charge their duties properly, unless they are fur-
nished by the Government. I think, upon a little
consideration, the committee will see that there
can be no reasonable objection to my amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 have no ob-
jection to the gentleman's amendment, provided
he will so modify it as that these books shall not
become the private property of the judges.
Mr. KERR. I have no objection to that mod-
ification, and will accept it.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know how the
fact may be about the territorial judges being
supplied with those books. I know the district
judges in the States are furnished with those re-
ports annually, and that the UnitedStates Statutes
at Large are also furnished to them, but they are
retained by them as their own private property.
Mr. STEPHENS. But the gentleman from
North Carolina accepts an amendment to the
effect, that these shall not become private property.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; i understand that
I am speaking of what has been done. If it be
true, as the gentleman from .North Carolina re-
marked, that these books were once furnished to
the judges of the Territoues, under the law, i do
not think the act expired by its own limitation.
If they were ever furnished, 1 have no doubt they
are furnished now. If, however, they are not
furnished now, I see no reasonable objection to
affording the same facilities to the judges in the
Territories that are furnished to those in the
States. What I object to is, that we are called
upon to act upon these matters in the absence of
all reliable information in relation to them.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The Delegate from Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] says that they were originally
furnished to the judges of that Territory, but that
when the judges were removed, they took them
away as their own private property.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
fWant to say a word in regard to this bill.
Mr. RICE. I ask thegentleman from Virginia
to give way a moment to enable me to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina, who proposed
this amendment, a question, t desire to ask,
whether a provision for the Territory of Minne-
sota was included in his amendment?
Mr. KERR. It did not include Minnesota.
Mr. RICE. 1 move then to amend the amend-
ment by including a like provision for Minnesota.
Mr. KERR. The Territory of Minnesota was
unintentionally left out of my amendment, and I
will cheerfully accept the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I believe they are
all m now, and I suppose we have everything be-
fore us in the way of expenditure that is to go into
the bill.
Mr. PIENN. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to allow me to make a single suggestion. I
desire to suggest to the gentleman who moved this
amendment, that he modify it so as to provide that
when the judge goes out of office the books shall
go into the temtorial library.
Mr. KERR. No, sir; I prefer that they should
go into the judicial libiary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will remark, if
the gentleman from Virginia will allow me, that
there have been appropriations made for libraries
in all these Territories, and that this is a new
item entirely, to undertake to furnish libraries for
the judges of the Territories.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know how that
may be, but there is a manifest difference of opin-
ion as to the true state of the case, and goes far to
demonstrate what I have said, that we are going
on with this matter in a sort of helter-skelter style,
by no means commendable in legislation.
Mr. DUNHAM. If thegentleman will allow
me: the gentleman from Tennessee is undoubtedly
right. If you examine our legislation for the last
three or four years, you will find liberal appropria-
tions have been made for libraries in every one of
these Territories.
Mr. LETCHER. It only shows then what I
insisted upon when I was up before—the necessity
of leaving it to the proper Department, which has
charge of these expenditures to furnish its own
recommendations of what is necessary for these
Territories.
Sir, I imagine, if you will go back and take the
cost of Indiana Territory for its legislative, judi-
cial, executive, and other purposes, you will find
that it was not the one tenth part of what the cost
of one of our Territories is now. I doubt whether*
indeed, it is the one twentieth of the cost of one
of the Territories at this time. This increase of
all these aulaiies makes the cost,greater even than
under the late Whig Administration ! [Laughter]
The costof keeping up all these territorial govern-
mentshasbeen largely increased. For the last few
years profligacy and extravagance in the distribu-
tion of public money, has been the prevailing evil of
the times. You find it in the local legislatures. You
find it here in this legislature. You cannot go
anywhere where public money is distributed by
legislative vote, or in any other way, that you do
riot find every species of application for appropria-
tions for the benefit of particular individuals, or
particular classes of individuals.
Now, here we see that everything is running up
in price, as they tell us. Grain is a great deal
higher; bacon is a great deal higher; and every-
thing that a man eats or wears is increasing in
price every twenty-four hours. [Laughter.] And
at the rate it is going on, it is utterly impossible to
tell what will be the cost by the close of the pres-
ent session of Congress. {Renewed laughter.]
I do not apprehend that this is by any manner
of means the last effort we shall have to increase
salaries. I think that we shall have a number
more; and I am not, therefore, at all surprised to
see thegentleman from Ohio [Mr.Taylor] intro-
ducing a proposition to go back and include all
who have held office, without limitation as to time.
But the gentleman says that he does it by way of
justice to his Whig friends. He says my propo- j
sition that Democrats were worth more than
Whigs is not right. Does not the gentleman show
that my argument is right, when he admits that
his Whig secretary in Oregon was a defaulter?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. No, I did not. His
account remains unsettled.
Mr. LETCHER. I tell you thatwhen the ac-
counts remain unsettled, there is something want-
ing to foot up the balance. That is pretty gener-
ally the case, I think. [Great laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman enlarges the
idea I meant to convey. I did not mean to enlarge
the salaiiesof every man who had gone before,
i say that if you put up the salaries of gentlemen
now doing service in the Territory, you ought to
do full justice, and pay those who have acted in
these sameTerritories for four or five years back,
the same sum.
Mr. LETCHER. I do aot want to put them
up. So the gentleman's-argumentis lostasto me.
I was against even this clerks' bill, which had
much of the principle contained in the amendment
of my friend from Ohio. That went back. It
was retrospective in its operation, and increased
salaries for a year back, almost. I was against
that. I am against all these retrospective acts;
and I am against all appropriations of money
here unless the Administration shoulder the re-
sponsibility, and tell us that it is needed for a
proper purpose. It is their business to make these
recommendations. It is their business to furnish
the estimates, and then for us to decide whether
they are right or wrong. Let them take their
proper responsibility, and send their estimates
here. If an increase of salaries is demanded, or
if an increase of expenditures is demanded, why
then let them show it. If they do, I am prepared to
vote for it. I am not prepared to do it otherwise.
I am not prepared to have it said that the officers
of this Government did not ask an increase which
the two Houses of Congress forced on them.
Mr. KERR. I desire simply to remark, in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dun-
ham,] that whatever appropriations may hereto-
fore have been made by Congress, with a view to
establish libraries in the Territories, J believe it is
not pretended by anybody that any professional
or law libraries have been established in the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. DUNHAM. Tt is very true that they
have not been established expressly as law libra-
ries, but I understand that there are libraries ex-
pressly for the use of the officers of the Territory.
Mr. KERR. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DUNHAM. And 1 suppose that these
very reports and statutes at large have been em-
braced in the purchases for those libraries. If
they have not been, they undoubtedly should have
been.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will tell him what I ktjiow about the
custom of theGovernment in relation to the statutes
at large. The judges of Oregon Territory have
been furnished by the Government of the United
Stateswith sets of the statutes at large. They were
sent to me, and I distributed them equally among
the judges of the Teriitory. Now, if that is not
the custom of the Government, we in Oregon got
so much more than we were entitled to. But I in-
cline to think that the judges of all theTerritories
have been furnished with the statutes at large.
Mr. CAMPBELL. W e can amend the amend-
ment by adding a proviso that these books shall
only be furnished to those Territories which have
not already received them.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Oregon whether the reports and
statutes are not included in the purchase, and do
not also form a part of the territorial library ?
Mr. LANE. They are in the territorial library
of Oregon. Whether they have been procured
for the other Territories I cannot say.
Mr. DUNHAM. Undoubtedly they have.
The gentleman from North Carolina will find that
I am entirely right. The gentleman from Oregon
says that these books have been furnished for
Oregon Territory. Now, liberal appropriations
have been made for the purchase of libraries for
all the other Territories also; and if these other
Territories have not expended the money with
equal providence and care, the fault is their own.
Mr. KERR. I will modify my amendment in
the way suggested by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] by inserting the words " to
which they have not heretofore been furnished."
Now, let me say a word or two only. I am a
little surprised at the objection which is urged to
this bill by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.] Of all men upon this floor, he is the
very last that I should have suspected of waiting
for Executive dictation in the discharge of his
duty as a Representative of the people. Now, I
hold that here we are at liberty ourselves to in-
quire what is necessary to be done, and, being
satisfied of what the public interest demands, we
ought to do it, whether the Administration in
power will take the responsibility of advising it
or not. I care not who is in power; whether the
party to which I belong, or the party to which I
am opposed 
Mr. WADE,(interrupting.) I wish to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina how this amend-
ment affects the question of congressional non-
intervention and popular sovereignty in the Terri-
tories? [A laugh.]
Mr. KERR. About as much as the gentle--
man's question affects this bill. It has nothing in
the world to do with it. [Laughter.] I was about
to observe that it matters not to me who is in
favor. I care not whether it be a Whig or Dem-
