1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
The yeas and nays were ordered on the passage
of the bill.
Mr." SOLLERS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order, as no business has intervened since
a similar motion was rfrade and voted down. Ac-
cording to the decision of the regular occupant of
the chair, there must be business changing the
character of the bill before the motion to lay the
bill upon the table can be renewed. '
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order, because the previous question is oper-
ating.
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill, and there were—yeas 72, nays 68; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Thomas
H. Bayly, Belcher, Bell, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Bocock,
Bovce, Bugg, Caskie, Chandler, Chris-man, Clingman,
Cobb, Oorwm, Crocker, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell,Thomas
D Eliot, Ellison, Failcy, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin,
Fuller, Goodrich, Harrison, Hibhaid, Houston, Howe,
Huskies Hunt, Roland Jones, Kidwell. Kitfredge, IVfacdon-
aid,~McNair, Maxwell, Millson, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Bishop Perkins, Phillips, Puryear, Iliddle, David Ritchie,
Ruhbiris, Rcwe, Seward, Shower, Simmons, Skelton,
William Smith, William It. Smith, George W. Smyth, Soi-
led, Frederick P. Stanton, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Vail, Vansant,
Walbridge, Walley,Tappan Wentworth, and Wheeler—7Q.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Carpenter, Caruthers, Cham-
berlain, Clark, Cook, Cox, Dawson, Disney, Eastman,
Eddj, Ewing, Fenton, Flagler, Guiding, Green wood,Grey,
Grow, Aaron Marian, IlPuduck-s, Honn, Hill, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. J one*, Knox, Lamb, Letcher,
Lilly, Lmd*ley, McCulloch, McMullin, McQueen, Maey,
Maiteson, Smith Miller, Morgan, Monition, Murray, Noble,
Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Or , Packer, Parker, Pennington,
Phelps, Powell, PringJe, Ruftfn, Sabni, Sapp, Shannon,
Shaw, Singleton, Germ Smith, Richard II. Stanton, Hew-
tor L Stevens Stratton, Andieiv Stuart, David Stuarf,
%Vade, WaM), Ellihu B. W.ishburne, Wells, Daniel B.
Wright, Hendrtck B. Wright, and Yates—68.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon the latter
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LILLY. 1 move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon (at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till to-
morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 25, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Smcer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and of the Attorney General, to whom was re-
ferred by a resolution of the Senate of the 3d Au-
gust, 1840, the memorial of Kingsley B.Gibbs,
executor of Zephaniah Kingsley, praying to be
allowed interest on his claims arising under the
ninth article of the treaty of 1819, between the
United States and Spain, communicating their
opinions on said claim, and the liabilities of the
Government under the ninth aiticle of the treaty
aforesaid; which was read.
Mr. MALLORY. That is a communication
of very great importance to a large portion of my
constituents upon questions arising under the
Florida treaty. I therefore move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill from the House of
•Representatives for the relief of Joseph Gerard,
reported it buck without amendment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the lelief of the administrators of
Oliver Lee, deceased, reported it back without
Amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Coi"w ttee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of lieu-
tenants in the United States revenue marine ser-
vice who were attached to the United States naval
squadron in the West Indies during the Florida
war in 1836, 1837, 1838, and 1839, praying to be
allowed the same compensation as officers of like
grade in .the Navy, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill increasing1 the pay of certain offi-
cers of revenue cutteis while serving in the Navy
of the United States; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
HON. JARED W. WILLIAMS.
Mr. MALLORY (in the absence of Mr. Nor-
ms) submitted the following resolution; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary:
Whereas, the Hon. Jared \V. Williams was appointed
by his Excellency the Governor of New Hampshire, in the
recess of the Legislature of lhat Slate, to fill a vacancy in
the Senate of the United States, winch had happened by
the death of the Hon. Chailes G. Alherlon, a Senator,
whose teim of service would have continued uli the 4th of
March, 1859 ; and whereas, it is understood that, since that
tenipoiary appointment was made, the Legislature of New
Hampshire has been convened at their regular session, and
ha  adjourned to the last We dnesday of May next, without
filling j-uch vacancy ; and that said State still claims a right
of representation under said appointment, which the ap-
pointee is riot at liberty to surrender by his act without the
action ol the Senate ; at his reque&t, therefor-—
Resolved, That the subject be refeired to the Committee
on the J udiciary, to inquire into the facts connected with
it, and to make pitch repot t as itiey deem proper to enable
the Senate to determine whether the right of representation
under said appointment has expired.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the follow-
ing bills from the Senate, with amendments, in
which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A hill for the relief of William Senna Factor;
A bill tor the relief of the executors of the late
brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the United
States Army; and
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joaeph Watson, deceased.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and reso-
lution:
An act to confirm the claim of Dttsuan de la
Croix to a tract of land therein described;
An act for the relief of Charles Cooper & Co.;
An act for the relief of James Dunning;
An act for the relief of Joseph Mitchell;
An act authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish
certain lands, and to enter the same quantity else-
where;
An act for the relief of the legal representative
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased;
An act for the relief of John Phagan;
An a'ct for the relief of Ezra Williams; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico to adjust and pay. to
Juan O. Arnujo, Jose L. Perea, and James L.
Collins, the amount by them loaned to theLegis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
under authority of a joint resolution of that body,
approved June 17, 1851;
Which were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate, to the bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending the 30th of ^une, 1855, and for other
purposes; and that they had agreed to other
Amendments of the Senate to said bill with amend-
ments, in which they requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments to the above-named bill, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their amendments to
the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
dis-agree to the amendments of the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill, and ask a confetence
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore;
and
Mr. Pearce, Mr. Sebastian, and Mr. Adams
were appointed.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announced that they insisted on their
disagreement to the amendments of the Stnate,
and on their amendments to the amendment of the
Senate; that they agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and that they had appointed Mr. G. S.
Houston, Mr. S. G. Haven, and Mr. G. A.
Grow, as managers of the same on their part.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. EVANS. I have had for a long time a
desire to get before the Senate a bill which was
reported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and which was under consideration a long
time ago, the fate of which, I think, is very im-
portant to be decided at once, as there are hun-
dreds of people living at least in hope upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from South
Carolina to allow me to report a bill before his
motion is put.
Mr. EVANS. I withdraw it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred House
bill " creating a collection district in New York, to
be called the district of Dunkirk, and constituting
Du-nkirtaa port of entry, and the ports of Barce-
lona, Silver Creek, and Cattaraugus Creek ports
of delivery," to report it back withoutamendment,
and recommend its passage. I also ask that it
may receive action at this time. It is in the usual
form of all such bills.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
11 proposes to create the counties of Cattaraugus
and Chautauque, in the State of New York, and
the harbors and waters on the southern shore of
Lake Erie, west of and including Cattaraugus
Creek to the Pennsylvanialme,and the islands con-
tiguous thereto, heretofore embraced in the district
of Buffalo, a new collection district to be called
the district of Dunkirk. There is to be a col-
lector appointed for Dunkirk, and deputy collect-
ors for Barcelona, Silver Creek, and Cattaraugus
Creek.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. STUART. Will the honorable Senator
from South Carolina withdraw his motion for a
moment, to enable me to make a report?
Mr. EVANS. I withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Commerce
has instructed me to report back the bill of the
House " making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the authority
of law," with certain amendments. 1 am in-
structed by the committee to give notice that I
shall ask the Senate to take up and consider that
bill so soon as the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill shall be disposed of.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to take up the
resolution which I presented a few days ago, for
I printing the votes and proceedings on the Ne~
j braska bill.
Mr. EVANS. I have given place already to
! several gentlemen, and I must now insist upon
my motion.
"The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina gave way to receive reports, and other
special matters. The question will now betaken
on his motion.
Mr. CHASE. I was not aware that anybody
was upon the floor. But, Mr. President, I must
object to this mode of proceeding. A Senator
takes the floor 
The PRESIDENT, The Chair will observe
that it is not in order; but if a Senator surrenders
the floor, the next person that addresses the Chair
is entitled to it.
Mr. CHASE. I yield thefloorwith great cheer-
fulness to the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to present a report?
Mr. CHASE. I should prefer to have this res-
