330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. g,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
previous question was ordered upon the bill, and
there was a motion pending to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to adopt the amend-
ment of the committee. It has not been, in any
form, taken from before the House.
Mr. DEAN. I ask that the amendment which
was rejected by the House may be read, in order
that the House may understand it.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 ask that both the bill and
report may be read. The report is short.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be re-
ported to the House.
The amendment was to strike out the words as
follows:
—together with interest thereon from said 8th day of Feb-
ruary, 1836."
The SPEAKER. That amendment was re-
jected by the House, and the pending motion is
to reconsider the vote by which the House rejected
it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the mouon to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. DEAN. Upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a motion :
to lay upon the table a motion to reconsider, i
which is connected with the bill, and is not a final
vote upon it. May it not carry the bill with it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 ask that the bill and report
may be read, for the information of the House.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to the bill
and report will be read for information.
No objection being made, they were read by
the Clerk.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the Chair be good enough
to state the precise motion before the House?
The SPEAKER again recapitulated the history
of the action of the House in reference to the bill
under consideration, as above reported.
Mr. DISNEY. Has the previous question been
called upon the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
resting upon the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I only desire to say that there
is a precedent precisely in point in this case. It
involves the principle of the Galphin case.
The question now being upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table, it was put,
and decided m the negative.
So the House refused to lay the motion upon
the table.
The question then recurring upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to concur in the amendment of the Committee of
the Whole, it was put, and decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question next recurred upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Committee of the Whole
House, striking out the provision in the bill, al-
lowing interest upon the claim.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the amendment debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been ordered.
The question was put, and the House agreed to
concur in the amendment—ayes 80, noes not
counted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and being engrossed, was subse-
quently read the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would remind
the gentleman from Ohio that the bills passed
through committee, and reported to the House last
Friday, have not yet been disposed of, and this
is again " objection day." There have, I believe,
been no new bills put upon the Private Calendar
since last Friday, and I therefore suggest to him
whether it would not be better to dispose of the
bills reported last week?
Mr. EDGERTON. In answer to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, I will say that there are now
upon the Private Calendar some five or six cases
that were not upon it last Friday.
Mr. JONES. There may be a few.
Mr. EDGERTON. They can undoubtedly be
disposed of without objection.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman can pursue his
own course about the bills; but I think the House
ought first to dispose of the bills reported kst
week. .
The SPEAKER. There is a number of private
bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. EDGERTON. As the House well knows,
this is " objection day," and the last there will be
for four weeks. There are a few cases on the
Calendar to which there can be no objection, and
which may soon be disposed of in committee.
They will then take their places on the Speaker's
table, along with the bills reported last week.
Mr. JONES. Yes; but you will putthosebills
in advance of the bills reported last week, and if
they cannot all be disposed of to-day, you will ;
throw over the bills repoi ted last week until another ,
piivate bill day.
The question was then taken on Mr. Edger- ,
ton's motion,and it was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, (Mr. Hibbard
in the chair.) !
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business |
in order was Senate bill (No. 2) "to indemnify 1
the State of Indiana for the failure of title to a
township of land granted to said State on her ad- i
mission into the Union in 1816." |
Mr. IIAVEN. I desire to submit to the com- j
mittee that it would be substantially useless to ;
call over the bills to which objection has been
made heretofore. I therefore move to postpone'
the consideration of those bills, and take up the
Calendar where we left off last Friday.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will state to the gentle-
man from New York, that we passed entirely
through the Calendar on Friday last; but probably
some gentlemen who made objection to bills last
week may, from examinations since made, be will-
ing now to withdraw their objections.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No doubt of it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I therefore think that it
would be better to commence at the beginning of
the Calendar, and go through with it.
Mr. HAVEN. I certainly desire to defer to
the chairman of the Committee of Claims, who
has these matters mainly in charge. I will adopt
; any suggestion he desires to make on the subject,
j and withdraw my motion.
I Mr. HENN. It may be that those who ob-
! jected the last private bill day are not now pres-
| ent.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
i that the gentleman from New York has withdrawn
his motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I give notice that
I shall object to all the bills that were objected to
last Friday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee that several bills were
objected to last Friday because the reports ac-
companying them had riot been printed; and that
if those reports be now printed the objection
falls.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that objection must be made to the bills separately,
as they come up.
Mr. JONES. I beg the Chair to enter me as
objecting, then, to each one as it comes up.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman object
to the bill before the committee?
Mr. JONES. I do.
The following bills were then taken up, and ob-
jected to, as indicated below:
No. 51. "A bill for the relief of the widow and
heirs of Elijah Beebe." [Objected to by Mr.
Letciier.]
No. 58. "A bill for settling the claims of the
legal representatives of Richard W. Meade, de-
ceased." [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
No. 59. "A bill for the relief of Samuel Colt."
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
No. G3. "A bill for the relief of Charles Lee
Jones." [Objected to by Mr. Perkins, of New
York.]
The report of the committee, accompanying the
latter bill, was read through.
[Mr. Orr having, in the absence of the Speaker,
temporarily taken the chair, a message was re-
ceived from the Senate, by the hands of Mr.
Machen, its Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill of the House,
entitled "An act to satisfy claims for bountv
lands;" and also a bill entitled "An act to provide
for the accommodation of the United States courts
in Massachusetts."
[A message was also received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Sidjtly
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had signed certain bills.]
The following bills coming up in order for con-
sideration, were objected to as indicated below,
and were laid over, under the rules:
No. 98. "A bill for the relief of Henry Lewis,
of Clinton county, Indiana." [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
N§. 99. "A bill for the relief of Captain George
Simpton, of Galveston." [Objected to by Mr.
I Josfes, of New York.]
j No. 103. " A bill for the relief of Ferdinand
i Clark." [Objected to by Mr. Davis, of Indiana.]
I No. 104. " A bill for the relief of Adolphus
! Meier & Co., of St. Louis." [Objected to by Mr.
i Da\is, of Indiana.]
No. 105. "A bill for the relief of Wilson &
Brothers, of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri."
[Objected to by Mr. Davis, of Indiana.]
The next bill coming up in order for considera-
tion was—
No. 107. " A bill for the relief of Robert Giig-
n on."
The bill—which was read by the Clerk—pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury be di-
rected to pay to the legal representatives of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians, or their assignees,
the sum of $19,000, in full satisfaction of their
claims against the United States, arising out of
the treaty with the Menomonee tribe of Indians
on the 3d of September, 1836.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to object to*
this bill, but I suggest that the words " or their
assignees" be stricken out. If it is not, we may
be involved in a great deal of trouble. We do
not know who are their assignees.
Mr. ORR. The amendment made by the com-
mittee when last in session, which was to strike
out. the words " Robert Grignon," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words 44 the legal representa-
tives of the Menomonee tribe of Indians, or their
assignees," was suggested by my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the words " or their
assignees" had better be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the words mentioned by the gentleman from
Alabama were included in an amendment adopted
the other day. If so, it is not in older to move
to strike them out.
Mr. SKELTON. Is there a report accompany-
ing the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. There is.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to have it read.
The Clerk then read the report.
Mr. Y/ALSH objected to the bill; and it was
laid over, under the rule.
House bill (No. 108) " for the relief of George
G. Bishop, and the legal representatives of John
Arnold, deceased," next came up in order.
Objection being made by Mr. Cling.man, it was
laid over.
House bill (No. 123) " for the relief of Charles
Staples" next came up in order for consideration.
The bill and report were then read by the Clerk.
It appears, in this case, that the petitioner en-
listed as a sergeant, on the 10th of December,
i 1812, into the company commanded by Captain
I Oliver Hessick, belonging to the regiment of Colo-
| nel McCobb, in the service of the United States,
in the last war with Great Britain.
It appears from the testimony of the witnesses
in the case, that from severe exposure he became
sick, and unable to perform duty; from which
sickness, after several months' confinement, he
partially recovered; that the disease, however, left
him an invalid.
It is further in proof that the petitioner was
honorably discharged, and that he, together with
other witnesses in the case, are of good reputation.
The committee therefore recommend that his
name be placed on the pension rolls of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 1st day of January, 1853, and to
continue during his natural life.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
