1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
ocratic Administration, or whether they are for or
against a measure. I will cheerfully give it my
support, if I am satisfied that it desei ves it, no
matter what the powers that be may do or say,
and I am sure that my friend from Virginia would
do the same If there is any man upon this floor
to whom I look for an independent lead, he is the
man; and I would as soon have suspected any other
man here to inquire what the Executive wished to
be done before he acts here, as the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] I think he did
not do himself justice in that respect, but will do
so if an opportunity is afforded him.
Mr. LETCHER. I certainly am much obliged
to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr]
for the compliment he has paid me. In regard to
waiting for recommendations from the Executive
Departments before acting upon bills here, I think
I can say that I am no more likely to be influenced
by them than any other man upon this floor. It
strikes me, however, in this case, that we ought
to know what is expected to be done, and that it
would be advisable to wait until we get some sug-
gestions informing us what we really need.
Mr. KERR, i was about to observe, when I
was mteirupted, if I had to inquire for infoima-
tion at all with regard to my duty, I would inquire
of my equals, and not of any masters.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
rise, so that we can ascertain from the President,
or some other Executive officer, whether they have
got a library in the Territory or not.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think that the section, even
as amended by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Kerr,] is certainly not a judicious one,
as 1 think I can satisfy the committee in a very
few minutes. We have, as I stated befoie, made
most liberal provisions for libraries in theTerrito-
ries. Theae governments are m themselves evan-
escent; they cannot remain long. In a short
time the territorial governments must be changed
for State governments. Why, then, should we
go beyond what we have done heretofore in pro-
viding libraries for officers of Territories, who will
not long, at furthest, continue to need them? Why
should we provide libraries for officers holding
their offices at the will of the Executive, and may
not, and probably will not, be continued in office
over four years, especially if there should be a
change in the politics of the Executive of the Gen-
eral Government; and if not before changed, must
soon pass away when the territorial organizations
give place to State governments.
Mr. PHILLIPS. But they will have succes-
sors.
Mr. DUNHAM. Who will be their succes-
sors, when the offices cease with the territorial
Government for which they were created? Your
government ceases, the office ceases, and, I take
it, the succession ceases also. There will be no
sucoessoi; there can be none.
Mr. KERR made some remark in reference to
libraries for the judges of the district courts of the
United States, who would be the successors,
which was imperfectly heard by the reporter.
Mr. DUNHAM. Your territorial court is
composed of three judges; your district courts will
be composed of one. You will have three sets
of books, besides the set now in the territorial
library, in the very place, by the way, where
these officers need them, the capital of the Terri-
tory. You will have three sets of books there,
while you have but one district judge to use them.
Now, there is one thing more that I desire to
say in regaid to this bill, while 1 am upon the
floor. 1 think we are increasing: all these salaries
with a great deal of recklessness and prodigality.
I speak particularly of the men 
Mr. CULLOM, (interrupting.) I move that
the committee do now rise and report to the
House. It is not possible for us to get through
to-duy.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana yield the floor for that motion ?
Mr. DUNHAM. No, sir, not yet. I will
complete my remarks, and then, if the committee
desue to rise, they can do so. I shall be bnef.
in regard to these salaries, I was saying, I speak
particularly to gentlemen who make such earnest
professions of the doctrine of State rights. We
are increasing the salaries of all the Federal officers
to an extent much above the salaries of officers
doing similar duties under the State governments.
And the tendency of all this is to destroy all
disposition to take office under the State govern-
ment, arid induce an inordinate desire for office
under the Federal Government. To withdraw the
beet talent of the country from the service of States,
and absorb it in this great central power, must
of course soon destroy the dignity and independ-
ence of the State sovereignties. This tendency
is all wrong.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana permit me to interrupt him with a ques-
tion ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana this question: Whether or not,
if any person receive these books, they will not
revert to the Government when the office becomes
extinct ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I will answer the question
of the gentleman from Arkansas, by asking a
question m return: Did he ever know anything
belonging to the General Government to be re-
turned ? if he ever knew an instance of that kind,
then I think there may be something appropriate
in his question.
Mr. BERNHISEL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana, permit me to make a remark?
Mr. DUNHAM. Ofcouise; I yield it entirely.
Mr. BERNHISEL. 1 meteiy desire to state
that the judge? of the aupremeeourt of the United
States for the Territory of Utah were supplied
with the United States Statutes at Large, up to the
end of the first session of the Thirty-Second Con-
gress.
The question was then taken by division on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Kerr.] Only twenty-nine mem-
bers voted in the aiiinnative.
[Cries of " Count the other side."]
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, we will be evi-
dently without a quorum if a furthei count is taken.
1 call for tellers, and then I move that the com-
mittee do now rise and report to the House.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro temjyorc, the Chair reported that the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and especially the order relative to the territorial
business, and had instructed him to report to the
House three bills, which were adopted with
amendments.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly, at half past three
o'clock, p. m., adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 2, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournal of yesterday was read andapproved.
PETITIONS, ETC. |
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented a j
resolution of the Legislature of Kentucky, in favor j
of a donation of land to that State for educational !
purposes; which was referred to the Committee j
on Public Lands. j
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Ken- j
tucky, m favor of so amending the act of Congress !
granting lands to certain officers and soldiers, or •
their widows and minor children, that m case,
there be no widow or minor children, the pro vis- !
; ions of said act shall embrace the adult children; !
| which were referred to the Committee on Pensions. !
| Mr. WADE, at the request of Mr. Smith, of !
! Connecticut, presented the memorial of Alvan
i Underwood ami sixty-nine others, citizens of |
| Woodstock, Connecticut, praying for the adop- '
i tion ef measures, by treaties with foreign countries, '
j which shall m future prevent wars, and refer all ]
| national disputes and controversies to arbitration; i
| which was referred to the Committee on Foreign j
! Relations. ;
t Also, a petition of inhabitants of the town of1
! Farimngton, Connecticut, praying the reduction !
( of ocean postage to a uniform rate of two cente; ,
| which was referred to the Committee on the Post!
| Office and Post Roads. |
Also, a memorial of William D. Sands and forty-
nme others, citizens of Haul yme, Connecticut, pro-
testing against the passage of the Nebraska bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of the So-
ciety of Friends of Indiana, composed of twelve
thousand members, praying the rejection of the
Nebraska bill, or of any bill which will introduce
slavery into the Territories; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
post road from Dubuque, via New Wine, thence
on the new State road, via Strawberry Point, Rob-
ertson's Ford, and West Union, to Decorah;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fayette county,
Iowa, remonstrating against the passage of the bill
for organizing the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
a petition of citizens of the State of New Jersey,
and a petition of citizens of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against the passage of the
Nebraska and Kansas bill; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Burlington county,
New Jersey, praying that all those soldiers who
have served in any of the wars of the United States,
may be granted one hundred and sixty acres of
land; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GEYER presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, of the Jewish religion, resid-
ing in Missouri, praying that measures may be
taken to obtain for American citizens of every
crecd, residing or traveling m foreign countries,
a jun degree of civil and religious freedom; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of
Franklin Chase, praying that his claim in relation
to the confiscation of the schooner Oregon, ad-
versely reported upon, may be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims; which, with the papers on
file in relation to the subject, was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of F. A.
Underwood and H. A. Crane, heirs of Jehu Un-
derwood, praying the confirmation of their title to
a certain tract of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLOR.Y, from the Committee on Naval
Allairs, to whom was referred the petition of Mar-
garet Chandler, mother of Walter S. Chandler, of
the Army, who was drowned while m the dis-
chaige of his duty, praying a pension, asked to
be discharged from its farther consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of S. T.
Van Derze, an officer of the quartermaster's de-
partment in the war of 1812, praying an amend-
ment of the bounty land and pension laws, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to,
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Elizabeth
Summers, widow of Cornelius Summers, who
served in the last war with Great Britain, as a
substitute for one Gray, praying to be allowed
bounty land, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for her relief; which was read, and passed*
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John McVey, a sol-
dier m the last war with Great Britain, praying a
pension, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Benjamin Rowe, re-
ported it back without amendment, accompanied
by a report on the subject; which was oideied to
be printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of George W. Gibson,
