THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D- C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1854.
New Series.....No. 66.
reported it back without amendment, accompanied
by a report on the subject; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred additional documents in the case of
Benjamin Burton, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Stewart, of
Stamford, Delaware county, New York, praying
a pension, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordapd to be printed.
Mr. EVANSTTrom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of "Frederick Vincent, administrator of Le Caze
and Mallet, praying the payment of money-ad-
vanced during the revolutionary war, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred the memo-
rial of the Legislature of the Territory of New
Mexico, respecting Indian depredations in that
Territory, and the petition of John B. Chapman
and Clarinda P. Chapman, praying that steps may
be taken to civilize the Indians at Puget's Sound,
in Washington Territory, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, to whom was referred the petition of
Denton Offutt, praying Congress to purchase his
system for the improvement of the breeds of
domestic animals, asked to be discharged from its
urther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, granting the right
of way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain rail- ,
road, through the arsenal magazine and Jefferson j
barracks tracts, reported it back with amendments. !
SURVEY OF COAL FIELDS. \
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu- j
tion; which was considered by unanimous cor:- |
sent, and agreed to: i
Revival, That the Committee on Military Allans be in-
*tiueted !<i!Hi']uir; into the expediency ot autlion/m^ llie
President of the United States to came an examination
and survey to he made of tile eoa! lieid-s on anil m llie
concurrence with the House amendment to the third amend-
ment to that bill.
R. M. T. H (INTER,
JAMES SHIELDS,
JOHN BELL,
Man a'^cr* on the part of Vie Senate.
GEO. W.JONES,
WILLAM II. JUSSELL,
JOHN <}. DAVIS,
on the part of the House.
The first amendment of the Senate from which
the committee recommended that it should recede,
was to insert:
"For repairs and addition.: lo professors1 quarters,
§5,000."
The third amendment of the Senate, was to add
the following as an additional section:
Be it further enacted, That tile compensation of tile
professors of Fioncli and drawing be made equal to tiiat of
tile piofessoisof the other departments, and the compensa-
tion of the master of the swoul he Sl.iOO per annum."
The amendment of the House in which the
Senate originally non-concurred, was to strikeout
the words:
" Professors of French and thawing lie made equ;il_ to
that of the protessors of tin' other depitt tment:, and the
compensation of the"—
So as to make the section read:
'■ Sec. 2. Be it furlhei mailed, That the compensation
of the master of the swoid he ,^1,200 per annum."
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that, for fear of
losing the whole bill, we had to recede from our
position, but I really hope we shall persist here-
after until we do justice to these professors.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
; On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
j as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill making appropria-
: tion for the current and contingent expenses of
| the Indian department, and lor tulfilhug treaty
! stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending .Tune 30, _ib5!>, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Wf.li.er to amend the
following amendment, reported by Mr. Sbhas-
tian from the Committee on Indian Affairs, by
striking out J125,0U0, and inserting jj200,000:
For dehaym^ the expense;* ot contimmit! tlie removal ami
subsistence of the Indians in tlaiiloi rua to five uuhlaiy its-
eivutions, m accordance with Ihc plan submitted by liie
superintendent of iiniain ailaii) of that Htate, ami appioveii
by tlie President, the sum of $1-25,DUO : Provided, The sub-
lieiellborhood of Deep liver, 111 (he State ol Ninth Carolina, d ,incuts created by tins act shall be appointed In the supcr
with a view to tlie establishment of a national foundeiy and ]j miemlent, subject lo confirmation by the oecrctary e' 11
Trinorv '' '""'nor not to exceed one for each reseivation nor live m
NEW MAIL ROUTE. ,
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, submitted the |
following resolution; which was considered by ;
unanimous consent, and agreed to: j
Rewired, Tiiattho fUimmittec on tile Post (Miceanil Post
Roads be. H1.-.I! acted to iiiquuc into the expedieuc) ol cst.ib
Iishin" a jnaii loute fiom Monteville, (.alcsvillc and
Douglass's Mills, to Black River Falls, m Wisconsin.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an- j
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution:
A joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the expenses of
the Board of Commissioners appointed by the
Territorial Assembly of Oregon to prepare a code
of laws, also to adjust the expenses of collecting
and printing ceitaih laws and archives of the Ter
rttory of Oregon; and
A bill for the relief of Grafton Baker. ^
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill for the construction of ccrtain
military roads and wells in the Ferritory of New
Mexico.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following report:
Tlie undersigned, managers of the Senate and House of
Representatives, upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the amendments to House bill fto. 4/, being
" An act making appropriations for the suppoit oi uie Mili-
tary Academy tor the year ending the 30th June, ' have
met, and ofler full and free confluence, have agreed to
jt'connueiul thut ilit- FW'iiukj rcecde fiom iw fi«?t umetuuuent
to said hill; ami, also, thtg, the Senate recede iroin its non-
m
Interior not.   ..
all. Haul reservation', to contain riot loss than five, noi
moii! than twenty-five thousand And the-;iiid ^uper
mtendent h authonzod to apply, out ol the suns hereby
appropriated, not excooduijj >f25,000 111 Iho cvtin^iuslnneiit
of conflicting utle.s arid lo .-'mi lcserved landn at a
price not cvcce-diiiK #1 25 per acre lor a valid and iiuJe
feasible tit!-' to tiie land- purchased : P)0vi.lc<l, 1 lie
State ol California shall cede Hienccc^aiv jurisdiction i'i
such cu^ch.
For giMioul nicidont't! e\pen-uisoi tin' Indian -erviccni
California, embracing the pciisis of lia\el o{ t!ie Miper-
intetident and agent, ^"',01)0.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WELLElt. 1 moved «n amenrtmenWo
the amendment, to sit ike out " ^125,000" and in-
sert " ^20^,000." An amendment v/<ifjalwo moved
by my colleague to .-strike out aU after tlie v/oid
£C California," in the amendment reported from ,
the committee > which is the question now to he i
taken5 „ I
The PRESI DING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the choir.) 'i'he Senator who is now on the I
| floor fust moved So strike out " ^125,000, 'and
insert "$200,000." Elis colleague subsequently!
moved an "Amendment to the amendment of the
committee. It will be read if the Senator desires
it.
Mr. BADGER. What is it'
Mr. W ELL.ER. I apprehend that there is
some error in this. ..
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Tlie Chair will
again put the question if desired.
" Mr. WELLER. The motion which I made
yesterday 
The PRESlDUMtj OEF1CEU. IV Senator
from California will allow the amendment to be
read, as the Senator from North Carolina desires it,
Tlie amendment of the committee was read;
and the amendment offered by Mr. Gwin was to
strikeout all after the word " California," and
insert " for preserving peace with said Indians,
$200,000," so that the amendment would read:
" For defraying the expenses of continuing the removal
lUld subsistence of the Indians ill California, and for pre
seivmi,' peace with said Indians, $200,000."
Mr. WELLER. The first question, I believe,
is on my motion to strike out §195,000, and in-
sert £200,000. I stated yesterday that the super-
intendent of Indian affairs in California called for
an appropriation of $500,000.
Upon a consultation with the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, I advised him that, in my judg-
ment, §200,000 would be amply sufficient to en-
able the Government to carry out the plan. It
was, therefore, on my recommendation in part,
that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs com-
plied with the wish of the superintendent, but cut
down the amount to $200,000. The Committee
on Indian Affairs, not being able, as I think, to
assign any reason at all, cut it down still further
to £125,000. Now, 1 ask to restore the estimate
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, $200,000.
That, in my judgment, will be amply sufficient
for the Indians in that country, there being nov/,
according to the reports, one fourth of all the In-
dians m the United States located in California.
Mr, SEBASTIAN. The pending question I
now understand to be on the substitute offered yes-
terday by the Senator from California, for the
amendment reported from the committee. I stated
that I had not the slightest objection to increasing
the amount, provided it was to be applied in the
way the committee recommended. I yet have no
objection, if the Senate think that $200,000 is re-
quired by the service m that country, to appropri-
ate that amount; but the committee were unable
to ai rive at the conclusion that more than $125,000
could be profitably employed, because we had no
mfoiIllation fiom the gentleman in chaise of Um
administration of Indian affairs in California, of
the disbursement of the quarter of a million which
was appropriated last year, i think that, sir, is
alone a sufficient reason for restricima; and limit-
ing tbe appropriation which the committee were
disposed to give to the Department, below the sum
recommended, which we now learn came from the
Department on the suggestion of the Senator from
California. That is a mere matter of detail, how-
ever.
But I understand that the amendment to the
amendment goes further, and involves a departure
from the plan adopted by Congress and the Exec-
utive heretofore, and to restore the old, and what
! ! understood to be the exploded system of Indian
j administration in that State, which existed j>nor
! to the act of the last session of Congress. The
amendment, as now proposed by the Senator from
i California, would be restoring the plan of appro-
priating general amounts for the general (purpose
of preserving peace with the Indiansm California.
By referring to the history oi tlie administration
of tint plan, it will be seen that such had been the
magnitude of the evils that had grown out of it;
I such had been the signal lailure of that system
heretofore, that, on the 3d of March last, the Sen-
I ate, almost without a dissentingvoice, adopted the
| system which is now in force there, and which, 1
I think, affords the only efficient plan for the pro-
j tection and civilization of the Indian population of
I that State against that inevitable and irresistible
j agency'—the encroachment of the white man.
Si °That system, so far as it lias worked, has
ij worked efficiently, expensively, it is true, as every
II system of administration in thatStste mustneces-
}\ sanly work from the inflated state and condition
h of things there at this time. That is a difficulty
which we must expect to meet, and which we
mast face. It is a difficulty which we are to over-
come, and overcome now; for an experiment whe';,
first tried mustinvolve the expenditure of amounts
startling to us, from which we must thai.
