1854.
THE, CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
1901
■system. My opinion is, that it would be a very
improvident thing to adopt it in this case.
Mr. PRATT. There is one view of this sub-
ject, sir, which.1 desire to present. This work,
under the original law, was placed in the hands
of the President of the United States. He sent an
engineer to make the necessary surveys and esti-
mates in regard to its cost. The report of that
engineer was made to Congress a long time ago.
"Under the authority vested in the engineer, he has
•contracted for the delivery of the brick along the
line of the.work, and he has bought stone quar-
ries from which the stone is to come for the pur-
pose of the construction, and the whole plan, and
thev estimates in regard to the number of brick,
and the number of stone to be purchased, and
everything of that sort has been made by him.
The manner in which the brick is to be placed,
•and where it is to be placed, and where the stone
is to be placed, has already been fixed by him.
Besides this, Mr. President, as an engineer, he
looks to this work as one by which his reputa-
tion is hereafter to be sustained, and with which
his name is to be connected. It is a great work,
a national work; and it is one in whieh this engi-
neer will feel great pride.. Now, is it right, in it-
self, to take from the hands of the party thus
appointed by the United States, who has made all
the surveys and estimates, the construction of the
work, the management of it, and the superintend-
ence of it, and advertise it out to contractors? I
do not think so, Mr. President. You have now
a certainty that the work will be completed under
the management of this engineer, within the esti-
mates which he has made, and constructed of the
•best materials; that it will be useful to the country
and creditable to himself. Now, divide the re-
sponsibility, put it into the hands of contractors,
and you may have the work of a perishing char-
acter—neither creditable nor useful. For the
reasons suggested, that here are the estimates
which have been made, that the contracts have
been made for the materials to be furnished, with
the assent of the President, that the engineer is
responsible for them being good, and for the quan-
tity which he has advertised for and agreed to
purchase, it appears to me that here is a case, at
any rate, in which the Democratic principle—if it
may be termed one—giving to the civil service the
employments which properly belong to the mili-
tary and to scientific men, ought not to be carried
out.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire to modify my
amendment by adding to it the following:
Atul tho supeiintendenee of the work to be continued
under the connol and direction ot the Secretary of War,
who shall have power to rpjcctall the work which, m his
opinion, may ho improperly or badly done.
Mr. CASS. I consider this as a wise and eco-
nomical plan. It contains no reflection upon the
superintending: officer. There is no transfer of
■the work. His superintendency is fo he preserved.
1 know the officer personally; he is a very able
and upright man, and among the most intelligent
of our officers. 1 should hear no imputation cast
upon him without uefendmg him; for I know
him. Cut there is no such idea involved in this
proposition. Whatis the advantage of it? It has
two very manifestadvantages. You are sure now
that you will not exceed the given sum, and you
stand under a chance of having the work done for
a less sum. I defy you, in the long range of ap-
propriations made by the Government, to point
out to me a single work which* has been kept
within the estimates. I do not know how much
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal cost, but it cost
millions upon millions. That is but an example;
it is a reproach to nobody, because it is a very
uncertain matter. And, sir, no superintending
officer in his condition can manage such a work so
far as respects the labor and material, as well as
-a builder and contractor, it is not human nature
it is useless to expect it.
What is the objection to this ? I cannot see any
at all. The superintending officer is still to have
the control of the work; his superintendency is
to be preserved; he is, from day to day, to go on
and witness the work, just as much as I should
do, or anyone else would do, if I madea contract
with another to do a work for myself. If he now
sees bad work done by his day laborers he will
stop il, and if he sees bad work done by the day
laborers employed by the contractors, he can do
the same thing. He, and the officers under him,
of whom, I presume, he will have enough, will,
from day to day, go along the work and see that
it is properly done. Tms proposition will not
change that. They will do just as they do now,
with the advantage that the cost of the materials
and of the labor will be transferred to men who
will take better care of it, and do it cheaper than
your officers can do it. 1 acknowledge that there
are public works, perhaps the budding of ships,
and others of that description, which should be
exempted from this rule. The building of ships
had better be done in your own ship-yards, that
is of vast consequence; but, in regard to a work
like this, under the superintendence of an officer
who understands the work, I do not see why it
should not be done by contract. There are thou-
sands of works which are now being done by
contract. Our works have been done by contract
ever since the foundation of the Government, and
I trust they will he so done hereafter. I repeat, tins
may be so guarded—and it is so guarded—by the
complete control of the War Department, that no
injury can arise; but I think very great advant-
ages will be derived from it.
Mr. SHIELDS called for the reading of the
amendment; and it was read as modified.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest that tite words
" cause to be rejected55 be used instead of " to re-
ject. "
Mr. WALKER. Thatisimplied in the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theSen-
ator from Michigan move to amend the amend-
ment?
Mr. CASS. No, sir; I do not care anything
about that; but I will ask the Secretary to read
the beginning of the amendment.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That ho part of ihe appropriation contained in this act
shall !>'* expanded, unle-^ m pm-iririee of a contract, to be
made with the most responsible bidder, alter first inviting
proposals, &c.
Mr. CASS. " Most responsible?"
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. " And lowest."
Mr. CASS. "Most responsible and lowest
bidder " should go together.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Let it be modified by
inseiting " lowest."
Mr. BENJAMIN. It appears to me that if
there is any work on which if would be dangerous
to experiment by constructing it under contract,
it is precisely the work which is now before the
Senate. The proposition is to build the work not
as well, but as cheap as possible. We all know
that in a work of this character not only oujjht the
materials to be the best, but the workmanship
also ought to be such as to give just leason fui
hoping that it would last for ages. According to
the present plan by which the wo -k is constructed,
there is no interest, on the part of any workman,
to put in inferior work. In relation to the mate-
rials, it is in the power of the superintendent to
examine them as they are delivered, and to reject
them if they are not precisely in accordance with
what he requires for the construction. Now, you
propose to continue the work by contract, under
the superintendence of the Department; but the
superintendent cannot have his eye upon every
woikman who is laying: brick or stone. It will
be impossible for him to beat all times, and on all
occasions, at every part of the work which is to
be done at different points. The moment you put
the work under the contract system, you make it
the interest of the contractor, when the eye of the
superintendent is withdrawn from the work, to
put in inferior materials and workmanship, to gain
greater profits. On the other hand, when the
workman is employed by the day, and when the
materials are delivered to the superintendent him-
self, it is possible for the superintendent to exer-
cise a proper supervision over the quality of the
materials, and the workman has no interest, no
temptation to slight his work.
T&is work when matte is to be covered under
grotmd, and in the greater portion of it defects may
be concealed when it is the interest of the contractor
to slight his work and conceal them. You may have
the work done perhaps for $50,000, or $100,0C0,
or ^,'200,000, or $>300,000 les.s than the estimate,
but what will be the lesult? I'n a year or two a
secret defect may be found, a deficiency in the
supply of water will take place, leaks will occur
in the aqueduct, a^d the whole aqueduct will have
to be unearthed and repairs made, so that proba-
bly in the end it would cost double what it will if
it is properly done-in the beginning. This has
been found to be the experience of the Govern-
ment under all circumstances. It has been so in
the Departments and in all the public buildings.
The whole subject was discussed when the exten-
sion of the Capitol was provided for, and upon all
occasions it has been found to be sound economy
eventually, although a little additional cost may
have been incurred at the beginning, to do the
work under the superintendence of the public offi-
cers, and to eschew the contract system. If .an
experiment is to be made with the contract sys-
tem, I hope it will be made on some other work.
Let it be upon anything but this, because the ex-
pense for repairs on a work like this is frequently
more than the original cost. We have an example
in the case of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal.
Many other striking examples might be offered.
What is proposed to be gained by this change?
If Senators have that confidence which they pro-
fess in the Secretary of War  and in the super-
intendent of the work, what is to be gained by
this ? It can be no great amount. As to limiting
it within the5 amount of the appropriation, we
have not only the report of the officer who has
madean exact estimate of the cost of every portion
of the work to be done, but we have the experi-
ence of the portion already done, which has been
effected according to the report which we have
before us this session, at something less than the
estimate which he had originally prepared for that
part. 1 thmk there is no reason to fear that the
estimate will be exceeded, but that on the con-
trary, it will be adhered to. If our legislation on
the subject is to vacillate with the changing opin-
ion of every Congress, we shall expend a great
deal of money, and finally have the woik obliged
to be kept in operation by constant expenditures
for repairs. The work is now in safe hands ad-
mitting, at the utmost, that §100,000 or $200,000
should be expended more than the estimate, it is
better to have it permanent, weil constructed, and
safe, than to run the risk, perhaps, by the adop-
tion of the contract system.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not among those who
believe that the contract system is entirely to be
abandoned; 1 think there are some public works
which should be executed by a mixture of the two
systems—partly by contract, and partly, by the
personal superintendence of a public officer. In
this oase, I believe the work is under the charge of
an officer of great fidelity, and great intelligence,
who will make it a matter of pride to keep the ex-
penditures within the estimate. I believe, sir,
that it would be safe, and, in the end, we should
probably have it better and more cheaply done, if
we did not throw these restrictions around him;
but if they are to be thrown around him, there are
some matters tor which it does not provide. You
restrict him as to the estimate for the construction
of the work; that is right enough; but he makes
no estimate for land damages. He makes no esti-
mate for suiting the portion of the work already
accomplished to that which is hereafter to be per-
formed. These things ought to be excluded from
the estimate. The estimate was for the purpose
of making a work necessary to bring water here.
I think, therefore, that this ought to be excluded,
if we are going to put this restriction upon him;
and we ought to strike out the lowest bidder. If
you require him to take a responsible contractor,
and allow him to estimate, that is well enough;
the estimate is limit enough; but as to requiring him
to take the cheapest, you throw upon him the
necessity of employing some one who will come
here hereafter to be relieved of the contract.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator,
before he takes his seat, allow me to state another
defect? There is no provision made here as to
making the payments. As the work progresses
the payment ought to be ma de pari passu, and some
portion of the money be kept hack until the final
investigation. There is no provision of that kind
proposed here. It is always contained in these
cases.
Mr. RUSK. It would certainly be economical
for the Government to look to the permanent and
durable character of this work, it would be much
cheaper to make it in a permanent and durable
manner at first than to be compelled to make ap-
propriations hereafter to repair it. I see that the
amendment would be very likely to shift the re-
sponsibility. As the matter now stands, it is de~
