1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
338
pay to James Dunning $255 98 in full for interest
due to him from the TJnited States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected; and the
bill was laid over.
The bill next on the Calendar was House bill
(No. 240) " for the relief of Thomas S. J. John-
son, of the Territory of New Mexico."
The Clerk read the bill, which directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay Thomas S. J.
Johnson the sum of $4,800 for the value of thirty-
two large road wagons taken by the officers of the
United States Army, and appropriated to the
public use.
The Clerk read the report accompanying the
bill.
Mr. ORR. I wish to ask the gentleman who
reported this bill why the quartermaster did not
make compensation directly to this person?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
who reported the bill is not present.
Mr. ORR. I wish to understand the facts some-
what more fully; therefore I object to it.
The bill was accordingly laid over under the
rule.
The next bill which came up in order for con-
sideration, was House bill (No. 241) "for the re-
lief of the administrators of Oliver Lee, deceased."
The bill was read in extenso. It provides,
among other things, for the payment to the ad-
ministrators of Oliver Lee, deceased, of the sum
of $580 32, for the reasons therein stated.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend, by insert-
ing after the words " cents" the words, " with in-
terest thereon, to be computed from the 30th day
of August, 1844."
Mr. HENDRICKS objecting, the bill was laid
over, under the rule.
Senate bill (No. 139) " for the relief of Charles
A. Kellett" coming up next in order for consider-
ation, was objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see, and laid over under the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there is another Senate bill, not upon the Cal-
endar, which the clerk will report.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
"A bill for the relief of Joseph Mitchell."
The bill and report were read in extenso.
Mr. WALSH. As the bill appears to be a
bounty upon desertion, I object.
The bill was accordingly laid over underthe rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the committee rise.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman report-
ed that the Committee of the Whole House had,
according to order, had under consideration the
Private Calendar, and directed him to report to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass, House
bill (No. 180) " for the relief of William B. Ed-
wards," with an amendment; and also that they
had directed him to report without amendment the
following bills, with a recommendation that they
pa-ss :
House bill (No. 123) " for the relief of Charles
Staples;"
House bill (No. 125) " for the relief of Harriet
Leavenworth, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier
General Leavenworth;"
House bill (No. 193) " for the relief of Alton
Nelson;"
House bill (No. 235) " for the relief of Grafton
Baker;" and
House bill (No. 237) "for the relief of Mary
Deany, widow of the late Lieutenant James A.
Deany, of the United States Army."
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. ORR. I move that when this House ad-
journs, that it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Upon that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 101, nays 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is on the hill reported last Friday from the Com-
mittee of the W hole House, for the relief of Ben-
jamin Rowe, to which the following amendment
was made:
Strike out the words "five years," and insert
in lieu thereof " during his natural life."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the House
that this is to make the bill correspond with the
pension laws of the United States. The com-
mittee which reported the bill, by some mistake
inserted five years, instead of for life, as they
should have done.
Mr. KERR. We, in this quarter, do not un-
derstand the amendment at all. I ask the Chair
to explain the state of the question.
The SPEAKER. This is a proposition for a
pension. The bill,as reported, provides a pension
for five years. It is proposed to amend by strik-
ing out u five years" and inserting " for life."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill is to grant
a pension. In cases like this, where the person
was in the military service, in the line of his duty,
it has been the invariable practice to grant him a
pension for life. Through inadvertency, or from
some cause, the person having the bill in "charge
inserted a clause providing apension for five years
instead of for life. The five-years' pensions have
been confined exclusively to another 'class. I
know nothing about this case except from the re-
port; but that is the principle upon which we have
heretofore acted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is it competent for
the House to vote upon the remaining bills reported
from the Committee of the Whole, en masse ?
The SPEAKER. That course can be pursued
by unanimous consent only.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The following bills were then taken up, and
severally ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time; and having been engrossed, were read a third
time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of Henry L.- Halstead;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Hammond, of
the State of New York; and
A bill for the relief of Henry J. Snow, of Rome,
in the State of New York.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. These bills were
all reported from the Committee of the Whole
House without objection. I propose that they
should be read by their titles, and passed en
masse.
Mr. WHEELER.
to that course.
The following House bills, reported on Friday
last from the Committee of the Whole House,
were then taken from the Speaker's table, ordered
I withdraw my objection
" A bill (No. 200) to confirm to Hercules L.
Dousman his title to farm lot No. 32, adjoining
the town of Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wis-
consin;"
" A bill (No. 201) for the relief of Aaron Staf-
ford*," and
" A bill (No. 202) for the relief of Hezekiah
Johnson, of the town of Bridgewater, in the State
of Vermont."
The following House bills reported to-day from
the Committee of the Whole House,, without
amendment, were then taken from the Speaker's
table, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and subsequently read the third time, and passed:
" A bill (No. 123) for the relief of Charles Sta-
ples;"
" A bill (No. 193) for the relief of Alton Nel-
son;"
" A bill (No. 235) for the relief of Grafton Ba-
ker;" and
" A bill (No. 337) for the relief of Mary Deany,
widow of the late Lieutenant James. A: Deany,
of the United States Army."
The following House bill, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House, with an amend-
ment, was then taken from the Speaker's table:
"A bill (No. 125) for the relief of Harriet Leav-
enworth, widow of the late brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Leavenworth."
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strikeout ",$37 50." and insert m lieu thereof "$30;" so
that the bill shall piovide for the paying of $30 pension per
month, instead of $37 50.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill is in
violation of all the general pension laws of the
country. It is an exception which I think is
wrong. If such cases are to be provided for,
there should be a general law passed; so that ben-
efit may be received hy the widows of soldiers
who die in the United States service in time of peace,
as well as the widows of those who die under these
circumstances. If the principle involved is to be
recognized at all, let it be recognized by Congress
in a general law. I therefore move that the bill
be laiS upon the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this is one of the
most meritorious cases that can come before Con-
gress. I move to amend the bill by striking out
five years, and inserting ten years. I do it upon
this ground: Half pay has been given to widows
under general laws Last year we passed a bill
to give" an additional five years. We might as
well say ten years at once, as that at the expira-
to be engrossed for a third reading, and were sub- i tion of five years, five years additional shall be
sequently read a third time, and passed:
"A bill (No. 124) for the relief of Lemuel Hud- |
son;" |
" A bill (No. 12G) for the relief of George S. j
Claflin;" i
"A bill (No. 127) for the relief of James F. j
Green;" ;
" A bill (No. 128) for the relief of Thomas :
Frazer;" !
"A bill (No. 120) for the relief of Cornelius H. |
Latham:" I
" A bdl (No. 130) for the relief of Samuel W. !
Brady;" i
" A bill (No. 134) for the relief of Fayette
Mauzy and Robert G. Ward;"
"A bill (No. 170) for the relief of the legal !
representatives of the late John E. Bispham;" !
"A bill (No. 175) for the relief of John 0. '
Mears;"
"A bill (No. 177) for the relief of Lyman N.
Cook;"
given.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions, as he
says that pensions have been given for ten years,
whether the widow of a soldier who died the same
day, and in the same camp as General Leaven-
worth, can get a pension under any law now in
force in this country5
Mr. IIENDRICKS. If as meritorious a case
as this of General Leavenworth be presented in
favor of any of soldiers who died at the same
time, I have no doubt Congress would pass upon
it favorably.
I will add, before I yield to the gentleman from
Tennessee, that, this case does not come strictly
within the pension laws. If it did, and if, under
the general law, adequate relief could be given, it
would not be here. It is one of the most merito-
rious cases, in my judgment, that could come be-
fore Congress. This man, by bis exposure in
the service of the country, lost his life. He en-
Abill (No. 179") for the relief of Emelie Hooe, , countered dangers as great as many did m battle,
n Mm -1-. ' .. i t    i /llanos the nnestion further:
widow of Captain Hooe
" A bill (No. 181) for the relief of John Ham-
i ilton;"
! " A bill (No. 183) for the relief of the TJtica
Steam Woolen Company;" ;
"A bill (No. 184) for the relief of Gray,;
! McMurdo & Co.;" ;
|   A bill (No. 191) for the relief of George W. ;
; Gibson;" . '
; " A bill (No. 19"3) for the relief of Parmelia ^
Slavin, widow of John Blue, deceased;" |
j " A bill (No. 194) to provide a pension for j
1 Silas Champion;" I
I am not disposed to discuss the question further;
but if the gentleman has any further questions to
!! propound, I shall be glad to answer them.
il Mr JONES. The gentleman has notanswered
! the question which I put to him. 1 inquired
' whether, under the laws to which he referred, the
- widow of any soldier could get a pension ? t take
| it upon myself to say that she could not; and, sir,
'' there is no case within my recollection where the
widow of any soldier, under similar circumstances,
has ever had a pension bill passed for her benefit.
It is for an officer. And what is the merit in
this particular case ? An officer who was favored.
