1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %
are 1180,000, or probably $200,000, in the hands
of the superintendent of Indian affairs in Califor-
nia. I have no idea that he has anything like
that amount. He has not yet made his returns.
He has made large expenditures in farming oper-
ations, and for starting the Indians in them; and
I think it will be ascertained that there is very
little of the fund which he has not expended. I
understand that he estimates the receipts from the
produce which he expects to raise there this year
at several thousand dollars. He must have spent
a great deal of money in making the preliminary
purchases, and obtaining plows and other agricul-
tural implements, and everything necessary to
start with. I think he has now two or three thou-
sand acres in cultivation. The reservation is over
a hundred miler.from thesea-coast,and everything
had to be transported there at a great expense.
Now, the point which I make is, that we should
appropriate the amount asked for by the Secretary
of the Interior, and leave him discretion to con-
tinue the reservations, if the State nf California
shall yield her assent. It is more than probable
that she will at the proper time.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that, under
the circumstances, the amendment suggested by
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] is proper.
I think we had better confide this question to the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, and by
the addition of the word "settlement" to the
amendment first suggested by the Senator from
California, we leave it open to him, to carry on
the policy of reservations, if he finds that he can
make such an arrangement with the State of Cal-
ifornia as will make it practicable. Under these
circumstances, 1 am disposed to gofffr the amend-
ment which the Senator has suggested; bur., with
regard to the-amount, it seems to me that the Com-
mittee on Indian A (fairs are right. The sum of
^125,000 will probably be enough, especially as the
other sum might have been estimated forundei the
supposition that we weie bound to continue the
policy of reservations. If we are not bound to
continue it, and we have to make a discretionary
appropriation, it seems to me that <,125,000 will
be enough under the circumstances. I suppose,
however, the first vote will be as to fixing the
amount, and after that, the question will come up
on the amendment of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Gwin.]
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, the plan for
the location and government of the Indians on
reservations in California, seems to have worked
well so far, but time enuugh has scarcely elapsed
to allow the Committee on Indian Affairs, or the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to say, with
certainty, whether it is one that can be univer-
sally applicable to all the tribes in that State or
not. A good deal of money was expended during
the last year upon one reservation, on which
something like two thousand Indians, I believe,
have been collected. It is evidently going to be
a very expensive plan of governing the Indians;
but, notwithstanding that it is likely to be so, 1
am prepated tu give; it my assent, so far as a fur-
ther trial may be necessary.
I think there is no doubt that there is a very
considerable portion of the iinpiopiiation of last
year still unexpended, and in the hands of the su-
perintendent. With that sum, anil with the addi-
tional sum of $125,000 proposed by the committee
to be appropriated, I think he will have an a mount
amply sufficient to give the system a lair trial. I
think it would be unwise to appropriate a larger
sum. I have no particular objection to the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from California,
[Mr, Gi.i.v.] So far a-j 1 am concerned, ( should
be willing to adopt it-, but what I meant to say
pal I ii'ulai !y, was, that i re-'ard the appropriation
of |I25,000 as abundantly sufficient, taken in
connection with that which is in the hands of the
superintendent unexpended.
Mr. STUART. I was not m my seat yester-
day when this amendment was discussed; but on
looking at the debate as reported, I see it stated
that there ate in ilie hands of this officer now
£(350,000. The chairman of the committee to-day,
however, stated that ther* were about $,250,000
unaccounted for.
Mr. SEBASTIAN Will the Senator allow
me an opportunity of setting- myself riijht, and
also of fortifying what ! was raying? 'The Sen-
ator inform;-! nv lha? \ am repotted as lumngsaid
the othei day that about £.'130,000 were imac-
! counted for. I said about §250,000—the larger
part of $250,000 were unaccounted for. 1 did not
mean by that to say that the money has not been
expended. I only intend to say that that amount
of money has been withdrawn by the superin-
tendent from the depository indicated by law. I
suppose, as one of the Senators from California
supposes, that a great deal of it has been ex-
pended. In all probability it has been; but returns,
stating how it has been expended, or whether it
has been expended or not, for the last three quar-
ters, have never been received from the superin-
tendent; so that we are left to conjecture whether
he has expended the money or not.
Mr. STUART. It was for the purpose of ob-
taining that information that I rose at this time.
Having obtained it, I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ate whether, when the superintendent has $*250,000
in money unaccounted for in his possession, and
three quarters, as I understand the chairman,
have passed without any report of the condition
of the funds in his hands, it is best to make any
further appropriations at all? I confess that, with
the lights which are before me at this time, I
should not feel myself willing to appropriate
another dollar, unless there be appended to the ap-
propriation a proviso that it shall not be put into
the hands of this superintendent until he has ac-
counted for the money already in his hands, I
do not know the fact, but from inquiry of one
of the Senators, I understand that the bonds of
this officer are probably $30,000. The chturrnan
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, sUiten that
he had not made any report for the laor three
, quarters, and there is a balance of £250,000 in hi-,
hands. Now, will the Senate go forward and ap
propriate ^200,000, or even $125,000 mor,', under
such circumstances:
Senators say they suppose this moneybag beer1
expended. That is the leasonable supposition , at
all events it is the charitable supposition, f>ut :.n
officer of this kind should make his reports There
is no reason assigned here why he has not made
his quarterly returns, showing what money he
has in his hands; and I confess, that unless some-
thing can be shown further than has at present
been shown to the Senate, I shall feel entire re-
luctance to vote a single dollar. But if the Senate
shall disagree with me upon that proposition, I
shall, at the proper time, offer a proviso, that
whatever sum is appropriated, shall not pass into
the hands of this superintendent until he accounts
for what he mis already had.
Mr. RUSK, In regard to the superintendent,
I believe it is generally agreed, so far as we have
heard from him, that he has expended the money
properly. It is true, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs has said, that he lias not
> returned his accounts in full as yet. Then' was
i evidently very great confidence reposed in him
| by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs when that
i officer put the whole of the appropriation at his
| disposal. Theieport, so far as we have any, as
! to the operation of the system, is that it is work-
• mg admirably. The superintendent got the fn-
| dians together, and they are at work, and are get-
j tmg on very well. Now, I do not pretend to say,
. for I know nothing about it, what is the reason
j why the superintendent's accounts are not here;
but as 1 said before, this is a very early day for
the Indian appropriation bill to come helore the
, Senate, it was very nearly the end of the last
! session when the original appropriation was made,
and it is usually near the end of the session before
• any appropriations are made. The superintendent
may have thought that the usual course would be
pursued this year, and that, if his accounts were
I in towards the close of the session, it would he
i time enough. At all events we have nothing upon
I which to predicate any improper use of the money
I by him. We have only the fact that his accounts
! arc not returned. This is only presumptive; and
my own opinion is, that he will satisfactorily ac-
count for me delay. 1 may be in error about that;
: but such is my judgment on the matter. I saw
1 this gentleman frequently when he was before the
! Committee on Indian Affairs prior to the original
1 appropriation being made. He bears a very high
i reputation so far as 1 know, and is certainly a
| man of very great intelligence and high integrity
of character.
: Mr. GWIN". I have had no intercourse at all
| with the superintendent of Indian afftiii sin Califor-
nia since I came to this city; but I understand that
that gentleman was recently about to visit Wash-
ington, and a gentleman who traveled with him
informed me that he had his accounts ready to
bring on with him. He thought he had them in
his possession until he arrived at Panama, when
he ascertained that he had put the wrong bundle
of papers into his trunk. It is more than proba-
ble that that is the cause of the returns not being
here. I was very much surprised not to find his
estimates here, such indeed as were necessary to
ba laid before the committees upon which to base
the appropriation; and I ascertained, upon inquiry
of a gentleman who has traveled with him, that
he had taken the wrong bundle of papers when he
left California, supposing them to contain his
estimates and accounts, and probably that is the
reason why his returns have not been made.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps the Senator from
Texas, and the Senator from California, may
have understood me as questioning the integrity
of this gentleman. I made no such suggestion at
all. I only stated the facts that appeared here,
and that I thought the Senate ought to be cautious
. about putting into his hands further money until
the delay was explained.
Mi. WELLER. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator from Michigan has made the declaration which
i he has just made—that he does not intend to im-
peach the mtegri'y of the superintendent. It is
unfortunate, perhaps, that his vouchers have not
, been sent to the Department; but I take it for
' gr> ated tiv«t there has becti an unavoidable delay,
1 Wh all know :.hdifficulty m getting papers from
that part of r'ne country to thi;', and 1 am a striking
: illustration, i p'.p.vanv, of that fact When 1 was
Boundaiy Commissioner, theie was a £ieat noise
made m tin- Senate about my vouchors; and I
bidievr that, because they did not arrive at the
proper ri.ne, some were so uncharitable as to say-
that i was a defaulter i 'ay under that imputa
ti m until it suited the convenience of the Govern-
ment lo settle mv accounts, and pay me a balance
of $5,000 or #6,000 which was owing to me. \
I say. therefore, it is fair to presume in this case,
; that thio public officer has fairly expended the
1 money intrusted to him. I know him to be a man
, of great intelligence, and of uncommon energy. I
' know that he was vigorously engaged when I left
1 California, last fall, in carrying out the plan
; adopted by Congress at the last session. If there
• be any man m that vState who, above all others, \
would select to carry out this specific plan, it would
! be th it very superintendent.
Now, Mr. President, I am unwilling to abandon
; this plan, if I can obtain the consent of the Legis-
lature to these reservations. 1 desire that the plan
shall be fairly tested; and if it does not, as I con-
! eeived in the beginning it would, turn out to be
the only plan of saving the Indians from exterm-
ination, then, as a matter of course, you will
i have to make direct appropriations to feed them,
1 upon the principle that it is cheaper to feed than
to fight them.
I only desire, therefore, to increase the amoum
i of the appropriations to a sum which I hold to be
' necessary, and which, in all probability, will be
sufficient to put the reservations in such a nituo-
; tion as to enable the Indians to support themselves,
, A large number of Indians have already been con-
gregated there. They Lave pei formed an incal
culahle amom-t of ditching ond other hard labor,
which one would have supposed could not have
! been extracted cheerfully from them. They will
1 spend .sometimes a week laboring day after day,
I and then procure sonif* food, go to the mountain,
wander about for three or four weeks, and return
again to this farm as their home. It is their home.
' their abiding place. This is all we expect to ae
: complish by this plan. We do not intend to
! reduce them to a system of slavery. We do not
■ desire that this Government shall make money by
i extracting labor from them; but we desire to teach
i them the important lesson of depending upon their
; own labor for their bread. We wish barely to
! extract labor enough from them to procure for
! them the necessaries of life. By making an appro-
' priation of $200,000, I doubt not this plan can be
! carried into such successful operation, that the
I Government will not hereafter be called upon to
I make appropriations for the support of these
! Indians. I desire to preserve them from exterm-
1 ination. If. however, as I said yesteiday, the
i Legislature of my State sees proper to refuse io
1 cede the jurisdiction, or to confer on the Federal
