334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
by a commission in the Army of the country, a
profession which he chose for himself, and one
which he preferred to all others—to any certainly
in civil life—he serves in it, and in time of peace,
and in the course of nature, he dies, as we must
all die. And because he had been favored all his
life, his widow must be made the peculiar favorite
of Congress, to the exclusion of all others—the gen-
eral laws of the country overlooked—and because
he was an officer, this peculiar favor is wanted.
Sir, I say that if we are to adopt this principle
of giving pensions to the widows of those who
die in time of peace in the service, make the law
general. When you have such a case, let it not
be a case of special favor and privilege. Extend
the benefit alike to the soldier who is commanded
as to the officer who commands.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the favor to have
the report of the committee read before I take my
seat.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it a long report?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not very long.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Did not we hear it read
just now ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then what is the use of
having it read again ?
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Speaker, I with-
draw the motion which I made to amend the bill;
and before I sit down, I move the previous ques-
tion.
The report shows the fact that General Leaven-
worth was ordered by the Government on an ex-
pedition against the Indians, and that while there
he lost his life through the exposure incident to
that service. In such a case Congress, at the last
session, gave the widow of General Worth $50
per month for life.
This bill proposes to give to the widow of Gen-
eral Leavenworth $30 per month, for five years.
I move the previous question.
The House divided upon the call for the pre-
vious question, and there were 77 m the affirma-
tive and 28 in the negative—no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR. 1 move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe there is a quorum
in the House, and I 
Mr. ORIl. I made a motion that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina insists upon his motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 suppose the genileman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will let me make an
appeal to him to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment. There is a bill upon the Speaker's table
which, it seems to me, v/e ought to pass. It is the
bill which relates to the manner of disbursing the
contingent fund of the Senate. There are some
Senators who have not drawn a single dime since
they came to this Congress. This bill from the
Senate, to which I refer, has been upon our table
for a week, and I appeal to the Mouse to take it
up and dispose of it in someway.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to adjourn
withdrawn ?
Mr. ORR. 1 withdraw it. ^
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask the House to take
up that Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, it
will be taken up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. ORR. I then renew my motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned until Mon-
day next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 4, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS; ETC.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present the
petition of six hundred citizens of the State of New
York, residing in the county of Monroe. They
state that they know of the privations and suffer-
ings which were endured by the soldiers of the war
of 1812—the second war of independence—and
they think that the survivors and their heirs are
entitled to some relief at the present period. The
petition prays Congress to grant to each one of those
soldiers who may survive, and to the representa-
tives of each one who is deceased, one hundred
and sixty acres of the public lands. I move, there-
fore, that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of the
Fox and Wisconsin Improvement Company, pray-
insr to be allowed an additional grant of land, and
to locate the portion of lands unlocated of a grant ,
made under an act of Congress approved August
8,1846, for the improvement of the Fox and Wis-
consin rivers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial of certain
citizens of Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New
Jersey, praying a further appropriation to com-
plete the piers on the easternmost side of Reedy
island; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of the rector
and members of the vestry of Rock Greek parish,
in the county of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, praying that provision may be made by Con-
gress for the establishment and support of a public
school in the parish of Rock Creek; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Oliver
Towles and others, praying to be allowed seven
years' half pay of captain, as the heirs and legal
representatives of Captain Oliver Towles, de-
ceased, who was slain by the enemy in the war of
the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented sundry memorials
of citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of the Nebraska bill; which were or-
dered to he on the table.
Also, fourteen memorials, numerously signed,
of citizens of Philadelphia, against the removal of
the United States Mint from that city; which were
referied to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of the
Bethlehem Baptist Association, at Enterprise,
Mississippi, praying that provision be made in
our treaties with foreign countries to secure reli-
gious toleration to American citizens who may be
resident therein; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foieign Relations.
Mr. ALLEN presented thepetition of Christo-
pher Spencer, praying remuneration for the suf-
ferings and loss of property of his father during
the war of the Revolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Board of Trade of the city of Cleveland, in the
State of Ohio, in favor of the construction of a
ship canal around the Falls of Niagara; which
was refeired to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
certain citizens of Iowa, praying Congress to per-
mit William Rees to establish a normal settlement
on the public lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a remonstrance of!
three hundred tax-paying citizens of Claremont, !
New Hampshire, against the repeal of the Mis- i
souri compromise; which was ordered to he on i
the table. i
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of j
Clinton county, New York, praying Congress to '
grant one hundred and sixty acres of the public
Urnd to ea*h of the soldiers of the war of 1812, or
his legal representatives; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying a modification of the bounty
land law, so as to grant one hundred and sixty
acres of land to the soldiers of the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth S. R. Sailly, of
New York, praying that the pension granted to
her as the widow of Captain Samuel L. Russell,
of the Army, may be continued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to present the petition of
John S. Wilson, a citizen of the State of Alabama,
formerly a citizen of the State of Missouri, asking
to be reimbursed the amount of purchase money
of a section of land entered by him in the land
office at St. Louis, with the interest accruing
thereon. He entered this land, itappeais, in 1822,
and was afterwards divested of his right by one
claiming under a Spanish grant. The title, it ap-
pears, was afterwards confirmed by the Suprane
Court of the United States. Under these circum-
stances he asks to be reimbursed the amount of
the purchase money and interest. I ask that the
petition maybe referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. CLAY also presented a petition of citizens
of Tuscumbia and its vicinity, in the State of Ala-
bama, praying that the compensation of the post-
master and the clerks in the post office in that town
may be increased; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
THE MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I am desired to pre-
sent to the Senate the proceedings of a public
meeting, held in the city of New York, to express
the opinions of those citizens adverse to the enact-
ment by Congress of any act repealing the Mis-
souri compromise. The meeting was numerously,
and most respectably attended. From respect to
the parties who participated in that meeting, and
the great importance of the subject, I desire that
the proceedings may be read.
The Secretary was proceeding to read the pro-
ceedings 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no particular objec-
tion to the reading of these resolutions. I have
read the proceedings of that meeting, and I pre-
sume every Senator has read them. "What I wish
to suggest is, that if we are to have all petitions
and memorials read at length, the whole day will
be consumed. Why should we make an excep-
tion in this case to the general rule? As I have
said, I have no particular objection to the reading
of this memorial; but this course is a departure
from the usage of the Senate on this subject. I
prefer that the established usa^e shall be adhered
to. If I present any memorials on the other side,
I shall not ask to have them read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) Does the Senator object to the
reading of the memorial?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I object to this departure
from the rules of the Senate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be on allowing the memorial to be read.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the yeas and nays on
this subject, but they were not ordered.
The question being taken, the Senate refused to
allow the paper to be read.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN" ANT) REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeisin the ca<e of Wil-
liam Field, clerk of the United Suites do-'tnet court (or Ar-
kansas, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
OtJercrf, That the petition and accompanying papers of
Elizabeth Marsh, onlv child of Lieutenant Jonathan Met-
calt\ bo withdrawn from the files of the Senate, andiefuned
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ca«e of Par-
sey Elmore be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
William P. Ackers and Julia Ackeis, legal repre-
sentatives of William Yool, asked to bedischaiged
from its further consideration, in order that the
petition and papers mi^ht be presented in the
House of Representatives; which was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the set-
tlement of certain public accounts.
Mr. BADGER gave notice of h is intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making an appropria-
tion for the removal of obstructions at the mouth
of Cape Fear river.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,
the Senate resumed the consideration of the special
order of the day, being the bill to organize the
Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. DIXON addressed the Senate, and in the
