1902
THE COMGrftESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
volved upon the Secretary ofWarandan engineer
selected from the Army, and we have the guaran-
tee of their reputation against a failure.
There is another consideration. If we require
it to be subjected to contract, the end, in my
judgment, will be this: the contract will be let out
at a price for the superintendence all the time, to
the condemnation of the work, if it should not be
according to the contract. The contractors will
endeavor to make it at as little expense as pos-
sible; for in that will be found their profit. What
will be the result? If the work is done in a man-
ner not satisfactory to the engineer and Secretary
of War, the contractors will forfeit their contract,
and call upon Congress for relief.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If the Senator will
give way, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask, by general consent,
that I may be allowed to correct an omission in
one of the amendments which have already been
agreed to by the Senate. The amendment was:
To enable the Secretary of State to defray the expenses
of releasing from captivity among the Indians of Queen
Charlotte's Island.or so much thereof as may be necessary,
$2,500.
It omitted to state for the releasing of whom.
I propose to add " the crew and passengers of
the American sloop Georgiana."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There is another amendment,
. to which the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodhead] objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon that amendment which is to insert in the
bill the following:
To enable the Secretary of State to reimhurse to Edward
Kiddle such sums as shall he satisfactorily proved to have
been expended by him, or to which said Riddle may have
obligated himself on account of his official position at the
Industrial Exhibition at London, England, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary, $26,000 : Provided, That 110
portion of the payment made pro rata by contributors at
said exhibition shall be regarded as within this appropria-
tion.
Mr. BRODHE/VD. I do not understand why
this §26,000 is to be given to Mr. Riddle to reim-
burse him for expenses at the World's Fair, in
London. That was a gathering of contributors,
inventors, and gentlemen, who wished to display
themselves in London. Some of them sent a me-
morial here a year or two ago, presenting a claim
to be paid' for the transporting of their goods as
merchandise to London, for the purpose 6f ex-
hibiting them there, and I made a report against
it from the Committee on Claims. Now, itseems
that Mr. Riddle, by virtue of his official position
at this industrial fair, in the city of London, is to
be reimbursed. What official position did he
hold? Where is the law under which he was ap-
pointed to that official position Who appointed
him ? Who gave him an official position ? Cer-
tainly we had no law on the subject that I know
of; and if this gentleman desired to assume the
liability to help other people there, I do not know
that he has any more claim on Congress than any
■ other citizen who becomes indebted to his neigh-
bors through an act ofliberality. [ may be wrong
in these views. I hope I am. But such is the im-
pression that I have received in regard to the
claim.
I do not know what official position he could
hold. Ceitainly he did not hold one by virtue of
any law. I understand that the fair was a volun-
tary thing, and why we should pay Mr. Riddle
$26,000,1 do not well understand, ltmay be that
there is a good reason for it. If there is, 1 should
like to hear it., Who recommends the appropria-
tion? Does any head of a Department assume
the responsibility of it? If we pay this, we must
pay all other contributors to that fair, and I know
■a good many of them. Those whom I reported
against, from the Committee on Claims two years
ago, of course must come forward and have their
claim allowed. If I am wrong in these views, I,
-of course, will withdraw all objection.
Mr. PEARCE. There is another member of the
Committee on Finance whom I do not see in his
place, who could give a better explanation of this
-amendment than I can; but I desire to say this:
When the Industrial Exhibition at London was
proposed, the United States were invited to co-
operate, and a communication in relation to it
was made by the British authorities to our Exec- j
utive. The President was without power to adopt I
any effectual measure on the part of this Govern-1
ment; but as far as he had authority he suggested
that certain persons should be named as a sort
of central commission. That suggestion was
promptly carried out, I think, by the Secretary
of State designating the members of the central
commission. Afterwards the Governors of differ-
ent States appointed State commissioners, and Mr.
Riddle received his appointment to act as com-
missioner to represent America at this industrial
exhibition. The Government went so far as to
authorize a national ship to transport the pro-
ducts of American exhibitors to England, but
made no provision for the necessary expenses,
which I suppose every Senator is aware were de-
frayed by other Governments, whose subjects or
citizens exhibited their products. Some of them,
I believe, provided very liberally, one as much as
$100,000; and no other Government, whose pro-
ducts were exhibited, gave less than $30,000.
Well, sir, when the American goods arnved in
London, it was found that it was expected from
the United States that they should furnish the
means of fitting up in proper style that portion of
the Crystal Palace which was appropriated for
the exhibition of American goods. There were
no funds on hand to do this. There was no public
functionary vested with authority to do it. Under
these circumstances, Mr. Peabody, the American
banker in London, advanced the sum of $20,000,
which was expended; and Mr. Riddle also ad-
vanced, I believe, a considerable sum, the whole
amount being about $26,000.
Now, sir, it is not proposed by this appropri-
ation to pay Mr. Riddle any salary for his ser-
vices. It is simply proposed to advance so much
moneyas will repay the generous individuals who,
for the interest and honor of their country, ad-
vanced the money which was necessary to fit up
the portion of the Crystal Palace appropriated for
the exhibition of American products, and to pay
certain expenses charged by the Government of
Great Britain. There were certain fees and
charges made by that Government rather unex-
pectedly, I think, to the American commissioner
and exhibitors. A portion of the contributors also
advanced money, I suppose according to the value
of the articles which they exhibited. It is not pro-
posed to reimburse them anything; but this prop-
osition is simply to reimburse these individuals
who advanced the money necessary to enable our
countrymen to participate in the exhibition. As
my friend from Noith Carolina suggests, these
gentlemen had nothing to exhibit for themselves;
but they made these advances merely for the credit
and honor of the country, which must have suf-
fered if, after giving the national sanction to it so
far as to send a national vessel to England with
the goods, the means had not been furnished to
fit up a portion of the Crystal Palace to exhibit
them in. I think if the Government had been
aware of the matter, it would scarcely have re-
fused at the time to give the necessary funds for
the purpose of exhibiting specimens of American
ingenuity, skill, and industry to the best advant-
age, in this competition of industrial art with the
principal nations of the Old World, who were rep-
resented in London; and it does seem to me that
we should, for the credit of the nation, as we did
not make the appropriation a't the time, do what
is asked of us now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall ask for the yeas
and nays upon this amendment. I cannot agree
to it. These gentlemen went there voluntarily,
and why we should pay them for exhibiting their
goods, wares, and merchandise, I cannot see.
They certainly had a motive for doing it. But,
sir, patriotism is brought up here. Do you sup-
pose that these inventors, wealthy men, who went
to display themselves about the World's Fair, went
there out of pure patriotism alone, to maintain the
honor of the country ? Sir, if the honor of the
country were dependent upon that, I do not think
it would be worth much, or that it would bejjwch
sustained. They went for the purpose of pffvate
gain. I take it that they were no better or worse
than other people. They exhibited their mer-
chandise and their inventions there; they had a
motive in doing it. I suppose it was a very good
motive. No doubt many of them sold their in-
ventions, or brought them prominently before the
public, by the exhibition of them.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator allow me to
repeat a suggestion which was made by the Sen-
ator from Maryland ? The'amendment does not
propose to pay any of the contributors one cent.
It is not proposed to pay any of the persons who
sent articles there to be exhibited. The state of
the case is this: They gent a national ship, which
the Government place#in a condition for thepur-
pose, with the articles which were to be exhibited.
When they arrived at London, it was found, in the
first place, that the British Government expected
the United States and all other nations to fit up the
portion of the Crystal Palace which was assigned
to the exhibition of their products respectively.
Well, there were all these articles taken over by a
national ship, and one of two things had to be
done: somebody must advance the money to fit
up the portion of the Crystal Palace which was
allotted to the United States, and in which were
to be exhibited the articles which were sent over
in a national vessel, or they must be brought back.
That was the state of the case; and now it is pro-
posed only to reimburse the persons who had no
more interest in the exhibition than the Senator
from Pennsylvania himself, the money advanced
by them to fit up that portion of the Crystal Pal-
ace. All other nations paid for fitting up the por-
tions assigned to them. The proposition is not
to pay the contributors to the exhibition, or the
owners of the articles exhibited. They are not to
be paid one penny.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Letus examine this state-
ment as now made by the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. It is the same that was made
by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Very well; and repeated
by the Senator from North Carolina. He says
all the other Governments fitted up certain places
in the Crystal Palace for the exhibition of their
articles. Our proportion is over $26,000; that of
England is $26,000; that of France, $26,000; and
soon. Thus you have a very handsome sum;
and yet every person who attended that Crystal
Palace paid, I believe, a pound, or something near
that, for admission. It was a private enterprise.
It was got up by gentlemen who wanted to make
money, as the Crystal Palace was got up in#ew
York.
Mr. BADGER. In vindication of the propriety
of this application, who built the Crystal Palace,
who let the Crystal Palace, and into whose pock-
ets the money went, are questions not to be con-
sidered. It is not proposed to pay them anything.
The proposition is to reimburse the sum of money,
which was advanced by American citizens in
London to fit up that portion of the Crystal Pal-
ace allotted to the United States, and those indi-
viduals had no concern in the building or in the
articles exhibited.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If these American cit-
izens—these patriotic citizens in London—chose
to be cheated, chose to suffer this corporation thus
to get $26,000 out of them after inviting them
there, without giving them notice that they had
to pay for fitting up apportion of the Crystal Pal-
ace, are we to reimburse it to them? Can this
thing be done with any propriety ? We are swell-
ing our appropriations to a very great amount. I
do not wish even to seem to be pertinacious against
any appropriation; but when it gets up to $26,000
in a case like this, I feel bound by my sense of
duty to resist it.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from North Carolina if the $26,000 were expend-
ed in improving the Crystal Palace in London?
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator will un-
derstand that when the Crystal Palace was built,
there were certain portions of its interior assigned
for the products of America, which were sent
there for exhibition. It was found, when the ar-
ticles were taken therefrom the various countries,
that each particular department had to be fitted up
with such interior arrangements as were necessary
to display the articles to the best advantage; and
the money was expended in doing that to the por-
tion of the palace which was assigned to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. DAWSON. For the benefit of the exhib-
itors ?
Mr. BADGER. They did not advance the
money to fit it up. Mr. Peabody and Mr. Rid-
dle advanced the money. So far as Mr. Peabody
advanced it, it was borrowed by Mr. Riddle, who
was then in charge of the American products,
and acting as commissioner. The money was bor-
