1854,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
~r.r ~ w. r.Tr
Government the power to make these reservations,
let the responsibility rest there. 1 do not desire
that the blood of these murdered Indians shall be
on my hands.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, there is from all
quarters a notion started that 1 do not exactly
comprehend. It seems to be conceded on all hands
that it would be the true policy of the Govern-
ment towards these Indians, and would be best for
them that the system which has already been com-
menced in California, should be continued. But
it has been suggested by both the Senators from
California, and also by the Senator from Virginia
and others, that it requires the assent of Califor-
nia to allow the continuance of this system. Now
I confess my inability to understand that objec-
tion. These lands were reserved by the Govern-
ment of the United States from sale. The public
lands of California belong to this Government.
The Government reserved, for military purposes,
so many thousand acres of land in this, that, and
the other portion of California. That the Gov-
ernment had a right to make such a reservation no
one will doubt, "Then, having a right to make
this reservation, does it requue the assent of the
State of California to allow us to place these In-
dians upon that reservation ? Senators concede
that if the State of California would ussentto this,
it is not only the true policy of the Government,
but it is true philanthropy towards the Indians.
Now, for my life I cannot understand by what
course of argument they make it out to he neces-
sary foi us to obtain the consentof Cahforniaat all.
Mr. WELLER. I ran put the Senator right.
It is exceedingly desiiabie, as a matter of course,
if you establish a military post on one of these
reservations, that the Federal Government should
exercise exclusive jurisdiction. Now, I said that
that exclusive jurisdiction could not be obtained
by the Federal Government without the assent of
the Legislature of California. I do not doubt
that, if the General Government, owns land, it can
go into that State and place the Indians upon it;
but it cannot get exclusive jurisdiction without the
consent of the State.
Mr. PRATT. I certainly understood that it
would not have exclusive jurisdiction; but what,
after ail, is that-5 Why, if parties on these reser-
vations should commit any offense against the
laws of the State of California, they would be
tried and punished under the local law of the State;
that is all. Now, it is not material to us, it is not
material to the system, which the Senators say is
beneficial to both parties, that we -hould have
this exclusive jurisdiction. It would be just as
well for the Indians, that they should be tried by
the local courts of California, as that they should
be tried m the Federal courts, i do not, there-
fore, see that, for the beneficial purposes of the
reservations, there is any necessity for our having
exclusive jurisdiction over the territory.
The Senator concedes that if we have a ricjlit to
the land we can place the Indians there, and can
have them taught all the arts necessary i'~> enable
them to gain their own support. He concedes
that we have a right to do this without consulting
California about it. I am in favor of doing it. If
$200,000 be necessary for the purpose, let us vote
that amount. Do not let us, in the language of
the Senator from California, have the blood of
these murdered Indians upon our hands. Do not
let us permit it to be left to California to determine
whether they are to be murdered or not. It is the
duty of this Government to protect them. We
have placed them upon land belonging to us,
where, it is conceded, they are protected, and
where, it is conceded, they are taus?ht. Let us
give the necessary money. If $200,000 be needed
for the purpose, let us vote it; but let us keep the
Indians on our own land, and keep them beyond the
control of those who desire to inter/ere with them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Several Senators have suggested
that the vote last taken was not understood by the
Senate. The Chair will restate the question, and
again take the vote. The amendment, as offered
by the Committee on Indian AiYairs, provides for
the payment of £125,1)00. The Senator from
California [Mr. Weller) moves lo strike out
that sum, and insert $200,000.
The question being taken on this amendment to
the amendment, there were, on a division—ayes
16, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. BELL. I hesitated to vote in the affirm-
ative on this question after the suggestions which
have been thrown out, but I wish to ask honorable
Senators if it would nut be a very easy matter to
place this amendment in such a form as to be per-
fectly safe for the public interests? I do notunder-
standthat it is necessary to place this whole sum
of money at any one time at the disposal of the
i, superintendent.
|' Mr. WELLER. Certainly, it is not necessary;
i and I take it for granted the Department will not
I' pay over any portion of the money now appro-
i priated to the present superintendent, until he
j shall have accounted for the money he has already
!' received.
Mr. BELL. Would the Department place
£>200,000 at any one time at his disposal?
Mr. WELLER. No, sir, of course not.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment; and they were
ordered.
Mr. WALKER.. I wish to inquire precisely
on what amendment we are called upon to vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the
amendment of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] to the amendment of the committee to
strike out " $125,000" and insert " <.200,000."
Mr. WALKER. Then the Senate will under-
stand that it is on the mere proposition to increase
the amount reported by the committee.
Mr. WELLER. 1 have a remark to make in
answer to the suggestion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee. I understood from the Secretary of the
interior, that the whole amount of the preceding
appropriation was placed in the hands of the as-
sistant treasurer of the United States at San
Fiancisco. Instructions were then given to the
supeuiUendent not to draw over $20,000 at any
one time.
Mr. BELL. I consider that the officer here is
responsible, if he places the money m the hands
ot the superintendents improvidently; and as long
as we have confidence in him, I do not see any
gieat objection to increasing the sum a& now
p ropotifd.
Mr. DAWSON. I should be glad if the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs would
inform me how many Indians have been located
on the reservation m California for the purpose of
learning agriculture?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. According to the latest
reports of the superintendent—and I may refer to
a private letter which I have from him, which I
received about the commencement of the session
—there die about two thousand three hundred
Indians on the reserve near the Tejon Pass. That
is the only reserve which has been located under
the authority of the law of last year, which al-
lowed five to be located. The superintendent has
succeeded m locating but one, in consequence of
the difficulty of finding as large an amount of the
public domain in any one body as would makeup
twenty-live thousand acres. On that one reserve
he hps congregated about two thousand three hun-
dred Indians, and opened last year some seven or
eight hundied acres to cultivation, and he expects
to have between two thousand and two thousand
five hundred acres m cultivation this year.
Mr. DAWSON. We appropriated $250,000
at the last session of Congress to remove and
subsist these Indians, and start them in the arts of
agriculture. Two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars is a ve'-y large sum of money to appropriate
to make a commencement of a system; and now,
without any report, satisfactory to this body, for
I have seen none, we are asked to make an addi-
tional appropriation of §.200,000, making alto-
gether $450,000.
Mr. BELL. Not for this one reservation.
Mr. DAWSON. But for another reservation.
Mr. BELL. For others.
Mr. DA WSON. We are now in the month of
May, and of course there can be no arrangement
save clearing, or something of that kind, during
the remainder of this year; yet now we are called
upon to make this appropriation when we have
no data, no statement upon the part of the vigilant
officer engaged in the disbursement of the money,
showing u.> the necessity of making a further
appropnation.
Sir, this is a great system which we are trying, ;
and we are met, in the beginning, with what is ,
called a constitutional question, a States' right ;
question, as to whether we can take lands in the
heart of a sovereign State and set them off for the
Indians in reservations of twenty-five thousand
acres. There may be citizens who own the soil
under the laws of Mexico when California be-
longed to that nation; and are we to surround
those people with Indians? Are we to plant In-
dians directly in their midst without any consult-
ation with them, and give to the Indians a title in
the lands around these white people? Sir, this is
a great movement which we are making.
The chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs states a J act which is no doubt true, that it
is difficult to find a body of land sufficient to place
these people upon; and why? There is an abund-
ijanceof land, but it is taken up by-prior titles,
!; hence the embarrassment arising out of the very
■! mode and manner of appropriating the public
; lands. We are too precipitate in this matter.
I These Indians have been there through all time,
l so far as we have any knowledge. They came
i into this country with that portion of it which ie
known as California. They weie subsisting there,
and were maintaining themselves as occupants of
the soil. Has the Government of the United
States destroyed their occupant right ? Has it
j! diiven them fiom the position which they occu-
,1 pied ? t-Ias this been done by the power of this
,! Government? If not, has it been done by the
ji power of the State government of California* Not
at all.
\\ But, sir, these Indians are said to be strays and
!■ waifs upon the land. Why, they are just as they
ij were when we found them. The soil is just as it
!' was when we took it, and they ore entitled now
to all the rights which they enjoyed then. We
propose now to subsist them by large appropria-
tions annually from the Federal Treasury, when
there are their lauds and their hunting grounds,
when there are the gold mines of the country, in
which they can dig if they choosc. If they can
labor in the soil for agricultural purposes, they
can certianly labor in the mines; but yet we are
making an appropnation to convince these people
that they need not labor, that they are the wards
of the Government, and that they will be subsisted
from the Treasury without the necessity of labor
on their part. This is the education which we are
giving them, an education well calculated to de-
stroy them, and debar them from all progress
whatever.
The Senator from New York has mentioned the
course which his State has pursued towards the
Indians that are there. They have been settled
for the last seventy-five years immediately within
the limits of that State; but instead of prospering,
they are dwindling in numbers. It is true that
some of them are intelligent and learned men now,
but the tribes are dwindling away every day.
Now, sir, my idea on this question is, tnat w*
had better not make another appropriation, but
wait until we can understand this matter well;
and whenever we are about to determine this sys-
tem, we should recollect that it will have to be
applied to Nebraska and Kansas, and the other
Territories of this country; we should fix it by
a separate and independent bill, on which we can
act undeistandingly. Let Congress know fully
the effect of the measure. Lft us not do all our
important legislation connected with the Indian
tribes, or any other portion of our people, by
provisions in our appropriation bills,
I will go as far as any friend uf California can
desire to put these people in a condition where
they shall be peaceful, but I do not want to do it
by an act of legislation which will be oppressive
to a portion of the people of California. If J were
a citizen of that State, I would neversubmit to thp
Government crowding these people permanently
around my home. It is a dangerous question to
handle; and the rights of the State and of th*
people of that State ought to be considered. Cali-
fornia is one of the finest States of this Union;
and are not the California Indians as intelligent as
the Chinese? The Chinese go there by thousands,
delve in the mines, and make fortunes; and yet
we are telling our California Indians, t{ Do not
labor in the mines, but go and settle on a piece of
land, and tiy to learn agriculture." Why take
them from the grubbing hoe and the spade, and
from the mines, where they might have made
money? Why not encoui&ge them to go to the
diggings and make money by working for them-
selves, or hiring their services to others p Why
tell them, "No, no; do not labor; we will gather
you together and appropriate money to buy
