838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
tlemen, statesmen, and Senators should have en-*
tirely changed their ground, and assigned no reason
for the change? Within less than twenty days
afterwards they get the bill recommitted to them-
selves, but they have made no additional report.
They do not teil us why they have changed their
minds, or that any extraordinary occurrence has
authorized the change which has been made in the
amended bill, which now contains the very pro-
vision which they before stated they carefully re-
frained from touching. But, sir, notwithstanding
their extraordinary silence, they have discovered
that the legislation of 1850 had, in some mysterious
manner, superseded the most stern and stubborn
law of Congress, which was formed upon a com-
promise as sacred as could be made between con-
flicting sections of this Union, and concurred in on
all hands for at least one third of a century; and
yet they flippantly tell us that it is all overturned,
all superseded by the compromise legislation of
1850, and hence they embodied this provision in
their bill, and ask for its passage. Now, as a
lawyer, 1 hardly know what a man means when
he tells me that an act of legislation is superseded
by a principle. 1 thought it took an act of Con-
gress to repeal, or annul, or suspend, a former act.
I did not understand how that could be done by a
principle. I do not know, however, but there may
be some new means discovered by which a stub-
born law of Congress—one of the most solemn
acts of legislation, hardly less solemn than the
Constitution of the United States itself—may be
annulled, and repealed,and suspended, by a princi-
ple which some gentlemen pretend to have found
in the legislation of 1850, called 44 the compro-
mise^' legislation in which not a single principle
can be made out, as I will attempt, very soon, to
show. ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can save the gentleman the
necessity of arguing upon a point upon which he
is evidently laboring under a misapprehension. 1
stated distinctly, the other day, that my position
was: That so far as the country covered by the
Missouri compromise was embraced within the
limits of Utah and New Mexico, the acts of 1850,
in regard to those Territories, rendered the Mis-
souri compromise inoperative, and that so far as
the territory covered by the Missouri compromise
was not embraced in those acts, it was superseded
by the great principle then established. In other
words, I contend that by the acts of 1850 a great
principle of self government was substituted for a
geographical line; and hence, by the use of the
words superseded by," I mean which was " in-
consistent with" the compromise of 3850. If the
gentleman prefers the words " inconsistent with,"
I will put them in with a great deal of pleasure,
and that will avoid all the trouble in regard to the
use of the word u supersede."
Mr.WADE. The Senator made a verysimple
declaration in his speech upon this point, and I
have it here. After all the verbiage of the speech
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, it is sum-
moned up finally in one idea, and he says so him-
self. He says upon this point:
" tfir, In order to avoid any misconstruction, T will stato
more distinctly what my pi eei*e idea w upon this point. So
tar as the Utah and New Mexico tails included the terutory
which had form subject to the Missouri cuni)nomi=-e pro-
vision, to that extent they absolutely annulled the Missouri
compromise. As to the unorganized territory not covered
by those bills, it was superseded by the principles of the
compromise ol 1830. We all know that the object of the
compioniise measures of 185U was to e  fabl!>h certain great
principles, which would avoid the slaveiy agitation in all
time to come. Was our object simply to provide lor a tem-
porary evil?" See.
That, he says, was his precise idea. It was that
the Missouri compromise was annulled to the ex-
tent to which Congress, in running the boundary
lines of New Mexico and Utah, might take for the
sake of convenience any littfe piece of territory
which was covered by the Missouri compromise.
That certainly was a truism; but (he idea that the
acts to organize Utah and New Mexico repealed
or superseded the Missouri compromise as to the
remainder of the territory acquired by the Louisi-
ana cession, is an idea from winch I am glad to see
that the gentleman now recedes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all.
Mr. WADE. Well, the Senator snys he does
not recede fiom his former position. What does
he mean, then, by saying that the Missouri com-
promise was superseded by the principles of the
compromise measures of 1850 ? Suppose you run
a line with your neighbor, and the line has become
uncertain, and in order to straighten it yon run
another, and in running this other line may pos-
sibly take in a little land that belonged to him, or
you may leave out a little belonging to yourself; but
you make a line, and then after you straighten it,
if you find you entered wrongfully on his land, the
principles of running that line superseded his title
to the balance, and therefore you can lay title to
the whole of his land, if I understand the gentle-
man; for he says he does not recede from the po-
sitions taken in his bill—not in his report, for it is
said there he never would give such an opinion.
He informed us, in the report, that there was a
matter too grave even for Congress to decide, and
much too grave for a committee, and therefore
they would not do H; and yet in nineteen days
afterwards they come in with what is equivalent
to a total repeal of the compionuse.
Now, Mr. President, I want to know if that act
was superseded, if that legislation was inconsistent
with this, or if it furnished any occasion — when
all sections of the country are at peace, when
everything is processing to the satisfaction of all,
and a state of entire good feeling between all sec-
tions happens to exist—for throwing a firebrand
in here at this time? 1 know not what the mo-
tive can be. 1 care but little what it is. The dele-
terious effects of this attempt to repeal that com-
promise will be felt, not only now, but l"tig after
the present generation are m their graves*.
I will not answer for the consequences of the
legislation of this day, sir; but I anxiously desire to
inquire if nothing can be established in this Gov-
ernment? Is thtre nothing too sacred to be over-
hauled for some miserable party or other -rpose ?
Who was it that had the settlement of . e Mis-
souri compromise at the time it was made ? Was
it done by statesmen inferior to those of the
present generation ? I think not; for there were
giants in those days, as great as those of the
present. There, sir, stood John C. Calhoun in the
Cabinet, advising upon that act. There, too, was
Mr. Crawford, and there was Mr. John Cluincy
Adams. 1 think that they might, with reason-
able propriety, be adjudged to comprehend the
work they were doing.
Again I say to my friends from the South, who
with me have fought many a political battle
shoulder to shoulder—though far distant from
each oihei—who have triumphed in a mutual
triumph—even though we failed to elect your
great chief, [leferring to Mr. Clay,] when we
attempted to elevate him, as he deserved, to the
highest office in the world, that he, too, took part
m this compromise, and I am mortified to see
that his successors here are endeavoring to blot
out the work that his patriotism had performed.
Why, sir, he is scarcely in his grave before an-
other generation comes up that knows not what
he had done, and some even pretend that in what
he himself did, in 1850, he seemed to concede that
the compromise of 1820 was not to be lived up to.
I was not here in 1850, but [ have read the de-
bates of that period, and I have endeavored to
inform myself on that subject; and 1 tell the gen-
tlemen, notwithstanding nil they may argue and
all they may say on this subject, there is not a
word, nor asyllable, thatgoes to indicutethat any
one supposed that anything was done then to
overthiow the time-honored compromise of 1820.
Not one word, sir; but, on the contrary, if they
could recur to this compromise, they indorsed it
and reaffirmed it in 1850 beyond all gainsaying.
No doubt of it. Sir, I was amazed when 1 heatd
the chairman of this committee stand forth here,
and pretend that in some manner the legislation of
1850 had superseded the compromise of ]8'20,
and that the Missouri line was blotted out, or re- ■
pudiated; when, on the contrary, so careful were
they in all their legislation not to tourh it at all,
that they leterrea to it in terms, and reconfirmed |
and iestablished it. I will not take up the time !
of the Senate by reading that provision, although ;
I have it here, for 1 presume every one has read
it. By the resolutions annexing Texas, the Mis-
souri compromise line was alluded to, and in
terms maintained. The provision was, that in the
territory above 360 30' there should be neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude, except for the
commission of crime. Those resolutions expressly
relerred to the line of 36°30' as the Missouri com-
promise line. Then to make assurance doubly
sure, in the compromise bill organizing New
Mexico, that legislation is referred to, and it is j
said there shall be nothing so construed as to im-
pair that clause. So far, then, from overturning
it,'or superseding it in any possible way, they
most deliberately turn their attention to it, and for
fear any construction of the kind might bedrawn,
such as the Senator now sees fit to draw, they
made a stern provision against it.
But, sir, I need not refer further to the speech
of the Senator from Illinois. My colleague [Mr.
Chase] so entirely pulverized that speech that
there is not enough of it left upon which a man
can possibly hang an idea. [Laughter.] In fact,
there was nothing to begin with; and surely there
is nothing left of it, It was a bare afterthought,
permit me to say. After the report of the com-
mittee had been made, and the bill had been al-
tered, it was necessary to get up some other reason
or pretext than was set forth in the report, in order
to show why it was proposed to repeal the Mis-
souri compromise. 1 do not like to be uncharita-
ble—I do not like to be compelled to argue in that
way; but when I see these crooked tracks, what
inference can I draw? Most assuredly, that the
committee had no determinate,, settled purpose as
to the necessity of altering this compromise when
they first reported. They had no good and suffi-
cient reason to propose a repeal of it; for if they
had they would have said so at once. Now, how
are we to view this matter? Can we view it in
any other light?
Here is a Territory large as an empire; as large,
I believe, as all the free States together. It is pure
as nature; it is beautiful as the garden of Grod.
There is nothing now to prevent us doing with it
what will minister to the best interests of the peo-
ple now and hereafter. Our forefathers expressed
their opinion as to what was best to be done with
it. They believed it should be fenced up from the
intrusion of this accursed scourge of mankind,
human slavery. They have done this effectually
in this Territory. Shall we undo their work ?
The southern States have had the benefit of the
Missouri compromise, and I now appeal to my
•southern Whig friends whether we of the North
did not pledge our constituents that you were
honorable men; that you would stand by all the
guarantees of the Constitution, and all the duties
which properly devolve upon you; and that,above
all, the chivalry of the South would never be at-
tempted, by any fancied or real interest, to abandon
the terms of any compact, when they had received
the benefit on their side, and when its terms re-
main to be fulfilled by them.
This is a doctrine which I have frequently
preached. My amazement was very great when
I heard that any of these gentlemen were in coun-
cil with the enemy. I feared that something had
taken place which ought not to have taken place.
I felt strong in hefirt to appeal to them against any
fancied interest which they might conceive them-
selves to have, for their duty is plain arid palpa-
ble. Did not our foiefathers make a compact?
Did they not make it after n fearful struggle which
was dangerous to this Union? I say, was there
not such a compact made? And in the whole his-
tory of our legislation, I appeal to you, has there
ever been one more sacred or more binding upon
you? Have you, southern Senators, not had the
full benefit of it? Have you not enjoyed it now
for thirty years ? Has any northern man stepped
forward to impair your rights in that compromise?
No, sir, it is not pretended; and now the period is
drawing: near when that part of this great bar-
gain which is beneficial to us at the North is ap-
proachWg, and I call upon you as honorable men
to fulfili'it. Shrink not from it. Do not tell me
that your constituents will not sanction you in
doin£ what you know to be right. I believe that
your constituents are honorable men. I believe
they will understand the motives which impel you
to do your duty, notwithstanding you misrht have
some faneied influence the other wav. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Dixon] told us that this
came from the North, and therefoie the South
were absolved from their obligation. I must say
I think you understand well that the North know
nothing about this base conspiracy to betray
them. When did if come up ? Did you let it £0
before the people, 'hat they might pass upon the
question? Why, sir, in "the'Presidential elec-
tion, triumphant ns the Democracy were, I ask
any gentleman of the North, suppose you had
staked the election of Mr. Pierce upon this ques-
tion, how many votes could he have received in
