1854,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
Mr. GWIN. Now my amendment is in order.
The Senator IVom Wisconsin, and other Senators,
have said that it proposes to abandon the system
of reservation. I wish the Secretary to read it,
to show that they are mistaken.
The Secretary read the amendment. It is to
strike out of the amendment reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs all after the word
" California," and insert after the word " sub-
sistence," the words "and settlement;" and add
after "California," the words " and preserving
peace with said Indians;" so that the amendment
shall read:
For defraying the expenses of continuing the removal,
subsistence, and settlement of Indians in California, <tmi
for preserving peace with said fruhans, $200,000.
Mr. GWIN. Now, Mr. President, it is at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior to con-
tinue these settlements after this plan. I want to j
give him the entire power. 1 want him to have i
the control of this fund, for ihe purpose, in Ins
judgment, of benefiting the Indians and the peo-
ple of California to the greatest possible extent. 1
M y whole object is to have the appropriation made
as efficient as possible to do good, without tiarn- \
melmg it too much by legislation.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I paid gome attention to ;
the reading; of the amendment to the amendment,
and I think the effect of it is obviously miscon- ,
ceived by the Senator from California; and I know ;
that my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Huxter,J j
who made some remarks mther m favor of it, mis- j
conceives its object, it in\olves, I think, une- 1
quivocally, a clear abandonment of the system
adopted at the last Congress; and if it is adopted,
all the provisions of the amendment of the com-
mittee conferring authority on the President to
make reservations at all, are abandoned; all re-
striction as to the quantity of the reservations
is abandoned: all the provisions authorizing the
superintendent to buy out the conflicting titles of
claimants oil the reserves are abandoned, cuul yon
will have the system just as it was before—ut sea,
without compass or rudder, for th« guidance oi the
superintendem. it may not be the object of the
Senator from California to destroy the system; but
I am certain that it is the inevitable effect of his
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. 1 desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee, before
the question is put on the proposition of my col-
league. I move to strike out" twenty-tivc," and
insert " ten," so that the amendment will read
said reservations not to contain less than five,
nor more than ten thousand acres." I do not
know how the reservations were originally fixed 1
at twenty-five thousand acres, 1 Mm very sure it .
never received the sanction of my judgment. At
the host session 1 endeavored to fix the maximum ■
at ten thousand acres, and supposed that the pro-
vision in that form had passed the Senate; hut ■
afterwards, on an examination of the Saw, i dis-
covered to my astonishment, thai the Executive
was authorized to make the reservations extend to
twenty-five thousand acres.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will not be now in order, unless the pending
amendment, offered by ihe colleague of the Sena-
tor to the amendment of the committee, be with- 1
drawn.
Mr. GWIN. J withdraw it for the present, 1
for that purpose.
Mr. Weller's amendment to the amendment
was agreed-to.
Mr. GWIN. I now renew my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 either do not understand ■
the amendment proposed by the Senator from -
California, or I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs does not. I do not un- :
derstand it to be an abandonment of the policy of ;
reservations, but as leaving it discretionaiy with i
the Secretary of the interior whether he will ex-
pend the money upon the reservations, or m Rome ,
other mode. It may be—imd it was to meet that j
contingency that the amendment to the tunend- 1
merit was offered—that, owing to the action of '
California, or other circumstances, it may hp
found that we cannot carry out the policy of res- '
ervations. If so, something must be done with
the Indians; some provision must be made for
them; we cannot tell in what shape it ought to be
made, and the best disposition of the matter seems
to be to leave it at the disposal of the Secretary of
11 the Interior. There is a word inserted in the
j amendment to the amendment with an express
I; view to enable him to carry on the plan, if it
|j should turn out to be practicable and best to con-
j! tinue the reservation, viz; the word "settlement."
I! it is true it does not force him to expend the money
j! in carrying out the policy of reservations and in
11 no other way; and it seems to me that if would
■ I be improper to do so, because it may turn out that
!! he cannot carry out the policy. The State of Cal-
if ifornia may interpose and object. It may be, too,
![ that when he obtains more information, he may
i( find that the system has not worked as well as
Jj some are inclined to think it has done. Ali these
things are uncertain; and in view of this uncer-
tainty, and in order to obtain a practicable pro-
vision, one which may be established in any state
of the case, I have thought that it was best to
! concur with the Senator from California, and leave
!1 this discretionary.
Suppose, sir, the State of California should re-
fuse to cede the jurisdiction; suppose she should
interpose other objections; what can be done
with the appropriation under the amendment
!, of the committee? Nothing; no provision can
■ be made foi the Indians. Suppose, on the other
;■ hand, it should turn out that the Secretary of the
j Interior may be able to make some other pro-
vision wirh the State of California for taking care
;i of them—something short of the cession of the
i! absolute jurisdiction—some arrangement with her
I' bv which, with the concurrent action of the State
1 and General Governments, some provision may be
made for the Indians—would it not be better to
leave him the power and authority to do so, and
not confine him to one mode, and one mode only ?
1 I do not understand this as forcing the abondon-
ii merit of the reservations.
! Mr. SEBASTIAN. I believe it is the inten-
tion of the Senator from California, as I am sure
it is that of the Senator from Virginia, to confer
1 noon the Department £ choice of systems, and
not a compulsory abandonment of one without the
adoption of anything in its stead; but by reading
the amendment to the amendment, you will see
that so much is stricken out that the bare insertion
of the word "removal" does not save the old
1 system at all. I will state to the Senate why it is
compulsory abandonment of the old system.
: Superintendent Beale states in his report, that
he has been unable to make the five reservations
■ contemplated by law, because he could find no
portion of the country in which there were notin-
tervenmgpo many preemption and Mexican claims,
that lie could not make the reservation out of the
public domain of sufficient size at all; and we must,
of necessity, abandon the system, unless we
greatly reduce the size of the reservations, and
authorize him to purchaseup the conflicting claims.
Therefore, if we make no provision giving him
authority to buy up the conflicting claims, and re-
quiring the cession of jurisdiction by the State of
California overtnese, you will cut him off from
the use of the reservations, except the one which
lie now has, because all that part ot the amend-
ment which makes provision for the removal of
these obstacles is proposed to be stricken out by
the amendment of the Senator from California.
In that wny it works as an abandonment of the
system, because it confers no power for the re-
moval of the obstacles which are in the way.
Mr. HUNTER. WtU my friend ailow me to
ask him a question ? Does not the amendment of
the Senator from California give the Secretary of
the Interior general authority to do all this? Does
it not give it to him, not specifically, butgeneially:
Under this amendment he would have the author-
ity, as i understand it, to continue the reserva-
tions, if he found that policy to be the best and
most practicable.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the term "settlement,"
by force of the words employed, gives the general
authority to make reservations and buy up the
lands of individuals, and obtain the cession of
jurisdiction from the State of California, if it em-
braces all this complicated idea, then the Senator
ip rifjht.
Mr. GWiN. There are acts on the statute-
book in connection with this system, and ihe ob-
ject is to give as enlarged a power to the Secretary
of the Interior as possible, to continue the system,
if that is best. But if he cannot get the consent
i of California, (for it will, of course, be optional
: with that State, and there is no evidence yet that
that consent will be refused; we have no such
evidence, because there has been no legislation on
the subject,) and cannot adopt the system, we
ought to give him a discretion, eo that he may go
on and prevent the Indians there being destroy-
ed.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the amendment of the
honorable Senator from California will not be
agreed to. The result of it will not only be an
abandonment of what I regard as the only means
of preserving the Indians, but it will be introdu-
cing another and new system in that section of the
country, which will lead, in my-judgment, to a
much larger expenditure, and no good will be
accomplished by it. With regard to the mooted
question of jurisdiction, in my judgment it amounts
to nothing. Gentlemen, I think, are alarmed
without cause upon that subject. The Constitu-
tion of the United States gives Congress the right
to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes. That is all the jurisdiction that is neces-
sary. All the jurisdiction you want over one of
these reservation?, when you settle the Indians on
j them, is to keep out traders, persons who carry
| whisky, and injure and demoralize the Indians.
; That jurisdiction you have by the Constitution of
j the United States.
i There are two different systems which have
! prevailed on this continent in regard to the In-
| dians. The English Government recognized their
| right of occupancy, and treated with them, and
| purchased their lands. It was very good on prin-
ciple; but what has the practice shown > The
i Spanish Government, on the contrary, did not
I recognize the right of the Indians to the soil.
► They took possession of it when they chose, and
j did not recognize any right in wild Indian tribes
| to the soil. When they became civilized, they
; settled them down in pueblos, and admitted them
! to a kind of semi-citizenship. What has been
; the result of the honest principle on which we
1 started out to buy Indian territory? We have
: purchased Indian territory sometimes when it was
not needed, even at exorbitant prices; and we
' have given annuities, and what has been the re-
i suit5 Why, sir, it has fastened a set of vara-
! pires on the Indian*, a set of gentlemen who live
olf the Treasury of the United States. That is
j your policy. There are a few honorable excep-
; tions to it, but, as a general rule, that is your
; policy. The traders get around the Indians, and
! they must have annuities paid to the Indians.
! The result is that they do not work. They have
; done nothing ot all. The same system was com-
i menced in California. Appropriations were made
: for Indian purposes soon after California was
j admitted; and what was the result? Fifteen or
| twenty treaties were made with Jose Maria, and
i every Indian chief they could find inthemoun-
, tains, looking to the expenditure of millions of
j dollars in the way of annuities. Where would
! those annuities have gone, if the treaties had been
i agreed to ? Would they have been a benefit to
i the country 3 Not at all. Would they have bene-
i ft ted the Indians * Not at all. They would have
, benefited a few tradeis, a few vampires on the In-
I diana—men who are >eady here, with every ima-
, ginable eiann, to get appropriations which they
' can divide among themselves.
Then this other system was adopted, of making
an appropriation, and furnishing the Indianswith
stock, furnishing them with farming implements,
settling them down upon the land, and learning
, them to work for themselves. Now,-it is a mis-
take to suppose that Indians cannot learn to work.
The Choctaws, and various other nations, learn
j to work, and, as a general rule, they have almost
' as good farmers among them as we have. These
! Indians in California have gone and settled down
1 upon one of these reservations, and now do work.
I have good evidence for saying that they have
, now several thousand acres in cultivation. They
' have more land m cultivation now,and are raising
, more to live on at this moment, under this arrange-
ment, than I expected they would up to this time.
If you abandon this system, you will have twenty
tre'aties at the next session, providing annuities to
be paid out of the Treasury, and these annuities
, will give rise to great squabbles with the Indians
; and traders.
' Mr. PRATT. Before the vote is taken on the
1 amendmentofthe Senator from California, I desire
i to offer an amendment. I ask the Senate to agree
| to strike out this proviso:
