1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
forniahad a State government, she was recog-
nized by this Government as nothing but a Terri-
tory. She was a poition of the territory of the
United States outside of any State organization.
Mr. CASS. Or territorial organization either.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; she was left without a
territorial or State government. There is an-
other thing in connection with this matter. There
was a de facto government established m Cali-
fornia after the peace, which existed up to the
time the State government was organized, and
the Government of the United States, out of the
" civil fund," which we claimed, but which has
been paid into the Treasury of the United States
paid every dollar of the expenses of the de
facto government. That claim was recognized I
by act of Congress, and this provision was re- j
ported at the same time. That bill proposed to j
pay the civil fund into the Treasury; and if con- j
tamed a provision for the payment of $300,000 as |
an outfit, as it was called by the Senator from j
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] to the State of Cali- j
fornia, for the expenses of the State Government j
from the time of its organization until California j
was admitted into the Union. Upon the organi- ;
zation of the State government, the miluary au- j
thoruies ceased to pay the governments! expenses. '
The de facto government went out of existence j
when the State government was organized. The i
actual expense during the period intervening be- ;
tween the State organization and our admission ■
into the Union, as officially communicated to Con- ;
gress, was ^437,000; so that this amount will '
really not cover the expenses of the State by :
#137,000. 1
Mr. GEYER. I do not desire to prolong this ,
debate, and 1 am very much disinclined at any i
time to occupy the attention of the Senate, anu j
particularly at this period of the session; but it j
seems to me that this is an appropriate occasion to j
test the principle, whether the expenses of a gov- ;
ernment not previously organized by a law of the 1
United States, are to be borne out of the Treasury i
of the United States. The territorial governments .
to which I have alluded were all governments im- ,
posed upon the people by the Congress of the j
United States, and ar, the same time they made
no provision whatever for the support of those :
governments. California is a c;u>e in which a ;
Slate government was organized by the people
themselves, and with which the Government of i
the United States had nothing to do. Now, sir, :
what I contend for is, that if the people of Cali- 1
forma are entitled to be paid out of the national !
Treasury the expenses of a government organ-
ized by themselves at their own will, then we,
whose Government was organized by the law of
the United States, and who were required to pay
out of our own Treasury the expenses of that
local government, are entitled to have the amount
of those expenses lefunded.
I merely wish to bring the minds of'Senators
to bear upon the question, because if this appro-
priation passes at some future day, the question
must be presented in regard to the States to which
I have referred. There are seven Stares interested
in it, and the amount is large. Missouri bore
her own expenses from the year 181*2, under the
second grade of government, down to the period
of her admission into the Union on the 10th of
August, 18*21. She never had a dollar of appro-
priation for a road during her territorial govern-
ment, There never was a dollar appropriated for
a library, or for a government house, or a prison,
as there has been m ?,11 the Territories since 1820.
"What f claim is, that when we shall have voted
to pay the expenses of a government organ.zed
by the people of California, we shall assume also
to pay the expenses of a government organized
by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. WELLER. There might be some force
in the remarks made by the Senator from Mis-
souri-, if it were not for the known fact that the
people of California were compelled to organize a
government. I think that is a much stronger case
than if Congress had established a territorial gov-
ernment for them. There was & part of the pnh-
lic domai n—a portion of the territory of the United
States. Onehandred thousand Americans had gone
there, knowing that it was a portion of Amenean
soil. They found themselves there without any
government. Two sessions of Congress were
permitted to pass without the organization of a
Territory there, i need not allude to the causes
which produced this result. They are well known !
to the country. It is enough for me to say, that such
was the state of things m the American Congress,
that this department of the Government utterly
failed to give what those American people were
entitled to—protection under an organized gov-
ernment. Now, sir, if this necessity did exist, if
the people were compelled, because of the failure
on your part to discharge your duties, to organize
a government, it seems to me that it presents a
much stronger case than if a territorial govern- !
ment had been organized in the first instance by j
Congress. ■
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, after the no-
tice which has been given to us by the honorable j
Senator from Missouri, 1 feel under some difficulty j
in regard to this appropriation. If we are to go !
back to make appropriations of this description 1
for ail the States and Territories, I suppose it must i
be something very unexpected to the Senate. At j
the same time, theie is justice in the remark made .
by one of the Senators from California, that that j
| State or Territory was for a considerable period j
\ of time unprotected by this Government, owing, j
i as both these Senators know well, to the fact that
| Congress refused to make any appropriation to
I enable the Executive Department to protect it.
j Now, sir, I should not like to vote on a ques-
i tion of this magnitude at this moment. I should
i like to have it in a separate bill. I am willing to
do justice. This is a question now sprung upon
| us, and 1 have not reflected on it before. 1 can
j see a distinction very clearly between this and
I other States and Territories, but at the same time I
; there is force in the remark of the Senator fiom s
! Missouri, that the other Governments to which \
] he referred were organized under law. I am '
i anxious to do justice to California, and I prefer ;
I that this matter should be presented in a separate :
i bill, so that we can have a fair understanding of j
it. I repeat, there was a period of tune when |
California was treated shamefully by the General j
Government, that Government being bound to
protect her, and not doing it; and, theiefore, 1 feel
disposed to be liberal to her; but i think this ;
j claim should be presented in a distinct bill. j
1 Mr. GWIN. I hope there will be no further j
S opposition to this amendment. It has passed the j
j Senate each of the last three years m this very ;
; form; and the reason it did not get through the !
1 House was, that theie was a contest between the
| State and the United Stales, m regard to the civil >
\ fund, winch has been decided in the Supreme ;
i Court against the claim of the State. 1 hope the i
| appropriation will be permitted to pass. ,
I Mr, CASS. I shall vote for tins appropriation '
| as I have done before, Simply on the ground that ;
'protection and taxat'on should go together. Ifj
! there is no protection, there should be no taxation; j
j and I think that is an extraordinary kind of gov- j
I ernment which exercises only one function, and [
j that the function of taxation. j
} Mr. BHODrTEAD. 1 have a suggestion or j
1 two to make about this amendment. I observe i
I that the Army appropriation bill contains an ap-
i propriation of unwards of $900,000 to pay the
I'California war debt; and we ha\e now under
1 consideration an item m this bill appropriating ,
■; §300,000 for the expenses of the State government ;
of California. 1 agreed to this proposition at the ;
■ iast sesbion, bat I agreed to it us a compromise. ,
I; I supposed that it wa*  a payment in full to Cal- j
j1 ifornia for the support of her government before
!i she was admitted into the Union, and since, i do
jj not exactly feel disposed to appropriate both sums,
I] and {think the representatives of California ought
ij to choose between the two. If we allow the
■■ $900,000 for the California war debt 
Mr. WALKER. What debt is it?
'] Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand it to be a
'i claim which the Srate of California sets up for ex-
i| pensp^ to which she was put in order to defend
: herself against the Indians. I wish to deal hber-
j' ally on this subject, and to come to some under-
'j standing in regard to it 8t this time, because if we
allow this item of $300,000 m the civil and diplo-
j-matic bill, it may endanger the item of $900,000 in
J the Army a "prom tauon J. >11 for the payment of the
California war debt, it is c.i'led. I wish to
'i herr what my friends from C.tMfornia have to say
i! upon the su'"jec'. I am willing to allow one
citim, but \ do not know that I can go for both.
Mr. WELLER. There is no sort of comiec- j
tioa between this appropriation and the one in the J
Army appropriation bill,to which the Senator from
Pennsylvania has alluded. The State of Califor-
nia claimed that all the revenue collected there
anterior to her admission into the Union, was col-
lected without the authority of law, and that the
civil fund, as it was called, which amounted to
§1,200,000, belonged to that State. Suits were in-
stituted m regard to it, and recently a decision has
been made by the Supreme Court here, declaring
that that fund belonged to the Federal Govern-
ment, that it was rightly and properly collected;
and, therefore, the State of California has no
longer any claim to it. At the last session of Con-
gress, the Senator from Pennsylvania, and several
other Senators, said they were willing to vote an
appropimtion of $300,000 by way of outfit to the
State of California in lieu of all her claims upon
that fund. The war debt which has been referred
to, is a debt that has been contracted by the State
of California since her admission into the Union,
in consequence of the failure of the Federal Gov-
ernment to provide the necessary troops to pro-
tect her people. It is well known that it is the
practice of this Government, whenever it is found
within the limits of a State that there are a large
number of Indians, without a sufficient force to
give protection to the people, to authorize the Gov-
ernor of the State to call out the militia to defend
the people, and the Federal Treasury is held liable
for the expenses thus incurred. This has always
been the practice of the Government. The war
claim to which the Senator has referred is, there-
foi e, a debt contracted by the State of California
since her admission into the Union, in calling out
her own people to give protection to person and
property when the Federal troops could not.
: Thus the Senator will discover that there is no
connection between the two cases. This appro-
priation of #300,000 is for the civil expenses of the
State of California, anterior to her admission into
the Union, upon the ground that if she had been
! a Territory, that sum would have been paid out of
the Federal Treasury. The war debt is for ex>
! penses incurred since her ad mission into the Union,
; for defending her people when the Federal Gov-
ernment could not do it. When the Army bill,
containing that appropriation of $900,000, comes
i before the Senate, there will be an obligation rest-
^ mg upon the Senators from California to satisfy
i the Senate that it is a just and fair demand on the
! Federal Treasury, and that the Federal Govern-
' ment did not have a sufficient force there to give
1 protection to the citizens, because we will not ask
! that the General Government shall pay two sets
' of men to do the same work. You have a rniH-
' tary force there; you are compelled to defray the
< expenses of that force; and you will be unwilling
i to pay the war debt of California until you are
satisfied that it was necessary for California to call
out her militia to supply that which the Federal
j troops could not. Of these facts we shall satisfy
I you.
■ Mr. BRODHEAD. There are one or two
' other facts which I think it proper to state in con-
, nection with these large items, and which ought to
be considered deliberately. I do not wish the
, Senators from California to infer, from anything i
have said, that I have made up a judgment against
the claim for the war debt of California. I have
not. But, sir, the Senator from California, who
has just taken his seat, informs us that this sum
' of §300.000 is for expenses of California while she
; was in the condition of a quasi territorial govern-
ment, upon the ground that the General Govern-
ment has been in the habit of paying the expenses
of all territorial governments. Now, let, us see
how the facts are. Have we not already paid
. these expenses? Did we not allow them in the
settlement of General Riley's-accounts ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
i Mr. BRODHEAD. I will state ail the facts,
; for I do not wish to misrepre^entany facts. We
! allowed General Riley, as 1 understood in the
, settlement of his accounts, the amount which he
' had disbursed for the payment of the expenses of
: the convention which assembled to form a con-
■ stitution. That was one item.
1 Mr. GWIN. That was before the State gov-
ernment wps organized. H was during the ex-
igence of the dt fuclo government.
Mr. "WELLER. it was during the military
i go-vernmei.t of General Riley, but it was alter he
turned the government over to the State authori-
■ ties that this debt was incurred; and it amounts
