1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S09
the North ? Not one. You gave us no notice of
any such thing. The people of the North, even
now, do not know what nefarious projects are
afoot here in the Capitol. You of the South are
not absolved, because one or two men, very
honorable men, stand forth here and say " I am
ready to go in and make this monstrous proposi-
tion." Sir, in the days of the Revolution, Major
Andre was hung by the neck until he was dead,
for accepting: a proposition not more base tkan
this, which is a gross betrayal of the rights of the
whole North. And yet that is the only reason
which the Senator from Kentucky gives why he
should vote for this bill. He will not pretend to
tell us that he would abrogate and violate the great
pledge which has been kept on the part of the
North,unless northern men stood hereauthorized,
as he thinks, to relieve them from that pledge. I
tell him that they are not authorized to do any
such thing. I tell him that those whose agents
they are, know nothing about this, and do not
know what treason to the North is hatching here.
My colleague stated the other day that it was a
matter of fact, which everybody knew, that the
peculiar interest which we had at the North to
prevent slavery encroaching upon this great Terri-
tory, is, that the moment you cover it over with
persons occupying the relation of master and slave,
the free man of the North cannot go there. He
announced that great truth in this body. Gentle-
men know it to be a truth, and they do not gain-
say it. Gentlemen know that the high-minded
free man of the North, although not blessed with
property, has nevertheless a soul, and that he can-
not stoop to labor side by side with your misera-
ble serf. He never has done it—he never will do
it. it was an unlucky word from the gentleman
from Kentucky when he said, if he cannot labor
in that way, let him go somewhere else. Is that
the democracy of the Chairman of the Committee
on Territories ? Let him tell the yeomanry of Illi-
nois—the hard-fisted laboring man of that great
State—that this is the principle upon which he
acts; that this Territory is to be covered over with
slaves and with masters, and that his proud con-
stituency are to go out there and work side by
side, degrading themselves by working upon a
level with your miserable slaves. Let him do so,
and it is a declaration which I think will tingle in
the ears of Democracy, and the people will come
to understand that you are legislating for the priv-
ileged aristocracy of the South, to the exclusion of
the whole North.
How is this ? We are told that the slaveholder
must go into this Territory. Why? Because, says
the gentleman from Kentucky, it belongs to the
States, and those who hold slaves have just as
good a right to immigrate into it and take their
property with them, as any other person has.
Now, we have seen that these two interests are
antagonistical; they cannot both stand together.
If you take your slaves theie, I tell you the proud
laborer of the North, although he has no capital,
except his ability to draw from the earth his sup-
port by honorable labor, will never consent to work
side by side with your miserable serf and slave.
Then, there being an antagonism between these
two principles, which is greatest in numbers?
According to the present census, all the slave-
holders in the United States do not amount to
four hundred thousand. What number of free
laborers are there who ought to have the benefit of
this great Territory? Probably fully thiiteen mil-
lions are Vj be offset against about four hundred
thousand. If you take any considerable number
of slaves into thin Territory,you as effectually blast
and condemn it for all the purposes of free immi-
gration as though you should burn it with fire and
brimstone, as Sodom and Gomorrah were once
consumed. Every man understands this.
Immigration does not go into slave States. Im-
migration cannot abide there. But is there any
constitutional difficulty upon this subject? _ Sena-
tors from the South say they can go into this Ter-
ritory and take their property with them. Now
why should they bf let in there with what they
call their propertv? Am I obliged, as a mem-
ber of the Government of the United States, to ac-
knowledge your title to a slu'e? No, sir, never.
Before I would do it, I would expatriate mvself;
for 1 am a believer in the Declaration of Indepen-
dence. I believe that it was a declaration from
Almighty God, that all men are created free and
equal, and have the same inherent rights. But,
thank God, the Government of the United States
to which I belong does not anywhere compel any
man to acknowledge the title of any person to a
.slave. If you own him, you own him by virtue of
positive law in your own States, with which I have
nothing to do, and with which I never have had
anything to do. Sir, I hear the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] talking to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,] and I wish it to
go forth that the gentleman from South Carolina
says, why should not the free laborer work with
the slave? Is he not his equal ? Is that the opin-
ion of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; and your associate, too,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. DIXON. The Senator, if T understood
him, said he was a believer in the Declaration of
Independence, and in the doctrines of God, which
declare that all men are equal. Does the Senator
mean that the slave is equal to those free laborers
that he speaks of in the North ?
Mr. WADE. Goon.
Mr. DIXON. I desire him to answer that
question.
Mr. WADE. Certainly; certainly. The slave,
in my judgment, is equal to anybody else, but is
degraded by the nefarious acts and selfishness of
the master, who compels him, by open force and
without right, to serve him alone. That, sir, is
my doctrine. When you speak of equality before
the law, or equality before the Almighty God, I
do not suppose you [addressing himself to Mr.
Dixon] stand one whit higher than the meanest
slave you have. That is my judgment, and prob-
ably it is the judgment that you will understand in
the last day, though you will not understand it
before.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask another question ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, air; as many as you please.
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator consider the
free negroes in his State as equal to the free white
people ?
Mr. WADE. Yes. Why not equal? Do they
not all have their life from Almighty God; do not
they hold it of his tenure? When you speak of
wealth, riches, arid influence—if that is what you
mean—they are generally poor, without influence,
perhaps despised among us as well as with you;
but that does not prevent that equality of which I
speak. I say, m the language of the Declaration
of Independence, that they were "created equal,"
and you have trampled them under foot, and made
them apparently unequal by your own wrong.
That is all there is of it. That is my doctrine. I
do not go into the States, be it known; I never
went there to ask any questions of you; but I be-
lieve your legislation is all wrong, and as wrong
for you, even, as it is for your slaves; for when I
contrast the prosperity of the States where this
wrong and outrage is indulged in with the pros-
perity of those where the fiee and just principles
of the North prevail, what is the manifestation of
these principles upon the apparent welfare of the
societies in which they prevail > This is a ques-
tion which, if it were not involved in this contro-
versy, I should not argue at all; for I do not wish
to do anything which will excite ill feeling here;
but I cannot shrink from anything that is pertinent
to the issue. The question is whether, in that fair
field, large as a continent, we shall now plant hu-
man slavery; or whether we shall leave it as our
forefathers left it—fenced out forever hereafter.
That brings up the whole question, if slavery is
right if it com ports with the best interests of man-
kind, slavery unquestionably should be fostered,
encouraged, and upheld by our legislation. I am
with you there, if you will meet me upon that
issue. If you will make it appear that your prin-
ciple works better than ours, let us not only carry
it into Nebraska, but let us carry it to the ends of
the earth; let us send missionaries out to herald
forth the blessings of human slavery, and intro-
duce it into countries v/heie it does not now exist,
if you can find such. I ara for doing the greatest
good to mankind.
But how is this? Look at the Old Dominion
herself. It is not more than sixty years ago,
hardly has the age of one man passed away since
the Old Dominion was a head and shoulders
higher, in every paiticular, than any State in this
Union, not only in the number of her population,
but in her riches and wealth, and the importance
of all that pertained to her Why, sir, at the
time your Constitution was framed, so apparent
was this that Edmund Randolph, I think it was,
refused to sign the Constitution of the United
Slates, alleging as a reason that it was all wrong.
The State of New Yoik, said he, will have as
much influence in the Senate of the United States
as Virginia itself, under this Constitution. It is
all wrong. The small States will be on a par with
the large States. It ought to be grounded, either
upon property, or upon the number of white male
inhabitants.
That is what he said at the time, and that was
the condition of things at the.time. Now look on
old Virginia. Does she not lie in the fiirest pait
of this continent? Is there any other State that
exceeds her in the fertility of her soil,in the salu-
brity of her climate, in all that pertains to the
material welfare of man? No State in this Union
probably could compare with her. And now,
during one age of man, how does she rank accord-
ing to the last census? Why, from number one
she has sunk to number five. What has produced
this? That great statesmanship of which she
boasts so much, and upon which she sometimes,
as I think, takes airs to herself? Is that the prin-
ciple? Have your principles of statesmanship
advanced you thus? Why, sir, your statesman-
ship is Africanized, and you want to Africanize
this wholeTerritory. That is what you are after;
and if it is right, you should do it. But, really,
the policy of this Government now differs but a
little from what it is in Africa,from Guinea to Tim-
buctoo. We are about the same in principle.
There they are opposed to any general system of
internal impiovement; they are opposed to any
general system of education. I do not know that
they carry it quite as far as they do in some other
places, where they whip and imprison women who
undertake to teach the poor. I am not quite cer-
tain that they undertake to carry it to that extent;
but, nevertheless, so far they go side by side; and
when you come to raising children for the market,
they can vie well with each other. But they seek
to extend the market for human beings; and hence
the object of this bill. Their object is to enhance
and extend this market; and I say it does not
consist with the welfare of this Union to do so.
I say that to fill the interior of this continent with
that kind of chattels is to blast the fairest pros-
pects of every man who has ever entertained the
highest hopes of the progress of his country, and
hence it is that I stand here as one to oppose it.
You may call me an Abolitionist if you will; I
care but little for that; for if an undying hatred to
slavery or oppression constitutes an Abolitionist, I
am that Abolitionist. If man's determination, at
all times and at all hazards, to the last extremity,
to resist the extension of slavery, or any other
tyranny, constitutes an Abolitionist, I, before God,
believe myself to be that Abolitionist. So I was
taught, and I shall not probably very soon swerve
from ihe faith of my forefathers in this particular.
It is idle to cry "Abolition" to me. To me it is
an honorable name. Not, sir, that I ever went
with that particular party; but I did not differ from
them on these points; but because they did not
make their opposition effectu1!, in my judgment;
for I would have gone with those who would have
reached your institutions, wherever the Constitu-
tion gave us a right to reach them, without en-
trenching one hair's breadth where we had no
right. There I do not undertake, and never shall
undertake, to trench, upon them. I admit that in
the States you have full control over it. You may
do with it as seems to you good. You never
found me, you never found the party to which 1
belong in the North, pretending to do anything
adverse to your right to makesuch laws and regula-
tions with'regard to this institution as you please.
We hoped, like all other men, that you would see
that the system did not work to your best advant-
age; we were in hopes you would see that a
gradual system of emancipation, just such as made
the vast difference between the progress of the
Siate of New York and old Virginia, would wake
up every sensible man to follow in the track, and
to do likewise. We hoped that, but we claimed
no right to interfere. You must do with this as
seems to you good.
I regret, Mr. President, that this question has
arisen here now, for I believe all will bear me wit-
ness that I have not been factious here. From
