1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
« Provided-, The State of California shall cede the neces-
sary jurisdiction in fetich cases."
As I said before, when I had the honor to
address the Seriate, I do not conceive that it re-
quires the assent of California to give to this
Government the right to place upon the reserva-
tions the Indians whom we propose to place there.
I therefore ask that that proviso be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. PRATT* 1 ask for the yeas and nays
upon it; and I desire to make a .single observa-
tion. Unless the amendment which I propose be
adopted, the whole appropriation will become en-
tirely useless. In the first place, you are to require,
before the provision goes into effect, the assent of
California, that you may place upon your own
land, reserved by this Government, these Indians.
Of course, until the Legislature shall have met,
(and it is not yet elected,) you cannot attempt to
appropriate the money. Thus a delay of several
months, I do not know how lone;, perhaps ten
months, will elapse before, by possibility, even if
the State should give its assent, this appropriation
can go into effect. Then after the Legislature,
which is to be elected, shall have met, it has to
act upon it, and to give the exclusive jurisdiction
for which you ask.
Now, as I have already said, we do not want
the exclusive jurisdiction. The land is ours, ft
belongs to this Government, and we have a right
to place the Indians there. If they should commit
any offense under the laws of California, they
would be tried by the tribunnls of California; and
that is the whole result of the absence of this ex-
clusive jurisdiction. L shall vote against the whole
appropriation, unless the woids to which I refer
be stricken out. If the provision which I seek to
strike out remain as it is, it will render the whole
appropriation entirely useless.
Mr. WALKER. It was to perfect this par-
ticular point that I offered the amendment which
I withdrew a short time ago. The argument of
the Senator from Maryland would be welt enough
if we had no information ns to what has been the
practice of the Government in such cases. I can
inform him, however, that, practically, the Gov-
ernment has asked for the consent of the States—
deeming itself disqualified to locate the Indians
permanently within their limits without their con-
cern ; and I will instance the case which I before
mentioned of the Menomoneea of Wisconsin.
They weie turned overtothe Legislature of Wis-
consin befou  any thing was done. The Legisla-
ture gave consent that they might be located on a
certain leseivation, and they were located accord-
ingly. The Senator wi'I find that this has been
the practice of the Government.
Mr. PRATT. I suppose it was done in that
case because of some such provision as is con-
tained in this amendment.
Mr. I>RLL. i wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin a question. When those
Indians were turned over to the mercy of the State
of Wisconsin, m settling the question whether
they should be driven out of the boundaries of
that State altogether, or whether they should find
a home there, had they not ceded every foot of
land which they owned there?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. DELL. Then those Indians did not own
one acre of land m tiiat State, and had not even
a por-sessory right. There was a clear cas-e where
the consent of the State was necessary. Cut that
is not the case in California.
Mr. WALKER. Let me apprise the Senator
from Tennessee of this fact: after the Indians
ceded their land, it became the land of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BELL. I understand that; but the two
cases are not parallel.
Mr, WALKER. That case is parallel to the
present one, in my view. It is alleged by the
Senator from Maryland that this land, being the
land of the Government, the Government can do
as it pleases with it, so far as the location of the
Indians is concerned.
Mr. BELL. The title of the Indians in Cali-
fornia has not been extinguished; and I agree
with the Senator from Maryland, that we have j
the power to locate them on the public land if we If
think proper, because the Indians there have never li
parted with their possessory rights according to
our policy.
Mr. HUNTER. But will they not be subject
to the laws of California? It is the opinion of
the Senator from Maryland that if we locate them
without the cession of jurisdiction from California
they will be subject to the laws of that State.
Mr. BELL. But have these Indians no rights
of possession, no usufructuary rights? Is that
the law of California now? I do not understand
it to be so, for the laws of the United States have
been thrown over that territory, and we have at-
tempted to treat with them. If they are mem-
bers of the State of California, we cannot treat
with them.
Mr. PRATT. I may be entirely wrong, but
my notion is this: the Government of the United
States has pursued the policy of Great Britain in
reference to the Indians. We have conceded that
the right to the soil was in the Indians, and that
this Government could only acqune the right to
the soil by treaty or acquisition trom the Indians.
Now, California was Spanish territory, and the
Spanish Government differed entirely from the
English Government on this point. The Spanish
Government never recognized the right of soil in
the Indians; consequently, 1 did not attempt to
argue that the I ndians possessed m California any
right to the soil.
Mr. BELL. They have the same possessory
right winch the Indians west of Missouri had —
the same right that the Indians had in Floiida
—the same right that they had in the old cession
of Louisiana. So that, if the Senator's view be
correct, we have been acting upon false principles
all the time. The Government has carried out
its policy in all these cessions, though the civil
law applied in all the French and Spanish settle-
ments. Whenever territory has been ceded to
the United States we have earned our own policy
there, and allowed the Indians to have this posses-
sory right, and treated with them as having a
claim to it. That is our public law adopted m
relation to the Indians. Then I contend that we
have a perfect right, in conformity with the prin-
ciple of our quasi public law in relation to the In-
dians, to treat with them m Californm precisely on
the same footing in regaid to any rights of pos-
session which they have in the distuct of country
over which they roam, as we have treated with
the Indians in other territories.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I hope
that the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maryland will not prevail, it raises a very nice
and delicate question, and involves, m my opinion,
the germ of a second Georgia war. Just concede
the right, upon the pait ot this Government, to
leserve, in the State of California, and within a
few miles of its seat of government, a given extent
of country, and you involve, at once, a serious
difficulty, because the settlements will soon press
upon the Indians. It is right that we should
make the attempt, and continue to make the
attempt to the last, if possible, to civilize and
Christianize the Indians; but, sir, these reserva-
tions will become eye-sores to the whole people.
They will be productive of the greatest difficulty,
and if you concede the right of this Government
to reserve large bodies of land within the heart of
that State, you at once plant there the germ of
war and difficulty. As a State rights man, I can-
not sanction the amendment. I believe it will
result m the exercise of a high power which
Georgia and oilier States have exercised to protect
themselves from that sort of inteiference with their
lights.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator from Mary-
land is mistaken as to the bearing of this amend-
ment. The amendment of the committee is:
u For cl«5fravins* tlio cvponses of pi>niiniiin« (he removal
and -ubM^tence <>l the Indians in California To live nvlitary
reservations, m accordance with the plan submitted by the
s-upt'oniHiidi'Mt of fndian attain ot thut Slate, and approved
by the President, the sum of $'200,ODD."
There is a proviso then in regard to sub-agents,
that there shall be only five, and but one ap-
pointed to each reservation; that the reservations
shall contain not exceeding ten thousand acres;
and then the amendment of the committee goes
on:
" And the said superintendent is authorized to apply, out
of the Mini hereby appropnatrd, not exceeding in
the extinguishment of conflicting tiller and rights to said
rc.-erved lauds, at a price not exceeding $1 25 per acre,
for a valid and ludefeasabie right to the lauds so purchased:
Jlndj/rovidcd, The State of California shall cede the ac-
cessary jur^d>cuon hi such ca?>es>."
Now, that applies to the case of purchases, if I
read it properly. These purchasesaretobemade,
and a perfect title to be given to the land, and an
amount not exceeding $25-,000 is appropriated for
that purpose. ri>atis,m purchasing private piop-
erty. The Government of the United States can
reserve its own property; but the superintendent
of Indian affairs says they cannot ge! Government
land sufficient. Then it >s proposed that they shall
buy, at a price not exceeding $1 25 per acre; and
the State of California hss certainly aright to assert
her jurisdiction, when private property is pur-
chased for Government purposes within her )n. its.
Why, sir, you carniot bwild a ewstom-ho«se; you
cannot Ivmld a co^m-house on private property
purchased by the linked State*; and you fannofe
get the jurisdiction u> the United States for such
purposes, except by a cession of the Legislature.
If I read the amendment properly, according to
my understanding, it is that this jutrusdlotion of
the State of California which jg* to be given, is to
that private property to be purchased by the (Jot-
ted State*, to an amount r?.e>t exceeding, twenty-
five thousand acres.
Mr. PRATT. Thereto carry ont the Senator^
view, instead of striking oiU the proviso r as I pro-
posed, I sn«c^e«t the additron at the end of the
proviso of the words, " >n refe*e*ice to lands t;o
purchased,r*ao to require the assent of Cali-
fornia only jsv F?fere*>ce to the lands so purchased
for this purpose.
Mr. GW IN. I have no oh^ecteon fo that,
ThePRESSDING OFFICER. B-y iwmnimoos
consent, that amendment will be made.
M r. PRATT, I withdraw my fall toy the yeas?
and nays.
The PR£SH>fi\TG OFKICE.R. Th? amend-
ment of the Se at€>r fiom Maryland ia considered
asurianimously adopted. The question now remis
on the amendment of the Siuato# from* California.*
[Mr. Gwin.]
Mr. WiCJLLk-R. \ yhall bs compelled to mover
another ani'-ndvnmt to the amendment. When,
this plan wan o>;cmaHy Adopted, as I said awhile-
ago, it was understood tl" at the rese>:v&uovw were'
to be made, not only in California, but m TJt&h am?
New Mexico, not exceeding five in number. The
amendment of the «0Mwi>'tte# proposes tomake alj
the five reservations m the State of California. It*
my judgment that is unnecessary v and H is toe
large a number m that State. I move,, therefore*
to strike out the wo>rd " 5ve*rand insert " thife,**
so that there shall n>ot be exceedirvg thiee leserva-
tions m the State of California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment cannot be received now, unless the pending
amendment to the amendment be withdrawn.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. Wellep/s amendment to she amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I movea corresponding amend-
ment, to strike out $25,000 and insert so
that §5,000 shall apply U> each reservation. The
amendmentof the committee provides that $§5,00$
shall be appropiateii1 for the purpose of extinguish-
ing the outstanding titles, if any exist, to these
reservations. It contemplated doing so forfrve.
The number has now been reduced to three. I
desire a corresponding reduction in the amount of
money, and therefore move that $15,000 be in-
1 serted in lieu of $25,000.
| Mr. WKLLKll. I see no propriety whatever
j in that amendment, for the reason that we have
' limited the quantify of acres and the price to be
' paid per acre. If, for instance, you make the
' appropriation £55,000, the restriction you have on
: the expenditure of that money is in the quantify
I of the land, and the price fixed for payment, $1 25
| per acre. But it may possibly be that there will
! not be more than a single reservation m the State
of California, where it will be necessary to pur-
chase private claims m order to get a perfect title.
At all events, I can see no necessity for reducing
this amount, because you already have a limit on
I the expenditure in the price you are to pay,
which is not to exceed $1 '25 per acre.
Mr. COOPER. The Senator does not, 1 think,
comprehend my views, or else he does not com-
prehend the intention of the committee. It was
intended that the §25,000 should extinguish the
title to the whole of the fifty thousand acres in
the five reservations. Now, the reservations have
