"1908
the congressional globe.
July 25,
to $437,000—a great deal more than is proposed
to be appropriated.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I only wish to come to
Some understanding on this matter. I am willing
to pay California, and to pay her liberally; but let
us see what we have already pai4. In the settle-
ment of the accounts of General Riley, for the dis-
bursement of the civil fund which he received,
amounting to more than a million of dollars, we
allowed him several hundred thousand dollars for
the expenses of the convention, which assembled
to form a constitution, and a number of other large
items. We also directed a debt, incurred by
Colonel Fremont, to be paid in London. He was
sued for it in London, and we paid the amount.
I believe that was $100,000.
Mr. GWIN. That was in regard to transac-
tions during the Mexican war, m 1846.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Well, I am endeavoring
to get all the items together. Now, we have an-
other claim for beef. When was that furnished?
Mr. WELLER. In 1851, to the Indian com-
missioners.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As 1 said, 1 am willing
to pay liberally; but I desire to know whether we
are to pay the California war debt of over
$900,000, and these §300,000besides? Senators
who are better acquainted with the subject than I
am, will perhaps be able to enlighten me, but I
confess I should like to have some further inform-
ation before I vote on the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. When the Army appropriation
bill comes up before the Senate, the war debt
will stand on its own merits, and can then be dis-
cussed in order. The only question now before
theSenate is, whetherthe appropriation of ^300,000
which has been reported by the Committee on
Finance, shall go into the bill. 1 can assure the
Senator from Pennsylvania that, whenever the
other item comes up, my colleague and myself can
give a full and satisfactory explanation of it. If
we do not, of course it will be voted down. The
war debt rests or. such a foundation of justice
that I am sure the Senator will not vote against it.
I hope this amendment will be adopted, but 1 ask
for the question upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger in
the chair.) The question is on reconsidering the
vote by which the amendment was adopted.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurring upon the adoption of the amendment,
Mr. CHASE. In view of the statement made
by the Senator from Missouri, that this is to bea
precedent, I ask for the yeas-and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 27, as follows:
YEAH—Mi'ms. Allen, Ballmer, Hell, Ca-.s, Dodge of
Wisconsin, DodgR of Iowa, Douglas. Foot, Gwm. Hous-
ton, Maltory, XVaree, I'pttil, Rusk, Shields, Smart/Thom-
son of Nmv Jersey, Totieey, and Wcller 19.
NAYS—Mt'ssr.-.. Ad.mi*, AtctiiMni, fltinjainin, Bright,
firoiihearf, Ilrown, ISiltlcr, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Cooper,
Pavvson, Dixun, I'VssemltMi, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, (JHIotte,
Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Teiinewee, Mason, I'rati, Rock-
well, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, ami
Walker—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on an amendment moved by the Senator
from Maine, from the Committee on Commerce,
which was objected to at the time, and reserved.
It is to insert:'
For life-boats and other means ot rendering services to
shipwrecked mariners ami others on the oo.im of the United
States, to beevpended by Hip Massachusetts Humane So-
ciety, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
$10,000. '
Mr. HAMLIN. Objection was made to this
amendment, i understand, for the reason that it
was connected with the Massachusetts Humane
Society. Now, there have been annua! appropri-
ations for shipwrecked seamen ever since 1 have
been in Congress. Such appropriations are wise
expenditures. Vast sums of money are annually
saved by them, and great numbers of lives are
rescued from the perils of the sea. I apprehend
that to the principle of making-such appropriations
there can be no objection in the Senate.
hir, in 1848 an appropriation was made for this
society m the same way as now proposed. The
society is an aged one. It has now a fund from
which it receives annually an interest of about
$2,000; but that fund is inadequate to the purposes
of rendering such relief as the climate and coun-
try require. Senators will recollect that it is in
the higher latitudes of the Union, and all the se-
verities of a winter climate are there known. It
is proposed to grant $10,000 to be expended by
this society under the direction and supervision of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I believe that
the expenditure in this mode will be much more
beneficial to effect the object, and much more eco-
nomical, than if it were left without any direction
as to the manner in which it should be expended.
Similar sums in different years have been appro-
priated to the Benevolent Life-Saving Association
of New York, for the coasts of New Jersey and
New York. Sometimes the appropriations have
been expended by the Light-House Board, and
sometimes in connection with these benevolent
associations. I have no hesitation in declaring,
myself, that where the Secretary of the Treasury
acts in conjunction with these associations, which
depend entirely upon contributions, the expendi-
tures are much more beneficial to the country than
where left to the Secretary alone. That is my
view, and 1 suppose it is the view of the commit-
tee.
Mr. IIUNTER.. I believe, sir, this is the first
instance, certainly it is the first with which I am
acquainted, in which the Government has under-
taken to appropriate money, and use the agency
of a private society for its disbursement. I do not
doubt the usefulness of this society; I agree that
its objects are benevolent and praiseworthy; but it
seems to me that it will be a most dangerous sys-
tem to establish, to appropriate money to be put
at the disposal of private societies.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not so It is to be ap-
propriated under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury entirely.
Mr, HUNTER. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot direct these private associations. They
are not officers of the Government. Whatever
money is appropriated for this purpose ought to
be entirely under the control of the Government
and its officers. The kind of agency proposed in
this amendment is one which is new, and which,
I believe, will turn out to be dangerous and mis-
chievous.
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to lead from the
memorial which has been sent to us from that
society. Speaking of the various sums which
have been appropriated, they say:
"The income of the society being quite inadequate for
the support of their boats and hut*, little could have been
done but lor appropriations made by the General Govern-
ment and by the State. From the latter source $10,000
have been received at various tunes since 1810; and from
the former $5,000 were received in 1848, from an appropri-
ation in the lu ht-house bill of the previous year."
On looking at the proceedings of the Benevolent
Life Saving Association of New York, I find that
in 1851 they received from the General Govern-
ment $8,467 50; on March 8, of that year, $9,585;
and in 1852, &414. I find, therefore, that the
Government has, on various occasion, availed
itself of these societies to disburse appropriations
like th" present; and hence this does not set a
new precedent. I am told further that nearly all
the moneys disbursed among the Indian tribes are
disbursed precisely in the same way, through such
associations, but under the proper head of the
Department here.
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt that this
appropriation is necessary and proper; but I do
not see the propriety of connecting the Govern-
ment with a humane society, or any other private
institution. If the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to expend §10,000 for the relief of ship-
wrecked mariners on the coast, and finds a private
society, organized for the purpose, and thinks
that through that society he can disburse the
monev so as to promote the interest designed to
be effected by the appropriation, undoubtedly
he would be at liberty to use it in that way. I
therefore propose to amend the amendment by
striking out that portion of it which refers to the
Massachusetts Humane Society. It will then be
discretionary with the Secretary of the Treasury
whether he will use that society as an instrument
to expend the money, or whether he will seek
some other instrumentality. I have no doubt, as
I said before, about the necessity arid propriety of
the appropriation; but I desire to leave the Secre-
tary of the Treasury unlimited as to the mode in
which he shall expend this sum. I move to strike
out the words " to be expended by the Massa-
chusetts Humane Society/'
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the Senator from
Maine, will accept the suggestion made to him
by the Senator from California. I have no doubt
it will do a great deal of good to make this appro-
priation, and 1 hope it will not be defeated in con-
sequence of any peculiar mode of expression in
the amendment. Let the Secretary of the Treas-
ury employ the Massachusetts Humane Society
ifhepleases; but leave these words out, in order
that there may be no objection foreign to the real
; merits of the amendment. I am decidedly for
j the amendment of the gentleman from Maine, but
I I hope he will accede to the suggestion of the Sen-
I atorfrom California.
Mr. WELLER. My only object is to place
the appropriation in such a position that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury can use the Humane
Society, or individuals, if he chooses, in the dis-
bursement of the money. 1 have no doubt that, if
he finds humane associations which are doing great
good, and giving relief to numbers of shipwrecked
mariners, he will disburse the money through
that source; but i desire to leave it to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; or, in other words, that we
should have no connection, unnecessarily, with
any private or local institution.
Mr. CASS. There is one mode in which the
object of the Senator can be obtained; that is to
authorize the Secretary to expend the money,
through this society, or otherwise, as he may
think proper. We do the same thing in regard to
the missionary societies for the Indians, and we
have done it for many years. Let us put it in
such a form that the Secretary of the Treasury
may select this society, or use the money in any
other mode he thinks expedient.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer my amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to modify mv amend-
ment by inserting after the words "Massachu-
setts Humane Society," the words " or in such
other way as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
deem expedient."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Maine that he
cannot modify the amendment, as it is offered by
him as an amendment from the Committee on
Commerce, and not in his individual capacity as
a Senator.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I desire to state to the
Senate* that if they shall not see fit to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from California to the
amendment of the committee, I will propose an
additional amendment giving discretionary power
j to the Secretary.
I Mr. GWIN called for the yeae and nays on
the amendment to the amendment; and they were
! ordered.
| Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order now to move
j to increase the amount of the appropriation?
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
I Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask the Senator
| from Maine whether this amendment includes the
j lake coast of the United States?
Mr. HAMLIN. It does not.
Mr. CLAYTON. The sum is altogether in-
sufficient.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This motion
does not affect the sum. An amendment can be
afterwards moved to increase or diminish it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, resulted—yeas
28, nays 18; as follows:
YTAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Bell, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson,
Dixon, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gwiri, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones, of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Prdlt, Se-
bastian, Shdell, Toombs. Toueey, and Weller—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Dodge, of Wisconsin, t'essenden, Fish, Foot, Gil-
lette, Hamlin, Houston, James, Rockwell, Shield?, Stuart,
Sumner, and Walker—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on Mr. Hamlin's
amendment as amended.
Mr. WELLER. 1 desire to know precisely
what is included in this amendment. It is an,
appropriation of $10,000 for the relief'of ship-
wrecked mariners on the coast of the United States.
I desire to know whether that means the Atlantic,
the Pacific, or the lake coast, or whether it includes
them all. If they be all embraced, of course the
amount is wholly insufficient to accomplish the
object. 1 move, therefore, to strike out " $10,000"
and insert " $20,000."
Mr. HAMLIN. This appropriation follows
another of $10,000 in like words already in the
bill. I suppose the Senator is aware that life-boats
