1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
may now wish to take the floor; but, sir, if no
other Senator will rise now and enter his protest
against the doctrines which have been proclaimed
here to-day, there is at least one who dares to do it.
It must occur to you, Mr. President, and to
every Senator upon this floor, that the speech of
the Senator from Ohio, who has just taken his
seat, is one of the most remarkable which has ever
been delivered in the Senate of the United States.
He is here representing, in part, one of the sover-
eignties of this Confederacy, fie comes here to
discuss a grave question, a question which he
himself says involves nothing more nor less than
the peace, quiet, and happiness of the country, and
the very existence of the Union itself. Methinks
a Senator thus impressed with the solemnity, and
the vast importance of the question, would have
approached it with calmness and deliberation, and
a fixed purpose to investigate and ascertain the
truth, and to come to just conclusions. But I sub-
mit to himself, and to you, sir, and to every Sena-
tor here, how far that gentleman has accomplished
his purpose, and how far his speech went to elu-
cidate any great principle, fact, or policy.
His speech from the beginning to the end, with
the exception of a few flings at the committee,
was a tirade of abuse and denunciation of an in-
stitution which has descended to us from the
fathers of the Republic. Before he talked about
the scourge and the curse of slavery, before he said
that it was to go, with us contaminating touch, to
mar the beauty of that garden of God, that Eden
which he represents this Territory to be, he should
have asked himself the question, from whence
came this blighting curse? The fathers of the
Republic—men, some of whom gave their lives
and their fortunes, and pledged their sacred honor
to the maintenance of thegreatprinciples on which
this Government is predicated—are the authors of
this pestilence, this curse, this blighting scourge,
which the Senator thinks comes down like a si-
rocco from Heaven to wither and blast the fortunes
of this great land. Sir, it seems to me that if the
dead could rise from the grave, the spirits of those
revolutionary sires and patriots would rise up with
indignation to rebuke such an assault upon their
memories.
The Senator says that this nefarious plan is to
be consummated; and by what instrumentality, he
inquires, is this great wickedness to be achieved?
By a conspiracy as foul, as odious, as infamous,
as any that is recorded in the annals of history.
And who are the conspirators? Honorable Sen-
ators here, acting upon theirown responsibilities—
acting upon the same high responsibility upon
which the Senator from Ohio acts—honorable
Senators here who are alike responsible to the
God who made them, and the Constitution which
they have sworn to support, and to the great prin-
ciples of human ri°;lu and human liberty. They
are accountable alike with the Senator from Ohio,
to all the responsibilities that attach to honorable
men. They are the conspirators against the
honor, the peace, the dignity, and the perpetua-
tion of these glorious institutions of ours. How
far so gross an insinuation may comport with the
courtesy due from one Senator to others, I leave
that honorable Senator to judge for himself.
But, sir, he says there is one thing which strikes
him with pain, astonishment,and regret. What is
that? He turns to us upon this side of the Cham-
ber, and tells us that in other days, which are past
and gone, we stood side by side, shoulder to
shoulder, fighting in a common cause. Yes, sir,
we did; and I be£ that honorable Senator to do
me, and to do others, the justice to say, that, in
that stru^le,-we never put our shoulders with his
in an invasion against the rights of any portion of
our common constituency and country. If he
considered the association which has bound us
together as members of the great Whig party to
imply that I bad any affinities with the doctrines
which he proclaims hete to-day, I now and for-
ever eschew any such understanding, intention, or
purpose.
I have fought with him, and I shall be proud to
fight with him, for the great principles of the Whig1
party; but I utterly deny that it ever was, or ever
can be, a principle of the Whig party, to inveigh
against the institutions of the country which have
descended to us from our fathers. I utterly repu-
diate and scorn, and—to borrow language from a
source not the most reputable—I spit upon and
despise any such doctrine as that, when applied to
the Whig party. We have fought for the princi-
ples of the Whig party. I expect to fight for them
as long as I am able to fight at all.
But the gentleman from Ohio says it must have
been a strange spectacle to find Whigs associated
with northern Democrats in caucus upon this
great question. It may appear strange to that
honorable Senator that gentlemen, differing on
great and important subjects, may agree upon
some one subject; and tliat, agreeing upon that
one subject, they may, with propriety, meet and
confer together,as patriots, upon that one question.
It may be strange to the Senator, but I can tell
him there is nothing remarkable in it. When the
time comes for warring upon the chairman of the
Committee on Territories as a politician, 1 hope
to be ready to give him as many blows as the
Senator from Ohio; but when that gentleman—I
care not what may be his motives, I have nothing
to do with his motives; they may have been
selfish; they may have been unpatriotic; they may
hare been treasonable, or patriotic, I care not
which—comes out for the right, 1 will stand by
him, and vindicate him in the right, and no party
lines, no party affiliations, no party tactics, no
screw, or lash, shall ever force me into any other
position.
There are, however, some very strange things
in this world. There are some things which arc
stranger to my mind even than spiritual rappmgs,
and 1 cannot comprehend them. When 1 heard
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ciiase] the other day
in a well tempered, and 1 will do him the justice
to say, an able speech, arguing this question,and
when I heard him inveigh against any infringe-
ment upon the sacred pi maples of the compro-
mise measures, I confess that 1 was somewhat
astonished; and I was not prepared to suppose
that the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who has
addressed us to-day, would follow in the same
channel. From hearing those honorable gentle-
men vindicating the purity, the immaculate purity,
the sublime perpetuation, and the obligation for-
ever to hold those compromise measures sacred
and inviolable, one would have been led to believe
that they themselves were the boldest champions
of some compromise somewhere and at some time.
Why this holy reverence; why this profound,
sacred, religious devotion on their part to compro-
mises? Where and when did it arise? Will you
pardon me, Mr. President, and gentlemen of the
Senate, for reading a few lines by way of refresh-
ing the memory of gentlemen. It is a very strange
and extraordinary piece of history, and 1 think
will strike the Senators from Ohio themselves with
profound astonishment. Hete is a proviso, which
was offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill at
the first session of the last Congress:
11 Pronded, That no such allowanrp «.hall be authorized
for pvpensey incurred m <*xeciuing the act of September IS,
K)U, lor tlie suirender of lugiuves from service or labor,
which said act is hereby lepealed."
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Svmner]
offered that proposition at the long session of the
last Congress; and who in this Senate Chamber
do you suppose stood up, and, upon their respon-
sibility,before God and the country, voted tn repeal
one of the compromise measures of 1850? Cer-
tainly it was not the Senator from Ohio. No man
could believe that after his speech, and his pro-
fessed regard for compromises. But, sir, unfor-
tunately for him, and unfortunately for his con-
sistency, when the vote came to be taken upon
that proposition, those gentlemen who are now
standing up and worshiping with ali the hoiy
zeal of idolatry at the shrine of compromises, did
what ? Did they vote for the proposition to repeal
the fugitive slave law ? There were but four Sen-
ators ?n this body who did. Who were they?
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sc.mxer,]
the then Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,land both of the Senators from Ohio. And
yet they talk about plighted faith! They talk
about the sanctity and the inviolability of compro-
mises; and here they are upon the record before
God and the country as voting to repeal one of the
compromise acts of 1830. I tell the gentlemen
that before they come to read us lectures of mo-
rality upon the subject of adherence to compro-
mises, they had better obliterate this record, for
it stands out against them in bold relief. Con-
sistency, consistency, whither hast thou fled 1
More than this, the Senator from Ohio who has
addressed us to-day, beoomes really eloquent,
and I will say patriotic, for I do not question his
patriotism. 1 think upon this subject he is radi-
cally wrong; but it is not for me to question his
patriotism. He tells us he sees a cloud in the
northern horizon. It is now a little larger than a
man's hand, but it is gathering and thickening;
and I almost imagined from his description, that I
saw the vivid angry flashes of the lightning of an
indignantandoutraged people. I ceitainly thought
that 1 heard the deep-toned thunders of that mut-
tering and swelling of the people which is to
aiaim, intimidate, and overwhelm the base con-
spirators who dare to molest the compromise of
1820.
When the Senator spoke to us about clouds,
and storms, and tempests, and lightning, and hail,
and rain, and all the terrors of the gathering tem-
pest, he reminded me of a very profane verse
which I once met with at the Mammoth Cave. 1
will repeat it here, not justifying its profanity,
but saying that that part of the Senator's speech
to which I refer reminded me most forcibly of it.
1 was once at the Mammoth Cave in Kentucky.
It is a place which seems to impress everybody
who visits it with a sublime idea, and with all
the perceptions of poetry. Some man had been
in the cave, and when he came out he went to the
register and wrote down his views of the Mam-
moth Cave in these words:
MAMMOTH CAVE.
" God Alimghly, wtiat a spot I
In dimmer cold, in winter hot;
Ye Powers above ; great God, I wonder i
—Andrew Jackson! hell, and thunder!"
[Laughter.]
This is the best commentary upon that part of
the geudeman's speech which I ever saw. But
then the gentleman became serious, and warned
us of the danger which lies in our path. He says
that if we intend to open this question, if we in-
tend to provoke this war, the consequences shall
be upon our own heads. 1 hope he did not mean
to alarm us, and drive us from our propriety by
force. When he spoke in this way I inquired of
myself, is there danger now, and had we not better
flee this Capitol at once? We are warned that if
we provoke this war the consequences must be
upon our own heads. What are those conse-
qences? Certainly the Senator does not appeal
to our personal fears. lie is too respectful for
that. Then he appeals to our patriotic fears, and
to our devotion for the honor and interests of the
country. I tell the Senator that though I may
be of what he chooses to term a band of conspira-
tors, I shall labor, as I ever have labored, to pre-
serve the peace, the harmony, and the happiness
of all these glorious States. 1 have never, by any
word or act of mine, done anything to outrage the
honor, to infringe the rights, or to wound the
susceptibility of any portion of this country. I
have never been sectional in my feelings. I have
never been exclusive in my devotion to any par-
ticular scction.
Sir, my honorable colleague will bear me wit-
ness, that through my whole political life 1 have
been devoted faithfully and honestly to the vindi-
cation of the great principles of the Whig party—
involving questions of policy which we knew and
believed were not so essential to the interests of
our immediate constituency, but which were
deemed of vital importance to the interest and
prosperity of the North. Wehave stood together
and fought together for ten or fifteen long years
to maintain and vindicate the rights and interests"
ofthe North. Now, I can tell the Senator from
Ohio, and every Senator, and all men here and
elsewhere, that we seek to make no aggression
upon the North; but I tell him more, that we know
our rights, and, knowing them, we mean to main-
tain them at all hazards and to the last extremity .
Do not try to scare us out of them. Reason with
us,if you will, but, for Heaven's sake, do not
alarm us.
Mr. President, I was satisfied to let this ques-
tion alone. As I told the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Territories, and as 1 have ex-
pressed myself everywhere when 1 have given my
opinion upon this subject, I was content to let
this matter stand as it was, because, in my judg-
ment, there was nothing practical m it. I have
never supposed that slavery was likely to go into
the Territory which it is now proposed to organize;
and although I have believed and believe now ,
