1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
are stationed at certain points all along our coast,
and this is for their preservation and taking charge
of them when there is occasion for using them.
If, therefore, this amendment shall be adopted in
its present form, there will then be $20,000 appro-
priated in this hill for this object, precisely the
amount which the Senator wishes to have appro-
priated.
Mr. WELLER. I think that does not obviate
the difficulty, for §20,000appropriated in the man-
ner indicated by the Senator from Maine will be
wholly insufficient to afford the necessary relief to
the vast number of persons who are shipwrecked
on the extensive coasts of the United States.
There is an immenseamount of commerce now on
the Pacific, making u necessary, of course, to in-
crease the amount which has heretofore been ap-
propriated for this object in order to extend relief
to shipwrecked manners on the Pacific coast. 1
therefore persist in my motion to increase the
amount to $20,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think if the Senator had
examined the matter, he would, and 1 think he
will now, when I state all the facts m relation to
it, withdraw his amendment. Ten thousand dol-
lars are already appropriated by the bill fur this
object. Sometimes we have appropriated $10,000,
and sometimes $20,000 m the civil and diplomatic
bill. But there are $20,000 more appropriated for
alike object in the tight-house bill of the present
year, so that if this amendment shall be adopted,
there will then be $40,000 for this purpose.
Mr. WELLER. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, as amended, was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment of
the Committee on Commerce heretofore reserved,
to amend the clause making an appropriation 44 for
the relief and protection of American seamen in
foreign countries," by addmg, after the word
" seamen,." the words " and seamen belonging to
American vessels."
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know that I have
anything to state m regard to this amendment in
addition to what I said the other day when it was
presented. It is known to Senators that the law
row requires that our vessels shall be manned
with a certain proportion of American seamen, and
the others may be foreigners. 1 have a petition
before me from the ladies of Honolulu, in the
Sandwich Islands, in which they set forth the
very great distress which our seamen suffer in
those port?, in consequence of the existing law,
inasmuch as the existing- law does not allow our
consul there (nor does it allow any of our consuls
at any foreign port") to make any provision what-
ever tor foreigners who are sailing under the Amer-
ican flag.
Now, sir, if we allow foreigners to sail under
our flag, if we man our ships with them, 1 askaie
they not entitled, in foreign ports where they are
found in distress, to some of that pi otection which
we bestow upon our own citizens m the same cir-
cumstances? Why, sir, they have the same in-
terest in protecting the ship, m sailing it, and in
preserving it from *he hazards of the ocean, and
they are subjected to the same regulations in for-
eign ports. They pay the same hospital money
per month to the hospital fund that our own sea-
men pay.
Sir, we speak of our extended commerce; but
with how muchfoice and how much propiiety
may we fpeak of it, if we are unwilling to make
any appropriation for the relief of those who sail
our vessels, who happen to be foreigners, when
they are found m foreign ports in distress? I hone
the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Hamlin, from the Committee on
Commerce, on Saturday, and then objected to, to
strike out M for the sain -v of the consul at Beirout,
$500," and insert;
That the consul at H°iroui, Svria, is hereby cleared a
consul-centra! with a -alary of vr2,0()0 per annum fiom the
1st of July, 1853 Tfte said consulate shall comprehend
both Syria and Palestine, and §4,U00 is hereby appropri-
ated for the salary of the said conml.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hold in my hand a letter
from the Secretary of State earnestly requesting
this appropriation, and in it he alludes to the ex-
isting state of affairs in that country, and the ab-
solute necessity of having some com.. :ct>nal
or some representative of this Government there.
It is true there is very little commercial business
at thatplace, but still it is highly important, in the
unsettled state of that portion of the world, that
there should be some agent of our Government
there. The present compensation of the consul
at that port is totally inadequate. The compensa-
tion now proposed was recommended by Mr.
Webster, while he was Secretary of State. The
recommendation was renewed by Mr. Everett when
he was at the head of that Department; and it is
again urged by the present Secretary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The question
is next on the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce to add the following additional section:
Sec. —. Jin J he it father enacted, That the county of
El Paso, in the Slate of Te.\a , and the Teintoiy of New
Mexico, he, and they are hereby, made a collection district
by the name of Pa o del Norte, and Frontera shall be the
place or port of delivery lor said distnct; and a collector
shall be appointed to reside thereat, with such other officers
as shall be necessary, and the compensation of the collector
shall be {$2,000 per annum, including the fees of his office.
Mr. WELLER. That amendment, I believe,
was laid over the other day in consequence of my
objection. I have since satisfied myself that the
public interest cleaily requires that a collection
district should be established at this point; and,
therefore, as a matter of course, I now interpose
no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment, which was offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, from the Committee on Com-
merce, on Saturday last, but which was then ob-
jected to. it will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows: ^
Spf. —. Be it further cumtnf, That the Secietary of the .
| Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed !
I, to cau-se to be conducted tile following building* : |
I! At .Ellsworth, Maine, for the accommodation ot the cuh- j
!, tom-house and post ofhee, <i building ot brick, with tire
j proof floors, constructed of iron beams and buck work, j
I nun roof', shutters, &ilis, 6cc., iv\ enty-hvp feet by tinny, and j
I twenty five feet in height trom the foundation, to co t not !
i more than si0,000. !;
At Bellas, Maine, for the accommodation of the custom- j i
hou.-e and po.-t otliee, a building ot hke inatenaK, foity-iive j-
' feci by thirty two, and ilnrty-lwo icet hifrh, and to co-t not ,
, more than ^0,000. j]
At Gloucfstei, Massachusetts ; Toledo, Ohio ; fiurlmjr- 'i
ton, Vermont; and Sandusky, Ohio, tor the aecomnioda j
tiun ot the custom hou>e and post othee. a building of like '1
materials, sixty leet by forty-five leet, and ihiriy-nvn feet n
Ironi the foundation, and to co.>l not more ih.iii £4O,U00 for l!
each building '1
At Mihvaukse, Wisconsin, for the accommodation of the ;,
customhouse, po&t otliee, and United States court.-*, a
building othke material*, nxty-feet by forty five feet,ioity-
eight feet m height tiom the foundation, to cost not mute
than >'50,000.
At New Haven, Connecticut; Newark, New Jersey;
! Buffalo, New York ; Oswego, A'ew York ; Wheeling, Vir
1 ginia; Chicago, Illinois; and Detroit, Michigan, each for
the accommodation ol the custom-house, post office, Uni-
ted States courts, and steamboat inspector:-., a budding of !
stone, of like, floors, beams, roof<, shutter*, he , eighty- ■
five feet,by sixty leet, sixt> teet in height fiom the founda- !
tion, to coat not more than ,^&>,0Uo to: eacii building. The 1
building at Detroit to be eroctcd upon a water lot belonging
to the United Stale-.
At Galveston, Tc\a<, for the accommodation of the cus-
tom-house, post office, and United States court*, a building ■
of brick, ot like lioor-, b«am>, root-, Gutters, 4cc., fort>-
five leet, by seventy teet. foity-eight feet high from the ,
foundation, with a portico on two s-idc*, and to cost not
moie than ,*,1.00,000. j
At Petersburg, Virginia, for the accommodation of the
custom-housc and post otiice, a budding ui .stone, ot hke
doors, beams, roof, shutters, 6tc., Mtty leet by lorty-five
xeet, thirty-two feet high fiom The foundation. to cost not ,
more than $62,000.
Sec. —. *ind be it further cnactcd, Tnat the several ;
sums mentioned in. the preceding section ol tin-; aft, a^ the |
cost of the buildings therein authouzed to be eorjstruetnd,
together with fen percent, thereon, to cover the compen-
sation ofaichitects, superintendents, advertising, and other
contingent expends, and so mm h as may be required to
purchase suitable sites for -aid buildings, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the purpose* aforesaid, out of
any money hi the Trea>uiy not otherwise appropriated: i
Pyovutcd, That no money heieby appropriated >,hali be
used or applied for the purposes mention* d, until a valid
title to the land lor the site iff such building,' in each case,
shall be vested in the United Statis. and until the Slate
shall also dni> release and relinquish To the United States
the right to tax, or in any waj as es* said sue, or the prop-
erty o"s Uif United States that maybe thereon, during the
time that the {-.aid United States shall be oi 'letnam the
owner thereof. :
' Mr. H AAILJN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to modify the amendment by
adding to it the following additional sections: '
Sec.—. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secietary
ol {he Tieirury be, and he is hereby, authorized and di- '1
>< cied to cause to be constructed the following bui'dm;^ -
1 At New Orleans, Louisiana', a marine hospital, to cost not
j nr*re than {$2-48,000; and when said hospital, shall have
I been comph ted, the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause
I the old hospital at New Orleans to be sold, and the proceeds
| thereof to be placed m the Treasury of the United States ;
> At Detroit, Michigan, a marine hospital, to cost not more
i than $7.5,000;
j At I'ensaeola, Florida, a marine hospital, to cost not more
; than §-20,000;
j At Burlington, in the State of Iowa, a marine hospital,
I to cost not more than $5,000.
i Sec.—. Ji nd be it further enacted, That the'several
( sums mentioned in the preceding pection as the cost of the
; buildings therein authorized to be constructed, together
with ten per cent, thereon, to cover the compensation of
j architect*, superintendents, advertising, and other comin-
: gent expenses, and so much asmayhp required to purchase
1 suitable sites for said buildings, be, and the same are hereby,
| appropriated for fhe purposes aforesaid, out of any money
i in the Treasury nototherwise appropriated ; Provided, That
J no money hereby appiopriated shall be u*ed or applied for
| the pm poses mentioned, until a valid title to the land for
' the site of such building, in each case, shall be vested in the
I United State*, and until the State shall also duly release
i and relinquish to the United States the right to tax, or in
, any way as*e^s said site, or the property of the United States
i that may bo thereon, during the time that the said United
! States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. HUNTKR. Mr. President, it seems to
, me that these appropriations for custom-houses,
| and especially for new custom-houses, are becom-
: ing so numerous, and the amounts so large, that
they should be provided for in a separate bill.
; They ought to be appropriated, if at all, like th6
! appropriations for rivers and harbors or forti-
fications, m a sepaiate and independent bill. It
i seems to me that, in relation to these new struc-
tures, we ought to mature some regular system,
! and, like other new appropriations, they should
i be reported from the Committee on Commerce as
' d separate bill, like the light-house bill, fo provide
J for new light-houses. It is manifest that if we
I encumber the civil and diplomatic bill, which
i already has run out to a very large number of
| pages, with such amendments as these, relating
! to systems involving expenditures to the amount
■ perhaps of more than a $1,000,000, how much I
| do not know, we shall find it very difficult to get
' along with the general appropriation bills, i,
i therefoie, suggest now that it would be better if
j the Senate would adopt it as a rule to appropriate
in these bills for nothing but buildings which have
i been already commenced and purposes already
! sanctioned by law; and whenever new buildings
1 are required to be put up, let them be proposed in
■ a separate bill. We may get along in that way
I with some sort of order and consistency; but it is
: impossible that we can legislate in this manner
1 with propriety and consistency. We know, sir,
' that this bill had a hard time of it in the House
of Representatives with the custom houses which
are already upon it. What will it be when we
send it back with all these appropriations em-
braced m it? I think it would be far better for
the Committee on Commerce to present this prop-
osition as a separate bill, and take the sense of
the Senate upon it in that day,
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to offeran amendment,
which, perhaps, should he offered before the
further discussion of this subject. It is to add, as
a proviso, at the end of the custom-house appro-
priations:
Provided) That no money *ha]I he < xpended for a cus-
tom-house, under the provisions of this net, at any place
wiere the custom^ do not equal the expenses of collec-
tion,
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the best state-
ment which I can make to the Senate, will be one
which I have in my hand, that has been prepared
at the Treasury Department. It states the case,
perhaps, better, and m fewer words, than i could
state it. 1 will not read all of the letter, but only
that part which relates to the expediency of erect-
ing the buildings, and their cost. The Secretary
of the Treasury says:
Th> cost ofground, where the Government does not own
it.mu-t bean addition to these estimates, ami cannot bo
reduced to a> much cntamty; and thue mus-t be an addi-
tion, say of ten per cent., to cover omippmanon of archi-
tect and superintendent, adveuisiiijr,There are now
in the United States one hundred at,d twenty-nine ports of
entry and poit^ of delivery, bavini: me autho'rity :md duties
of potts of entry. Ofthi-s nunihet eu^toin hou^ have been
constructed at twenty-live port>. Custom-houses are in
progress at eleven ports, and custom-bouses are about to be
commenced, under appropriations' heretofore made, at four
port?, leaving eight)- ipiu; porN unprovided tor Having
carefully consiaeied the question of authorizing,m dis-
tricts not yet provided tor, the erection of permanent and
substantial building for the use of these public establish-
ments, 1 am clearly of opinion that such provision ought to
be eveuded, tor the following reasons:
)• Pur the better accommodation of the officers and the
