342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
that the restriction imposed by the act of 1820 (
was unequal and unjust, and ought never to have 1
been adopted, yet, as it had been adopted, the!
South, as far as I know, were willing for the sake I
of peace, and for the sake of harmony, to bear j
this wrong, until such time as a returning sense of j
justice on the part of the North would induce |
^ them to do justice to their brethren of the South. |
4 1 have looked forward to that time, and I thank
God U has arrived. I thank God that period j
has come when the North has been aroused to a
sense of the injustice which was inflicted on the
South by the compromise of 1820.
it will not do for the Senator from Ohio, or for
anybody else, to stand up and warn us against
an infringement of this compact, as he is pleased
to call it, and invoke the great names of the illus-
trious patriots of that day, who, in a self-sacri-
ficing devotion to the honor of the country, and
driven by a wild spirit of dark and bloody fanat-
icism, to lay on the altar of their country a por-
tion of the rights of their constituency, for the
sake of harmony, for the sake of peace, for the
sake of the Union, and for the purpose of pre-
serving the glorious institutions of the country;
it will not do for that Senator to warn me and
other gentlemen, by the shades of those departed
sires. No man living reveres the names of those
illustrious dead more than I do. I revered them
when they were hying, and I venerate them now
that they are dead. But when I am called upon
to act for myself; when I am called upon, on all
my responsibility as a Senator, representing an
honorable constituency, I must vote for myself,
and not for the dead. It is no imputation on their
memories to say that they were forced by a com-
bination of circumstances to make this surrender
on the altar of their country. It is no argument
with me why I should do the same thing now,
when there is no such necessity impending over
us.
I should like to submit now a few questions to
the Senators from Ohio. They, I suppose, recog-
nize—indeed 1 do not apprehend that any sensible
man can deny—the fact that the Constitution at
the time of its formation did recognize the exist-
ence 6f slavery, livery man admits it. The Sen-
ator himself admitted it just now in his speech.
The Constitution recognizes the existence of
slavery, and a right of property in slaves. I wish
to know from the Senator from Ohio how he can
get rid of that provision? He says he does not
propose to get rid of it, but proposes to leave that
matter to the States.
Now, I have another proposition to submit to
him. The Constitution maintains, from beginning
to end, a perfect equality among all the citizens of"
the United States. It never intended that there
should be a distinction between the people of New
York and the people of South Carolina. The j
Constitution declares a perfect equality among the i
people of the different States of the Union. The j
right of property in slaves is recognized by the
Constitution. A perfect equality among the citi-
zens of the States is manifestly the intent through-
out the whole Constitution. Then, again, the
territories of the United States, purchased out of
a common fund, by the expenditure of the com-
mon treasure, are declared to be the property
of all the people of the United States. Now,
putting these three facts together, let the Senator
tell me how he can escape this constitutional ques-
tion ? Taking these three facts together, I ask the
Senator to tel! me what becomes of the principles
of justice, when he turns round and says the peo-
ple of the North will say to the people of the
South, "You shall not enjoy an equal participa-
tion in this common territory? " If the gentleman
can answer that question, I shall be happy to hear
him.
The three propositions to which I have alluded
are ail contained in the Constitution; and yet the
Senator charges the South, and the friends of
this measure, with a conspiracy; nay more, he :
went so far as to say that it was an act of treason '
as dark and as atrocious as that of Arnold. Sir, !
was such a reckless declaration ever before made
in the American Senate' The Constitution de->
clares what are our rights; and when we ask for j
them, the Senator stands back and says, Here is a !
law passed thirty-three yeats ago; its a^e makes ■
it venerable; and if you dare say in contravention ;
of its provisions that you are equal to the other i
portions of the people of the United States, you :
are as guilty as Arnold, who perpetrated treason
against his country, if you tell me that this com-
promise is a third of a century old, I tell you our
rights are as old as the Constitution itself, for they
are guaranteed by the Constitution.
But, sir, 1 should like to submit another ques-
tion to the Senator from Ohio. He says that, this
curse, this terrible scourge of slavery, is to go into
this fair Eden of Heaven; and he regards it as a
great outrage upon the rights and the honor of
the North. Now, 1 wish to know if the people
of the North, under the Constitution, have any
right to deny to me the enjoyment of the terri-
tory of the United States, which is the common
property of the people of all the States? Can they
deny to me the right to carry my property there ?
It will not do for the gentleman to appeal to a
" higher law." It will not do for him to go back
to the Bible, and say that this is not right. We
are not sworn here to legislate ecclesiastically. If
he wishes the question ot right, settled in this way,
let him go to the ecclesiastical courts. We are
here to legislate under the Constitution of the
United States, and according to the provisions of
that Constitution. That is our power; that is the
authority under which we act. Then the Senator
says we have no power to carry our slaves to this
Territory—that the interdict is right. 1 wish to
know if lie would submit to a restriction that he
should not carry his property there?
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator wish an an-
swer now r
Mr. JONES. Any time when it suits the Sen-
ator—now or when I am through.
Mr. WADE. The Senator can go on for the
present.
Mr. JONES. I put that question to the Sen-
ator; I put it to every northern man. Have I
not the same right to say that he shall not move
into the territories of the United States with his
particular property, as he has to say that I shall
not move there with my property? If we were
to propose that the man of Massachusetts should
not carry his machinery there, what would the
Senator from Ohio think of that? Would he
not invoke the spirits of the dead to rise up in
judgment against such an unholy exercise of
power* Yet he asks us to submit, tamely to sub-
mit, to a restriction which he would scorn and
spurn as an outrage on his rights.
But, sir, if Congress has power to say that
slavery shall not exist in any Territory, by parity
of reasoning they have the right to say that it
shall exist there. Will the gentleman pretend to
say that we could pass a law saying that slavery
should exist theie? He would resist that to the
bitter end; but when we simply propose to say
that it may or may not exist, accoidmg to the
election of the people of the Territory, he de-
nounces the proposition as a great innovation on
the rights of the North. What right has the
North m this territory more than the South? Did
they pay more for it? Did they contribute more
to it? Are they more responsible for it? Not a
whit. We do not ask for anything but equality.
If we are equal, we insist that we shall enjoy all
the rights and all the immunities which belong to
the condition of equality m this country; and we
will maintain this demand.
There is another objection, in my mind, to the
compromise of 1820. It is one to which I wish
to call the particular attention of the Senator from
Ohio. The Constitution of the United States de-
clares that, * * this Constitution, and the laws of
the United States which shall be made in pursu-
ance thereof, and all treaties matie, or which shall be
mads, under the authority of the United States,
shall be the supreme law of the land." Now, let
us look for a single moment into the treaty under
which this territory wasacquired. I claim theatten-
tion of the Senate to one thing in the treaty, which
has struck me with great force. I do not know
whether it has occurred to other Senators or not;
but there is an article m the treaty made between
France and the United States, by which the very
territory in dispute was ceded to this country,
which declares:
"Art. TIF. The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall
be lficoiporated in the Union of the fTmted States, and ad-
mitted, as  >oon a* possible, according to the principle of the
Fedeidl Constitution, to the enjoyment"! all the rights, ad-
vantages. and immunities ot citizens ot the United States ;
and in iheiihmu time, thoj' he maintained and pro-
tected in the tree enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
the leligion which they profess."
Here is a Constitution which declares that a
treaty shall be the supreme law of the land, and
here is a treaty in which it is positively declared
that the rights of property should be respected in
the Territory thus ceded. Slavery did exist
in that very Territory at that time; and any law
of Congress abrogating the treaty, is, in my judg-
ment, null and void. The treaty declares that the
inhabitants of the Territory shall be protected m
the enjoyment of their property. Slaves were
recognized as property, under the Constitution.
The Constitution provides that the treaty shall be
the supreme law of the land. How gentlemen
can get around this point is something which I
have not yet been able to perceive.
Both the Senators from Ohio, in answering the
point made by the Senator from Illinois, who
charged that the Missouri compromise was pro-
posed to be extended throughout the Territories of
the United States to the Pacific ocean, and which
was rejected, by northern votes, excuse them-
selves by saying that slavery did not exist there
at that time, and that, therefore, to interfere with
it would be to legislate slavery into the Territo-
ries. If that argument is worth anything, it must
work both ways. Those gentlemen excuse them-
selves for voting against the extension of the Mis-
souri compromise linetothe Pacific ocean, because
at the time of the acquisition of the territory from
Mexico, slavery did not exist there, and they
would not agree to legislate it in there. Well, sir,
slavery did exist at the time of the acquisition of
the Territory of Nebraska, and you now propose
to turn round and legislate it out. What sort of
equality is it? What sort of frankness, fairness,
liberality, or patriotism is manifested by such a
course ? You take shelter under that fact in one
Territory, and turn round and deny it in another.
If it justified you in voting against the extension
of the Missouri compromise line to the Pacific,
you admit that you violate that sacred principle
in this Territory of Nebraska, where slavery did
exist at the time of its acquisition, and where it
was expressly provided that it should be protected.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio [Mr*
Chase] who addressed us a few days ago, thought
that it was very strange that this bill should be
supported by members of both parties, who stood
pledged to the Baltimore platforms, m which it
was declared that the question of slavery was set-
tled by the acts of 1850, and that all agitation upon
the subject should cease. He arraigned the friends
of this measure, by saying: You are here to vio-
late that sacred pledge, and to agitate that question.
Before that honorable gentleman, and those who
act with him, can arraign us, they must first vin-
dicate themselves. 1 want to know if either of
the Senators ever concurred in those platforms? I
want to know if either of them gave to those meas-
ures his assent or approval? Both of them may
have acquiesced, but the record shows that they
did not even acquiesce, because here is the re-
corded vote of each of them in favor of repealing
one of those very compromise measures of 1850.
But, sir, as for platforms, it matters not with me.
I do not think there is any great virtue in plat-
forms one way or the other. The only question
before us now, is this: Is there a conflict between
the compromise measures of 1850 and the com-
promise of 1820? I will not pretend that the
compromise measures of 1850 repealed the com-
promise of 1820, because I do not think it is main-
tainable; but this is what I do assert and maintain,
and what I think I can prove, that the spirit, the
intention, and the principles of the compromise
measures of 1850 are inconsistent with the act of
182 ). In what does that inconsistency exist ? It
consists in this: The act of 1820 prohibits, not only*
during its territorial existence, but forever, the in-
troduction of slavery into the territory north of
36° 30'. It is a perpetual, unending, undying pro-
hibition. The whole spirit of the^acts of 1850
declares that this is a question which the people
themselves have a right to settle. The doctrine
contained in the act of 1820 directly invades and
positively infringes upon the rights and sovereignty
of the States.
I have been endeavoring to satisfy the Senator
from Ohio. I doubt very much whether I shall
ever be able to convince him of his error. I should
be most happy to do it, however. I should es-
teem it one of the proudest triumphs of my life if
I could only break the fetters which seem to envi-
ron the mind of that honorable Senator, who, in
