1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
better, performance and ^dispatch of fheduties, and for the
security aud preservation of the records and archives.
2. For the saving of the rents, otherwise to be paid,
which, as the Treasury can spare the outlay, should be its
policy even more emphatically than an individual similarly
circumstanced, as its interests are more enduring than those
of the latter.
3. Prom regard to that rule of equity towards the various
portions and districts of the country which is a necessary
principle of just government.
For these reasons I am of opinion that the Government
should proceed, whilst its means continue to be abundant,
to supply suitable buildings for the accommodation of the
public business at the ports not yet provided for, selecting
the points at which they appear to be most needed, and
providing annually for as many as can, for the time, be
conveniently constructed ; and in expressing ihis opinion,
] see no reason to except, from eventual provision, ports
at which but little revenue is collected, and where a mainly
preventive force Is maintained. The revenue collected
may, to some extent, regulate the size of the building to
be provided, but to leave such points without revenue offi-
cers, requiring such accommodation, would be to invite
illicit imports to such points, to the prejudice of the reve-
nues at large.
These are the ^iews of the Treasury Depart-
ment, in which I say, I think, that the committee
may entirely concur. Alt these appropriations
will be less than one half, perhaps not one fourth,
of what may have been appropriated in one of
your large cities for a custom-house. Still, if the
appropriations shall be made, they will furnish,
at some fifteen or twenty points, ample buildings
which will be safe for the public archives, and
afford all the facilities required in these respective
locations. It-seems to me that it is a wise econ-
omy to adopt that system at this time.
Mr. DAWSON, What public archives are
there in these places to be saved?
Mr. HAMLIN. Why, sir, all the original
certificates which issue from the custom-house
offices—all the papers that relate to the ownership
of vessels—the registers, the enrollments, the
licenses, the bills of sale, the records of the office,
and the quarterly returns that are made to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWSON. My only object was to as-
certain whether any revenue would be collected
atsomeof these points, and to what extent ? Take
Toledo, for instance.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have not the table by me
to state what amount is collected at Toledo; but
if I am right in my recollection, about $70,000 are ;
received theie annually.
Mr. CASS. Between $70,000 and $80,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. But let me say to the Sena-
tor from Georgia, that the amount of revenue col-
lected at a port is not by any means a certain and
true indication of the necessity of public buildings
there, as the Secretary of the Treasury has well
said in his letter. Sir, I can show the Senator a
district which has one hundred thousand tons of
tonnage, and yet pays but very little revenue; but
there are there all the papers relating to that ton-
nage, all the enrollments, all the licenses, all the
bills of sale, and all the records which should be
preserved and protected at least. Consequently,
in districts where there is little or no revenue col-
lected, but where they are actually necessary for
a large tonnage, and are also necessary for the
purpose of piotectmg the revenue, you must keep
up a protective force, because a protective force is
as necessary to enforce the revenue laws, as is a
force to collect the revenue. At these places, the
Secretary has well said that buildings of a less
size, and at o less cost, will be required. The
scale which he has adopted is one going down to
$10,000, and iangin«? up to millions m your large !
cities, although $100,000 is the highest amount1
appropriated for here, that being the appropriation
for a custom-house, with other offices in it at Gal-
veston, in Texas.
The amendment also provides that the sums
therein specified shall be in full for all these build-
ings, with the single exception of an additional
appropriation hereafter to purchase sites. That
cannot be known with certainty and accuracy; but
the cust of each building, varying from §10,000
up to a $1,000,000, can be ascertained, and is as-
certained by the Secretary, who has furnished us
his estimates for every building he has recom-
mended. Allow me to say, as i do not desire to
repeat it, that what he says of the custom-houses
applies also to the marine hospitals. All the ma-
rine hospitals provided for in the amendment are
estimated for, and the limitations and restrictions
contained in the amendment are, that they shall
in no case cost a single dollar beyond the amount
appropriated.
I think, sir, that for these reasons this amend-
ment may well be adopted. 1 will further say,
that the custom-house buildings, which must be in
towns, are also to contain accommodations for the
post offices; and if the United States courts sit in
that place, then we provide that they shall con-
tain rooms for those courts. If there be a board of
steamboat inspectors, or any other board of officers
for whom buildings are hired by the United States,
they are to be provided for in these buildings.
I have but a few words to say in reply to the
suggestion of the Senator from Virginia, that
these appropriations might and should be made m
a separate bill. It may be so, sir; but I think
that Senator has himself offered amendments from
the Committee on Finance which do not legiti-
mately and appropriately belong to this appro-
priation bill. Still, as one member of the Senate,
always anxious to accommodate that committee,
whose duties I know are very laborious, I have
voted, without an exception, to sustain their re-
port. When i told that Senator that the Commit-
tee on Commerce have labored as industriously, if
not intelligently, to consummate objects which are
betiericial to the commerce of the country , I hoped
he would not have interposed an objection here,
particularly when the Senator knew the solicitude
of some of his own colleagues for appropriations
for the State of Virginia, which are contained in
this amendment; although I suppose, of course,
that that would not have any effect upon the Sena-
tor's mind, as it ought not to have. Now, sir, this
amendment is as germane, as proper, as perti-
nent, as the amendment for bringing water into the
city of Washington. My friend suggested that
the adoption of this amendment would endanger
tJJfe bill in the House. Why, sir, what is the his-
tory of the matter? The liouse have incorpor-
ated into the bill every amendment for custom-
houses, some new and some old, winch were asked
to be appropriated for. Did they do that for the
water-works?
Mr. HUNTER. I think this bill contains no
appropriations for new custom-houses.
Mr. HAMLIN. I repeat, that i think I am
justified in saying, that m every instance the
House incorporated amendments for every cus-
tom-house for which they were asked to make an
appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is no appropri-
ation for a new custom-house in the bill, and there
will be none in it, unless the Senator get& them in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is an appropri-
ation in the bill for the purchase of a site for a
custom-house at Providence, Rhode Island.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a continuation of a
former appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not understand that it is
a continuation of a former appropriation, but I
learn thut it is an absolute appropriation for the
purchase of a site there; and the Senate have, very
wisely, I think, added a proviso, giving to the
Secretary of the Treasury the power to make a
contiact for the erection of a building on that site.
There is also an appropriation for the purchase of
a site in San Francisco; but I know appropria-
tions have been made for a custom-house at that
place.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator knows—no man
knows better—that we frequently begin by appro-
priating a certain sum, and we limit the expendi-
ture to that sum; but it is afterwards found that
the site costs more than was expected, and a sub-
sequent appropriation is made; so that it is actu-
ally a continuation, though it may not appear to
be so on the face of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, Mr. President, it is
hardly worth while, I think, to detain the Sen-
ate at length upon what I believe is not a well
founded objection. Every appropriation for every
public work must have an existence somewhere.
Now, I appeal to the Senate if the public works
provided for in this amendment are not as legiti-
mate and as germane to this bill as appropria-
tions that have been recommended by the com-
mittee who had the bill specially in charge?
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Maine has said
everything that I could have wanted to say on the
subject, and has said it better than I could; but 1
wish to say to him that 1 hold in my hand a list
of these appropriations, which I requested one of
the clerks to copy from the statute-book; and in
that list I find but three cases for which special
appropriations have been made for these objects.
Every one of the others has been commenced and
continued by appropriations in appropriation bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was about to say, that I
knew that for most of the works of this character
which have been commenced, the appropriations
were made originally in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. CASS. All but the first three.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, then, it is now too-
late to raise such an objection to the bill.
Mr. MASON. As this debate is to go on, I
must ask the Senate to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill, with a view of going into
Executive session.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let ua take the vote on this
amendment.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to taking
a vote; but it is very important that we should
have a short Executive session, and the hour is
getting late.
Mr. BELL. I should like to know from the
honorable Senator from Maine what principle the
committee adopted m limiting the number of ports
of entry and delivery at which it is proposed to
authorize the building of custom-houses and post
offices at this time ? Is it according to any rule of
population, or is it regulated by the amount of
revenue collected? What is the limitation? !
observe that in the amendment provision is made
for custom-houses, post offices, and United States
court rooms, in a number of places, but I do not
see any decided distinction between many of them
and other places for which no provision is made.
There are also some provisions in the amendment
for the construction of marine hospitals. Whatis
the limitation in regard to them ? 1 inquire forthe
purpose of obtaining information to control my
own course in some degree. I can readily see that
it may be an object of public interest and import-
ance, and that it may be true economy for the
Government to go on, as rapidly as we have the
means, and may find it to be convenient, to afford
these custom-house accommodations to all our
ports of entry and delivery, and post offices for
our large cities; but I should like to know how
soon certain other cities in the Union, unprovided
for in this amendment, may expect to be dealt with
in a similar manner?
But my object in rising was to ascertain whether
any rule had beenadopted in preparing this amend-
ment, dependent on the population or the revenue
collected at the different points. I admit that I do
not make this inquiry disinterestedly, either as to
the custom-houses or to the marine hospitals.
There are in the State of Tennessee two places
very much exposed,and where it would be avery
great convenience, not only to the people of those
places, but to the public, in general, if we could
have marine hospitals there. Conveniences for
custom-houses would also be useful and advanta-
geous there. The city of Memphis, on the Missis-
sippi river, is one of the points most exposed to
the diseases which annually affect passengers,
particularly emigrants, on the Mississippi river.
The town of Nashville is expospd in the same
way. Sometimes yellow fever reaches us, and
frequently the cholera comes up by the navigation
from New Orleans. Neither of these places is a
large city. Memphis is a growing city, and will
be a large place in a few years. It is now a very
considerable city. Nashville is also growing rap;
idly; but, perhaps, not so rapidly as Memphis.
They are both ports of delivery.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow me
to interiupt him, I will give him an answer to his
question. He must see at a glance that it would
j not be practicable to commence marine hospitals
at every point all over the country, where they
may, perhaps, be now necessary, or where they
may hereafter be necessary; nor would it be proper
I to commence custom-houses at every collection
district, all at one time.
Mr. BELL. 1 inquired what was the limita-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will answer him.
Mr. BELL. I agree to what the Senator has
stated.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have read from the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in which he recom-
mends distinctly the erection of a custom-house
at every port of entry, and at every port of deliv-
ery, and suggests that those should be first built
