1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
The bill was then ordered to be engi-ossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was subsequently read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ORR called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cungman
and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 43.
So the bill was passed.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the passage of the bill reported by the Committee
of the Whole, on yesterday, without amendment,
entitled " A bill authorizing the appointment of
an additional number of Indian agents."
Mr. ORR. That is the bill which the committee
agreed to report to the House, without recom-
mending any action upon it. I move that the bill
be laid upon the table, inasmuch as it has already
been anticipated by the Senate.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ojir's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the passage of the bid reported by the committee
on yesterday with an amendment, entitle'! 41 A bill
to provide for the extinguishment of the title of the
Chippewa Indians to the land owned and claimed
by them in the Territory of Minnesota and the
State of Wisconsin, and for their domestication
and civilization.M
Mr. ORR. I move the previous question upon
it.
The previous question was not sustained.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the amendment to insert aftet the woid "trea-
ties," in the twenty-first line, the words " with
the consent of the mud Indians."
The question wan then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment is to
insert after the word " territory," in the thirty-
seventh line, the wouls " in Minnesota."
The question was put; and the amendment was
adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
lead a thud tim^; and having been engrossed, it
was accordingly read a third time, and paused.
Mr. RICL{ A RDSON. The Committee un Ter-
ritories have directed me to report back a petition
asking for an appropriation of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Fort Wayne, In-
diana, to Council Blurts, in Iowa, and to ask to
have the wimt' refened to the Committee on Public
Lands.
It was so ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on
Territories have directed me to report "back a bill
to enable the people of Oregon to form a consti-
tution and State government, and to provide for
the admission of such State into the Union. I
move its refeience to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER And that it be printed5
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; it has already
been printed.
The bill was so referred.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was refened a resolution offered
by the Delegate from Utah, [Mr. Uervhisel,J
have directed me to report the following joint
resolution;
The le&oJuiion was iead by the Clerk, ft au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to appro
priate the sum of $500 for the purchase of terri-
torial libraries for I he Territories of Minnesota.
Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i move that that joint
resolution be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the stat* of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Commute#-- on
Territories have directed aie to report back a res-
olution directing the committee to inquire into the
expediency of putting the clerks of the Legislative
Assembly of U tah on the same footing as those of
IVew Mexico and Minnesota. The committee, in
making that report, say that it appears to them i
, that no necessity occurs for the increase of the
! number of clerks in Utah, as it did in relation to
j New Mexico. The House will remember that in
i New Mexico it was necessary to have a double
S set of clerks, because they had to have what was
i spoken in Spanish translated into English, and
1 what was spoken in English tianslated into Span-
ish, so that the business might be properly trans-
; acted. That is the reason why they have two
' sets of clerks in New Mexico; but the committee
! do not think that that necessity exists in Utah;
; and therefore J move to lay the resolution on the
; table.
j There being no objection, the resolution was
' laid on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move, as there are no
other reports to be made, that the House do now
' resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
i the state of the Union, on the special order of the
! House.
The question was put; and the notion was
; agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itsell into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
; Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed
' the consideration of local territorial business.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, at its last
session, and when u rose, had under consideration
House bill (No. 1G2) to increase the salaries of
' executiveand judiciary officers m Oregon and New
Mexico. An amendment, winch was submitter]
! by the gentleman from Noith Carolina, [Mr.
■ Kerr,] was then pending; and, upon a division
; upon that amendment, tellers were demanded.
The amendment will be reported by the Clerk.
The amendment, was read, as follows:
*/lnd he it fmiher cnaclrd, Tha1" cadi of the judges
of the Teri it<>i >« i ot Orison, Minnesota, Wa^hniyton, If tah,
and Ww Me.\ieo, who haw not hcietotme hr«>u airmailed,
*hall he supplied Willi ;i complete set ot Hi" reports of the
DeeiMons of the Supreme Court ol the I'm red -<iaie-, t|K
United State- Statutes at L tree ; and ASden'- index to the
Decision* ot the Supreme Court ol the United Suites, foi
the Use of tliem>clves and then successors n\ oiftre,
Mr. KERR,. I have been conversim: with some
j of the fnends of this measure since I tillered the
' amendment which has just been read, and 1 am
| inclined to think that the effect of u wdi be to em-
barrass the postage of the hill: nnd, theiefore, with
the consent of the I louse, I will withdraw it.
No objection being made, the amendment "'as
withdrawn.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The next bill which came up for consideration
was Tlou&e bill No. 232, entitled ^ A bill to amend
aa act entitled 'An act to settle ami adjust the ex-
penses of the people of Oiegon ft.,m aifacks and
hostilities of CuyuNe Indians in the year-- 184? and
1848,' " approved August 21, 1852.
The CH A1RM A N. This bit J was ivpt.rted back
J- y the Committee on Territories with un amend-
ment. The Clerk will read the original bill and
the amendment proposed by the committee.
The bill having been read, the amendment was
' read, as follows:
i That the further Mini of,^."(0,000 be, and th<  is
; hetehy, npprojmated, out of «tn> money m th , Trea>uty
i not otherwise appropuated, fm t!,e pa\ nient of the actual
■ and iieecpsaiy expenses incurred by the provisional gov-
, eminent ol Oregon, in detemlui" the people of haul Tem-
! tory liom the ntUu.Uf- and hostilities ot the Caynse Indian-'.
! in the j ears 18-1" and 1^18; and that the Secretary of the
Tiea> ur\ pay out of said apptopnatiou, or so much theicof
us may ne neeess-aiy to liquidate t-airf clanu^, aecoidmq; to
; the repoiK of the Governors of Oietfon, or tne comim-?-
' -ioneis, or eithei of them, appointed under the authority of
the liC^i.-lati\e Av.-embly oi <)ie<:<"m lo ,unlit and allow
j said claim-' ii.av on file iii the Tieumiy Dep.utmer-r
S vc. *1. sl}i<1 be if fuifhtr <~n<!clcd. That the Secretary o!
1 the TicaMiiy is heieby enipowcjed to allow -"amenable
compensation to the eomnn'-'im.ei.^ who have adpidic.U'd
1 the <.\hiw war claims imih t the authonty of the Le i-la-
ture of < )rei>on, if the an aid- of >aid comm's-ioin ir sh-d!
< nave lieen wuuijoned hv ( 'o'i^k.—, and ai-o ;o Eiic clei k
■ employed by (iovermu (iaine* U> ti anserine i"cord.- a.ul
proceedings of the eoimmsMOiieis fn The Ti'immiij Depart -
' meiu, to he paid fiom this appiopn.it'on, on do- pioot.
Sec . 3. And 'ic it further cnnried, That the , Veietary of
tbe 'i tra^nry is hereby ennioueied m >.-• vimiue "any
! award that has been made, and to red imp the amonot, it, iii
his judgment, founded on pro<\', if bo too .much.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, This biii, as origmnlly
. introduced, provided for the appropriatson of un
■ amount about erpud to the expenses of that war,
; now unpaid. The Committee on the Territories
. have reported a substitute, which strikes out the
, original appropriation of >75,000, and inserts
i another of $30,000.
At the time they reported the amendment which
is now pending before the committee, there were
on file in the Department awards which had been
allowed by the commissioner appointed for that
purpose, which probably would not exceed that
amount. In other words, the committee provided
for the awards then on hand. But since that time
awards have been received in addition, amounting
to about $14,000. Awards, however, have been
allowed, amounting to §75,000. Of that there
can be no doubt. The commissioner appointed
to examine and allow these claims certifies over
his own signature that awards have been allowed
to that amount. Now, if we are to provide for
the unpaid expenses of that war, we must, appro-
priate §75,000.
An amendment of the Senate to the deficiency
bill, now pending before the House, appropriates
the whole amount, §75,01)0, for the purpose of
defraying the expenses of this Cayuse war. That
amendment, after being referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, was approved of by them.
They recommend the passage, therefore, of this
whole appropriation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 am unwilling to con-
same the time of the committee, and will detain
them but a moment longer. If this* passes, there
will be no need of the adoption of the amendment
to the deficiency bill, to which I have alluded; and
again, if I could be sure that the deficiency bill
would pass, and that the amendment making ap-
propriations for paying the whole of the unpaid
expenses of the war, there would be no necessity
of the passage of this bill. But if the committee
prefer to pass tlus bill, it will be necessary for
them to reject the amendment of the Committee
on the Territories, or to amend it, if they desire to
covex the entire unpaid expense;; of the war.
Unless this is done, the matter will h;u a Dgain to
| I'ome up for our consideration at r,ome future time.
< The appropriation in the amendment of the corn-
i mittee is entirely insufficient-, and, I repeat, that
ij unless the whole ^75,000 be granted, futiher legis-
!; lation will be necessary.
1 If [ believed the deficiency bill would pass,
either immediately or at any period of the session,
I should recommend that the committee should
pass this bill by foi the present-, but I will sug-
gest to the committee, that if they pass this bill,
the Senate will pass it without difficulty, and that
it will be the quickest way of disposing of the
matter. The people of Oregon have long tried to
set what was due them.
I am inclined to think, Mr. Chairman, that it
would be belter to pas^ this bill, non-concurring
ui all the amenSments of the committee from the
first to the fourteenth line, and concuriing in the
balance. Then it would appropriate $75,000, and
submit all doubtful claims to the consideration of
the Secretary of the Treasury. If, in his judgment,
any are not }ust, he can refuse to satisfy them.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 would buggest to
the gentleman to make o motion to that effect;
after' the statement which he lias made, such a
motion, it appears to me, would be proper.
Mr. LAjNE. I make the motion to strike out
what I hnve already indicated.
Mr. HAVEN. With the permission of th?
gentleman from Oregon, f will submit a substitutp
for his amendment, which, I believe, embodies
as well the views of the Senate as those of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LAjN'E. Let it bo read.
The Clerk then read the substitute, as follows:
That there he, ami hereby i<. impropriated, out of any
nionej * m the Treasury not otherwise appropi nucu, the lur
titer sum of .~7r>.00y to pay the actual and neee^ary ex-
penses lticuired hj the ptovi-tonai government of Oregon,
in defending ?he people ot the s>aid Territory from the attacks
and hostilities of the Cayu-?e Indian* m the years 1847 and
!>•*}*. and lor -oidi allowances for the expenses of adjusting
the eiann^ on that account as the Secretary or the Ttea^ury
may deem propei; and that the Seeretaiy of the Treasury
pay out of .«atd appropriation so much thereof .is may he
nece^aiv to liquidate said claim? according to the reports
of the commissioners heretofore appointed tor a^eettammsj
said amount*, and of CJoveimu of paid Territory that
have been eomniamcated to Concies*.; and no claims shall
hereafter he allowed, on account or thi-« w.>r, which are not
pi evented to the Treasury JJepaitmcn' of thy United States
within the next fise.ti \ eai.
Src. SI. And he v fat ther enacted, That all of said claims
and accounts, not heretofore adjusted, fhail be settled aud
adjusted at such place ami in such manner as the Seeretaiy
oi the Tren«my may prescribe ; and the Secietary of the
Treasury is hereby empowered to reexamine any award
that lias been oi may he made of .-aid claims, and to reduce
the amount, if. in his judgment, founded on proof, it should
he too much.'
