1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1058
Mr. HAVEN. 1 do not desire even to make
an explanation. The substitute corresponds with
the view taken the other branch of* the legis-
lature, as well as that of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. LETCHER. There is part of that amend-
ment of which f do not approve; and that is,
that authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to decide how much is to be paid to the parties
who are to be engaged in this business.
Mr. LANE. It is to be a reasonable compen-
sation.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not care whether it is
reasonable or unreasonable. It seems to me that
the Congress of the United States ought to fix the
compensation for those employed in the discharge
of public duties imposed on them by its own act
Now I have not the greatest respect for the Sec-
retary's judgment about these things. If he acts
in regard to making an allowance that he may
deem reasonable compensation for these services
as he does in regard to the construction of cus-
tom-houses, there is no telling how much it will
cost. I think it is our duty to fix the compensa-
tion here, and leave him no discretion about it.
We can do it as well as he can.
Mr. HAVEN. I will simply sa.y, in reply to
my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] that 110
provision has been made on this subject, for the
reason that the Secretary of the Treasury has sent
up to us the certified and sworn accounts of the
commissioners who have been engaged in this
business; and the Committee of Ways and Means
thought that they were reasonable The accounts
are at the rate of five dollars per diem; and I sup-
pose that the Secretary of the Treasury, if he
adjusts the accounts, will adjust them on the basis
of those sworn and certified accounts sent up.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, if that is the estimate,
I do not think the compensation is unreasonable.
But do not let us leave discretion to this officer to
fix the salaiies of persons employed under the
Government. Let the House fix the compensa-
tion. 1 hope, therefore, that the gentleman will
amend his amendment g>o as to fix such compen-
sation as the Committee of Ways and Means
think a fair and just equivalent for the labors per-
formed.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas. I ask for the reading
of the report accompanying the bill.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend theamend-
ment by inserting after the word "proper," the
words, u not exceeding five dollars per day to
each commissioner."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman is not in order at this time, as there is
already pending an amendment to (he amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I accept the amendment of the
% gentleman from Viigima, [Mr. Letcher,] and 1
propose my amendment as a substitute for the
other amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment reported
by the committee is m the nature of a substitute,
and if the gentleman from New Yoik will with-
draw his amendment, the question can now be
taken upon theadoption oftheamendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. HAVEN. I will withdraw my amendment
for the present.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the adoption of the amendment reported by
the Committee on Territories.
The question was then taken; and theamend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. I now propose the amendment
which was reported to the committee a few minutes
since.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer the following
amendment: to strike out of the second section
the words £$ such place,"and insert in lieu thereof
the city of Washington."
I will explain, m a very tiw words, my object
in offering this amendment. 1 am opposed to
creating any more officers than we can possibly
avoid, for carrying on the affairs of the Govern-
ment. According to my construction of the lan-
guage here used, it would be necessary for the
Secretary to send some person to Oregon. I hold
that these matters should be adjusted with the
Treasury Department here; and I am opposed to
creating any more new officers.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. The gentleman from
Alabama,in niy opinion, misapprehends the mat-
ter entirely, and I will make an explanation which
I think will satisfy him. The Territory of Oregon
took measures to ascertain the expenses of the
Cayuse war, and for that purpose appointed a
board of commissioners, who entered upon their
duties, and allowed to each individual who served
in that w.ir a fair compensation for his services.
The amounts thus certified to were then sent
here to be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury.
All that service has been performed, and awards
to the amount of $175,000 have been made. The
sum of $100,000 has been disbursed, leaving a
balance of $1 20. That is, that much of the
original appropnation of #100,000is nowonhand.
But there are accounts already filed, which have
been heretofore allowed by the commissioners, to
the amount of §35.000; and, 111 all probability, the
balance will be up here before this bill becomes a
law. So that there is no further action at all ne-
cessary to ascertain the expenses of that war.
That has all been done.
The awards are sent here, and paid m Wash-
ington. In the appropriation required now, we
ask that the persons holding awards in their favor,
may be paid at home. But if the awards hereto-
fore allowed, or that may be hereafter allowed,
shall not amount to $75,000, then, Mr Chairman,
the balance will be in the hands of the Treasury,
and will not be disbursed. This act of Congress,
on this measure, will be the last act of legislation
necessary for the ascertainment of the expenses
of the Cayuse war. i hope, therefore, that the
gentlemen of the committee will let it pass.
Mr. COBB. I ruo\e so 10 amend the bill as to
pro\ide that payment be made jn the city of
Washington. By adopting this amendment, we
will not run the n«k of sending persons to Oregon
to pav tip these awards.
Mr, H AVEN. With respect to that matter, 1
think I would be satisfied with the amendment of
: my friend from Alabama, but for the fact that, if
there are any further claims hereafter ai ising from ■
■ this war, the commissioner that ht s been appoint-
ed by the Governor or Legie-latuie of Oiegon will
be regaided as the accent of the iSenetary of the
■ Treasury m ascertaining claims; and hence it is
in accordance exactly with my amendment. The
j Secretary of the Treasury has given us this in-
! formation in a letter communicating the facts. I
will read the following extract from his letter:
" The manner in winch theae claims have Intheito been 1
audited and allowed, should, in my opinion, he changed, by
ptovuiiii^ that the,} should be transmitted to tho Treasury
inr adjustment, together with the roll* and other vouchers
in suppou of them.
vi Ii would aNo he (L'-Mtebl", u> fix a tmu-i foi th > present-
ation of those churns, after w'neh noii" should be allowed ; ,
and if the committee determine to piopo^e the appropria-
tion, I have respectfully to ) ecotnmend that it may he made
subject f> these condition-1. The appreciation will proba-
bly'be suifiiojeut to pay tiie balance of expenses of the war,
as well a* the compensation and expenses of the cornmis- 1
Pionei ; but it \\iii tie piopei to givo authority to make '
these allowance*, a- none now "
Now, the committee thought it would be better
to leave the Secretary of the Treasury to make
that order, and have iheia so transmitted for ad-
justment, acroidmi* K; iu1- suggestion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question \a now on
theadoption of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, to strike out the words
4' at such places," and insert in lieu thereof the
words tk m the City of Washington."
The question was taken-, and the amendment
was not agieed to.
The question then required en the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
New Yoik, [Mr. XiAVEV,j which was put; and the
amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then bid aside to be repoited to
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The next lull to be dis-
posed of is Ho ise bill No. *^74, which h a bill for
the payment of the civil officers employed in the
Territory of New Mexico while under military
government. The Cieik will report the bill to
the committee.
The first section was then read.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is now open to
amendment.
Mr. COX. ! should like to have the gentle-
man who may have particular charge of this meas-
ure, inform the House whether or not these civil
officers, whose payment is provided for in this
bill, were military officers at the same time, and
were receiving their salaries as such ?
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
| the gentleman that the bill was reported from the
j Military Committee by the gentleman from Vir-
, ginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] who was in his seat a
few moments since, but whom the Chair does not
now see.
Mr. BISSELL. I would state to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that the member of the com-
mittee who reported this bill is not present, and I
am not as well prepared as he is to explain its pro-
visions.
Mr. OLDS. I move to lay the bill aside in-
formally.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 think there is no necessity
for doing that. I ask that the bill may be read
through.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that there is an executive report, setting forth the
names of the persons who performed the duties,
and showing that those persons were not in the
military service of the country.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask that the bili may be
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been read
through, and also the first section; and the Chair
was about to announce that the bill would be laid
aside and reported to the House, if there were no
amendments to be offered.
Mr. COX. Is the report, to which the Chair
referred, at the Clerk's desk?
The CHAIRMAN. I suppose it is not. It
was made during the last Congress.
Mr. BISSELL. I recollect that this fact
appeared before the committee, that the appro-
priation which was set apart for the payment of
certain officers there did not extend so far as to
comprehend military officers.
Mr. PHELPS (who temporarily vacated the
chair) said: If the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bisseli.J will allow me a moment, 1 will remark
that I recollect some things in relation to these
civil officers in New Mexico. I am acquainted
with several of those officers, as some of them
have been here. General Kearny reached New
Mexico in 1846, and promulgated a code of laws
for the government of the people of that Territory.
That code of laws was compiled by two gentle-
men from Missouri, then engaged in the military
service of the country. It provided for the ap-
pointment of a civil governor, a secretary, an
auditor, and a treasurer. It also provided for the
judges of a district or circuit court—I do not rec-
ollectwhich—fora prosecuting attorney; perhaps
some other county officers were provided for in
that code of laws which was promulgated by
General Kearny.
The Territory of New Mexico was, from that
time, governed under this code of laws, and by
officers who were appointed to discharge theduties
which, by law, were imposed upon them. There
was also an attempt made to collect some money,
and a small sum was collected from the traders,
who resorted to that Territory from the western
parts of the United States, and engaged in mer-
chandise there; but the amount was far short of
paying the expenses which were incurred.
Those officers, under the appointment thus mad*?
by Kearny, continued to discharge their duties,
until the organization of the territorial government
m 1850. and perhaps until 1851, until which period,
according to my impression, the government did
not go into full effect. With some of those officers
1 had an acquaintance, and my recollection is that
none of them were employed in the military service
of the country. They were, most of them, Ameri-
can citizens, residing in New Mexico at the time
of their appointment by General Kearny. One
of them, the Governor of theTenitory, was mas-
sacred by the Indians during an insurrection in
1847. The circuit attorney was also massacred
by the Indians during the same insurrection. But,
sir, I do not desire to detain the committee, and
with these explanations I will close.
Mr. HOUSTON, I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Missouri, who has just
addressed the committee, to the provisions of this
bill, particularly to the second section. The first
section of the bill provides that the difference be-
tween the amounts received by the civil officers in
New Mexico, and the amount of salary allowed
under the organic Jaw of the Territory, shall be
paid out of the Treasury of the United States,
It seems that some §13,000 or $14,000 were
paid to these civil officers out of the treasury of
