1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
which are most important; and so of marine hos-
pitals precisely.
Now, a word in relation to Memphis. There
were some papers before the Committee on Com-
merce in relation to the construction of a marine
hospital at Memphis. At the earnest solicitation
of the Senator's colleague, [Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee,] I went myself to the Treasury Depart-
•ment for the purpose of conferring with them m
order to induce them to recommend Memphis as
a point at which a marine hospital should be now
built; but 1 was told that they had entered into
an arrangement with the local authorities of that
place by which provision could be made better for
the sick, and cheaper for the Government, at pres-
ent, and, therefore, they did not recommend that
as a place where a marine hospital should be built
at this time. At the solicitation of the Senator's
colleague, i held an interview with the Secretary
of the Treasury on that very point. As to Nash- j
vtlle, I will only say, that we hud no papeis be- !
fore us, and we had no application a-sking for any !
appropriation at that place. |
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 agree with the Senator from !
Virginia, that we ought to takqfcp this subject by
itself. It is a large subject, and the reply made j
by the Senator from Maine is not satisfactory.
If, Mr. President, we are to justify any amount ,
of appropriations, or expenditures, upon the
ground that you have done such things before, ;
there is no abuse tor which you cannot find an ;
excuse somewhere m the legislation of this Gov- 1
eminent. Butheieis a question which confess-
edly, according to the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, looks to a wide spread, in-
calculable, and, as I believe,unnecessary expend-
iture of the public money, it. has been the cus-
tom to establish custom-houses at the points where
the revenue is collected. At most ot these ports
of entry and delivery, the business can be donem
a house ten feet by twelve. Every book, every
thing connected with the business, can be kept in
a house for which we would have to pay only
$500, and yet the Government is to commence
building. But we are told now that in these cus-
tom-houses there will be provision made for a post
office. You are already putting three or four mil-
lions upon the producing classes of this country
for the benefit of commerce; and 1 trust the time
will soon come in which there will not be a post
office on the North American continent owned by
the United States. It ought not to be so; for so
long as you do take chazge of it, you not only
carry the great body of the commercial corres-
pondence of the country for nothing, but you put
the cost of it upon the industrious classes of the
United States.
One argument for the erection of these custom-
houses is the want of a place to keep the records.
Sir, half the records grow out of an antiquated
and absurd and restrictive system, which i trust
will not live in the country two years longer—that
is your navigation laws and registers. They
ought to be abolished. It is in accordance with
the principles of a large body of gentlemen on this
floor; and 1 intend to bring the subject to the at-
tention of the Senate, at a very early day, to cut
off this artificial and restrictive syftem, winch
makes these records necessary. Your wrong sys-
tem makes it necessary to build houses to keep
records which are worse than useless, and have no
other tendency than to injure a great poition ot
the people of this country. I do not see why we
should do it.
The Senator from Maine has also proposed to
amend a provision in the bill for the relief of
American seamen m foreign countries, by pro-
posing that a'i seamen sailing in American-but It
vessels shall be included, the use of which I do
not see. If this amendment be adopted, and you
enter into this system of protection to all who sail
under our flag, the difficulty will be this: An Eng-
lishman or Dutchman, who has sailed m our
ships, will ship m New York for Liverpool or a
German port, and he will be earned theie, and
when you get him there you cannot bring him
back; he will be in his own land, among his
friends, and will have no reason to return; but if
you find an American starving upon a foreign
shore, you can send him here. I think it will be
found better to take care of these latter, who are
our own sailors, for we have not a similar power
over foreign ones.
j I therefore trust, after such difficulty in this
j country, and after seventy years have passed m
: which we have not done this thing, that now,
| when it is unnecessary, because four fifths of the
| revenue is collected in New York, and when, ac-
' cording to the laws of centralization, and from
| absolute, necessary, and uncontrollable causes, it
. will continue to increase as long as the Union
j lasts, custom-houses in ports at which little or
j no revenue is colleotcd may bespeedily abolished,
i One half of the custom-houses in the West are
! wholly unnecessary. They are obtained through
| local influence, and not on account of any public
j interest. Our revenues ought to be collected at
! the mouth of the Mississippi, instead of at the
j lurle houses along the Mississippi arid its tributa-
! nes. They aie not necessary to collect the Gov-
, ernment revenues; there should not be one of
them. We ought not, from a sense of economy
and of justice to the people, enter into them; and
1 hope that, perhaps m ten years, weshall not have
a custom house ot this kind. There ought not to
be any now. The people should hold Congress
tesponsible for this expenditure; for they never
will be curtailed until they do.
Therefore, I say, this is a large question, involv-
ing, directly and mdnectly, very great issues, and a
vast expenditure of the pubhc money. We ought
to take it up, and consider it deliberately in the
Senate, and not tack it on a money appropriation
bill. Many questions aie involved in it; there-
tote, even tho.se who are in favor of it ought to
bring it before us in such a manner that it might
be deliberately discussed and considered.
Mr. MALLORY. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the
amendmentof the Senator from Mississippi, to add
to the amendment moved by the Senator from
Maine, the following:
Provided, That no money shall be expanded tbrcustom-
uiKiot the piuvisions ol this net, in places where
the eu&toms do not equal tho expense* ot collection.
Mr. MALLORY. X trust that will not be
agreed to. My friend from Mississippi will see
that it ought not to be adopted, it is based upon
the assumption 
Mr. MASON. This amendment is evidently
to lead to a protracted debate, and 1 hope the Sen-
ator, therefore, will give way and permit me to
move the postponement of the bill, in oidei that
we may have an Executive session.
Mr. MALLOR.Y. 1 shall occupy the floor but
a few minutes, and i desire to proceed now while
the matter is fiesh. 1 say that it must be manifest
to the Senator trom Mississippi, that the provision
which he oilers ought not, to pievail, bteause it is
based upon the assumption that the only use of a
custom-house is for the collection of the revenue;
whereas, one of the most important uses, and one
of the strongest arguments for the erection and
establishment of them, is their use in preventing
an infiaeuon ot the levemie laws, and m carrying
out the legislation of the country upon the rev-
enue, apart and separate from the collection of the
revenue. Why, sir, the entire coasting trade of
the United States makes up the larger part of the
duties of customs officers. There are many of
the most important custom-houses at which but a
small portion ot the revenue is collected, because
their entire duties lie in the transaction of the
business ot the coasting trade.
In relation to the cost of the buildings, I would
remind the Senate that, some years ago, when the
Treasury Department in Washington was con-
sumed by fire, all the Treasury circulars which
hud been written from 1794, or from the origin of
the great commercial act establishing thecollection
of the revenue in this country, and which had ac-
cumulated m our custom-houses, and in the Treas-
ury Department, and which constituted the law of
the land on that subject, being the adjudications
of the Attorney General and the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the questions of revenue, were
burnt; and had it not been for the fact that the
Secretary was enabled to obtain copies of them
from the custom-houses of the United States
which had not been similarly consumed, the
utmost, confusion would have prevailed in the laws
regulating the collection of the revenue. Hence it
is necessary in the erection of custom-houses to
provide buildings to secure their records.
In relation to those records, the Senator from
Georgia seems to scout the idea of having any of
j them at all. He seems to favor the doing away
i with them all. Would he abolish all these dis-
tinctions between foreign and American vessels?
'Would he abolish all evidence of nationality in
• our commerce? Would he abolish all the means
I of ascertaining upon the high seas whether a ves-
\ sel be American or foreign ? If he is not in favor
' of this abolition, how can you provide for the
; discrimination, but by a register of enrollment, a
license, or some other official record? One is
| kept at the Department here. The vessel takes
I one; one is kept here m the office at which the
J record is issued. I think that this is one of the
| most important of the duties of the custom-house,
j Independent of thai, it is necessary for the pro-
i tection of seamen. Our seamen obtain a pro-
j tection with very little trouble, indeed, in our
i custom-houses; and let me say that one half or
. three fourths of the seamen of the merchant ma-
' rine are foreigners, men who were never natural-
■ jzed, and were not born in the country. A record
I of their naturalization, or custom-house naturali-
zation, is their protection, and that is kept in the
custom-houses of the country. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, I shall not detain the Senate further.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to say a few words
- in reply to the suggestions of the Senator from
Georgia. I think iie labors under very serious
misapprehensions. In the first place, I have no
idea that we shall see our revenue system abol-
ished within t^n or twenty years, or within his
lifetime or mine. But conceding that we should
see it entirely abandoned, and all our navigation
laws repealed; conceding that we should see our
whole sy&tem of revenue laws blotted out of
existence, and foreign vessels admitted here to
register upon precisely the same conditions that
American vessels are now registered; admitting
that we shall hereafter draw no distinction between
American tonnage and foreign tonnage—admit it
in H3 broadest scope, and then I ask the Senator
trom Georgia what solitary paper for the protec-
tion and safety of the revenue that is now issued
could be dispensed with ? Not one. You must
have the name of the owner of the vessel, so that
you may know to whom the penalties attach.
You must have bills of lading, in order to know
to whom the cargo belongs. You must have the
vessel properly cleared; you mubt have, 1 again
assert, every paper, every record for the protec-
tion of the levenue laws which you now have, if
you admit foreign vessels on precisely the same
ground as American vessels; and therefore the
reasons which the Senator from Georgia has stated,
to show that there is no necessity for these build-
ings,! think are wrong. The Senator is erro-
neous in his position.
The Senator took another ground, and that was,
that pons of delivery are not necessary along the
valley of the Mississippi. Sir, the Senator had
not considered that well; I am sure he had not.
Let me ask the Senator from Virginia if he be-
lieves that the people of Wheeling could be made
to travel all the way to New Orleans for the pur-
pose of paying their duties, and taking the secu-
rity with them? Most assuredly not. But perhaps
the Senator would say that he would allow goods
I] to be imported directly into Wheeling and all m-
i terior ports, and to traverse two thousand miles
i! inland. If he would, let me ask him what seeu-
i ntv there would be for the revenues of the coun-
| try? Your laws require a vessel to enter at the
fust port that it reaches when it comes from a
i, foreign country—and why? For the purpose of
' protecting the revenue. If you will allow a vessel
'! to run down the Atlantic coast two thousand
i miles, without compelling her to enter a single
port when she comes from a foreign country, i
: ask what would prevent her from discharging her
- whole cargo of goods, and thus keeping up a pub-
'i he illicit trade, without contributing one dollar to
the revenue? It is obvious to every mind the J
' revenue system of the Government is built on that
i; necessity; and, consequently, you must compel a
ij vessel to enter a port that is at the mouth of a
;■ river, or at the first port which she reaches. After
S she has entered and delivered her manifest, and
i! been inspected, then, without breaking bulk, she
II may go direct to another port inland, where her
cargo must conform with the manifest, thus^ pre-
venting any opportunity of entering into an illicit
trade, which v/ould be as broad as the land, if they
could run down all the coast, or two thousand
miles up a met, without entering into a port. 1
