1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
the Territory, from a fund that had to be collected
there. But the second section of this bill, if I
understand it, provide? that we shall pay the entire
amount which was paid as compensation to these
civil officers during that time. I should be glad to
have the gentleman from Missouri give some in-
formation upon that point, and at the same time
point out, if we agree to that section, the dis-
tinction in principle, if there be one, between the
provision made in that section and the payment
of the civil fund of California.
Mr. COX. 1 do not understand the explana-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri as going so
far as to say that this bill provides for the whole
amount designed to be paid to these civil officers.
Now, a single statement, if the gentleman knows
the fact, would meet thesuggestion which 1 made.
1 desire to know whether any of these civil officers
were also military officers in the service of the
United States, and whether they were receiving
their regular salaries at the lime, as of course they
did, as they were military officers of the United
States ?
Mr. PHELPS. My recollection does notserve
me perfectly m reference to the fact suggested by
the gentleman from Kentucky. 1 cannot, there-
fore, answer definitely his question. It may be
that one or two of these civil officers had been in
the military set vice of the United States, and per-
haps weie, at the time. 1 am not certain as to the
fact, in reference to the other officers; but I know
the Governor and secietary were not in the mil-
itaiy service of the country.
In relation to the inquiry made by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] I will say,
that I did not allude to the second section of the
bill when 1 was addressing the committee a few
minutes ago. 1 spoke m leference to the first sec-
tion merely. Of the second section, to which the
gentleman from Alabama specially objects, 1 am
not prepared to express a definite opinion. I cer-
tainly am not at all satisfied that it ought to be
adopted. There was an erroneous estimate made
in the report of the Secretary of War, in which he
showed that a certain sum of money had been
advanced by the Territory, money which had been
made up of taxes levied upon the merchants of
the Territory, and that certain other sums had
been paid out of moneys, raised in some other
manner—perhaps by taxation upon the inhabitants
themselves. But, so far as the payment of the
amount which may be due these persons who dis-
charged the duties incumbent upon them, and the
greater part, at least, of whom were taken from
civil life is concerned, I think it is the duty of the
Government to make allowance for it, and I am,
therefore, in favor of the adoption of the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I move, if it
be in oider, that this hill be passed over for the
present to enable ns to obtain more accurate in-
formation in relation to these matters.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the committee
is in a condition to vote on the second section, at
all events. That section involves a very import-
ant principle, a fact doubtless apparent to every
member. We ought not, therefore, to pass it by
now, after it has received so much consideration;
for it may hereafter come up, when our attention
shall not be so fully drawn to it.
Mr. BISSELL. Allow me to say a word. The
gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] who
reported this bill from the Committee on Military
Affairs, is not now present. He may have had
veiygood cause for inserting that second section,
which does not now appear to us. I confess that I
have not a very distinct recollection of the features
of the bill, nor the principles on which it was
drawn; but as it is proposed to lay it aside inform-
ally until the gentleman from Virginia shall come
in, 1 would suggest that no exception be made,
and that the whole bill be laid aside until he has
made his explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. The difficulty is, that it may
come up at a time when it cannot receive our at-
tention so fully as it should.
_ Mr. BISSELL. Our attention has been suffi-
ciently called to it now.
Mr HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his motion, I will move to
strike cut the second section, so that, if postponed,
it will be with that motion pending.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my motion for
the purpose indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to strike out
the second section. If the committee choose, it
alone can no Mr postpone the bill with that amend-
ment pending:.
Mr. BISSELL. Does the gentleman propose
to take a vote on his amendment now ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would rather do so; but
my proposition is only to have that motion pend-
ing if the bill be laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be informally laid aside.
There was no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill on the Cal-
endar for consideiation is House bill No. 315,
entitled " A bill to establish the office of surveyor
general of New Mexico, to grant donations to
actual settlers therein, and for other purposes."
The Clerk read the bill through.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendment. The first section was
reported, as follows :
u Thai the Pre-ident, by and with the advice and consent
of the Semite, shall be, and he herebj, authorized to ap-
point a f>urve)or general foi New Mexico, whose power
and authority, duties, compensation, and allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, fuel, &.C., shall ho the Farm1 3s now
provided by law for the suiveyor geneial of California; and
he' shall locate his otfiee irom tim>' to time ar such places
as may he directed by the President of the United Stales "
Mr. HAVEN. I have not examined this bill
very closely, but I object to the mode of measur-
ing the compensation of the surveyor general as
provided m it. 1 move to strike out that portion
of the section that relates to his compensation,
and te insert the specific sum meielv that the sur-
veyor general of California receives.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from j
New York name the sum ? .
Mr. HAVEN. I know not what the sum is. j
If the gentleman who repotted the bill is in the t
House, he can inform us what it is. j
The CHAIRMAN. The bill was reported by \
the gentleman fiom California, [Mr. Latham.] j
Mr. HAVEN. I would, then, inquire of the .
gentleman from California what the compensation
of the surveyor general of California is?
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Califor-
nia is not now in his seat; but I have sent to-the
library for the statutes, which will give us the
desired information.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the salary of the surveyor general of Califor-
nia is #4,500.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to strikeout the words
indicated by rne, and to insert that sum, although
I do not piofess to know whether it is a proper
sum or not.
Mr. DISNEY. I would remind the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haven] that this section
provides for clerk hire, office rent, fuel, &c., the
same as are now provided by law for the surveyor
general ofCahforna.
Mr. HAVEN. In answer to the gentleman
from Ohio, 1 beg to remind him that I am not find-
ing fault with the amount, but with the mode of
measuung the compensation of this officer, so that
we can never know what it is without referring
from one statute to'another.
Mr. ORR. I understand from the Chairman
that the salary of the surveyor general of Califor-
nia is $4,500. The salary of the surveyor general
of Oregon is but $3,500. I suppose that it is not
more expensive living m New Mexico than Ore-
gon. I think the California standard is not the
true standard to be adopted by the committee; and
1 suggest, therefore, that we fix the salary of this
officer at $3,500.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman allow me
to state another fact, that the snlary of the sur-
veyor general of Iowa is but $2,500? With that
suggestion, I will accept any reasonable sum which
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
will name.
Mr. ORR. I will suggest $3,500.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
New York orepare his amendment in writing?
The manner in which this section is drawn will
require something more than a mere insertion of
the amendment indicated by him.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose to strike out the
words indicated by me, and insert "$3,000," or
" $3,500," I do not care which.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will see the necessity of submitting an amend-
ment in a different form from that indicated by
him, if he will examine the following language;
" That the President, by and with the€Wvice awi coi>?6ni
of the Senate, shall he, and he is hereby, authored to
appoint a purveyor gener-il for New Mexico whose power
and authojitv, duties, compensation, and allowances for
cletk hire, office rent, fuel, &c , shall be the ««anu  as now
provided by luw foi the suiveyor gcnetal of California-"
Mr. HAVEN. I will prepare an amendment
which 1 think will meet the case.
Mr.ORR. £>efore the amendment is announced,
I would suggest to the gentleman from New York
to say #3,000 as the salary of the surveyor gen-
eral. 1 understand the Governor's salary is only
$3,000.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no objection to that.
The Clerk will so modify my amendment.
The amendment was reported by the Clerk, as
follows:
" That the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, ^hall be, and i- heieby, authorized to appoint
a purveyor general for New Mexico, whose -salary bhall be
$3,000 per annum, and who-e power, authority, and duties,
and allowance- for clerk hire, office rent, fuel, &c., shall
be the same a* th«u now piovided for by law for the suiveyor
general ot California."
Mr. DISNEY took the floor.
Mr. ORR. ♦ Hefore the gentleman from Ohio
commences his remaiks, I would suggest another
amendment to that of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven] 1 propose to amend his
amendment by striking out the word " Cali-
fornia," and substituting " Oregon."
Mr. HAVEN. 1 accept that amendment.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, before the
1 committee reported this bill, we had full consuita-
! tions with the Commissioner of the Genera) Land
: Office, and with the Delegate from New Mexico,
and from all the information we obtained, and all
i the light that could be thrown on the subject, we
1 came unanimously to the conclusion that the ex-
i pense of living was about the same in New Mex-
| ico as in California—that it is quite as expensive
to live m one place as in the other. 1 would here
: remark to the committee, that 1 had no idea the
] bill under discussion would be reached to-day, and
1 therefore did not come piepared to discuss it.
I Mr. Chairman, it will be observed, by refer-
: ence to the accounts, that the compensation of
the surveyor general of California is $4,500 per
annum, as salary. Then there is allowed to him
for clerk hire $11,000 per annum. It is pro-
vided that the salary of a clerk shall not ex-
ceed $2,500 per annum, and that for office rent,
! fuel, and other incidental expenses, such sum as
j may be necessary shall be allowed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior; such sum, however, not to
exceed $10,000. These, Mr. Chairman, are the
sums provided for, and allowed by the statute in
I reference to the office of surveyor general of the
i State of California. I mean the sums allowed by
the existing law. I repeat, that after a full and free
, consultation in regard to the matter, and after full
discussion, both the head of the Land Office and
| myself came to the conclusion that it was right
1 and proper to allow the same amount to the offi-
cers in New Mexico. The conclusion was based
: upon a statement of facts presented to us, to the
ellect that, the expenses incident to an office tn,
and incident to living in New Mexico, would be
as high as in the State of California. If this
were so, we could not perceive why a mode of
payment should be adopted in one case different
from that which prevailed in the other. Nor can
I perceive any reason yet. It is manifest, then,
that if we were right m regard to the facts, we
were right in the conclusions we arrived at. The
committee would do injustice, then, by making
the salaries so low as not to command abilities
adequate to the performance of the duties of the
office.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I desire to make
only one remark. I should like to have the gen-
tleman from New Yoik [Mr. Haven] so modify
his amendment as to provide that the salary shall
be $2,500, and not $3,000.
It is contended by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Disney,] if 1 understand him, that the al-
lowance to the surveyor general of New Mexico
should be equal to the pay of the corn sponding
officer in California, because the expens-es of living
in the former place are as great as they are in the
latter. Well, sir, if you will look at the provis-
ions of this bill, you will find that the surveyor
general of New Mexico is to have an allowance
