1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1§1§
RESOLUTIONS OF CONNECTICUT.
Mr. PRATT, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolutions from the Legislature
of the State of Connecticut; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed:
Whereas, in obedience to the spirit of the Constitution
of the United States, the early policy of the Government
was to discourage, restrict, and repress slavery, and where-
as the National Government has been swerved from its
original course on this subject; and whereas, the compro-
mise of 1820, by which slavery was prohibited m all the
territory then held by the United States north of 36® 30',
has been repealed by act of Congress; and whereas, it is
proper, m view of this calamitous and unexpected event,
that the State of Conneciicut should proclaim her princi-
ples, and the line of policy she proposes to pursue, m rela-
tion to the subject of slavery ; now thciefore,
Resolved by this •Assembly, in the name and in behalf of
the people ot this State, that we still cherish the great pi in-
ciples of the Constitution, and based upon these principles,
the Union of these United States.
Resolved, That the Federal Constitution, ordained to
form a more perfect union, to establish justice, and to se-
cure the ble^ing^ of hbem, expiesslv denies to the Gen-
eral Government the power to deprive any person of life.
liberty, or property, without due process of law, and that
the Government having no more power to establish slavery
than to establish a monarchy, should at once proceed to
relieve itself from all responsibility for the existence of
slavery, wherever it possesses constitutional power to Iegis
late for it^ extinction.
Resolved, That this General Assembly, in view ot the
fact that the compromises heretofore made on the subject
of slavery, oy act of Congress, have virtually been repudi-
ated and depuved ot their moral force and authority, by
the repeal of the act prepaiatory to the admission of Mis-
souri, approved .March G, 18-20, do declare their determina-
tion to muni to the original policy of the Government,
founded upon the Constitution of the United States.
Resolved, That, in the opinion ot this General Assembly,
the people of Connecticut demand the repeal of that part
of the bill for the oiganization of the government of Kansa.s
and Nebraska, which declarp^ the Missouri compromise
inoperative and void, and will persevere m this demand
until the restriction of slavery contained in the act ot l&JU,
shall be restored to full force and effect.
Resolved, That the Hon. Isaac Toncey, a Senator of
the State of Connecticut, m the Congress ot the United
States, having, by his vote on she final of the bill
tor the organization of the Territoue1' of Kansas and Ne-
braska, disobeyed the solemn and deliberate inductions of
the Legislature, and disregarded the wishes, the interest's,
and the principles of the people of this State, deserves to
be, and hereby is, censured by this General Assembly.
Resolved, That the thank* ot the Geneial Assembly are
hereby tendered to such of our Senators and Ilepresema
lives in the Congress of the United Stat.-s as have opposed,
by ail legal and constitutional means, and to the last ex-
tremity, the passage of the act by which the Missouri corn-
promise has been jepealcd.
Resolved, That our Senator* in Congre<* be instructed,
and our Representatives be requested, to introduce into the
Congress of the United State*, and vote in tavor ot, such
an amendment of the law commonly known a?- the fugitive
slave law, as shall secure to every person claimed under
said law, the r.ght of trial by jury m the State where *ueh
person limy be arrested and held to trial.
Resolved, That a copy ot these resolutions lie transmitted
to our Senators and Repiesentativesin the Congress of ihe
United States, to be by them laid before that body. . /'
Mr. PRATT, in presenting: the resolutions,
said: Mr. Speaker, the resolutions relate to the
recent action of Congress on an important subject;
and inasmuch as an esteemed colleague in the
other branch of this body [Irion. Mr. Toucey]
comes in for a vote of censure, 1 had, until the
introduction of them into the Senate, felt it to be
my duty not to present them to the House without
a few words of explanation.
Since, however, the honorable Senator has taken
occasion to give to the Senate and the country his
views upon the important questions involved in
the resolutions, 1 shall refrain from saying any-
thing further than simply to express my dissent
from the course pursued by the majority of the
Legislature, in assuming to censure a public ser-
vant for not obeying the instructions of a party
which has uniformly repudiated the doctrine of
instructions.
Had the Senator received instructions from a
Legislature controlled by the party to which he
is indebted for his seat, I take it for granted he
would have obeyed, or resigned; if not, a vote of
censure would, under such circumstances,be con-
sistent, and, in rnv judgment, highly proper. That
many, perhaps most of the members of the Legis-
lature, who favored the passage of the resolutions,
acted from conscientious motives, I entertain not
the slightest doubt. With most of the gentlemen
I have the pleasure of a personal acquaintance. I
know them to be high-minded, honorable, and
patriotic. While I would not question the motive,
I have a right to question the consistency of the
act.
Much as 1 regret that the honorable Senator
saw fit to vote for the repeal of the Missouri com •
promise, I cheerfully concede to him the same
freedom which I ask for myself, of voting ac-
cording to the dictates of my own judgment; and
I cannot concur in this vote of censure upon him
' for the free exercise of his undoubted right.
There are important principles involved in the
resolutions, and remedies proposed for the griev-
ance inflicted upon the country by the late act of
Congress, which I do not propose in this connec-
tion to discuss. This is not the appropriate occa-
sion to enter into a discussion of the questions to
which the resolutions relate. '
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I have always been ]
opposed to the agitation of subjects connected with .
slavery, believing, as I do, that such agitation is ;
fraught with mischief and danger, and tends only |
| to harm. For this reason I helped to establish the j
| Baltimore platform m 1852. For this reason, i
j acting in conformity to the spirit of the Baltimore j
j convention, 1 opposed the repeal of the Missouri j
| compromise. In reviewing my course of conduct i
| in relation to this question, 1 am sustained alike |
| by the reflection that I have faithfully represented j
I the sentiment of the great majority of my con- :
f stituents, and the proud consciousness that I have
• discharged my duty in accordance with my own |
I convictions of right. j,
| Mr. Speaker, the resolutions under consider- i|
j ation contain a censure of my colleague, for the
| alleged reason that he saw fit to disregard certain i
j instructions previously given. These instructions, j;
i as 1 have before remarked, were voted by a ,
I party which has heretofore uniformly repudiated ;
| the very doctrine of instruction. These instruc- '
: tions and this censure come, too, from a party ;
i whose political action in the Legislature has been .
j inconsistent with itself; a party which at the out- .
set, or rather at the commencement of the session, !
proclaimed the obiiteiation of old party lines of
demarkation, and the sole issue of the Nebraska ^
question: yet who, nevertheless, took the earliest i
opportunity of removing from office every Demo-
crat, for the one reason that he was a Democrat, and
without reference to his views on this subject, j
Moreover, they were originated by a few design - :
mg politicians in the Legislature, for the object of ;
shaping certain party ends—men who, by ready ;
professions, and the adroit appliances known to j
active demagogues, have secured positions from !
whence they derive a power to direct legislative !■
action in a manner widely variant from the general ,
sentiment of the people, i allude here to a few j
scheming political leaders, and not to the more 1
honest members, who ma)' have been made the •
unsuspecting parties to a covert political design.
If the resolutions referred to had simply rcpu- >
dialed the proposition lo repeal Ihe Missouri compro-
mise, and there ended, they would doubtless iiave j
been almost unanimously supported in the Legis- j
lature, and would have received the sanction of an f
overwhelming majority of the people of Connec- ,
j ticut. Oil that question there is scarcely a divis- j
, ion of sentiment in my State. But they went
| further, and involved propositions directly at war
] with the fundamental doctrine of State-lights.
Under circumstances like these—coming, as the
i resolutions do, from a party who have exerted
, themselves to the utmost to pievent the election of i
i Mr. Toucey to the honorable post which he now
| fills—it might reasonably be expected that he
! would hesitate to acknowledge their binding force
i and validity.
j Mr. Speaker, I have long felt that the friend-?;
: of the Republic have more to fear from political >
I aspirants and demagogues, in our National and ■
! State Legislatures, than from any other source. ,
! If the people would select for their public ser-
| vants men of tried patriotism, integrity, and firm-
[ ness, men whose actions correspond with their
i professions, and who would accept office for the
| purpose of serving their constituents, and pro-
j moting thewelfare of the country, instead of those ;
i who seek to obtain U by insincere professions, '
' and fair promises: I say if such men controlled
! the councils of the States and nation, agitation
| would cease; the country would be quiet and ,
I prospeious—a result most sincerely to be deshed 1
| by all true friends of the Union.
' In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permit me to sf>y, ,
in behalf of the patriotic citizens of Connecticut,'
that however deeply they may feel the violation '
of the good faith of the nation, which was effected !
by the repeal of the compromise of 1820, yet, not-1
withstanding some of tVe hasty acts of the late,.
Legislature may indicate a spirit of nullification,
I can assure this House and the country that the
masses of that gallant old Commonwealth still
cherish the Union, and will remain true to the
Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] to reconsider the vote by
which the fortification bill was passed, and to lay
that motion upon the table.
PRIVATEER PENSIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
House, I will withdraw that motion. While f still
have the floor, I desire to call upon my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] if he is in his
seat, to withdraw his motion to reconsider the vote
by which an amendment to the pension bill was
passed in the early part of the session. The bill
came into the House from the Senate with an
amendment, in which the House concurred, and
my friend from Pennsylvania moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to.
I desire now that he shall call up his motion, so
that wo may act upon it, and the pension bill be
finally disposed of.
Mr. FLORENCE. In accordance with the
gentleman's request, I now call up the motion to
reconsider, and I will state, as briefly as I can, my
reasons for desiring that the motion maybe acted
upon, if it is the pleasure of the House. At the
time i made the motion to reconsider the vote
upon the passage of the invalid pension bill, there
was a clause in it appropriating $2,800 to pay as
pensioners those who had served in private armed
vessels in the war of 1812. In the deficiency bill
there was an item of some thousands of dollars 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of order.
Is this proposition debatable? /
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have the floor upon a
motion to reconsider, and I suppose I can debate
it. I intended to state my object in making the
motion to reconsider, and then leave the matter to
the House to determine for itself.
The SPEAKER. That proposition involves,
as the Clerk informs me, a question of order,
raised by the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] at the time the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania made his motion. The Chair decided
that the motion to reconsider was in order. From
that decision an appeal was taken, and that ques-
tion is now pending.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will state in one moment
the object that I had in view. The deficiency bill,
at that time, was under consideration, and ha & m it
an item paying the deficiencies to privateer pen-
sioners.
[homestead bill.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that the Senate had
passed 'he homestead bill, with amendments.]
Mr. FLORENCE, (resuming.) That item
m the deficiency bill for paying these privateer
pensioners for the fiscal year ending July 1,1854,
passed the Senate. The object of my moving to
reconsider was to insert into the deficiency bill,
which had received the sanction of the Senate,
this item of §1,800 to pay for as many privateer
pensioners as there are on the list for this fiscal
yenr, beginning the 1st of July, 1854. The op-
position that was made to it in the Senate 
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield me the floor for an
instant5
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBB. While the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is breathing, 1 may accomplish the object
for which I rose. 1 see that a bill has just come
in from the Senate proposing to effect many ob-
jects—1 mean the homestead bill. If the House
be willing, i wish an order to be made directing
the bill and amendments to be printed for the ben-
efit of the House, so that when the matter comes
up to be acted on in this body it may be thor-
oughly understood. I hope that order will be
made.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE, (resuming.) In order, Mr.
Speaker, that the House may be able to vote in-
telligibly on this motion to reconsider, I will just
