840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 6,
Mr. "JONRS. The Senate have nonconcured
in the amendment of the House to the first section
of the bill. The question wili first be, whether the
House will recede from that amendment or not.
The SPEAKER. That is the parliamentary
mode of putting the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is one amendment
made by the Senate which I regard as of vast im-
portance, and I hope the House will vote upon it
by itself; I mean that one which requires the dis-
bursing officer created by this bill to make his
deposits under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, i regard that amendment as vital to
the law, and I am satisfied that there is no objec-
tion to it here. 1 do not want, therefore, to link
that amendment to the one that gives additional
salary to the Secretary of the Senate, as it would
thereby be endangered, and 1 regard it as vital to
the law itself.
The SPEAKER. The question is on receding
from the following amendment proposed by the
House to the bill of the Senate: In the first sec-
tion, strike out the words: "and officers, and for
contingent expenses."
Mr. JONES. The House proposed to strike
out those words; the Senate have non-concurred
in that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The effect of that amend-
ment of the House was to separate the contingent
fund of the Senate from their pay and mileage.
The House, by receding from that amendment, will
make the Secretary of the Senate the disbursing
officer for both those funds, and I do not think
that is objectionable. We do not want the yeas
and nays on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends that
the yeas and nays were demanded only on the
amendment in relation to the salary of the Secre-
tary of rhe Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is the proposition on
which I demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
question will he taken without the yeas and nays
upon the other amendments.
The question was then taken on receding from
the first amendment of the House, and it was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on receding from the
following amendment of the House:
"Strike out the following words from the eleventh sec-
tion: 'And shall he allowed the sum of one thousand dol-
lars per annum as compensation over and above his- salary
as Secretary of the Senate for the duties hereby imposed
upon him."
Mr. OLDS. I move that the House insist upon
its amendment. The yeas and nays, I believe,
have already been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The parliamentary usage
has been to put the question on receding.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. We, m this part of
the Hall, Mr. Speaker, do not understand upon
what the question is now to be taken. By con-
sent I ask that the section of the bill be read by
the Clerk,as it is proposed to be amended by the
House.
The section of the bill alluded to was read by
the Clerk, as requested.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon reced-
ing from the amendment of the House, so that
those who are in favor of granting the Secretary
of the Senate the $1,000 additional salary pro-
posed will vote " aye;" those opposed " no."
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hand of
Sidney Wrbster, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Without detaining
the House, I have only to remark this: After a
very full conference with the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate, the House committee agreed,
as they gave up everything connected with princi-
ple in that bill, to allow them, if it be the pleasure
of the House, to retain the salary of $1,000 for
their Secretary, for the sake of establishing by law,
and getting the sanction of both Houses of Con-
gress, to the points: First, that the Auditing Com-
mittee of the Senate should not pass vouchers, and
make them conclusive upon officers of the Treas-
ury Department; and, secondly, to the fact that
these contingent funds must be kept in the Treas-
ury of the United States. It strikes me that it
would be treating the Senate disrespectfully, and 1
with some severity, to refuse to allow the salary, ■
after they have given up the two points which they ]
made with so much fervor and vigor. I
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. The salary of the
Secretary of the Senate is now $3,000 per annum.
That body sent us a bill imposing, as they say,
additional duties upon that officer, and proposing,
in consideration therefor, to increase his salary
$1,000, and to make it $4,000 instead of $3,000
per annum.
When the House had this bill under considera-
tion, it struck out so much of the bill as proposes
to increase the salary of the Secretary $1,000.
The bill went back to the Senate. In that amend-
ment they non-concurred. They now send it to
us, and the question for the House to vote upon
now is, whether we will recede from that amend-
ment or not. Those who are in favor of increas-
ing the salary of the Secretary of the Senate $1,000
will vote "aye*," those who are opposed to re-
ceding, and opposed to giving him that increase of
salary, will vote " no," and they will vote against
the increase of salary. This is the question at
present before the House, and no other part of
this bill is, as I conceive, now before us.
Mr. WALSH. Inasmuch as the proposition
was plainly and intelligently stated by the Chair,
and as there appears 10 be no new light thrown
upon the subject, I demand the previous question.
The previous question was ordered, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The previous question being, "Will the House
recede from its amendments to the Senate bill?" it
was put, and there were—yeas 66, nays 103; as
follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Appleton, Thomas H. Bayly, Ra'l,
Barksdale, Benson, Benton, Bissell, Breckinridge, Bugg,
Campbell, Chandler, Churchwell, Corwm, Cox, Crocker,
De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Dowdcll, Dunbar, Edmunds*,
Ednmndson, Farley, Flagler, Florence. Franklin, Goode,
Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Uariu>on, Haven,
Iliil, Howe, Hum, Kerr, Lindlev, McDnugall, NcNair,
Maoy, Maxwell, Mayall, John G. Miller, Mordeeai Oliver,
Peckham, Pennmgion, Phillip*, Powell, Pungle, Ready,
Kiddle, David Ritchie, Sapp, Samuel A. Smith, Richaid
ii. Stanton, Alexander H". Stephens,Straub, John l. Tay-
loi, Jphani, Vail, Walbruiaf, IClhiiu B. Wa^hburne, Israel
Wa«hhum, Tappan VVentvwrtli, and Dan*! (j.VVriuht—G6.
NAYS—Me^rs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe, Belch<;r. Bennett, Bliss, Boyue, Brooks, Carpen-
ter, Chamberlain, Chastam, Chn*inan, (Jlaik, Clin^man,
Cobb, Colquitt, Cook, Craige, Outturn, Curtis Cutting,
JobnG Davi*«,Thoma* Davis, Dawson. Dent, o,cj4j [>rU|Uj
Dunham, Ed^erton, Ellison, Knplish, Faulkner, Fmiton,
Fuller, Gamble,Guldings, O'reen, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew
J. Harlan, Sampson W. flairis, Hastings Hundncks, Hib-
bard, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige \v. Jones, Roland
Jones, Kittnjdire. Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, L«;tchei. Lilly,
Lnidsley, McCulloch, Macd«mald, MeMullin, Mc&ueen,
Mac;e,Matteson,Middlesvvarlli,MiIlM)n, Morgan, Mori ison,
Murray, Nichols Norton, Old*, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Jolin
Perkins, Puryear, Thomas Ritchey, Robbms Ruffin, Rus-
sell, Sabin, Sage, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Simmons,
Skelton, Gernt Smith, Wilham R. Smith, Georee W.
Smyth, Snodgracs, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Andtew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Vansaru,
Wade, Walkei, Walsh, Wells, Wheeler, and Witte—103.
So the House refused to recede from its amend-
ment.
Mr. DISNEY. There is upon the Speaker's '
table a railroad bill from the Senate, which 1 de- :
sire to have taken up, and referred to the Commit- I
tee on "Public Lands. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark to j
the gentleman that there are other amendments to )
the pending bill yet to be acted upon. '
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to reconsider the ■
vote by which the House refused to recede from !
its amendment, and that the motion to reconsider , i
be laid upon the table. j!
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to. ij
Mr. HOUSTON. There are other amendments 'i
to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the j'
next amendment. i,
The amendment was read, as follows: ■!
11 Stiike out the words 4in lieu of/ and insert instead •
thereof the words ' m addition to.' "
Mr.HOUSTON". The amendment just reported li
is found in the first part of the second section of ii
the bill, where the Committee of Ways and Means, 11
say, ''In lieu of the bond heretofore given, he «'
shall give,&c." The House struck out the words i|
" in lieu" and instead thereof inserted " in addi- !l
tion to." The Senate nonconcured in that;!
amendment, and proposed to retain the words " in !
lieu. The Senate have added a third section '
which requires the Secretary of the Senate to de-
posit his funds under the direct control of the
becietary of the 1 reasury, and thereby obviates,
as 1 tnink, ihe difficulty which the House amend-
ment was intended to meet.
The question being put, l< Will the House re-
cede from its amendment? " it was decided in the
affirmative.
The next amendment reported was as follows:
£< Insert after the words <by the,' in the twenty-third line,
the word i first;5 and, also, alter the word 'the,5 in line
twenty-nine, the woid ' first.'"
Mr. HOUSTON. There are two amendments
of precisely the same character. The Jpiil, as it
came from the Senate, says that the bond shall be
taken by the Comptroller of the Treasury. Upon
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means, the House amended the bill so as to
say the bond should be taken by the First Comp-
troller. In a conference with some of the Senators
who have examined this subject, they say that
the law, of which this is a copy, used the word
"comptroller" without saying which one, and
the construction has always been that it meant
First Comptroller. If the Houye yield the amend-
ments which they made, in this respect, it will
leave the matter as it stands under the construc-
tion to which I have referred.
The question being put, " Will the House recede
from its amendments?" it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is still anotheramend-
ment, in the shape of an additional section. The
Senate had a third section to the bill, which ex-
empted their accounts from being audited at the
Treasury Department. The House struck out
that third section. Upon the return of the bill to
the Senate, the Senate agreed to that amendment
of the House, thereby yielding the third section,
but they have agreed to our amendment with an
amendment. They propose to put m the place of
the third section, which we struck out, the section
which, is before the Clerk, and which I desire to
have read.
The third section was then read, as inserted in a
preceding part of the proceedings.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
Senate amendment, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
The title was then amended, so as to read:
"To constitute the Secretary of the Senate a disbursing
officer for the purpose therein mentioned.'5
Mr. DISNEY. I ask leave of the House to
take up a railroad bill, for the purpose of referring
it to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BiSSELL. I hope the House will not
consent to that.
|i [Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
ji Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, House bill of
| the following title:
j "Ail act giving further time for satisfying; claims
M for bounty lands, and for other purposes;" which
! thereupon received the signa'ure of the Speaker.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
! ton's motion to suspend the rules, and there
! were—ayes 5G, noes not counted.
j So the House refused to suspend the rules.
; THE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a joint report relative
: to the rescue of the sufferers 011 board of the San
Francisco.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I object, and call for
the leijul.ir order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. OLDS. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have instructed me to report the
followinsr bill 
Mr. CHANDLER. I was about to ask a sus-
pension of the rules, to allow me to present the
report I have indicated.
Ihe SPEAKER. It is in order for the gentle-
man to make that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move a suspension
of the rules, to enable me to introduce the resolu-
tions which I hold in my hand.
Mr. OLDS. Will that motion be in order until
the report of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] had not yielded the
floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a report, of some
