1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the definition. 1 should iike to know what a per-
manent appropriation is ? He understand by an in-
definite appropriation? He says that it is no ap-
propriation at all. What, then,does he understand
by a permanent appropriation ?
Mr. DISNEY, it is a standing order, direct-
ing that the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay
so much of the public money as is necessary to
meet certain contingencies provided for m acts
passed by Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says that a
permanent appropriation is a standing order, di-
recting that so much of the public money shall be
paid as is necessary to meet certain contingencies.
But you direct here, in this bill, that just the same
amount shall be allowed this officer in New Mex-
ico as is allowed the same officer in California, is
that not a standing order'' Is it not continuing an
appropriation just as much as if it was a per-
manent appropriation ? An indefinite appropri-
ation is to cover an expenditure, the amount of
which is not known. But the gentleman says
thatan indefinite appropriation is no appropriation
at all. In that he is mistaken; because we
often make appropriations of money to meet ex-
penditures, the amount of which is not known.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Alabama
seems to be laboring under the idea that this
allowance is an appropriation. No money can be
drawn from the Treasury except by law. An
individual may have a claim against the Govern-
ment of the United States which is legitimate, and
recognized as such, but unless a specific appro-
priation of money be made to discharge that debt,
the Secretary of the Treasury cannot pay it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take the gentleman's cor-
rection to be 
Mr. DISNEY. 1 only desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question, and thatis, if this bill become
a law, whether the salary, or this allowance, can
be paid to the parties indicated, without a specific
appropriation by lav/, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay it?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will recol-
lect that I commenced my remarks by differing
with him in the construction of this provision. I
understood him as indicating that this was an ap-
propriation of a gross amount, and 1 questioned
the correctness of that construction. But he
says that I will not recognize the difference be-
tween an appropriation atid the language of this
section. Suppose there is no appropriation made
in this bill; what is the Lull then ■' Vv 'jy there is
an obligation to appropriate money, and you are
bound lo make it The gentleman himself ac-
knowledges that it creates an obligation to the
amount of the sums specified for this officer in
California. It could not be in any other way.
That is the express language; and we simplygive
the power, and authority, and cnmpenssiion to
the surveyor general of New Mcu.-o, such as the
existing^ lav/ confers oil the surveyor general of
California; and, in addition, we say he shall have
the same allowances for clerk hire as the surveyor !
general of California. Now, you cannot draw
any distinction between them; and if, at this ses-
sion of Congress, you appropriate $50,000 for the
surveyor generalship of California, I would like
gentlemen to tell me whether, under the terms of
this amendment, the like officer m New Mexico
would not be entitled to the same sum?
Mr. DISNEY. 1 ask the genii emnn from Ala-
bama how he can make that appeal ? 8u far as
the salary of the surveyor general is concerned,
that is fixed by the terms of the act. So far as the
salaries of the employees of the surveyor general
are concerned, that is a matter of contract between
him and the employees. And 110 matter what
further allowances the Ifoase may pass for the
office of the surveyor general of the State of Cal-
ifornia, does that give any right to one of the em-
ployees of the surveyor general of New Mexico
on which to base a demand for additional salary
or allowances ? ag
Mr. HOUSTON. To elucidate more clearly
my objection, I will make this point. The sur-
veyor general of California employs twenty
clerks. Nov/, 1 would like to know if the sur-
veyor general in New Mexico can also employ
twenty clerks ; And could we control him by an
appropriation, whether he might need such a
number of clerks or not? The estimate in not
made with respect to the wants of New Mexico,
but it is simply a proposition that that Teu-itory
May 2.
shall have what California has in reference to the
office of surveyor general. Whether the clerks
are necessary or not, whether these incidental ex-
penses are necessary or not, the surveyor general
of New Mexico would have a right to charge the
same sum for rent, fuel, and incidental expenses,
as that allowed to the same officer in California.
In my opinion, that sort of legislation is exceed-
ingly objectionable.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I have put my
amendment into a form a little more grammatical
than that reported. I have sent it up to the
, Clerk's desk, and ask to have it read.
The amendment was accordingly reported, as
follows:
That the President, by and with ilie advice of the Senate,
idiall be, and is hereby, autliori/.ed to appoint a surveyor
general for New Mexico, whoso annual salary shall"he
153,000, and whose power, authority, and duties shall be
the same as those provided by law for the surveyor general
ot' Oregon. He shall have the proper allowances for clerk
hire, office rent, and fuel, &.C., not exceeding what now is,
or what hereafter may be allowed by law to the surveyor
general of Oregon ; and shall locate Ins office, fioni time
to time, at such place as may be directed by the President
01 the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Taylor] proposes to strike out
" $3,000," and insert m lieu thereof " S3,500."
Mr. LETCHER. If I am correct in my recol-
lection, the Governor of New Mexico receives
#3,000 a year, §1,500 as Governor, and $1,500 as
superintendent of Indian affairs. My impression is
that it is $3,000, but a gentleman behind me thinks
it is $2,500. If the Governor of that Territory,
who is the chief executive officer in it, who is
bound, to some extent, to keep open house for
the accommodation of all who choose to call upon
him, can live upon a salary of $3,000, why cannot
the surveyor general live upon a like salary > The
only reason which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] assigns why the surveyor general cannot
live upon $3,001) is, that the expenses of living
there are exceedingly high, and, as far as he has ;
been able to collect information, as high as they 1
are in California. I apprehend that in this the j
gentleman is entirely mistaken. What ran up :
prices in California? Did not the prices run up I
there from the fact alone of the discovery of gold?
No such consideration applies to New Mexico. 1
If I am correctly informed, corn and wheat can ;
be raised in New Mexico, and the inhabitants '
thus supply themselves with their own bread.
To n great extent, too, they can supply their own
meat; and I cannot understand what ii is that !
multiplies the cost of living there, so that the sur- j
veyoi general cannot live upon a salary equal to
that which IS given to the Governor of the Ter- j
ritory. j
Mr. HOUSTON". The Governor does not re- j
c five $y,f>00 for his services as Governor, as tho 1
gentleman seems to suppose. He receives $1,500
per annum as Governor, and $1,000 as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama corrects me. The gentleman says he re-
ceives $1,500 as Governor, and $1,000 as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, and it is proposed to
increase it to $3,000 for the performance of both
duties. X cannot imagine how this House can
come to the conclusion that a subordinate officer
needs a larger salary for his support than the
chief Executive officer. He does not have to en-
tertain one third the number of visitors which the
Executive does, and he cannot have near as many
charges upon him as the Governor of the Tern-
j tory must have.
Mr. WASHTHJRNE, of Illinois, (in his seat.)
It demands a higher ouler of talent to be sur-
veyor.
M!'. LETCHER. I do not know about that.
The gentleman says it requires a higher order of
! talent to perform the duties of surveyor general
1 than it does to perform those of (he Governor.
. Mr. DISNEY. Does the gentleman suppose
1 there is any sort of comparison between the labors
j of the Governor and those of the surveyor gen-
, eral, who has to superintend the surveys of all
! that vast country, look to the discharge of the
i complicated duties connected with it, provide the
■ returns, &c.,&c. ? Does the gentleman imagine
there is any comparison ?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman displays his
I accustomed ingenuity in dodging out of a hard
- place, and trying to secure a better one. In his
former remarks, this salary was to be increased
because the expenses of living required it; but now
that the gentleman is pressed upon that point, he
abandons that ground, and says it is to be done
because of the great amount of labor which he
has to perform.
Mr. DIfeNEY. I abandon no ground which I
have taken.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentlemen is not
to be understood by the expressions which he
uses upon this floor. I take the gentleman's views
from what he says; but that is not the rule by
which he wishes his position interpreted. He
abandons the only point which he has presented
throughout his whole argument, and presents a
new point, and yet says he has not abandoned the
ground he previously occupie*. I do not think
that many of us will agree in that conclusion.
But so far as this question of labor is con-
cerned, I would ask what is the labor of all these
officers? Is not a day's labor of each officer of the
Government the same, whatever may beits char-
acter? In the case of the surveyor general, of
whom we are speaking, he has his assistants who
performs his duties, and relieve him from a vast
amount of labor. But is there no labor to be per-
formed upon the part of the Governor, who
has to travel over the Territory, visit the Indians,
and negotiate and arrange treaties with them?
j All these things are required to be performed by
I him, and it strikes me that these labors imposed
upon him, as superintendent of Indian affairs, are
as great as those of the surveyor general.
But here, again, the gentleman says that if you
fix the salary at $3,000 you will get nobody to
take the office. I wish I could see the time come
when somebody would refuse to take an office
because the salary was only $3,000 !
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, tio do I.
Mr. LETCHER. I have heard that here in
Washington the salaries are exceedingly low, and
yet we have not only all the offices filled, but we
have those who endeavor to get others turned out
that they may take their places.
Now, sir, I say that $3,000 is a compensation
too large for the services of this officer 1 hope
the House will not go on increasing indefinitely
the salary of every man v/ho comes up here and
makes application, to such an extent that you
draw off his affections and his allegiance from his
j State. I see no reason why you should pay your
| Federal officers higher salaries than the States
l[ where they are located can afford to pay for ser-
j| vices uf likecliaiacter and dignity. Sir, I repeat,
[ 1 the effect is to draw oil the affections and allegiance
j of men from the States', and center their affections
j, upon the Federal Government and the Federal
11 Treasury. You draw their attention to the central
1 Government, and make them careless and indiffer-
j ent as to what is going on in their own States.
J fair, ny tins ^increase of compensation you with-
draw them from their proper and legitimate call-
ings at home, bring them here, and make them
pensioners upon the bounty of the Federal Gov-
ernment. It tends to centralize and consolidate
the power of the Federal Government, to weaken
that of the States, and to break down their rights
Why should the officers of the Federal Govern-
ment in the states be paid higher salaries than are
paid to State officers having duties of an equal
grade, and of as difficult a nature to perform? I
see no reason, and 1 hope we shall conform our
action m regulating these salaries to this standard,
and not furnish inducements for men to leave
home to come into Federal employ.
. , ^ tptestion now being upon the adoption of
Mr. Iaylor's, amendment,
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers, in order that we
may have a quorum.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Parker were appointed.
|j The question was then put on the amendment;
h and, on a division, there were—ayes 48, noes 54:
i no quorum voting.
jj The CHAIRMAN. There is no quorum voting-,
II and the Clerk will call the roll.
11 The roll was then called, and the names of the
! j absentees noted.
jj The committee rose; and the Speaker having
[! resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
jj Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
Ijhad had the state of the Union generally under
jj consideration, and particularly the special order—
1, bills relating to the organized Territories—and
