THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session-.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1854.
New Series No. 67.
finding itself without a quorum, had directed the
roll to be called, ami the names of the absentees
to be noted; and had furthar directed him to report
a list of the absentees, as follows, to the House, to
be entered on the Journal:
Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Banks, Barry, Bell,
Bennett, Benton, Bliss, Boeock, Breckinridge, Bridges,
]fngg,Carutliers, Chamberlain, Chase, Ohastain, Chuich-
tin'H, Cook, Crai« e, Ciocker, Cultom, Cumining, Curtis,
Dawson, Dean, Dent, DeWitt, Dick, Dickinson, Dunham,
John M. Elliott, English, Etheridee, Ewing, Faulkner,
Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Gidding.-, Grey, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J Harlan, Sampson W. Harris Wiloy P.
Harris, Harrison, Hastings,Hibbard, IJiester, Hill, Hillyer,
J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Lindley,
McMuihn, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, Maxwell, May,
Morgan, Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Mordecai Oliver,
Packer, P«ck, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins,
Powell, Preston, Pringle, Reese, Thomas Ritchey, Itowc,
Jtnsspll, Sage, Shannon, Germ Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Da-
vid Stuart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Tweed,Vansant,Wade,
Walker, Walley, Warren, Wells, John Wentworth, West-
brook, Witte, and Yates.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty-
six gentlemen have answered to their names. A
quorum now being present, the Chairman will
resume his place.
The CHAIRMAN then resumed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Committee
found itself without a quorum it was in the act of
dividing on the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Taylor,] to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York—to
strike out $3,000 and insert in lieu thereof $2,500.
The question was being taken by tellers.
Messrs. Parker, of Indiana, and Wheeler,
again took their places.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to, the tellers reporting only
51 in the affirmative.
The question then recurred on Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was adopted.
There being no further proposition to amend
the first section of the bill, the Clerk reported the
second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That to every white
jnale American citizen of the United States, or who has
declared his intention to become Mich, over the age of
twenty-one years, who removed to and wa< residing m said
Territory prior to the 1st day of January, 1853, there shall
be, and hereby is, donated one halt section, or three hun-
dred and twenty acrce oi'land, it'single ; but if married, one
section, or six hundred and forty acres. And to each white
male American citizen who shall have removed or shall
remove to and settle in said Territoty between the 1st day
of January, 1833, and the l*t day of January, 1858, there
shall, in like manner, be donated one quarter section, or
one bundled and sixty acres, if a tingle man, or, if mar-
ried, one half section, or three bundled and twenty acres,
on'condition of actual settlement and cultivation foi 110
less than four years: Provided, hoivever, That each of said
donations shall include the actual settlement and improve-
ment of the donee, and shall be selected by legal subdivis-
ions, within three month- after the survey of the land where
the settlement was made before the survey ; and where the
settlement was made after the Mirvey, then within three
months after the settlement has been made ; and all persons
failing to designate the boundaries of their claims within that
time, shall forfeit all right to the'same.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out the word "said,"and insert-
ing in lieu thereof " any organized/' so that the
section will read:
"That to every white male American citizen of the
Vnited States, or who has declared his intention ro become
such, over the age of twenty-one years, who removed to
and was residing in any organized Territory, prior to the
1st day of January, 1853, there shall be given," &,c.
The object of the amendment is to make the
provisions of the bill apply to all the organized
Territories of the United States—Minnesota,
Washington, Utah, New Mexico, and Oregon.
Mr. ORR. I would inquire of the Chairif that
amendment is in order? My impression is that
it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is. for the purpose
of establishing the office of surveyor general in
New Mexico, and to grant donations to actual
settlers therein. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, if the Chair understands
it, is to make donations to actual settlers in all the
other organized Territories.
Mr. EASTMAN, The object of my amend-
«7
ment is to extend the provisions of this bill over
all the organized Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, in the
opinion of the Chair, is not in order.
Mr. EASTMAN. Will the Chair state why
it is not in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Because it is not germane
to the bill under, consideration.
Mr. EASTMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. COBB. I now rise to perform a duty which
f suppose to be imperative upon me, and that is,
to move to amend this bill in a very essential
feature.
{ propose so to amend the bill that it may read
as follows:
"Jlnd be it farther enacted, That to every white male
American citizen of the United States, or who has declared
his intention to become such, over the age of twenty-one
years, who removed to and was residing in said Teriitory
prior to the 1st day of January, J853, there shall be, and
hereby is, donated one hundred and sixty acres of land.
And to each white male American citizen who shall have
icmoved, or shall remove to and settle in said Territory,
between the 1st day of January, 1853, and the 1st day of
January, 1858, there '•hull, in like manner, be donatwd one
qu'titei  eetion, or one hundred and sixty acres, on condi-
tion of actual settlement and cultivation for not less than
four years," &e.
The object I have in view in offering this
amendment is to make the grant of land one hun-
dred and sixty acres in every case where provision
is made in this bill for grants of lands to actual
settlers. When we had the homestead bill under
consideration in the Committee on the Public
Lands, the question came up whether we should
grant more land to citizens of the Terrkoiies than
those of the States. We determined then to put
them both upon the same footing.
This bill proposes to grant one half section, or
three hundred and twenty acres of land, to every
single man, and one section, or six hundred and
forty acres, to every married man, who shali have
removed to, and was residing in, the Territoty
prior to the 1st of January, 1853. I think we
should confine the grant to one hundred and sixty
acres, and make it conform to the provisions of
the homestead bill. I see no good reason why
we should make a grant of three hundred and
twenty acres to single persons, and six hundred
and forty acres to heads of families in New Mex-
ico, when, perhaps, we have but few American
citizens there. This provision is, no doubt, incor-
porated into the bill upon the precedent set in the
case of Oregon Territory, where a quantity of
land, equal in amount to that proposed in this bill,
was donated to the settlers of that Teriitory. It
is evident to every one who has been in Congress
for any length of time, that a greater necessity
existed for making such a grant at that time than
could possibly exist in the case of any Territory
at the present time. The great object then was
to settle a distant country entirely isolated from
American settlements, and we held out great in-
ducements to secure it. Shall we continue to make
these large grants in the case of new Territories,
or shall we make the grants to actual settlers in the
Territories the sameas is provided for in the home-
stead bill? If one hundred and sixty acres do
not prove a sufficient inducement to encourage
emigration to New Mexico, I trust no inducement
will be offered exceeding that amount.
We shall soon have before us another bill re-
lating to the Territory of Utah; and I shall then
feel it my duty to speak of the merits of the bill,
and especially of the grant of land to heads of
families, in a manner that may not be entirely
satisfactory to some who may hereafter read what
I may say in relation to the matter. The question
which I now propound to the committee is, whether
you will make the grants in this bill in every case
one hundred and sixty acres, or will you make
them three hundred and twenty and six hundred
and forty acres ?
That proposition now is brought into a nut-
shell. Will you provide for them as the bill pro-
vides? The matter is now for the committee to
determine. If they think^it best to increase the
quantity from one hundred and sixty to three
hundred and twenty acres, of course the committee
can do so. But it will not be to my satisfaction.
I shall propose to amend the section still further.
[The Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage in writing was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidney
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary *, which was
laid on the Speaker's table.]
Mr. HOWE. I rise to inquire of the member
of the Committee on Public Lands who reported
this bill, what object the committee had in using
the peculiar phraseology that appears in the sec-
ond line—" white male American citizens of the
United States?'' [Laughter.]
Mr. DISNEY. Well, what of it?
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know why the
word *' American" is used here? And itgoeaon:
" or who have declared their intention to become
such." Now, it strikes me that this language is
somewhat unusual. I propose to strike out'the
words "white,"in the first line, and "American,"
in the second line, so as to leave the sentence to
read, " male citizens of the United States, or any
persons who have declared their intention to be-
come such."
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania again indicate the words which he
proposes to strike out?
Mr. Howe repeated as above.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendmentproposed
by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
is, that the latter part of the section be stricken
out. The amendmentproposed by thegentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] will take prece-
dence of that proposed by the gentleman from
Alabama.
The question was then put on the adoption of
the latter amendment; ana a division was called
for.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the Chair be good enough
to state the amendment precisely to the commit-
tee ? I think it is not understood.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment sub-
mitted by thegentleman from Pennsylvania will
now be reported to the committee.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to modify my amend-
ment, so that it shall read:
"That to eveiy male citizen of the United States, or to
such person as shall declare Ills intention to become a citi-
zen of the United States,&c.
Mr. DISNEY. I need hardly call the attention
of the committee to the point really involved in
this amendment, because it is discoverable at a
glance. The point of the amendment offered by
the gentleman is simply that of the introduction
of negroes. The question is agitated in the House
whether negroes are not recognized in some of the
States as citizens.
Mr. HUGHES, (interrupting.) I understand this
section, as it now reads, requires that there shall be
given " to every white male American citizen of the
United States, or who has declared hie intention
to become such," &c., [laughter;] that is, his in-
tention to become a male citizen,&c. [Laughter.]
So it reads now. It is wrong; and yet to correct
it may appear hypercritical. I do not understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.Ho\ye] as
intending to give the rights secured in this bill to
negroes. I suppose his amendment was designed
simply as a correction of language which is evi-
dently wrong. It should read, "to every citizen
of the United S.'ates, or to every person who shall
declare his intention to become such," &c. That
I understand to be the design of the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. If I am
wrong in my supposition he will correct me.
Mr. HOWE. That is a.
Mr. HUGrHES. As the language now is,all
that the party has to do is to declare his inten-
tion of becoming a "white male citizen of the Uni-
ted States," ana he will be embraced within the
