1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
ject under consideration, and have instructed me
to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed and hound by the public
prnitei and hinder of the House six thousand copies of the
repoit and two thousand copies of the observations of the
United State:- "Naval and Astronomical Expedition to Chili,
five thousand copies of the report and observations for the
use of the Secretary of the Navy, two hundred and fifty
for the superintendent of the expedition, and the lemainder
for distribution by the members of the present House ; the
said work to be printed in quarto or octavo form, as the
work will admit, and the Committee on Printing may direct.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL SERVICE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is on the Speak-
er's table, a bill of the House (No. 344) making
provision for the postal service in the State of Cal-
ifornia, and in the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, which has come from the Senate !
with several amendments, and I now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take it up, that the
amendments of the Senate may be concurred in.
Mr. WHEELER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am compelled to leave
the city this evening, in consequence of illness in
my family. This matter is in my chaige; and as
I may not again be in my seat during this session,
I would be glad if the gentleman from New York
would withdraw his objection, and let the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw my objection,
and ask that the bill be read for information.
The bill was read in exttnso.
The amendments of the Senate were then read
and concurred in, as follows:
In the first section strike out " lifry cents," and in lieu
thereof insert "twenty-live cents."
Add at the end of the first seetion the following:
lJroi idc.l, That no lottei or letters, or other mailable mat-
ter, shall he delivered by any po>tni.i-ter 1u -udi c.irneis,
unless, requested to do so in writing by the person or per-oiia
to whom said letters oi other mailable matter may be
directed.
So that, as amended, the section will read a^ follows :
That the Postmaster General be, arid he is hen by, au-
thorized to empower the special a«ent* of the Poa-t Oll'ice
Department m the State ol California, and in the Tei ritones
of Oregon and Washington, to appoint letter-carrieis tor
the delivery ol letters from any po?t olfice iri the Jviid ritate
oi Territories, and to allow any lettei-cainer so appointed
to demand and receive a sum for all letters, newspapers, or
other mailable matter, not more than may be recommended
by the postmaster for whose othee such letter carrier may
beappomted: I*-iOi>h!ed, That not mote lh.ni twenty-live
cents shall be charged lor any letter, new.-paper, or ounce
of other mailable nuutei. All siui) appointments nia_y be
determined, and rates of compensation modified within the
hunts aforesaid, wbenevei the same i> lound expedient in !
the opinion ol the appointing agent • And it is Jiuthcr pio- ! j
uiJpii, That all .-uc h appointment* und contracts* shall be 1
subject to the approval of the PostimWei General; and j
upon notice to any canierof his rejection by the I'ostmas- ;
ter General,hi-« appointment and eonuaet shall be detenu- i,
wed; and that all lettu-earners appointed in pursuance j
of this act shall be subject to the provis-tons of the forty-
first section of the act entitled *' An act to change the or-
ganization of the Fo?t Otfiee Department, and to piovide i
more effectually for the settlement of the accounts thereof,"
approved July 2, 18.^6, except as herein othervvisP provided : '
lJvivi<icd, That no letter or letter*, or other mailable matter, I
shall bo delivered by any pobtnia-stei to Mich earners, unless
requested in writing to do so by the person oi persons ro
whom said letter> or other mailable matter may be di-
rected.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield the floor to me for <i moment, to
enable me to introduce a bill, of which 1 gave no-
tice yesterday ?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman must excuse
me. I have yielded to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, and there are many others who desire that
I shall yield to them, but I must insist on my
motion.
RECEPTION AND REFERENCE OF BILLS AND
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that he
will be indulged, in this immediate connection, in
making a single remark. The Chair understands
thot there are a greet many gentlemen seeking the
floor, and often, to their great disappointment,
not obtaining it, for the purpose of simply intro-
ducing bills, of which previous notice has been
given, for the purpose of reference. The Chair
begs to be indulged in suggesting that ail such
bills be now received and referred.
Mr. PHELPS, i have no objection to that
course.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall not attempt to prac-
tice any deception upon gentlemen. My objectm
introducing the bill to repeal the Minnesota railroad
grant is to put it upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. Then the proposition of the
Chair does not cover the gentleman's case.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report back
from the Committee on the Judiciary, Senate bill
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to au-
thorize notaries public to take and certify oaths,
affirmations, and acknowledgments m ceitam
cases."
It is a short bill, and it will not take five min-
utes to dispose of it.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
just made, only such bills are to be received as are
introduced for the purposes of reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i will interpose
no objection to the reporting of such bills as gen-
tlemen wish to report for the purpose of reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. JOiNES. With the understanding that
none of them are to be put upon their passage, or
brought back here by reconsideration.
Me. CHAMBERLAIN, m pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill " for the relief of
John Carpenter and others;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Officeaud Post Roads.
Mr. ROWR, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported back Senate bill (No.
357) " for the relief of Urban Stoli;" which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back Sen-
ate bill No. 425, " An act to constitute Tuscum-
bia, in the State of Alabama, a port of delivery,"
with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The hill reported by the
gentleman from Massachusetts cannot be consid-
ered m the House at this time. The order of the
House is that only such bills as shall not give rise
to debate may be rectived and referred.
Mr. WENT VVOLITH. I do not ask for its
consideration at this tune; but 1 desire merely to
call the attention of the Chair to the fact that the
bill is leporred with amendments.
The SPEAKER. What disposition does the
gentleman desire to make of the bill?
Mr. WENT WORTH. To r^fer it.
Mr. DAVIS. My point of order is, that the
order just established by the House only pro-
vides lor the introduction of bills of which pre-
vious notice has been given, and not for the recep-
tion of reports from committees.
The SPEAKER. Such was the order of the
House. The iruroriuoiion of bills of which pre-
vious notice had been given, was only embraced
in the proposition.
Mr. WKNTWORTII. Well, then, I with-
draw the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask leave to miroduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice he dnected
to inquire what legislation is n^Os-ary to regulate ot pro-
hibit the introduction into any poif or place into the United
Stales, by any lore,urn Government or individual, of any
foreigner being insane, blind, or otherwise disabled ; and to
teport by hill or ofherwi.-e.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced "a hill to authorize the partition
of the Alleghany and Cattaraugus Indian reserva-
tions, m the Siaie of New Yorkwhich was read
| a first and second time hy its title, and referred to
' the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I The provisions of the bill are as follows:
i Be it enact?<i bit the Senate and House of Representatives
' of the United Sldle^ vf A-nnitn ni (Jougic^s us-.emhled,
That the Secretary of the Intcuor of the TTnifed States be
authorized and directed to enter into a regulation with the
owner* and ptopnHors of the right of preemption of the
Alleghany and Cau.iraujru--* reservations, in the State of
New York, now occupied bv a poition of the Seneca tribe
of Indians, with a view to a paiuuon of the said two res-
ervations between the said Indians and the said owners and
proprietors, so that certain portions of the said two reser-
; vatioas which in the aggregate shall be equal in value to the
; uiteiest now seemed by treaty stipulations to the said In-
, dtans and their descendants, may be set off and confirmed
; to the sdid Indians*, and so that ail the interests and rights
i of the said owners and proprietors therein may be forever
1 extinguished.
; Sec. 2 And be itfwither enacted, That no such negotl-
I ation shall he entered into by the said Secretary of the ln~
I terior uuul the said Indians, through their chiefs, orother-
, wise, according to the usages and customs of the said tribe,
i Sshall consent to such partition. Nor shall any arrangement
I that may be settled and agreed upon by the said Secretary
1 ot the Interior, and the said owners and proprietors, be
| obligatory until the said Indians shall,m like manner,have
! signified their approval thereof.
! Si'.c. 3. And be it farther enacted, That in ease SUCll
! partition sha'l be made according to the provisions of thia
■ act, then the title of the portions of the said tracts so setoff
and confirmed to the said Indians shall become vested in -
; the j?aid Indians as tenants m common ; and partition there-
, of shall be made among them on such principles as pertain
J to the several lights and interests of individuals, and on
i such terms and m such manner as may hereafter be pre-
| icjibed by law.
i Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, in pursqaace
! of previous notice, introduced a bill grantin^MHfd
i in alternate sections to the States of Mississippi
■ and Tennessee, respectively, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Grenada, Mississippi,
to Memphis, Tennessee;" which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the-
Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent ot the House to introduce the following reso-
lution:
I iieso/uerf, That the President of the United States be re-
| quested, as far as in hi«s judgment is compatible with the
j public niteiest, to communicate to this House, whether
! the pmgiess of negotiation with Spain has removed the ne-
{ co^uy for provisional action hy Congress, as indicated in
I his message or March 15, 1854; or whether he still thinks
: it advisable that measures should betaken to augment the
1 executive power, to protcct and sccuro the national honor,
i lights, and interests.
: Mr. FARLEY. 1 object,
i Mr. SINGLETON. Then I move to suspend
! the rules, to enable me to introduce this resolu-
! tiun.
| The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in
| order to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for me to
i repot t a bill now for the purpose of having it
I referred to a committee?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
I mous consent.
! Mr. HOUSTON. It is a bill which ought to
go to the Committee on Commerce.
! No objection being made, the Committee of
; Ways and Means were accordingly discharged
from the further consideration of a bill "for the .
, relief of II. Southmayd & Son;" and the same
• was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WENTWORTII, of Massachusetts. I
; am directed by the Committee on Commerce to
i call the attention of the House to the fact that a
; bill for the relief of Thomas Butler has passed the
Senate, and been referred to the Committee on
I Commerce. The papers have been passed upon
| hy the committee, but the bill has been mislaid,
atid the committee are unable to find it. The com-
1 mittee ask that the Senate be requested to furnish
to the House a copy of the bill. ~
It was so ordered.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Ste-
phen Patterson and others, made_a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill to refund to the officers of
the customs and others of the district of Passam-
aquoddy certain moneys; which bill was read a
i first and second time by its title, committed to a
. Committee of the Whole House, and the bill and
:> report ordered to be printed.
Mr. FULLER, from the same committee, to
i which was referred the bill of the House (No.
21G) " to repeal an act entitled 'An act concerning
' i tonnage duty on Spanish vessels,'" reported the
' same, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Ordered, That the Senate bill be laid on the table.
! On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was
1i Oidered, That 'he Committer on Commerce be d'S-
:■ charged from the further consideration of the petition of
i John Oonntil, on behalf of sundry claimants for a return of
duties under the tarnfof lb2rf , ot the papers in relation to
I the wreck of th'j Mvp Aberdeen, \n Han Francisco Bay;
] ot Huntingdon &. Brooks, for return oi duty's ; of Knox &
- tfham, for icturu ot duties; of A. Delinks, of Mississippi ;
; of Edward H. Swift, of X<;\\ Vcrk, for return of dnti-s;
i of eiuzcn^ of Nordi and South Carolina, and ot'if-r States,
; for a lepeal of the prohibitum of the carnage of turpentine,
f &c.,hy steamboats; of Anne Dudley; and of citizens of
