348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
The call for the previous question was not
seconded.
Mr. JONES. I now move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and be printed.
The question was taken, and there were, upon a
division—ayes 67, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
, The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. KERR, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to which
was referred the petition and papers of James Morrison
and others, sureties of G. R. C. Floyd, late Secretary of
the Territory of Wisconsin, be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
*'A bill for the relief of the children and heirs
of Major General Baron DeKalb."
On motion by Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition and
papers of Thomas Ellis, arid that the same be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ORR, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Joel Henry Dyer, of Tennessee, asking tor compensation
for services rendered the United States in the war with the
Seminole Indians, and that the same be referred to the Com
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill*, which was read a first
and second time by its title, as follows, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed:
" A bill to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States, and, for other pur-
poses. "
Mr. BISSELL, from the same committee, in-
troduced a bill " to regulate the pay and increase
the efficiency of the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes;" which was read the first i
and second time oy its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. BISSELL also, from the same committee,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No.
17) entitled "An act to reimburse to the Common
Council of the City of New York the expenses
made by the first regiment of the New York vol-
unteers;" which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON. 1 desire to report a bill t( grant-
ing the right of way to the Saint Louis and Iron
Mountain Railroad Company," which was re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands, and
afterwards referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is a local bill, makesno appropriation,
and merely gives the right of way to a railroad
company, in the State of Missouri. The com-
mittee have fully considered it, and instructed me
to report in its favor. We have the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of War upon the subject,
and all the safeguards are provided for in the bill
which are deemed necessary. I ask to put the
bill upon its passage, as there is no appropriation
in it.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upnn
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read the third
time.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
68, noes til.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move (hat the bill be re-
fened to ihe Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it be printed; and I ask for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Skelton were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 38, noes 74; no quorum voting.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain if
there is a quorum present. If there is no quorum I
here we cannot do business at all. I
Mr. JONES. To settle that question I move
there be a call of the House. j
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and 176 mem-
bers answered to their names.
A quorum being now present,
Mr. JONES moved to dispense with all further
proceedings under the call.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will now resume
their places.
Mr. JONES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The tellers then resumed their places, and the
question on the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was again put, aod it was decided in the negative—
ayes 59, noes 79.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read the third
time.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call for the
reading of the bill at length.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to inquire whet'ier this
bill meets with the approbation of the Secretary
of War?
Mr. BENTON. I will answer the gentleman's
question. I have been twice in consultation with
the Secretary of War upon this subject. Thereare
three pieces of the public grounds through which
this railroad passes. .The Secretary has no objec-
tion at all to its passage through two of them, but
he thinks there will be some inconvenience from
its passage through the third. But that inconve-
nience is guarded against as far as guards can go;
and so far, in my opinion, that there can be no
sort of danger of inconvenience to the public prop-
erty, and theadvantage to the public will far tran-
scend any inconvenience. This, sir, is the result
of my interview with the Secretary of War.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed,
there being, on a division—ayes 93, noes not
counted.
Mr. MILLER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
M llitary Affairs, to whom was referred Senate bill
(No. 33) entitled "A n act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Major Caleb Swan, deceased,"
reported the same back without amendment; and
it was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the same committee,
reported hack, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, "A bill prohibit-
ing the officers of the Army and Navy from
having an interest in contracts for the supply of
any article for any branch of the service to which
such officer belongs."
Mr. F. saicl^Mr. Speaker, 1 ask that the bill be
at once put upon its passage. I am sure, after it
has been read, that there will not be found a single
member to object. Members will only be aston-
ished that we have not had such a law upon our
statute-book before this time.
The bill was read through. Itprovides that no
officer of the Army or Navy, or person employed
as agent by a disbursing officer of the Army or
Navy, shall be a party to, or directly or indirectly
have an interest in, any contract or agreement for
supply of any article, or the execution of any
work for any branch of the service to which such
officer or agent belongs, and that any officer of the
Army or Navy offending: against its provisions
shall, on conviction therefor beforea court-martial,
be cashiered. It further provides that no officer or
agent of the United States shall pay for any article
sold or work done contrary to its provisions, and
that any contract or agreement made in violation
thereof shall be null and void , and that the articles
delivered and the work done in pursuance of said
contract or agreement shall be forfeited to the
Government of the United States
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire, sir, that this bill
shall be put upon its immediate passage. The ne-
cessity for some legislation upon this subject was
developed by some transactions which occurred in
California early in the year 1852. It seems that
it was then ascertained that ceitain officers of the
army about Sonora had been engaged in purchas-
ing articles of supply for the army, and selling
them at a profit to the Government, i recollect one
case of a Colonel Hooker, who contracted with the
acting assistant quartei master at the port of Sonora
to deliver one hundred and fifty tons of hay, at
thirty-five dollars per ton. The hay was delivered
and paid for, and Colonel Hooker realized twelve
dollars a ton upon the hay. He was summoned
before a court-martial, ordered by General Hitch-
cock, and although the facts were clearly and
conclusively established, the officer was fully ac-
quitted, upon the ground that there was no law
prohibiting said conduct. 1 need scarcely say
that such practices, if permitted in the Army, must
be destructive of the character of the Army—inju-
rious to the public interests, and productive of
frauds, peculations, and endless abuses. The
Secretary of War called the attention of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to this subject,in 1852,
when the bill now submitted was prepared, under
my supervision. I was dii ected to report jt during
the last Congress, but no opportunity presented
for so doing. I trust it will now pass without
further delay.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
hill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for tellers on the
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace, and
Stant<>n of Kentucky, appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I ask that the bill
may be read.
No objection being made, the bill was accord-
ingly read in extenso.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I propose to amend
the bill by inserting, after the words " officers of
the Army and Navy," the words " or the officers
of the Government of the United States."
Mr. BISSELL. I would suggest very respect-
fully to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,]
although I have no doubt his objectis a very good
one, that his amendment, if attached to the bill,
will unquestionably lead to much discussion, and
that the bill will not pass. I hope, upon reflec-
tion, that he will withdraw his amendment, and
take some other occasion to embody his views in
a separate hill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely wish to say, that it
seems to me, if it is proper to prohibit officers of
the Army and Navy, in the service of the United
States, from engaging in any contracts in which
the United States are interested, that it is equally
proper to prohibit all other agents and officers of
the Government outside of the Army and Navy.
What objection can theie be to the amendment *
Mr. BiSSELL. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio in the object he seeks to accomplish;
but I question the propriety of introducing such an
amendment now to the bill; for I think I clearly
foiesee that the effect of it will be to delay the pas-
sage of this bill, which has been very much needed
for a long time. Does not the gentleman think so
himself?
Mr. TAYLOR, If I thought so I would not
insist upon the amendment. 1 think the amend-
ment is cleaily right,
Mr. BISSELL. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio will undoubtedly lead to much dis-
cussion, although ! think such a proposition would
i meet with the favor of this House,
j Mr. HiVMILTON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that there is no provision
made in this bill for penalties. The bill provides
that the persons guilty of the offense shall be
cashiered; and I would suggest to the gentleman,
! that he attach an additional section to the bill, pro-
' viding for the proper penalties, instead of inserting
, the few words he proposes by his amendment.
| Mr. BISSELL. There is an evident impro-
■ priety in offering this as an amendment to the bill
i at present.
j Mr. TAYLOR. If it be in order, I would move
i recommit the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, with instructions to have such an amend-
i ment prepared for the action of the tfouse thereon.
I Mr. BISSELL. There is another incongruity.
