1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
members; and that the Secretary of the Senate shall so
understand and execute the said jesoluuon.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for carrying
the mail according to time.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Jonas P. Levy and Jose Maria Jarrero;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BRODldEAD. As this bill has been
recommended by^he Select Committee on Mexi-
can Claims, which recently made its report to the
Senate, I ask that it may go on the Calendar with-
out a reference.
It was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed bills of the
following titles:
A bill making further appropriations forcontin-
uing the construction of the roads in theTerritory
of Minnesota, in accordance with the estimates
made by the War Department; and
A bill to provide for the extinguishment of the
title of the Chippewa Indians to the land owned
and claimed by them in the Territory of Minne-
sota and the Slate of Wisconsin, and for their
domestication and civilization.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled joint resolution:
A joint resolution for extending an existing con-
tract for carrying the mail in Alabama.
The PRESIDENT pro (em. signed the same.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making further appropriations for continuing the
construction of roads m the Territory of Minne-
sota, in accordance with the estimates made by
the War Department, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
The bill to provide for the extinguishment of the
title of the Chippewa Indians to the lands owned
and claimed by them in the Territory of Minne-
sota and State of Wisconsin, and fortheir domes-
tication and civilization, was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to tbe Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The bill for the construction of certain military
roads and wells in the Territory of New Mexico,
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
MAISON ROUGE GRANT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Johnson, on Thursday, April
27, to reconsider the vote by which the bill to
amend an act entitled An act to grant the right
of preemption to certain purchasers and settlers on
the Maison Rouge grant, in the event of the final
adjudication of the title in favor of the United
States," approved January 27, 1851, was passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will explain the object of
my motion to reconsider. There was a mistake
in the bill as passed, which it is very necessary to
correct. In consequence of that mistake, the
wrong act was extended. 1 will read to the Sen-
ate so much of the act which should be extended
as applies to the case. The title of the act which
I wish to have extended is, "An act to extend
preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
tioned and the portion of it which is material
to this case, is in these words:
iCJlnd provided further, That any settler who has settled,
or may hereafter settle, on lands heretofore reserved on
account of claims under French, Spanish, or other grants,
which have been, or shall be hereafter, declared by the
Supreme Court of the United States to be invalid, shall be
entitled to all the rights of preemption granted by this act,
and the act of 4th of September, J«U, entitled 'An act to
appropriate the proceeds of the public lands, and to grant
preemption rights,' after the lands shall have been released
fiotn reservation, in tbe same manner as if no reservation
existed."
Thus that act which was passed on the 3d of
March last, gave a ri^ht of preemption to all set-
tlers on French or Spanish grants, the title to
which had been, or might thereafter become in-
valid by the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States. The object which I have in
view is simply to extend the preemption right
which was granted under that act of the last Con-
gress, so as to embrace the actual improvements
of the settlers. It may, perhaps, be as well to
state now, though it was explained before, that
under the terms of that act, any man who had
any description of improvement on one of these
grants, though it were but an acre, would, upon
proving that fact, and complying with the terms of
the act, be entitled to a preemption to one hun-
dred and sixty acres. Still, at the same time, a
man might have expended his whole fortune upon
a tract of laud, and might have made improve-
ments to the extent of three hundred, or four hun-
dred, or five hundred acres, and yet, under the
provisions of the act, he would only be entitled
to preemption for one hundred and sixty acres.
The object is to remedy this evil, and to give
the United States exactly the amount at which
they value their lands, §1 25 an acre for all which
one of these settlers may have improved, though
it may be more than one hundred and sixty acres.
That will be effected by the amendment which I
shall propose to the Senate. This was the object
of the bill as proposed the other day, but, as I
stated before, there was a mistake in that bill in
regard to the act proposed to be extended, and
therefore it is that I have moved the reconsidera-
tion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the Senate again proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting the following:
That the right of preemption, granted by the act of the
3d of March, IS53, entitled " An act to extend preemption
rights to certain lauds ihciein mentioned," filial I be, ami the
same is hereby, extended, so that the settler or occupant on
the Maison Rouge grant, entitled to the benefits of said act,
shall be entitled to enter at the minimum price every quar
ter subdivision on which he has madeimproveinents : Pro-
vided f uithcr, That whenever any part of the improvements
of two or moie settlers or occupants m on the same quarter
section, the same shall be entered m their joint name, and
their rurht* shall be proportioned to the value of their im-
provements thereon.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read: " An act extend-
ing m certain cases the provisions of the act
entitled, 'An act to extend preemption rights to
certain lands therein mentioned,'approved March
3, 1853."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1855. ^ ^ j
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of \
the Chair as to the place in which the amendment,
which I offered yesterday to the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Afiairs, in re-
gard to the reservations in California, stands. My
suggestion was that it should follow the flgur.es
#125,000.
The PRESIDENT. As the amendment stands
it will be read, if desired.
Mr. STUART. As reported, my amendment
does not stand as I mentioned.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform
the Senator that it stands in the place which he
suggested.
Mr. WALKER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
To the Creek nation of Indians, in full for all demands
against the. United Stales, the sum of $'500,000, in payment
for eight milium acres of land at six and a quartet cents per
acre, taken from tbe fi itmdly Creeks without eompensa
tion, by the treaty or capitulation of Fort Jackson, of August
8, 1814.
Mr. WALKER. The proposition now before
the Senate is one of considerable importance, so
far as regards the amount involved, and evidently
of a great deal of importance to the nation of In-
dians interested in it. This matter was brought
to the attention of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs upon the memorial
of, what is termed in the memorial, the Muscogee
or Creek nation of Indians. That memorial has
been printed in very considerable numbers, and I
presume each Senator has received a copy of it.'
it has been my individual duty to investigate this
case. I have done so to the utmost of my ability,
and I must say in its investigation—being unfa-
vorably impressed with it in the commencement—
I have bestowed upon it more time than I ever
have in the investigation of any other case, and
believe I have had about as much trouble with it
as with all the other cases which I have had to
investigate.
The subject was before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs at the last session of Congress. There
was then, in my estimation, and.in that of the
committee, and finally in that of the Sepate, not
time sufficient to investigate the matter to us foun-
dation, and trace the claim to its source and to its
merits, if it had a source or merits.
The memorial then presented was a very long,
and, I must say, a very abstruse document. 1
took it home with me, and I there gave it all the
examination I could; but I found myself without
the documents referred to, so that I could not make
the examination at all satisfactory. When I re-
turned to the present Congi ess, the case was again
committed to me by the committee, and 1 have
now a lengthy report upon it. That report, how-
ever, having been very recently completed, has not
been printed.
This claim of the Creek Indians has its incep-
tion as far back as 1813. It will be borne in mind
that, during what was called the Creek war of that
year, the nation divided itself into two parties.
The one, or the lower Creeks, ra they were called,
took the part of the United States. They were
friendly, and fought with the troops of the United
States, not only against the other party, which
assumed a hostile attitude, but also against the
enemies of the counti y—-the soldiers of Great
Britain. All the evidence, sir, referred to in the
memorial of the Indians, I have found to be
strictly correct; and, if gentlemen have read the
memorial, I can only add to it my personal as-
surance that, after a careful examination of all the
documentary evidence referred to, 1 have been
unable to find an error, except in the paging; and
1 regret that it will be found in the memorial that
the figures referred to as the paging of the docu-
ments are, in several instances, incorrect. How-
ever, upon ascertaining these inaccuracies, and
tracing the matter up, I have found that the docu-
ments referred to, are, in every instance, correctly
referred to, and contain the subject ofthe evidence
alleged in the memorial in favor of the rights of the
Indians.
As I remarked, tbe friendly or lower Indians
took the part of the United States. The upper, or
hostile Indians, which were not properly a part
of the Creek nation by their nativity, but were
branches of other tribes, ingrafted into the Creek
nation by adoption, and permitted to settle the
Creek lands, assumed a hostile attitude. They
were seduced by the great warrior Tecumseh
and his prophetsjto take up arms notonly against
the United States, but against the friendly Creeks
who had treated them with so much hospitality,
and permuted them to ingraft themselves upon the
nation, and settle upon their lands. The lower,
or friendly Creeks, were depredated upon to a very
great extent. It is in the recollection of the Sen-
ate that a portion ofthe depredations—those upon
their property, their houses, their towns, their
cattle ami stock—has been compensated for by
appropriations by Congress.
When peace came to be made, a strange occur-
rence took place; and I can but glance at its gen-
eral features. While the lower Creeks, or those
friendly to the country, had fought, and fought
bravely, had borne the hardships of the war, and
had'had to stand the attacks of their own people,
I to defend, as it were, the frontier of the State of
I Georgia, when peace came to be made, they were
! made to assume the attitude of opposition, of en-
! emies; but that was only when peace came to be
I made. They were not pel mitted to stand side by
i side with the people for whom they had fought.
I They were not permitted to stand in the attitude
[ of friends of the country, and defenders of the
j country; but for the purposes of a treaty they
were made to assume a hostile attitude to the
j country, and were placed in the singular predic-
1 ament of a people capitulating to the Government.
| That this may be understood, I will refer to the
i history of the matter, as given in the commence-
