1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1917
For pay of commission, warrant, ar d petty officers,
and seamen, including the engineer corps of the Navy,
$3,367,000.
The object of this amendment is to provide for
the increase of the wages of seamen. It is pro-
posed to give authority to the Secretary of the
Navy to increase the wages of the seamen em-
ployed aboard vessels of the United States.
Mr. SOLLERS. Does it leave the increasedis-
cretionary with the Secretary of the Navy ?
Mr. PHELPS. It does.
Mr. FAULKNER. I understand, Mr. Chair-
man, that the object of the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,]
is to appropriate $300,000 extra, for the increase
of the wages of the seamen employed in our
Navy. This makes it in order for me to com- :
pare the compensation given to seamen and that !
given to the enlisted soldiers in our Army. The j
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] tells us ,
that seamen now receive twelve dollars per month, 1
and this amendment will raise their compensation |
to eighteen dollars per month. A scampti has the !
additional inducement to service, in the fact that, i
if he dies in the line of his duty, his widow and
orphans will be pensioned. A private of infantry i
now receives but seven dollars per month—with '
no pension promised his widow and infant '
children, if he is killed in the service of his coun-
try. Still I do not complain of this increased pay ■
proposed for our seamen. It is all right. I am j
gratified that the amendment has been offered. '
And I cannot permit the occasion to pass by ;
without expressing my regret that the same im-
pulse did not stimulate the Committee of Ways .
and Means, when the Army appropriation bill j
was under consideration a few days ago, to come '
forward with a similar act of justice to the rank |
and file of the Army. j
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Vir- !
gima [Mr. Faulkner] will allow me, I want to
state to the committee what my proposal was. I j
proposed to the gentleman from Virginia, that if i
he would let the amendment come in by general j
consent, we would allow the increase of pay (o the
non commissioned officers and privates of the
Army. That it was not adopted, is, therefoie,
certainly more the fault of the gentleman from ■
Virginia than the fault of the Committee of Ways 1
and Means. ;
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Ala- J
bama [Mr. Houston] did say to me that if I j
would offer so much of my bill as increased the
pay of the enlisted men, that he would make no
opposition to such an amendment. But I said to !
him,thatl was acting as the organ of a committee,
and that 1 could not mutilate their proposition.
He, or the gentleman from Missouri, could have ;
done then what they have done now; but I could 1
not do so without a betrayal of the trust confided ;
to me.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this discussion legiti-
mate ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulr>:e«] permit me to
say a word? *
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, I hope'
these points of order will not be further sprung upon
me. If there is any branch of the public service
which has been cruelly neglected by Congress, it ,
is that with which I have thehonorto benowoffi- :
daily connected, as chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs. Not a single oppoitunuy
has yet been allowed me to present, in any detail
before this House and the country, the exigencies
and necessities of that important branch of the '
public service. Until a comparative recent period, ,
the principal duties of that committee; devolved upon
thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] whose
health disabled him from askmgtheirconsideration
by Congress. Since the retirement of Colonel Bis-
sell from the duties of that committee, 1 have
sought, in every form, to bring the wants ynd
necessities of the Army to the consideration of this
body. But I have been arrested, m every effort,
by points of order. Railroad bills, private bills,
everything seems to find a readier access, to the ear
of this House, than our suffering and di'apidated
Army. I was absent when the Army appropria-
tion bill was most unexpectedly taken up, and thus
I was deprived of the opportunity, at that time,
of presenting, in some detail, the present condition
and necessities of the Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman ■
will permit me, I will say that when the gentle-
man from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] I think it was,
proposed an amendment to the Army bill to in-
crease the pay of the non-commissioned officers
and privates, 1 rose in my seat and proposed that
the question of order should be waived, that the
House might decide upon that question, and, if I
mistake not, the gentleman's colleague from Fair-
fax objected.
Mr. FAULKNER. It was not my colleague;
it was I who requested the gentleman from Ore-
gon to withdraw his amendment, and the reason
was a very plain and palpable one, as I can ex-
plain to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that he should confine his remarks
to the question under discussion.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will endeavor to do so.
it is important that the fact noticed by the gentle-
man from Tennessee shall be explained to the
House. In the scheme devised to encourage
enlistment and reenlistment in the Army, and
embraced m my bill, the inducements held out to
recruits are both pecuniary and honorary. There
are some important inducements to enter the
Army beyond the monthly pay. Thus, for ex-
ample, the preferments of the Army are opened to
the common soldier. There are provisions for his
widow and orphan children, if he dies in the ser-
vice. The increase of pay, as a mere pecuniary
compensation, would have been inadequate to ac-
complish its object. I therefore objected to the
simple tiansfer of the provision increasing the pay,
as it would have mutilated the scheme, and have
failed to accomplish any practical good. The re-
sult would have been deceptive, and leftus where
we now are, with our Army every day thinning
to a mere skeleton.
I have availed myself of this, as I must of every
occasion, to press this subject upon the consider-
ation of this House, until itadjourns. I hope yet
I may be allowed some full and fair opportunity
to place before this body those facts which, when
heard, I know will impress every member of this
body with the necessity of action on the Army
bills.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise for the purpose of of-
fering an amendment to the amendment. I offer j
the amendment in good faith. I have made no j
fancy speeches, and do not deal m fancy stocks, j
I move to strike out the following clauses:
For pav ot commission, warrant, and petty officers,
ami spamcii, including the engineer corps of the Navy,
$2,992,048.
For p<*y of Mipermtendents, naval constructors, and all
the civil establishments at the several navy-yards and sta-
tions, $Lloj3;>U
and insert the following:
For pay of commission, warrant, and potty officers
and seamen, including the engineer corps of the Navy.
&3,010,948, including the extra pay at the navy yard, Cali-
fornia, of the following officer : One captain, {$7,000; one
commander, £4,000 ; one lieutenant, $3,000 ; one master,
; one purser, $4,000 ; one surgeon, $3,000; one
hoatMvain, #2,000, one gunner, $2,000 ; one carpenter,
§2.01)0; onecitik to purser. 62,000 ; one steward, $tf00.
For pay of superintendent, naval constructors, and all
civil establishments at the several navy-yards and sta-
tion.-, .5153,1150, including the pay of the civil branch of the
offic at the navy-yard, California, a* lollnw* : One store-
keeper S'3,500; one civs! engineer $4,000 ; one assistant
engineer, to b« also tin* inspector of lumber and building
materials £2,?>00 ; one draughtsman and clerk to engineer
$2,000 ; otic clerk of the yard $2,000 ; one clerk to thp com
ma'ndant $2,000; one clerk to tile storekeeper $2,000 ; one
poi fer and messenger $900 ; one navy agent ,*.>,000 ; one
cietk to navy agent $3,000; one cleik (second) to navy
aiierit $2,500 ;"one master joiner $2,i00 ; one master mason
$2,500"'; otip master blacksmith $2,500.
That adds a small amount to the amount now
appropriated. The amount in the bill is
^2,992,000, and the gentleman from Missouri
1 Mr. Phelps] moves to increase it about $300,000,
and I move to increase it $100,000, for the pur-
pose of covering the extra expenses at the Califor-
nia navy-verd
Mr. PIJELPS. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know whether that amendment is in
Older: It picposes, if I understand it, to provide
that certain officers shall receive a certain salary
over and above what the lav/ provides. Its effect
is to repeal or modify the law so far as these offi-
cers sre concerned, 1 think it is clearly out of
order.
Mr. BOCOCK. The proposition is to pay cer-
tain officers of the Navy more than they are now (
paid. Now, eir, no appropriation bill has ever !
passed this House in which amendments have not |
been incorporated, regulating the amounts that are
to be paid to certain officers. That is what is pro-
posed by this amendment; and if the committee
will allow me, I think I can show to their satis-
faction, that the amendment is, to some extent,
necessary.
Mr. BRIDGES. How much does it propose
to increase their pay ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask that the Chair shall
decide the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order, and so decides.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I must appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia proposes an amendment to increase the sal-
aries of certain officers of the Navy in California
over and above the amount provided by law. The
Chair rules the amendment not to be in order.
The gentleman from Virginia appeals from the
decision of the Chair; and the question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers on
the appeal.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. H ENN. I wish to oppose the amendment
moved by the gentleman from Missouri; and in
doing so I would ask him, in the first place, how
much this bill appropriates to the Navy?
Mr. PHELPS. I have already stated it in the
remarks which I made a few months ago. The
bill as it came from the Committee of Ways and
Means, appropriates §7,641,000. That commit-
tee have directed amendments to be offered which
appropriate two million and odd dollars in addi-
tion. As originally introduced, the bill did not
embrace the estimates for the improvement of the
navy-yards. It was a subject-matter of conference
between the Committee of Ways and Means, and
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and we had not
acted on it at the time the bill was /eported. Hence
the amendments we design offering.
Mr. HENN. I understand the gentleman to
say, then, that the bill, with the amendment which
will be proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, will appropriate something like the sum of
$9,000,000.
Mr. PTIELPS. Nine million three hundred
and ninety-six thousand dollars.
Mr. HENN. We have already appropriated
this session §6,000,000 for the construction of six
nesF steamships. That makes $15,000,000. Now,
I would ask the gentleman, how much morels to
be appropriated this session for the Navy?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is mistaken as
to the amount appropriated by the bill provid-
ing for the construction of six new steamships.
Three millions of dollars, and not $6,000,000 was
the amount appropriated; and that money was
directed by the act to be for the construction of
these steam frigates,and no other purpose. That
does not diminish the amomitof expenditure re-
quired to keep up your Navy.
Mr. MACDONALD. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. HENN. I am opposing the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri, and am in order.
Mr."MACDONALD. That amendment was
opposed by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. HENN. I have said all that I desired to
: s&y. My object was that the committee should
know how much we have appropriated and are to
appropriate to the Navy.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps \
amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move to amend
the bill by adding after the following paragraph:
"For provisions for commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including engineers and marines at-
tached to ve.'eeh? for sea-service, $536,200,'"
these words:
But no intoxicating liquors shall he provided for a bever-
age.
I hope, sir, that the committee will bear with
me in my folly—my characteristic folly—of en-
deavoring to make things better than we find them.
The most common objection to reforms is, that
we should take things as we find them. I admit,
that we should. But, I add, that we should labor
to leave them better than we find them.
The armies and navies of the world are nurseries
/
