1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
merit of the memorial presented, showing the
foundation of the claim:
£* Heforo any white men settled in Georgia, nearly the
who!** country afterwards erected into the great States of
Georgia and Alabama, belonged to ihe Muscogce confeder-
ation. more commonly callod th'i Creek nation.
"Tins nation was always composed of two parts, called
at a later day the upp'>r and lower Creeks.
"The lower Creeks inhabited the country on the Chatta-
hoochee river, and were the original Muscogees, always
friendly with the whites. Their principal town* were
Coweta and Ousseuih. They alone owned the national
lands, and had a right to dispose of them."
Then, there is a reference to the documentary
evidence to show this fact:
"The upper Creek* were composed of several tribes—
conquered or amicably received by the Muscogee,s. They
lived on the Coosa, Tallapoosa, and Alabama rivers, where j
the Muscogees had assigned tiieni land. At an eaily day
they wero under French influence, and then under ripanifh
protection, and many of them were always hostile to the
United State®.
ft The lower Creeks made several treaties with Georgia,
ceding lands ; among others, those of Galplnnton, in Octo-
ber, 17^5, and of Shoulderbone,ni November, Others
wiiiw uiiide with the United Stale*?, at New Vork, in August,
1790, at Colmame, in June, 1790, and others in 1804 and
1805."
Now cornea ail important point, which I ask
the Senate to bear in mind:
"The treaty of 175)0 solemnly {guarantied to the Creek
nation all their lands not then ceded."
Here, then, were laid down their rights. Their
eountry was defined, and the Government of the
United States, at that period, solemnly guarantied
their rights to this original country. Then, m the
investigation, it has been found by the committee,
that from 1790 they stood in the position of owners
and occupants of the country which was after-
wards taken from them by the capitulation of 1813,
or Fort Jackson. There never was any dispute
in regard to the ownership of it.
"The treaty of 1700 solemnly guarantied to the Creek
nation all their land not then ceded. This was done by
express direction of General Washington, after taking the
advice of the Senate.
" 11 p to the Creek war of 1813, the nation owned all the
country between the nwrn Ormulgee and Altamaha, on
the erwt, fuid the Tomhigbee river And the Choctaw and
Chickasaw pot-sessions on the we>t ; and between the
tlui ty-tuat degice ot north latitude, or the Spanish line, on
the south, unil the Cherokee ooimtiy and TenmissHso mer
on tho north,"
This, then, was the country solemnly guaran-
tied to them by the treaty of 1790.
" Tn the year ISKi, a large number of Creek chief* and
warriors, prineipajlv of the U|)per towns, led away b} the
persuasions and aits ol Tecunwh, and by the Iving predic-
tions and fanatical teaching of then jnnphet-s, commenced
a vindienve, and sanguinary wai against the United States,
and tin* triendly portion of their own nation. The war was
waged by them equally ag.um-t both. While mey attacked
the white settlement^, and there burned, devastated, and
murdered, ihey aNo destioyed the property ol the Iriendlv
Creeks at the llillabee town", htnned Kiahgee, and shot its
inhaiutaut", clew (nendlv 'hici^ at the old Coo*.* town,
burned ilalehechubba to a-di'-r*, and threatened Coweta,
and took'i'ookahatcha and Ku.ssetrJi.
il Rut the lowei town*, remained friendly, :mhd the prin-
cipal duels of the upper town*. The hostile* came wholly
from the upper towns. Oj thi-., the volume of the Amenc.ui
State Papers oil Indian alburn contained the imwt ample
evidence.
"The lower Greeks were a settled people, desirous of
living peaceably with the whites, and wholly opposed to
war. i*n it wan solemnly declared by their council. The
chiefs pursued and punished those who robbed and mur-
(ieieii the whites, putting many of them to death.
" Though their annuities were unpaid foi 1812,1813, and
181-1, the lower (Greeks remained hiendly, applied to their
agent, Colonel Hawkins, tor a«M.st,uiee, collected for the
purpose ol self-detViKse, offered to join the whites with two
hundred men and attack the hostile^, send ,i strong force to
Tookabateha, to aid the tnendly upper chiefs, and remove 1
them to Coweta, called for a^iftauce in men and anmiuni- j
tion, concentrated at Coweta, extended strong patrols up I
the Chattahoochee, foiaged a*> far as Tallapoosa, and m-ut
our war parties, keeping the hostiles from attacking the ;
Georgia frontier.'' j
I advert to this for the purpose of showing, next, :
while thus was their position, this was then- alti- h
tude, how it is the Committee on Indian Affairs
have deemed them to have been most unjustly
dealt by, and now possessing most unequivocal
grounds, in equity and justice, for the claim they
set up.
u Tu recponfO to their repeated and urgent solicitation '\
for arms and ammunition, they succeeded in receiving at i!
one time eleven rifles, ninety pounds of powder, and some >l
lead and flints; and tbe*>e were charged against theiran- J
nuities, and at another, eight muskets, one hundred pounds 1 (
of powder, and one hundred and sixty pounds of lead.
As I read this, I do not read the references to
the documentary evidence which support the
points made in the memorial; but, as I before
stated, having examined them, I am prepared to
gay that, in every particular, the history and evi-
dence in the matter fully sustain the allegations:
" In October, 1813, they were one thousand strong at
Coweta, and refused to make peace with the hostile* on
any terms. They aided in fighting the battles of Taliasse-
hatclne and Talladeia ; foui hundred of them fought under
General Floyd at Autiossee, and many were killed and
wounded. They foughtunder General Jackson at Emuck-
fau ; tour hundred of them took part m the battle of (Jala-
bee, and a large body fought in the deceive battle of the
Hordes-hoe, forded the Tallapoosa with Coffee, set the town
on nre, and attacked the Red Sticks from behind, while
General Jackson stormed the breastwork in front."
This, then, as the documentary history of the
affair proves, was the attitude assumed and main-
tained by these Indians. And now we come to
that portion of the case which shows the ground
and foundation of their claim as now presented.
" On the 20th of April, 1814, General Thomas Pinekney
arrived at Fort Jackson ; and, being the senior officer of the
southern Army, he assumed the command.
" On the'23d of April,1814, he directed Colonel Hawkins
to communicate to the hos-tile Creeks the terms on which
pence would be granted to them."
1 hope the Senate will bear in mind that when
General Pinekney reached the country, and took
the command, asit will he seen, he had authority
to conduct tins matter of capitulation. He di-
rected Colonel Hawkins to apprise—who? Why,
the hostile Creeks—the chief of the hostile Creeks
—of what his designs were; and, also, to inform
them of the terms upon which peace would be
made:
" He said, as one of those terms,' the United States will
retain much of the conquered territory as may appear
to the Government therewt to he a just indemnify for the
expenses of the mir, and us a restoration for injuries sus-
tained by iti citizens ah u tuk fkiiimjly Crkkic Iniha ns.5 "
Now, bear in mind, that the country which was
to be taken, according to the instructions of Gen-
eral Pinekney, wan &o much of the conquered
country as would constitute an indemnity to the
United States and the fiiendiy Creeks, for the
expenses of the war, and the spoliations and
devastations winch had been commuted by the
hostiles.
" And he directed the terms to be communicated to the
friendly 1 ntlians, and said : ' You may likewise inform them
that the; Unitid Srvriis wn,i, not fohokt thi:ih fi-
dhuty, hut in the arrangement which may he made of the
lands to be relumed as indemnify, tuvar claims will bi:
Ricsi'i't'TKi); and siuhoj then chief* us have tluifwzunhcd
thon-clvet by (heiv exe> lion and t utor in Ike common caiue
will alho rtcmvr a km m 0 n >' ration iv tuk chocl)
lands, and m suck manner as the Government may di-
> Clt. ' *'
Up to this time, so far as we could get at the
history of the matter, the friendly Creek. Indians
never dreamed that by the term " conquered coun-
try " any portion of their acknowledged country—■
that guaranteed by the treaty of 1790—was meant
at all. They had no idea of it; and ft seems, really,
at that tune, neither General Pinekney nor the
Creek agent. Colonel Hawkins, had any idea of
that either. They supposed that the country lying
north, inhabited by the hostiles, whs that which
was to be confiscated; and that the fiiendiy Creeks
were not only to be left alone and left in the pos-
session of their country, but besides this, that they
were to have indemnity made to them out of this
country of the hostile Creeks, which might be con-
fiscated, as indemnity for the expenses of the war
and for depredations. Kilt, in the further progress
of this matter, we perceive that General Pinekney
was superseded in command by General Jackson.
.Before coming to that, however, I will notice an-
other point:
" The Secretary of War had instructed General Pinekney
thatonc of the icnu" of peace with the hostile**, must bo an
\nJenuiuieahon lorthe expenses of the war by the cession ot
*o much land as should he doomed an equivalent; and
directed that the treaty should be hi a torm altogether mili-
tary, and in the nature ot'a capitulation
These, then, were the instructions of the Sec-
retary of War to General Pmckncy. General
Pinekney caused them to be communicated to the
hostile chiefs, and the further information com-
municated to the friendly chiefs, that such was to
be the fate of the hostile chiefs; and at the same
time, while the land of the hostiles should be con-
fiscated, that out of it the friendly Creeks should
be indemnified for the injuries and expenses that
they had incurred.
" So that both the hostile and fnendly Indians were dis-
tinctly informed that the hostiles were to capitulate and
cede enough ot then lauds to pav the expenses of the war.
Those lands were to be retained out of the conquered lands;
the claim? of the friendly Indians to any part even of the
conquered lands were to be respected, their losses reim-
bursed, and their fidelity not forgotten. Out of the con-
quered lands so retained they weie to be paid for injuries
Mictamed by the.m, and such of the chiefs who had distin-
guished themselves were to receive a remuneration."
This, then, was in the contemplation of the
Government; this was the character of the promise
which was made to the friendly Creek Indians.
It was according to these assurances that the
friendly Creeks were met at the time, and nego-
tiations were proposed. They were to be nego-
tiators in the transaction—not so much as par-
ties, parties to the negotiation in opposition, par-
ties in fault—but they were to be witnesses, as
it were, standing by to see the final consumma-
tion of peace, not only with the enemies of the
country, but with the friendly Creek Indians;
they were to stand by as interested parties;
they were to see those who had shed their blood
.and devastated their country punished now at
last for their improprieties and misconduct, and
when they saw them thus punished, they had the
gratifying intelligence communicated to them by
their agent, under the authority of the Secretary
of War, that they were to be indemnified for the
sacrifices that they had made. It presents one of
the most singular pictures in all our transactions
with our Indian tribes, when we come to view
the transaction constituted in the final settlement
of these Indians.
We now come nearer the consummation, as it
took place:
"On the 10th of July, 1814, General Jackson took the
command. FFe fixed the 1st of August for a general meet-
ing of the hostile Indians at Foit Jackson. When the
time came, only one hostile chief was present. Thirty six
ohief«: signed the articles or treaty at Fort Jackson, of whom
thirty-five were friendly.
This evidence is found in the second volume
of Indian affairs, pnges 837, 838. and 493.
tk When these chiefs met, General Jackson demanded tho
cession of seven eighth-* of the present State of Alabama,
and of seven million eighty fourthousand and eight hundred
acres in the southern part of Georgia. He admitted of no
discussion, but oidered the chiefs to sign the treaty. These
seven millions of acres in Georgia, and as iniich morem
the southern part of Alabama, never belonged to the hos-
tile?, nor were they conquered country. Neither General
Jackson nor any white troops had ever been there. No
hostile foot had trodden them. The friendly Creeks had
demanded and maintained possession, without aid from any
quarter, of their own country, and carried the war into the
hostile country."
This, then, was the position and attitude of af-
fairs when General Jackson went there. When
there whs none of the hostile chiefs assembled to
treat with them, he demanded a capitulation from
somebody, and strange as it appears—and it
rests not merely on the word of any one, but it
appears from the documentary history of the
country—he demanded that those who had fought
in amity with our country, and not only in am-
ity with the country, but-] under his persoral
command, side by side with him at the battles
where he fought, should become a capitulating
party, sign the capitulation, and cede the country,
which was never in contemplation in the instruc-
tions of the Secretary of War, but was land
about which there had been no question of title,
land that had ever been in the possession, occu-
pancy) or ownership of the friends of the country,
and that too solemnly guaranteed by the country
as far back as 1790.
Here the honoiable Senator yielded the floor
that a message might be received from the Presi-
dent of the United States.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Weijster, Esq , his
Private Secretary:
Mr. Pufsidcvt : I am directed bvAhe President of the
United States to return to fhe Senate Hie act making a grant
of hind to the several States of the Union, lor the benefit
of indigent insane persons, with ins objections thereto in
writing.
Mr. FOOT. If the Senator from Wisconsin
will yield the floor, I would like to have the Indian
appropriation bill laid aside, for the purpose of
considering the message of the President.
Mr. PETTIT. For the purpose of hearing the
message i end ?
Mr. FOOT. For the reading of it.
Mr. HCJNTER. It can be laid aside by unan-
imous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) If no objection be made, the consid-
eration of the Indian appropriation bill will be
suspended for the purpose of reading the message.
There was no objection; and the Secretary read
the message, as follows:
