350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
" All act (No. 53) for the relief of the sureties
of Daniel Wmslow." Referred to the Committee
of Claims.
" An act (No. 72) for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased." Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
" An act (No. 110) for the relief of the children
of the late Lieutenant Michael Everly, a.revoiu-
tionary officer." Referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
" An act (No. 103) confirming a certain land
claim in Louisiana known as the Fleurian claim."
Referred to the Committee on Private Land-Claims.
"An act (No. 114) for the relief of Thomas
Pember." Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
"An act (No. 115) for the relief of Samuel
Mickum." Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
"An act (No. 128) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding." Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
' " A resolution (No. 8) for the relief of the own-
ers of the steamer Fanny." Referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
"An act (No. 30) for the relief of Thomas
Marston Taylor." Referred to the Committeeon
Naval Affairs.
"An act (No. 55) to extend the limits of the
port of New Orleans." Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
" An act (No. 62) for the relief of Richard M.
Bouton, George W right, and the widow of Marvin
W.Fisher." Referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
" An act (No. 87) for the relief of Jacob Gid-
eon." Referred to the Committee of Claims.
" An act (No. 89J for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late Captain William G. Wil-
liams." Referred to the Committee of Claims.
"An act (No. 122) to amend the third section
of the act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending June 30, 1854, and for other purposes."
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
"An act (No 149) granting a portion of the
public lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of a railroad and branch railroad
in said State." Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
"An act (No. 15G) to provide for the final set-
tlement of the accounts of Jonathan Kearsley,
late receiver of public moneys at Detroit, and of
John Biddle, late register of the land office at that
Elace." Referred to the Committee on Public
.ands.
" An act (No. 38) to provide for the accommo-
dation of the courts of the United States in the
State of Massachusetts." Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
"An act (No. 132) increasing the pension of
Albert Hart." Referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
"An act (No. 133) for the relief of Lavinia
Taylor." Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
" An act (No. 134) for the relief of Allen G.
Johnson." Referred to the Committeeon Mili-
tary Affairs,
' An act for the relief of Richard Fitzpamck.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
" An act for the relief of Don I . Juan Do-
merce." Referred to the Committee of Claims.
"An net for the compensation of James W.
Low and otheis, for the capture of the British
private aimed schooner Ann, dunne; the late war
with Great Bi itain." Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
" An act for the relief ofPurserT. P McBlair."
Referred to the Committeeon Naval Alfaus.
" An act for the relief of John G Camp." Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
"An act for the rehef of Samuel H. Hemp-
stead." Referred to the Committeeon the Ju-
diciary.
"Anactforthe relief of thelegal representatives
of the Ittte Thomas Chapman, formerly collector
of the port of Georgetown, South Carolina." Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
"An act for the relief of Isaac Varm, senior."
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
"An act for the relief of Richard King." Re-
ferred to the Committee on /Private Land Claims.
SUPERINTENDENT OF^PUBLIC PRINTING.
The joint resolution from the Senate " author-
izing an increase of the force in the office of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing," was
next taken up for consideration.
The SPEAKER stated that a motion was pend-
ing to refer the joint resolution to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MURRAY. I hope it will not be so re-
ferred, but that it will be put upon its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question is not
understood m this part of the Hall.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will be
again reported.
Mr. DISNEY. Was not the resolution re-
ported back from the Committeeon Printing?
The SPEAKER. It was; and it is proposed
by that committee to put it upon its passage. A
motion, however, is pending to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mi. HOUSTON. 1 think that there is some
misunderstanding in reference to this matter The
resolution may have been informally before the
Committee on Printing; but, so far as my inform-
ation extends, it was never referred to it by a vote
of this House.
Mr. MURRAY, The resolution was referred
to the Joint Committee on Printing, and after con-
sideration, reported by the chairman of that
committee to the Senate, from whence it comes
before this House.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It was re-
ferred by the Senate to the Joint Committee on
Printing, and by them it was authorized to be re-
ported back to that body. It therefore was before
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 would inquire of gentle-
men of that committee whether they considered
the same matter, and agreed to report favorably
on it ?
Mr. STANTON. We did, sir.
Mr. HIBBARD. If that be so, it is then en-
tirely unnecessary to again commit the resolution.
The resolution was read through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, with instructions to inquire into the expe-
diency of subjecting .and making amenable the
Superintendency of the Public Printing to the In-
terior Department.
Mr. GROW. The Superintendentof the Pub-
lic Printing has now to give bonds for the faithful
discharge of all of his duties. We require of him,
by law, to superintend the whole of the public
printing, and hold him responsible for the faithful
execution of that duty. Then why should he not
have the appointment of his own officers? If he
is to be accountable for the proper execution of the
printing and the engraving of maps, &c., he should
certainly have the appointment of his own officers,
i Mr. HOUSTON. There is another point in
1 the instructions of the gentleman from Tennessee
J which ! think commends itself to the favorable
i consideration of this House, and I desire to call
, attention to it. At present the Committee on
! Printing supervise the accounts of the Superin-
! tendent. The Superintendent makes no formal
1 requisition for money unless his accounts have un-
j dergone the oidmary supervision of the Commit-
i tee on Printing, all of which is rififht and proper
| enough, admitting that committee is always enough
! at leisure to supervise those accounts: but there is
: a time when that committee is not in existence.
! During the recesses between the sessions of Con-
, gress that committee is not here to supervise the
\ actions of the Superintendent in reference to the
! public printing;.
] There is a joint resolution, however, which says
| that during the absence of the Committee on Print-
i ing the Supeimtendent's accounts shall undergo
1 the supervision of the Clerk ofthe House and the
| Secretary of the Senate. Now, sir, I think in
; that there is a great defect; and this subject ou^ht
i to be placed under the charge of som^ permanent
and responsible Department of the Government,
one which is continuous and always here to super-
! vise and attend to the business ot the public, punt-
i ini>- One of the provisions of the law in relation
j to the public, printing;—T may not be able to turn
] to it immediately^—requires, that when the work
j shall be brought in the Superintendent of the
Public Printing shall, if he deems it unfit to be re-
ceived, reject it entirely. If, however, it is in a
condition that he may receive it, he receives if,
making some deduction, according to his judg-
ment, and if there is any dispute between htm and
the public printer the question shall be decided
by the Committee on Printing. That of itself
shows that it is absolutely essential to the health-
ful action of that part of the public printing that
theie should be some permanent, responsible au-
thority to supervise the action of the Superintend-
ent in connection with the public printing of the
two Houses. Tt will not do to say that the defect
which 1 have pointed out is cured by the joint
resolution which refers it to the Clerk of the House
and the Secretary of the Senate, for the reason that
those two officers have about as much as they can
attend to. They should not have the power to
supervise. They are not the persons to whom we
ought to refer a matter of this sort, to supervise
the acts ofthe Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing, and to act as a check upon him.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] lahors under
a misapprehension as to the power of this Super-
intendent of Public Printing. He has the control
of no funds whatever, except about $1,000 of con-
tingent money usually appropriated for the benefit
of that office. The accounts of the public printer
and the binder are settled by the Comptroller of
the Treasury, in the same manner as all other ac-
counts are settled. The only money under the
control of the Superintendent is the $1,000 every
year voted for the contingent p'urposes of that
office.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will read the law, if the
gentleman will allow me. The law says:
" Ue shall inspcct the work when executed hy the pub-
lic printer oi printers, ai.d shall record, in a book or book?,
to be by him kept for that purpose, the Hates at which the
rciurn^ of said work ire made, and whether the same is
executed in a neat and workmanlike manner, upon Ihe pa-
pei lumr-hed to the public printcis by said Suppimtend-
ent, and the amount allowed by paid Superintendent for
said pinning It shall be his duty to supervise the exe-
cution of the public printing, and inspect the work when
executed, and to bee that the same is done with neatness
and dispatch, and report every failure or delinquency of
duly on the part of the public printer, and from time to time .
to report the said delinquencies to the Joint Committee of
Congress on Printing. He shall issue his certificate (or the
amount due to the public printer for such woik as shall have
been faithfully executed, which certificate shall be made
payable to the public primer at the Treasury ot the United
States and shall not be arguable or transferable by an in-
ducement and dehverrd to any third party. Said certifi-
cate of the Superintendent shall be a sufficient voucher
for the Oomptioller to pass, and for the Treasurer, upon the
older of the Second Comptroller, to pay the same."
I think, according to this law, I was not mis-
taken at all.
Mr. STANTON. I intended simply to say
that the duty of theSuperintendent is to supervise
j the public printing, and to see that the same is
| properly executed, and according to the terms of
| the law. He draws no money out of the Treas-
i ury, and he has no money at his command.
• Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from Ala-
| bama [Mr. Houston] will be kind enough to send
! me the statute from which he read, I will add a
I few words in reference to this matter.
During the last Congress I happened to be a
] member of the JointCommifteeon Printing. That
' committee during that Congress was rather a lively
| committee—at least its duties were quite thankless
and very arduous, and it became possessed of some
. information in reference to the printing law of 1852
! that may be of service to the House now.
i Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, the increased
1 force provided for in this bill is necessary. 1 regret
to say it, sir, for I regret the increase of the num-
ber of employees of the Government; but a due
; regaul to the transaction of the business cast upon
the Superintendent of Public Printing, I think, de-
mands the passage of this bill.
In addition, sir, to the general information ac-
quired last Congress, in my service upon the
Committee on Printing, I have taken special pains,
and made particular inquiries in reference to this
! matter, since the bill has lain upon your table,
i There js some point and merit, sir, in the sug-
! ^estion made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
, [Mr. Jones,) that the Superintendent of Printing
might well be placed under thegeneral supervision
of the Deportment of the Interior. Still, sir, I
think the gentleman's motion is at war with the
; general spirit of the printing act of 1852. It will
i be seen, by reference to that act, that it was mani-
