1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
To the Senate of the United States:
The bill entitled "An act making a grant of
public lands to the several States for the benefit of
indigent insane persons," which was presented to
me on the 27th ultimo, has been maturely consid-
ered, and is returned to the Senate, the House in
which it originated, with a statement of the objec-
tions which have required me to withhold from it
my approval.
In the performance of this duty prescribed by
the Constitution, I have been compelled to resist
the deep sympathies of my own heart in favor of
the humane purpose sought to be accomplished,
and to overcome .the reluctance with which 1 dis-
sent from the conclusions of the two Houses of
Congress, and present my own opinions in oppo-
sition to the action of a coordinate branch of the
Government, which possesses so fully my confi-
dence and respect.
If, in presenting my objections to this bill, I
should say more than strictly belongs to the
measure, or is required for the discharge of my
official obligation, let it be attributed to a sincere
desire to justify my act before those whose good
opinion 1 so highly value, and to that earnest-
ness which springs from my deliberate conviction,
that a strict adherence to the terms and purposes
of the Federal compact, offers the best, if not the
only, security for the preservation of our blessed
inheritance of representative liberty.
The bill provides, in substance:
First. That ten millions of acres of land be
granted to the several States, to be apportioned
among them in the compound ratio of the geo-
graphical area, and representation of said States
in the House of Representatives.
Second. That wherever there are public lands
in a State subject to sale at the regular price of i
private entry, the proportion of said ten millions '
of acres falling to such State, shall be selected from
such lands within it; and that to the States in
which there are no such public lands, land scrip
shall be issued to the amount of their distributive
shares, respectively, said scrip not to be entered by
said States, but to be sold by them, and subject to
entry by their assignees, provided that none of it
shall be sold at less than one dollar per acre, under
penalty of forfeiture of the same to the United
States.
Third. That the expenses of the management
and superientendence of said lands, and of the
moneys received therefrom, shall be paid by the
States to which they may belong, out of the treas-
sury of said States.
Fourth. That the gross proceeds of the sales of
such lands, or land-scrip so granted, shall be in-
vested by the several States in safe stocks, to con-
stitute a perpetual fund, the principal of which
shall remain forever undiminished, and the interest
to be appropriated to the maintenance of the indi-
gent insane within the several States.
Fifth. That annual returns of lands or scrip
sold shall be made by the States to the Secretary
of the Interior, and the whole grant be subject to
certain conditions and limitations prescribed in
the bill, to be assented to by legislative acts of
said States.
This bill, therefore, proposes that the Federal
Government shall make provision to the amount
of the value of ten millionsof acres of land, for an
eleemosynary object within the several States, to
be administered by the political authority of the
same; and it presents, at the threshold, the ques-
tion, whether any such act, on the part of the
Federal Government, is warranted and sanctioned
by the Constitution, the provisions and principles
of which are to be protected and sustained as a
first and paramount duty.
It cannot be questioned that if Congress have
power to make provision for the indigent insane
without the limits of this District, it has the same
power to provide for the indigent who are not in-
sane; and thus to transfer to the Federal Govern-
ment the charge of all the poor in all the States.
It has the same power to provide hospitals and
other local establishments for the care and cure of
every species of human infirmity, and thus to as-
sume all that duty of either public philanthropy,1
or public necessity to the dependent, the orphan,
the sick, or the needy, which is now discharged
by the States themselves, or by corporate institu-
tions, or private endowments existing under the
legislation of the States. The whole field of public ,
beneficence is thrown open to the care and culture i
of the Federal Government. Generous impulses
no longer encounter the limitations and control of
our imperious fundamental law. For, however
worthy may be the present object in itself, it is
only one of a class. It is not exclusively worthy
of benevolent regard. Whatever considerations
dictate sympathy for this particular object, apply,
in likemanner, if not in the same degree, to idiotcy,
to physical disease, to extreme destitution. If
Congress may and ought to provide for any one of
these objects, it may and ought to provide for them
all. And if it be done in this case, what answer
shall be given, when Congress shall be called upon,
as it doubtless will be, to pursue a similar course
of legislation in the others? It will, obviously,
be vain to reply that the object is worthy, but
that the application has taken' a wrong direction.
The power will have been dehber&tively assumed,
the general obligation will, by this act, have been
acknowledged, and the question of means and |
expediency will alone be left for consideration. !
The decision upon the principle, in any one case,
determines it for the whole class. The question
presented, therefore, clearly is upon the constitu-
tionality and propriety of the Federal Government
assuming to enter into a novel and vast field of
legislation, namely, that of providing for the care
and support of all those, among the people of the
United States, who, by any form of calamity,
become fit objects of public philanthropy.
I readily, and I trust feelingly, acknowledge the
duty incumbent on us all, as men and citizens,
and as among the highest and holiest of our du-
ties, to provide for those who, in the mysterious
order of Providence, are subject to want and to
disease of body or mind, but I cannot find any
authority in the Constitution for making the
Federal Government the great almoner of public
charity throughout the United States. To do so
would, in my judgment, be contrary to the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, and subversive of
the whole theory upon which the Union of these
States is founded. And if it were admissible to
contemplate the exercise of this power, for any
object whatever, I cannot avoid the belief that it
would, in the end, be prejudicial rather than
beneficial to the noble offices of charity, to have
the chaige of them transferred from the States to
the Federal Government. Are we not too prone
to forget that the Federal Union is the creature
of the States, not they of the Federal Union?
We were «the inhabitants of Colonies distinct in
local government one from the other, before the
Revolution. By that Revolution the Colonies
each became an independent State. They achieved
that independence, and secured its recognition by
the agency of a consulting body, which, from
being an assembly of the ministers of distinct
sovereignties, instructed to agree to no form of
government which did not leave the domestic con-
cerns of each State to itself, was appropriately
denominated a Congress. When, having tried
the experiment of the Confederation, they resolved
to change that for the present Federal Union, and
thus to confer on the Federal Government more
ampleauthority,they sciupulously measured such
of the functions of their cherished sovereignty as
they chose to delegate to the General Govern-
ment. With this aim, and to this end, the fathers
of the Republic framed the Constitution, in and j
by which the independent and sovereign States i
united themselves, for certain specified objects and .
purposes, and for those only, leaving all powers |
not therein set forth as conferred on oneoranother ,
of the three great departments, the legislative, the i
executive, and the judicial, indubitably with the '
States. And when the people of the several States |
had, in their State conventions, and thus alone, i
given effect and force to the Constitution, not con- (
tent that any doubt should, in future, arise as to i
the scope and character of this act, they ingrafted j
thereon the explicit declaration that: 4(The pow- !
' ers not delegated to the United States by the Con- !
* stitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
'reserved to the States respectively, or to the
1 people.''
Can it be controverted that the great mass of
the business of Government that involved, in the
social relations, the internal arrangements of the
body-politic; the mental and moral culture of men;
the development of local resources of wealth; the
punishment of crimes in general; the preserva-
tion of order; the relief of the needy, or otherwise
unfortunate members of society, did, in prac-
tice, remain with the States; that none of these
objects of local concern are, by the Constitution,
expressly or impliedly prohibited to the States,
and that none of them are, by any express lan-
guage of the Constitution, transferred to ilielTni-j
ted States? Can it be claimed that any of these
functions of local administration and legislation
are vested in the Federal Government tpy any im-
plication ? I have never found anything in the
Constitution which is susceptible of such a'con-
struction. No one of the enumerated powers
touches the subject, or has even a remote analogy
to it. The powers -conferred upon the United
States have reference to Federal relations, or to the
means of accomplishing or executing things of
Federal relation. So, also, of the same character
are the powers taken away from the States by
enumeration. In either case, the powers granted
and the powers restricted were so granted or so
restricted only where it was requisite for the main-
tenance of peace and harmony between the States,
or for the purpose of protecting their common
interests, and defendingtheircommon sovereignty,
against aggression from abroad or insurrection at
home.
1 shall not discuss the question of power some-
times claimed for the General Government, under
the clause of the eighth section of the Constitu-
tion, which gives Congress the power u to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay
debts, and provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States," because
if it has not already been settled upon sound
reason and authority, it never will be. I take
the received and just construction of that arti-
cle, as if written to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, in order to pay the debts,
and in order to provide for the common defense
and geneial welfare. It is not a substantive
general power to provide for the welfare of the
United States, but is a limitation on the grant of
power to raise money by taxes, duties, and im-
posts. If it were otherwise, all the rest of the
Constitution, consisting of carefully enumerated,
and cautiously guarded grants of specific powers,
would have been useless, if not delusive. It
would be impossible, in that view, to escape from
the conclusion, that these were inserted only-to
mislead for the present, and instead of enlighten-
ing and defining the pathway of the future, to
involve its action in the mazes of doubtful con-
struction. Such a conclusion the character of
the men who framed that sacred instrument
will never permit us to form. Indeed, to sup-
pose it susceptible of any other construction
would be to consign all the rights of the States,
and of the people of the States, to the mere discre-
tion of Congress, and thus to clothe the Federal
Government with authority to control the sov-
ereign States, by which the States won I'd have
been dwarfed into provinces or departments, and
all sovereignty vested in an absolute consolidated
cential power, against which the spirit of liberty
has so often, and in so many countries, struggled
in vain. In my judgment you cannot,by tributes
to humanity, make any adequate compensation
for the wrong you would inflict by removing the
sources of power and political action from those
who are to be thereby affected. If the time shall
ever arrive when, for an object appealing however
strongly to our sympathies, the dignity of the
States shall bow to the dictation of Congress, by
conforming their legislation thereto, when the
power, and majesty, and honor of those who
created shall become subordinate to the thing of
their creation, I but feebly utter my apprehensions
when I express my firm conviction that we shall
see " the beginning of the end."
Fortunately, we are not left in doubt as to the
purpose of the Constitution, any more than as to
its express language, for, although the history of
its formation, as recorded in the Madison papers,
shows that the Federal Government, in its present
form, emerged from the conflict of opposing influ-
ences, which have continued to divide statesmen
from that day to this, yet the rule of clearly de-
fined powers, and of strict construction, presided
over the actual conclusion and subsequent adoption
of the Constitution.
President Madison, in the Federalist, says:
'The powers delegated by the proposed Consti-
tution to the Federal Government are few and
'defined. Those which are to remain in the
6 State governments, are numerous and indefinite.
