1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
festjy the intention of Congress in passing it that
the Superintendent of Printing should bean officer
of the two Houses of Congress—the intention
most evidently was that the printing of the two
Houses should be under their own charge, and
that the two Houses should not be under the di-
rection or control of, or in any way dependent
upon, or beholden to, any Department,any bureau,
or any man or set of men whatever, for their
printing, with the single exception of their own
Superintendent Printing. The Superintendent,
and he alone, was to stand between us and the
paper-makers on one hand, and between us and
the public printer on the other.
Let me make another remark here, sir, in rela-
tion to that printing law; and whether right or
wrong, it shows that Congress did not intend that
any Department should intervene or control the !
Superintendent. j
The third section of the law, which was partly !
read by thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous- '
ton,] makes the Superintendent the person to in-
spect the papers and the printing, and then to
audit and settle the accounts of the public printer;
and it goes still further, and provides what I think
is objectionable, (if there is anything that is ob-
jectionable in that third section.) It provides, in
substance, that his certificate shall be, in and of
itself, a sufficient warrant or voucher upon which
to get the money named in it from the Treasury,
without any essential control in any quarter what-
ever.
It may be, sir, that this third section should be
amended. In fact, in my judgment, it ought to be.
I was opposed to it, as giving too plenary a power
to the Superintendent, when the law was passed;
but it is, in my opinion, quite conclusive that the
spintof that act was in opposition to the views now
entertained by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.]
I think there can be no reasonable doubt that it
was the object of the last Congress, in passing
that section, that Congress itself should have and
keep the control of the printing, and of paying for
it, and settling the accounts for printing through
its own Superintendent. i
After providing, in substance, that it shall, f
among other things, be the duty of the Superin- ]
tendent to receive all matter ordered by the Senate 1
and House to be printed, and also all matter
ordered to be printed by the heads of Departments, |
and bureaus, and to keep a faithful account of the :
same m a given way; that he shall deliver it to the
public printer, or printers; that he shall inspect the
work when executed, and record, in books kept 1
for the purpose, the dates of its return, and whether i
executed in a neat and workmanlike manner,upon j
the paper furnished by him to the public printer, j
and the amount allowed for the printing; that it |
shall be his duty to supervise the public printing, j
to inspect the work when executed, to see it is
done with neatness and dispatch, and to report
all failures by the printer to the Joint Committee
on Printing; most of which was read by the cen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] This
third section goes on to say:
"lie (the Superintendent) shall issue his certificate for
the amount due to the public punter for such work as shall
have been faithfully executed, which certificate shall be
made pa\ab!e to the public printer at the Tieasuiy of the
United States, arid shall not be as-piirtiable or transferable
by endorsement >>r delivery to any thud person. Said eeiti-
fioar • of the Superintendent"—
Yes, sir, of the Superintendent; so the section
reads—
—"shall be a sufficient voucher for the Comptroller to ;
pa«j?, and for theTreasurer, upon the order of the Second
Comptroller, to pay the t ame." j
Such, sir, was the judgment; such was the lan- 1
guage of the Congress which passed that bill. I
again submit, they did not intend to leave their
Superintendent subject to any Department or bu-
reau.
So much with reference to the instructions to go
to the committee with this bill, as proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Now, sir, a few words in reference to fhe in- .
crease of force proposed by this bill. I r^jret
that the necessities of (he case requires it ajfthe
hands of the House. 1 have as little inclination
to give it, if unnecessary, as any member here;
but there is a \ust amount of labor cast upon this
Supeuutendent, and he wants skill as well as
labor. I recollect, sir, I offered a joint resolution
at the short session of the last Congress, to give 1
the then Superintendentof Public Printing two
clerks and a messenger. Mr. Towers was then
Superintendent, and he needed the help, although
he was a very capable and quite competent man
for the business.
I well remember my joint resolution was op-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] and he carried the feelings and the sense
of the House with him, upon the ground that it
would be establishing a bureau. He defeated
the resolution; but upon a reconsideration, on a
subsequent day, the resolution was passed. The
Senate concurred m it, and the clerks and messen-
ger were employed; but the resolution got mislaid
in the Senate, and never was presented to the
President for Jus signature.
Since that time, sir, we have added very ma-
terially to the duties of the Superintendent, some
of winch additional duties 1 will mention, and then
leave the subject with the House.
We provided in one section of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill of last year, that he
shall supervise and inspect all the binding of docu-
ments ordered by both Houses.
The printing that he has supervised at the pub-
lic printeis,goes fiorn there, by his direction, to
the binders. The public binder, after he has bound
the work, delivers it to the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing here at the folding room. Then the
Superintendent examines and inspects the work,
and decides and certifies whether the printing and
binding have been done according to the contracts
with the printer and with the binder.
After this has all been performed, the Superin-
tendent, 1 understand—and no doubt such is his
duty—counts all the books that have been de-
livered, and certifies to the number. That certifi-
cate is one of the certificates provided for in the
third section, which I have lead. Without that cer-
tificate neither the printer nor the binder can get
one cent of their pay. This duty alone very ma-
terially increases the labors to be performed by
this officer.
There is another subject, sir, which is the
source of considerable laborand annoyance to the
Superintendent of Public Printing. I refer to the
engraving. There is a large amount of engraving
done by order of Congress. I believe it is all con-
tracted for by the Committee on Engraving, with-
out the aid or interference of the Superintendent.
Under their contracts the engravings are delivered
here in boxes. Some are brought to the lower
rooms of this "House, some are sent to the binders,
and some to the public printers. The Superin-
tendent, by the provision in the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, already refeired to, is
bound to take charge of this branch of business,
and to receive, inspect, and take cfii e of this public
property, and be responsible for it. And when j
he begins to look about him, finds some of it m one ;
place, and some in another. He collects it as j
best he can, counts the sheets; and if they do not \
hold out, we suffer loss to that amount.
For these various reasons—and I have endeav-
ored to make the statement as short as 1 could—I
think this increase ot force should be granted to !
this officer, i think the present Superintendent, :
though lacking the experience of the late Super- i
intendent in reference to doing business in Wash-
ington, is inclined to discharge his duties as well
as he knows how; but I believe he will not be able
to get along with his present force. I have deemed
it my duty to say this much. Although 1 am op-
posed to giving an unnecessary number of clerks
to this officer, 1 believe that a proper regard to the '
transaction of the business of the House, and of!
Congress, requires that this force should be in- !
creased. '
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. Before the gentle- |
mon from New York yields the floor, 1 wish to j
ask him one question. The gentleman is some- i
what conveisant with this subject, and says that 1
some additional force is necessary. Now, i wish 1
to ask him whether it is an increase of clerical !
force that the Superintendent needs, or whether it '
is not a prac ical printer? i
Mr. HAVEN. I have no doubt, if this bill j
passes, the Superintendent of the Public Printing 1
would a-Jt most wisely if he employed practical '
printers undent as clerks. 1
Air. JONES. I ask the gentleman whether it '
is clerks that are needed ? i ask him whether it j
is clerical duties which thej?" areunable to perform, i
or whether, if additional force is needed at all, the |J
>i Superintendent does not need the services ofaprac-
tical printer to assist him in seeing that the busi-
j; ness of Superintendent is properly done?
! * Mr. HAVEN. In answer to the gentleman, I
11 will say that, if the services of a practical printer
;• are needed, this bill will enable him to select as
jj his additional clerks practical printers, and" men
/ competent, also, to discharge clerical duties.- J
,j should recommend him, by all means, to select
j| good, practical printers and clerkly business men.
j, I thihk, Mr. Speaker, this bill ought to pass,
ij Mr. HIBBARD. Whether the alteration sug-
gested by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
jl Jones] ought to be made or not, I am not pre-
r pared to say. It may be that changes are needed,
I and ought to be made; but now is not the time,
i nor is it the proper manner in which to go into this
investigation. We have been told that more force
of some kind is needed in the office of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing. So the com-
mittees in the Senate and in the House have in-
formed us, and so the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] has informed us.
It will be remembered, also, that we have now
two public printers, one for the House, and one
for the Senate; and it is understood that that adds
materially to the business of the office. We have
ordered an unusually large amountofpublic print-
ing for this period of the session; and for this,
and other reasons which I do not understand to be
controverted, it seems that there should be an ad-
ditional force; and if clerks who understand print-
ing practically are needed, it is to be presumed'
that such will be appointed. I hope that the in-
structions of the gentleman from Tennessee will
not be agreed to, as the subject can be taken up at
some other time, and the requisite changes in the
i; law made.
j1 Mr. CLENGMAN. I threw in a little opposi-
|! tion to this resolution the other day, but 1 am so
|! well satisfied by the statements that have been
jj made all around me that it ought to pass that I
Ij content myself with moving the previous ques-
j! tion, as the amendments to the law can be made
[j .hereafter.
| Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Do I understand the
j gentleman to say that he intends to vote for the
j instructions proposed by the gentleman from
! Tennessee ?
| Mr. CLINGMAN. No; I shall vote against
j the instructions. We can amend the law hereafter,
i if necessary.
I Mr. JONES. It is necessary to hurry through
| this resolution. Some persons are waiting for
these two offices. (A laugh.)
j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, called for tellers
on the previous question.
j Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
j and Faulkner were appointed.
| The question was then put; and the tellers re-
1 ported—86 in the affirmative. A further count was
j not insisted on.
1 So the previous question received a second,
i Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
j do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 51, noes 72.
| Mr, FLORENCE demanded tellers.
! Tellers were not ordered; and the Speaker there-
; fore decided that the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee,demandedtellerson
I his motion to commit, with instructions.
I Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Faulkxer were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 41,
noes uot counted.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
! grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
' it was read a thiid time.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
' the passage of the resolution, and they were
ordered.
1 Mr. LILLY. I move that the House do now
i adjourn.
! The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question was then taken upon the nnssa^e
' of the lesolution, and there were—yeas 97, iuj a
61; as follows:
YEAP— Appleton, Rank's, Rplehr-r, Re Kou,
' Bisseil, Chandler, Chastam, Chnsmau, fluii'inan, Cox,
, Crocker, Thomas Davis. Dawson, Dent, Dickinson, Dis-
! ney, DowdcU, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmanrls, Eveihart, Parley,
Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble,
