1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
•Its" (the General Government's) 44jurisdiction
* extends to certain enumerated objects only, and
* leaves to the several Stales a residuary and invio-
1 lable sovereignty over all other objects."
-4(gt In the same spirit, President Jefferson invokes
44 the support of the State governments in all their
rights as the most competent administrations for
our domestic concerns, and the surest bulwark
against anti-republican tendencies;" and President
Jackson said that our true strength and wisdom
are not promoted by invasions of the rights and
powers of the several States, but that, on the con-
trary, they consist 44 not in binding the States
more closely to the center, but in leaving each
more unobstructed in its proper orbit."
The framers of the Constitution, in refusing to
confer on the Federal Government any jurisdic-
tion over these purely local objects, in my judg-
ment, manifested a wise forecast and broad com-
prehension of the true interests of these objects
themselves. It is clear that public charities within
the States can be efficiently administered only by
their authority. The bill before me concedes this,
for it does not commit the funds it provides to the
administration of any other authority.
I cannot but repeat what I have before ex-
pressed, that if the several States, many of which
have already laid the foundation of munificent
establishments of local beneficence, and nearly all
of which are proceeding to establish them, shall
be led to suppose, as they will be, should this bill
become a law, that Congress is to make provision
for such objects, the fountains of chanty will be
dried up at home, and the several States, instead
of bestowing their own means on the social wants
of their own people, may themselves, through the
strong temptation, which appeals to States as to
individuals, become humble suppliants for the
bounty of the Federal Government, reversing
their true relation to this Union.
Having stated my views of the limitation of the
powers conferred by the u^hth section of the first
article of the Constitution, 1 deem it proper to call
attention to the thiid seition of the fourth article,
and to the provisions of the sixth article, bearing
directly upon the question under consideiation;
which, instead of aiding the ehtim to power exer-
cised in this case, lend, H i* believed, strongly to
illustrate and explain pw-ili-ms which, even with-
out such support, 1 cannot )r;ard as questionable.
The third section oi the fomth aiticle of lite
Constitution, is m the blowing terms: "The
4Congiess shall have power to dispose of, and
4 make Ml needful rules ami lobulations i especting,
1 the temtoi y or other pf.ipu ty belonging to the
4 United States-, and nothing in this Constitution
4 bhall he so com lined as !<> prejudice any claim
4 of the United States, or of any particular State."
The sixth article u nx follows, to wit: that "All
4 debts contracted and cn ,urempnts entered into,
4 before the adoption ol tins Constitution, shall
4 be as valid against the United States under this
4 Constitution as under the Confederation."
For a correct understanding of the terms used
in the third section of the fourth article, above
quoted, reference should br had to the history of
the times in which lb'; (lonstituUon was foimed
and adopted. It was derided upon in convention
on the 17th September, 1787, and by it Congress
was empowered to 44 dispose of," &c., 44 the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States." The only terntoi y then belonging to the
United States, was that thin recently ceded by the
several States, to wit: hy New York m 1781, by
Virginia in 1784, by Abiss(u'hu.->t tt-> in 1785, and
by South Ciirol'iia m AnguM, 17^7, only the
month before the fnrnMinm of the Constitution.
The region from ViaM:. 1 contained the following
provision:
4• That a'I fiie if nu "■ wn !i;<) the territory so ceded
4 to the United noMeserved for, nr.ip-
4 propriated to, any of the before mentioned pur-
1 poses, or dispor-ed of in bounties to the officers
* and soldiers of the A n?i ican Army, shall becon-
1 side^ed a common fund tor the use and benefit
- of such of the- Unn<_-d S:.oes as hate become, or
; shall become members of the Confederation or
4 Federal AHmnee of the said State**, Virginia m-
4 eluded, according to the-r usual respective pro-
4 portions, in the genetrd rhnrge and expenditure,
4 and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed of
4 for that purpose, and for no other use or purpose
1 whatsoever."
Here the object for which these lands are to be
disposed of, is clearly set forth; and the power to
dispose of them granted by the thud section of
the fourth article of the Constitution, clearly con-
templates such disposition only. If such be the
fact, and in my mind there can be no doubt of it,
then you have again, not only no implication m
favor of the contemplated giant, but the strongest
authority against it.
Furthermore, this bill is in violation of the faith
of the Government, pledged in the act of Janu-
ary 28, 1847. The nineteenth section of that act
declares, 44 That, for the payment of the stock
4 which may be created under the provisions of this
4 act, the sales of the public lands are hereby
4 pledged; and it is hereby made the duty of the
4 Secretary of the Treasury to use and apply all
4 moneys which may be received into the ri reasury
4 for the sales of the public lands after the first day
4 of January, 1848, first to pay the inteiest on all
4 stocks issued by virtue of this act; and secondly,
4 to use the balance ot said receipts, alter paying
4 the interest aforesaid, in the puichase of said
4 stocks at their inaiket value," &c. The debts
then contracted have not been liquidated, and the
language of this section, and the obligations of
the United States under it, are too plain to need
comment.
1 have been unable to discover any distinction,
on constitutional grounds, or grounds of expedi-
ency, between an appropriation of ten millions of
dollars, directly from the money in the Treasury,
for the object contemplated, and the appropriation
of lands presented for my sanction. And yet, I
cannot doubt, that if the bill proposed ten mil-
lions of dollars from the Treasury of the United
States, for the support of indigent insane in the
several Slates, that the constitutional question in-
volved m the act would have attracted forcibly
the attention of Congress.
I respectfully submit, that, in a constitutional
point of view, it is wholly immaterial whether
the appropriation be in money or m land.
The public domain is the common property of
the Union, just as much as the surplus proceeds
of that, and of duties on impoits lemaming un-
expended in the Treasury. As such, it has been
pledged, is now pledged, and may need to be so
pledged again for public indebtedness.
As property, it is distinguished from actual
money chiefly m this respect: that its profitable
management sometimes icquires that portions of
U be appiopnaled to local objects, in the States
wherein it may happen to he, as would be done by
any prudent proprietor to enhance the sale-value
of his puvate domain. AH such grants of land
aie, in fact, a disposal of it for value received; but
they afford no precedent, oi constitutional reason,
for giving nwav the public lands. Still less do
they give sanction to appropriations for objects
which have not been intrusted to the Federal Gov-
ernment, and therefore belong exclusively to the
States.
To assume that the public lands are applicable
to ordinary State objects, whether of public struc-
tures, police, charity, or expenses of State admin-
istration, would be to disregaid, to the amount of
: the value of the public lands, all the limitations of
I the Constitution, and confound, to that extent, all
distinctions between the rights arid powers of the
States, and those of the United States. For if
the public lands may be applied to the support
of the poor, whether sane or insane, if the dis-
posal of them and their proceeds be not sub-
ject to theoidinary limitations of the Constitu-
tion, then Congress possesses unqualified power
to provide for expenditures in the States by
means of the public lands, even to the degree of
defraying the salaries of Governors, judges, and
all other expenses of t he Govei nment,and internal
administration within the seveial States. The
conclusion from the general survey of the whole
subject is, to my mind, irresistible, and closes the
question, both of right and of expediency, so far
as regards the principle of the appropriation pro-
posed m this bill. Would not iheadmission of such
a power in Congress to dispose ol the public do-
main, work the practical abrogation of some of the
most important provisions of the Constitution ? If
the systematic reservation of a definite portion of
the public lands (the sixteenth section) in the
States, for the purpose of education, and occa-
sional grants for similar purposes be cited as con-
tradicting these conclusions, the answer, as it
appears to me, is obvious and satisfactory. Such
' reservations and grants, besides being a part of
| the conditions on which the propiietary right of
I the United States is maintained, along with the
j eminent domain of a particular State, and by
I which the public land remains free from taxation
! in the State in which it lies, as long as it remains
! the pioperty of the United States, are the acts of
; a mere land-owner, disposing of a small share of
1 his property in a way to augment the value of the
residue, and in this mode to encourage the early
occupation of it by the industrious and intelligent
pioneer.
The great example of apparent donation of lands
to the States, likely to be relied upon as sustaining
the principles of this bill, is the relinquishment of
swamp lands to the States in which they are situ-
ated; but this, also, like other grants already re-
ferred to, was based expressly upon grounds
clearly distinguishable in principle Aom any which
can be assumed for the bill herewith returned, viz:
upon the interest and duty of the proprietor. They
were charged, and not without reason, to be a
nuisance to the inhabitants of the surrounding
country. The measure was predmated, not only
upon the ground of the disease inflicted upon the
people of the States which the United States could
not justify, as a just and honest, proprietor, but
also upon an express limitation of the application
of the proceeds, in the first instance, to purposes
of levees and drains, thus protecting the health of
the inhabitants, and, at the same time, enhancing
the value of the remaining lands belonging to the
General Government. It is not to be dented that
Congress, while administering the public lands as
a proprietor, within the principle distinctly an-
nounced in my annual message, may sometimes
have failed to distinguish accurately between ob-
jects which are and which are not within its con-
stitutional powers.
After the most careful examination, I find but
two examples in the acts of Congress which fur-
nish any precedent for the present bill, and those
examples will, in my opinion, serve rather as a
warning than as an inducement to tread in the
same path.
The first is the act of March 3d, 1819, granting
a township of land to the Connecticut asylum for
the education of the deaf and dumb.
The second th.'t of April 5th, 1W26, making a
similar grant of land to the Kentucky asylum for
teaching the deaf and dumb.
The first more than thirty years after the
adoption of the Constitution, and the second more
than a quarter of a century ago.
These acts were unimportant as to the amount
appropriated, and, so far as I can ascertain, were
passed on two grounds: first, that the object was
a charitable one, and secondly, that it uas na-
; tional. To say that it was a charitable object, is
j only to say that it was an object of expenditure
I proper for the competent authority; but it no more
1 tended to show that it was a proper object of
I expenditure by the United States than is any other
! purely local object appealing to the best sympa-
I thiesof the human heart in any of the States. And
! the suggestion thataschool for the mental culture of
. the deaf and dumb in Connecticut, or Kentucky,
: is a national object, only shows how loosely this
' expression has been used when the purpose was
] to procure appropriations by Congress. It is not
| perceived how a school of this character is other-
j wise national than is any establishment of leligious
; or moral instruction. All the puisuits of indus-
try, everything which promotes the material or
intellectual well-being of the lace, eveiy ear of
corn or boll of cotton which grows, is national in
the same sense; for each one of these things goes
to swell the aggregate of national prosperity and
happiness of the United States; but it confounds
all meaning of language to say that these things
! are 44 national," as equivalent to 44 Fedeial," so as
to come within any of the classes of appropria-
tion for which Congress is authorized by the Con«-
! stitution to legislate.
' H is a marked point in the history of the Consti-
tution, that whtn it was proposed to empower
' Congress to establish a university, the proposi-
1 tion was confined to the District intended for the
i future seat of Government of the United States,
! and that even that proposed clause was omitted in
| consideration of the exclusive powers conferred
I on Congress to legislate for that District. Could
1 a more decisive indication of the true construction
j and the spirit of the Constitution in regard to all
