1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
gentleman from Virginia will allow me to submit
the motion at this moment.
[Cries of " No!"" Wo!"]
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield ?
REPEAL OP THE MINNESOTA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. 1 gave noiice some two or three days ago
that I should offer a bill, at the first convenient
opportunity, to repeal an act to aid the Territory
of Minnesota in the construction of a railroad. I
take this opportunity to offer that bill; and if it is
objected to, I shall move to suspend the rules to
enable me to introduce it.
Several Members objected.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Virginia whether he is willing to
have the bill referred to the select committee which
was appointed a day or two since?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not see that there is
any necessity for its going there.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 now ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his motion at this time, and
allow me to submit a motion that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I make the request for
this reason: if the question which the gentleman
from Virginia brings forward at this time shall be
taken up, I fear that its discussion will consume
a good part of the day; and in such case the Navy
bill will go over until another day.
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot withdraw it.
# Mr. PENNINGTON. I rise to a point of
order. It is this: the gentleman from Virginia,
leaving the floor for a specific purpose, has no
right to occupy the floor for the purpose of sub-
mitting a motion to suspend the rules for another
purpose. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia !
had the floor regularly, and he chose to abandon j
his first purpose, and submit a motion which any j
other gentleman could have done, having obtained j
the floor regularly and in order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. But he has yielded the
floor for another purpose.
The SPEAKER. He has not yet yielded the
floor at all.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Will the gentleman be
entitled to the floor after this matter is disposed
of f
The SPEAKER. He will not. He will have
no more right to it than any other member, be-
cause he has abandoned it.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order,'as
to the order of business. The same morning
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Jones]
submitted a motion to discharge the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial, by the unani-
mous consent of the House after that motion was
submitted, the post route bill was introduced, and
it seems to me, under the decision of the Chair,
made last session, it takes precedence of all other
matters.
Mr. TWEED. I object to the consideration of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recollect
the history of the matter; but if that given by the
gentleman from Ohio be correct, the post route
bill is first in order.
Mr. OLDS. 1 am willing, however, that it
should go over until to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. It may go over by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill must be taken
up and read. The Chair is, however, informed
that the bill is in the hands of the printers, or the
engrossing clerks, and not in the House. It will
be for the House to say what they will do under
the circumstances.
Mr. OLDS. I move that the further consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until to-morrow
morning.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now call up my motion to
suspend the rules, to introduce the bill I haye in-
dicated.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
An act to repeal " An act to aid the Territory of
Minnesota in the construction of a railroad there-
in."
The bill was then read in externa.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's motion; and there were—yeas 100, nays 60;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, A ppleton, Ashe, Barkedale, Ben
nett, IJonson, Boeock, Bridges, Bugg, Carpenter, Caskie,
Chastain, Churchwell, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Crocker,
Curtis, Dawson? Dick, Dickinson. Dowdeil, Dunbar, JCd-
mands, Edmundson, Thomas D.'Eliot, John M. Elliott,
Ewing, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gid-
dirig^, Goode, (Jhodrich, Glow, Aaron Ilarlan, Harrison,
Haven, Hibbard, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Kitiredge,
Knox. Kurtz, Lamb,Letcher,Lilly, McCulloch, MeMulhn,
McNair, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice, Millson. Morgan,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Bishop iVikius,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Putyear,
Ree?-e, David Ritchie, Rog< r^, llufiin, KussrJt, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Skelton, William Smith, George W.
Smyth, Sutlers, Strarton, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G.
Taylor,Trout, Vail, Variant, Wade, Walley, Walsh, 'Pap-
pan Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and
IIendi io 1c B. Wright—100.
NAYS—.Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barry, Bliss, Breckinridge, Campbell, Caruthur?-,
Chandler, CUrlc, Clingman, Cohh, Cook, Corwin, John G.
Davis, Thomas Davis, Disney, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton,
English, I-'ailey, Green, Greenwood, Andrew J l-Jarlan,
Sampson W. Harris Wiley P. Ilnrti*, Hendricks, flenn,
Houston, Hughes, Johnson, Lindslcy, Macy, 3VIa\w< 11,
Mayall, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Noble, Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Packer, Pennington, Pringle, Rob
bm<, Sahin, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Frederick P Sum-
toil, Hector L. Stevens. David Smait, John L. Taylor,
Tweed, Ellibu JB. Washburne, Wells, John Wentworth,
and Vales—CO, *
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, i now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view of taking up the Navy appro-
priation bill.
Ttoe motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the.Union, (Mr. Fuller
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill of the House (No. 97) " making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
the30th June, 1855."
Mr. PHELPS. I have an amendment which
I am instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to offer.
It is as follows:
For construction, extension, and completion of the fol-
lowing objects-, and for contingent expenses at the several
navy-yards:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.—For quay wall connect-
ing; dock basin ; completing entrine-hoine and machinery ;
tools !oi machinists and smiths ; launchery and hauling up
ways ; cisterns tor officers'quarter ; extending ship-house
No. 'I; extension of s-hip-hou.se and launchery, and repairs
of all kinds, 463,550.
Mr. Chairman, I desire the ear of the commit-
tee for one moment, in winch I shall briefly ex-
plain the amendments I have been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer. I
remarked yesterday that the Committee of Ways
and Xdeans delayed reporting the appropriations
for the improvement of the navy-yards in the
Navy appropriation bill, in order that the esti-
mates mi^ht be submitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The amendment has been adopted
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and also
rmeets with the concurrence of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The appropriation proposed is a
reduction on the estimates which have been sub-
mitted to us.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move the following
amendment:
Insert the following;
Boston, Massachusetts.—For machine shop, smithery,
fnundety, and forge shop, boiler-house and chimney ; new
steam engine for dry-dock; extension ot ship-house and
slip, and r^jairs of all kinds, $166,750.
Mr. Chairman, the estimates submitted by the
Department amounted to $265,000  Some of the
expenses at these navy-yards,and particularly the
on« at Boston, are rendered necessary in conse-
quence -of the construction of the new steam frig-
ates proyioLeti for during this session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Missouri a question, and the answer will
probably recommend all the amendments he has
to offer in regard to these navy-yards to the favor-
able consideration of the committee without any
further explanation. Are not the amendments
"which the gentfeman is now offering in relation to
the navy-yards such as have been approved of,
not only by the Committee of Ways and Means,
but by the Committee on Naval Affairs ?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have already stated that
fact. They are all recommended by both com-
mittees.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the following
amendments presented by Mr. Phelps, by in-
struction of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and they were severally adopted:
New York.—Towards foundery'and boiler-shop; com-
pleting steam saw-null; continuation of quay wall; dredg-
ing channels ; lightning conductors; vvatei pipe?; iron rail-
ing on wall along Navy street; extenMOu of ship-house and
slip; saw mill machinery; launchiugshp; balance duo city
of Biooklyti for hen on amount of a&sesMnents and repairs
of all kinds, $171,615 : Provided, That so much of the first
section of the act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 3(Jth of June, 1854, approved 3d
of March, 1853, as empowers and directs the Secretary of
the Navy to j«el! and convey to any purchaser all that part
of the navy-yard which lies in Brook I vn, between the west
side of Vanderbilt avenue and the hospital grounds, con-
taining about twenty-six and a half acres, including Van-
derbiH and Clinton avenue, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.—For furnace for heating
mast-hoops; s-tcam stove for boat shed ; raising old steam
box house ; completing wharf No. 4 ; raising engine house;
extension of ship-house and slip; and repairs of all kinds,
$37,726.
IVuthmgton, District of Columbia,—For completion of
saw-mill ; completion of ordnance building ; completion of
mai me railway ; extending boiler-shop ; convertmgold ord-
nance shop into machine shop; quay wall; removing
shears; extension ot ship house and slip ; filling in around
foundcry and laboratory; dredging channel; machinery;
steam hammer and slanting machine, and repairs of all
kinds, .5 J-2d,0t>7.
Norjolkj Virginia.—For briek saw sheds ; completing
storehouse No 14 ; shed and rnachineiy tor saw mill; set-
ting up engine boilers and machinery; reservoir; com-
mencing foundery and machinery for the s.une ; extension
ot ship-hmise and slip, and repairs of all kinds, $152,281.
Pemacolay Florida.—F01 continuation of permanent
wharf; continuation of deep basui j raising walls of dock
bat-in; engine and blast pipes; for smiths'and machine
shops, and repairs of all kinds, $143,500.
Memphis, Tennessee.—For excavation and embankment,
smiths' shop ; storehouse, and repairs of all kinds, $13,400.
Sachett's Harbor, New Yoik.—For raising end ot j>hip-
house; building pier; leveling, giading^jnd repairs of all
kinds, $4,500. fP
Sun Ftanciscoi California.—For blacksmiths' shop ; car
j penters5 shop ; storehouse, and wharf, .*$300,000.
I Mr. PHELPS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
j mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
! amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
! For the reappropriation of the following sum carried to
I the surplus fund under the piovi-ions of the tenth section
| of the act entitled u An act making appropriations for the
j civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government tor the
year endtng the. 30th of June, 1853, and for oihpr purposes,"
approved the 31 ^t August, 1850, to he applied to the payment
ot all the expenses incurred prior to the tirst day ot July,
185-i, for carrying into effect the provisions of the act pro-
viding for the prosecution of the war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, $27,156 50.
I merely desire to state that this amendment
provides for the reappropriation of the fund which
has been carried to thesurplus fund. There were
j some incidental expenses incurred in carrying into
,i efFect the provisions of the act providing for the
l prosecution of the war, and which have not been
provided for; and, in consequence of the unex-
pended balance having been carried to the surplus
fund, there is no money to pay them. The ap-
j propriatton is recommended by the Secretary of
: the Navy and by the Secretary of the Treasury. I
| therefore offer the amendment, and hope the com-
j mittee will adopt it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For establishing a navy-yard and depot at Brunswick,
Georgia, $50,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Georgia is not for the purpose of carrying on any
work authorized by an existing law. There is no
navy-yard or depot now at the point designated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the 81st rule, such an amendment
would not be in order. The Cierk will read that
rule.
