1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
of the Government. Instead of being without
money, and being compelled, in good faith, to
keep the mortgaged property until you discharge
the obligations which are resting upon it, you have
more money than will satisfy all the demands
against you.
1 cannot conceive that the bill is in violation of
the public faith, because in disposing of the lands
as the bill proposes, you are not putting your-
selves in a condition to avoid, or even to render
dubious, the payment of your public debt. But,
sir, when Congress passed a bill granting millions
upon millions of acres of the public lands to your
soldiers, the public domain was then under mort-
gage. The same sort of obligation rested upon it
then as now. The same thing occurred when you
passed the swamp land act. When you granted
millions upon millions of acres of land for railroad
purposes, you granted land which was underthis
same mortgage. It is true, an argument is made
to prove that if you grant one section for a rail-
road, the next is doubled in value,and so nothing
is given; but suppose the mortgagee does notthink
so; and suppose it does not turn out so; is the
public faith violated? The President introduces
the prudent proprietorship argument, to justify
grants to railroads. It is one which we have fre-
quently heard, and it always strikes me with great
force.
But if Congress, as a prudent proprietor, may
grant land for one purpose, saying ''this is as I
would dispose of it," where does the President
get authority to say to that proprietor, "you shall
not grant it for another purpose, because that pur-
pose does not strike me as being proper." if a
prudent proprietor may give land for school pur-
poses, for railroad purposes, for internal improve-
ment purposes, and for various other purposes, as
you have done time and time again; and if the
same proprietor concludes that he may give a little
for the protection and benefit of the indigent in-
sane, who shall dispute his right to do so, or
restrain him in the exercise of his judgment? The
people are the owners of the soil, and, 1 think, if
their Representatives say, in their name, thai this
is a just and proper disposal of the land, they
ought to be allowed to appropriate it in this way.
That is my judgment.
One of the grounds on which the President jus-
tifies our giving away the swamp lands is, that, by
so doing, we protected (he public health, lie in-
timates that the lands wete subject to oveillow,
and produced miasma and malana, and were ex-
ceedingly detiimental to the public health. To get
clear of this nuisance, it was a prudentdisposiuon
to give the lands to the States, that the States
might drain them, and thus secure the public
health. This is the argument as I understand it.
Where, sir, do we get, power to protect the public
health? Is that in the Constitution 5 If we pro-
tect the public health in a State, and do it constitu-
tionally, 1 pray you, have we not the right to pro-
tect the indigent insane m a State, under thesnme
clause in the Constitution ? If Conjrress may do
anything towards piotecting the public health in
the State of Arkansas, or Mississippi, why, by
the same authority, may it not protect the indigent
insane in Delaware, or Pennsylvania ? I confess
myself wholly unable to see how it ran exercise
the one power, and yet be constitutionally denied
the right to exercise the other. 1 should never
have thought, myself, of such an aigurnent; but
the President seems to rely upon it; and, therefore,
I take it for granted there must be something in
it more than I have &een.
I should not have said a word on the message
at this time, but that I wanted the country to un-
derstand when they enter upon the investigation
of this subject, that after mature discussion in
this body, the bill has twice passed on the yeas
and nays by a majority of more than two to one.
I want that this point may be understood; that
calm, dispassionate men shall, when they come to
investigate the subject, take into account the fact
that while the President has felt constrained to
veto this bill on constitutional grounds, other gen-
tlemen of high legal fame have taken different
grounds; that there are arguments, in fact, on the
other side of the question. A right minded man,
a man of proper thought, ought, in justice to the
Senate and House, before he makes up his mind,
to examine and see what the arguments are that
justified the vote, and then having taken the pros
'and cons in to the account, having investigated both
sides of the question, give such judgment as he
feels he ought to render.
I voted lor this bill when it was before the
body; and upon hearing the message read my
convictions ot its constitutionality have not been at
all shaken. I will read the message, and read it
again. I have none of that sort of pride of opin-
ion, that love of consistency, which will induce
me still to stand by the bill, if, upon a careful in-
vestigation of the President's arguments, I shall be
convinced that he is right and 1 am wrong. But
I say that upon hearing the message read from
the Secretary's desk, I have not been so convinced.
Tiie inclination of my mind now is, and it is
strongly so, that I shall record my vote as I did
before.
1 trust, sir, that no one will suppose that in
submitting these remarks, and in taking this po-
sition, 1 am becoming in any degree the antago-
nist of the President. He has his constitutional
opinions about this question; I have mine. He
acts upon his convictions; and I shall act on mine.
I will make no attack upon him; far, very far
from it. 1 have great personal respect for the
President; great respect for him as a politician
and as the head of the great party to which i be-
long; and I am sure he will not take it amiss if I
say that 1 have yet a much higher respect for the
distinguished office to which he has been elevated
by the American people. These considerations, 1
if nothing else, would restrain me from saying !
anything in the slightest possible degree unkind '
in regai d to him, or of the pa per which he has !
pent to us. JJut, sir, if all these considerations j
were oul of the way, my own self respect would I
always induce me to speak of the President of the ]
Un ted States, and of any paper which he may :
send to either House of Congress with becoming
respect and consideration.
Mr. FOOT made some remarks in reply to the
arguments of the message. They are reserved for
revision, and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, j understand
that the Senator from Vermont proposes to post-
pone the consideration of this subject until Mon-
day next.
Mr. FOOT. Immediately after the question
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
print ten thousand extra copies shail be disposed
of, I will submit that motion; his, I believe, is a
piecedent motion.
Mr. 1IUNTFR. Of course; therefore the pres-
ent is not an occasion to enter upon the merits of
the hill. When the day comes for the considera-
tion of the question, the friends of the Adnnnis-
tiation, I think, sir, will be able, and they will,
at least, be willing, to meet the gentleman upon
issue which lie tenders them, arid if they shall not
be able to vindicate the message, the fault will
not, be that of the President, or of the message,
but of themselves.
Mr. President, I cannot permit the present oc-
casion to pass away, without expressing my
profound gratification at the course which the
President of the United States has pursued in
regard to this bill. In my opinion, the thanks of
the people are due to him for arresting a measure
which, as I am happy to believe,has few parallels
in the past history of our legislation, and for in-
terposing himself between the Constitution of the
country and a blow, the mischievous effects of
which it would have been difficult to over-esti-
mate, or even to measure. Sir, the man who saves
and preserves the barrier which the Constitution
has imposed between the jurisdiction of the Gen*
era! and the State Governments, renders a service
which entitles him to the grateful appreciation of
the American people, for he makes good the only
conditions upon which the expenment of free
government, which we are now trying, can lesult
happily and successfully. Sir, it may be that it
is an ideal barrier, an abstraction, if you will; but
I venture to say, that behind its boundaries he,
covered and protected, more of human happiness
and human prosperity than ever were defended by
ramparts of brick and stone. And, >ir, he who
succeeds in successfully defending and protecting
these, the moral defenses of a country, is entitled
more to the thanks of the people than the mere
man of war who holds and maintains its military
lines.
It is, in my opinion, the danger of the times,
that in our eager pursuit after wealth and all those
material objects in which we take so keen an in-
terest, we are prone to forget the moral bases upon
which rest our happiness and our security. I must
be permitted to say, that m the whole course of
my experience m legislative life, I think I have
never known a period in which less regard was
paid to the limitations imposed by the Constitu-
tion upon the powers of this Government. Nor
need I go further for an illustration of that propo-
sition than to the very bill which is now under
consideration—a bill which proposes to make the
States the agents of the General Government;
which assumes to say upon what conditions they
shall execute their own local and municipal pow-
ers, and those conditions to be prescribed by this*.
Federal Government—a bill which is founded, if
upon any principle at all, upon the assumption-
that the right to dispose of the public lands is an-
unlimited power vested in this Government, or
thytit is limited only by the positive prohibition®
of the Constitution. So far as the public lands are
concerned, this Government is supreme, and so-
far as they can afford the means, it may assume
and exercise any power winch is not positively
prohibited by the Constitution.
But, as I said before, it i3 not my purpose at
present to enter at large upon the consideration of
the merits of this measure. 1 may do so at another
time, when the whole question is fairly before us-
1 have felt, however, that it was due to the Presi-
dent to make my public acknowledgment to hin>
for the manful discharge of his duty upon this
occasion. I rejoice that we have an issue made
upon principle, and that something has been done
to awaken the American people to the considera-
tion of the nature of the title and tenure by which;
they may expect to secure and perpetuate the
happiness and the prosperity which they are now
enjoying, i am glad that it is an issue of princi-
ple, a gieat moral and political issue, upon which
the Piesideot and most, if not all, of his friends
tuny be willing and ready to stake themselves
before the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I do not pur-
pose to enter into a discivssion of this question*
until the Senate has at least signified its wish to*
take it up for consideration; but i desire to ex-
press my full and hearty concurrence in the mes-
sage upon your table. It offers a prospect of
hereafter administering this great national fund
upon some sound constitutional principle. There
seem to be two leading ideas in the message.
The first is, that the public lands and their pro-
ceeds are subject to the same constitutional re-
straints in their appropriation by Congress as is
any other fund or money in the Treasury of the
United States. That I believe to be a sound prin-
ciple. The second idea is, that in the administra-
tion of the land itself, we should be governed by
the same rules by which a liberal and enlightened
proprietor would be governed in the management
of his estate for his own interest.
By observing these two sound principles which
are enforced by the President, we shall settle this
question upon a solid and proper foundation. I
apprehend that many of the cases which the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] has cited as au-
thorities, in contravention of the principles of the
| message, will be found to be in conformity to the
: one or the other of these two sound principles;
! and if not, if they fall without them, the burden
! will be upon the Senator himself—and a weighty
' and a heavy one it is—to show that they come
! within the Constitution of the United States. It
is true there may be much excuse found in the
. loose,—the squandering 1 may term if in no offen-
i sive sense,—use of this branch of the public prop-
■ erty of the United States. There may be even
i some excuse found for this bill, and for its being
i passed with full consideration, when it is remem-
bered that we have departed, especially within the
last six or eight years, from ail sound principles
, in the administration of this fund. Very many
i of the cases which the Senater from Vermont has
cited were violations and departures from princi-
i pie which ought to be equally subject to con-
1 demnation with the bill, which has brought upon
! itself the condemnation of the President of the
i United States.
| I am surprised at the Senator's apparent cen-
; sure of the President of the United States, for
: sending in his veto under the circumstances,
i Whether the gentleman may consider that power
to be wisely reposed in the President or not, it is
! given by the Constitution in as full, ample, and
