1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
192&
The 81strule was read, as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general appro-
priation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto, for
any expenditure not previously authorized by law, uulessin
continuation of appropriations for such public works and
objects as are already in progress, and lor the contingencies
for carrying on the several departments of the Government.'*
Mr. SEWARD. Well, my amendment comes
within the provisions of the last clause of that
rule. It is tor a contingency for carrying on one
of the departments of the Government.
The CfrlAIRMAN. Has there been an appro-
priation made for it by law ?
Mr. SEWARD. Not at all; nor is it neces-
sary under the last clause of the rule just read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair construes the
rule differently.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
chair was sustained.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move the following; amend-
ment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever any seaman on
board of a vessel ofwai m service ^hall violate the laws or
the rules and regulations tor the better government ot the
Navy, ho shall be liable to forfi it such portion of Ins pay as
shall be adjudged proper hv a commission compo-ed of the
officer in command, and the two officer* next in rank; and
all pay thus! forfeited on board of any ship, shall constitute
a merit fund, to be distribute at the consummation of the
cruise by the commission afore.-aid, among the crew who
have been faithful in the discharge of their duty, a record
of winch proceedings shall be kept and returned to the
Navy Depirtment.
Mr. SEWARD? I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is not in order under the same
rule by which my amendment was declared out of
order.
Mr. BOCOCK. The amendment does not pro-
pose to appropriate money, but only specifies how
the money appropriated in the bill shall be dis-
bursed. It is as much in order as was the amend-
ment to cut off the spirit rations, for that only
determined how the money previously appropri-
ated should be disposed of. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, reluctantly, ;
sustains thequestion of order, and rules theamend-
ment out of order upon theground that an amend-
ment for the government, regulation, and discip-
line of the Navy is not germane to a bill making
appropriations for the support of the Navy. |
Mr. BOCOCK. What is the difference between ,
the amendment, in principle, and that offered by !
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith ?]
Mr, SOLLERS. I hold in my hand an amend- !
ment which I shall offer as an additional section ;
to the bill. I should not offer it, as there are some
doubts about its being; in order, but for the fact !
that when the House, as they will recollect, were
engaged upon the Army appropriation bill, a pro- j
vision of exactly the same sort, and embracing !
the same principle, as that which I hold in my 1
hand, was offered by the gentleman from Ken- !
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] and it was ruled by the !
House to be in order. I refer to the amendment !
offered to the Army bill, to change the supenn- i
tendency of the armories at Springfield and liar- 1
per's Ferry from a military to a civil one. But i
for that decision I should not offer the amend-
ment now. j
The amendment«was read, as follows! '
.find he it further enacted. That the Secretary of the Navy
shall cause 10 he enlisted in the Navy of the United States
as seamen, no one who is not a native-born American '
citizen, and tiie commissioned and non-commissioned ofii-
cers of the Navy shall hereafter be native-born American ii
citizens, and that before either officers or seamen shall he J
permuted to serve m the Navy, competent pioof fhall he 'j
adduced by them that they are native-born Americans.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question nf order. !j
The amendment of the gentleman from Maryland '!
is not in order, because it is an attempt to regulate :j
and govern the Navy, while this is a bill only to j
appropriate money for its support. \\
Mr. SOLLERS.' I havp pointed out the prece- ■!
dent upon which I have offered the amendment. ![
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the [\
point of order well taken, and rules the amend- "\
ment out of order. :i
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I have another thing to ,j
say, and that is, I give notice now that when the
bills come up for the reorganization of the Navy , i
and Army, I shall steadily and uniformly adhere ,■
to the principle contained in that amendment, and
I shall offer it as a§ amendment to those bills, so 1!
that no one not a native American citizen, shall ,j
hereafter serve either as officer, seaman, orsoldier
ih either of these branches of the public service.
Mr. PHELPS, i now move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to,
Thecospmitteeaccordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generaliy under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill (No. 97)
making appropriations for the support of the
Navy,and had directed him to report the same to
the House, with sundry amendments thereto.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous question
upon the engrossment of the amendments.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until the second
Tuesday in December next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
for the reason that the previous question is de-
manded.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the rule only
to apply where the previous question has been i
ordered by the House. In the present case the ;
previous question has only been demanded; and, i
therefore, I submit that the motion is m order. j
The SPEAKER, The rule is very clear upon !
that point. No motion to amend or to postpone !
can be made after the previous question has .
been demoded, until the House has determined j
whether the mam question shall be ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Arid I would sub- :
mit, further, that if the motion had been,already
made, the ordering of the mam question would cut
it off.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SEWARD. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The main question
having been ordered to be now put, no motion is in ;
order except, to adjourn, and to lay the bill on the i
table. The House must be brought to a direct vote j
| first upon the pending amendments to the bill, and !
! ihenupon the bill itself. If the motion to postpone j
; had been made in order, it would be cut off by the i
, ordering of the main question.
| Mr. SEWARD, i move then that the bill do j
i lie upon the table. ,
! The motion was not agreed to. !
; . ° i
j By unanimous consent, the amendments reported
| from the Committee of the Whole on the state of J
the Union weie then read over, and the question
being taken in gross, upon such as a separate vote
was not demanded on, they were agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were agreed to, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon th$ table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
The first amendment (on which a separate vote j
had been demanded by Mr. Sewuid) was to strike I
out, after the word (i Navy," in the following ,
clause: i
"For pay of eoimnis?ion, warrant, and petty officers, j
and 'e,um>n, including the engineer corps of the navy, I
$2,992.6-18," j
—the words <( two million nine hundred and
ninety-two," and insert in lieu thereof, " three
million three hundied and sixty-seven."
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment (upon which a separate !
vote had been demanded by Mr. Seward) was to :
add at the end of the following clause:
•• For provisions fo< commission, warrant, and petty ,
officers, and seamen, including engmeeis and manner at- i
tached to vessels lor sea service, $'586,200," ;
—this proviso: i
But no intoxicating liquors shall he provided for a bev- j
erage, and no officer shall be allowed to use intoxicating 1
liquor* except for medicine. 19 ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays (55; as follows:
- y HAS—M-^-rs Aiken, Willi Allen, Appleton, Bali,
Bennett, Benson, Bioofcs, Campbell, Carpenter, Chimber-
lain, Clark, Cook, Corvvm, Cioeker, Cuitis, Thomas
Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edger-
ton, Edmands, Thomas D. Ehof, Ellison, Everhart, Fon-
ton, Florence, Guldmgs, Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron
Harlan, Harrison, Hendtick^, Henri, H letter, Howe, Hughes,
Johnson, Darnel T.Jones, Kiltrerlge, Knox, McCulloch,
Macy, Matteson, Maunce, Maya!I, Morgan, Murray, Nor-
ton, Andrew Ola^r, Parker, Peck, Peekham, Pennington,
er, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William
R. Smith, Hollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Thurston, Trout, Uphani,
Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welte, John VVentworth, Tappan Wenuvorth, VSjheeier,
and Yates—84.
NAYS—Messis. Abercrombie, David J. Bailey, Barks-
dale, Benton, Bocock, Koyce, Bugg, Caruther«*, Caskte,
t-hastam, Chnsman, Cliugnian, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox,
•Crai^e, Dowdell, Dunbar, Kdinund^n, John AT. J3(!u)t!,
Ewmg, Farley, Fiankhn, Sampson W. Harris*. Wikv P.
Harris, Hibbard, Hill, Hunt, George W. Jones, Roland
Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kurix, Lamb. Letcher, MuDougall,
McMulhn, McNair, Mdiueen, Smith Miller,
Millsou, Morrison, Noble, Orr, Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Preston, Rnbbms, Ruffin, Seward, {shannon, George W.
Sm.v ih, HesiorL. Stevens, David Stuait, John L.Taylor.
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, WaWi, Westbiook.
Witte, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—65.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tenn essee, I think it
likely that the amendment, as it now stands, may
be a little doubtful, i hope, by unanimous con-
sent, that it may be amended so as to confine its
operation on board of the national vessels.
Mr. S fUART, of Michigan, i object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Better, by unan-
imous consent, strike it all oat.
Mr. GIDD1NG-S moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to, and to
lay the motion (o reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BOCOCK demanded the yeas and nays,
M r. OLJNGMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Yail and
Florence were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
repotted—ayes thirty-nine.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I would inquire whether that
amendment precludes an officer from drinking on
board of a vessel, or any where else ?
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken,Willi* Allen, Appleton, Ball, Bel-
cher, Bennett, Benson, Campbell, Onrpewei. Chambei lain,
Cook, Coiwm, Crocker, Gulloin, Curtis., Thomas Davis,
Dick, Diekmbou, Dunham, Eastman, Eddv, Edniands,
Thoina* D. Eliot, Everhart, Fenton, FJagiet, Florence, Gid-
diugs,Goodrich,Green wood, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. liar*
Jan. flairison. Hendricks, Hemi, Iliester, Johnson, Daniel
T .lone*, Kittiedge, Knox. McCulloch, Macy, Mammon,
Maniiee, Mayall, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oi-
ivei, Parker, Peck, IVekbam, Pratt, Prinele, Russell,
Hahin, Happ, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Ger-
rit Smith, William R Smith, Soller^, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Stratum, Andrew Stuart, Thurs-
ton, Trom, IJphain, Wade, Walley, Kiaei Washburn,
Well-!, John Wuntworih, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
and Vaiev—*y.
N VYS— Me^rs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Bark'dale, Benton, Bocock, Bovce,
dges, BiooksJ. Bu«g, Caruiher-J, Ca^kie, Chaplain, Cos
B
man, Clark, Clingnian, Cobb. Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Daw-
son, Uisney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Edgertnn, Edmundson,
John M. Elliott, Bwhik, Failey, Faulkner, Fianklm, Ful-
ler. Gieen, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P Harris, Hibbard,
Hill, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, George VV. Jones, Roland
Jonev, Keitt, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher,MeMulhn, Mc-
Nair,McQueen, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Million, Morrison,
Nieholi?, Noble, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington, John
Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Preston, Ree^e, David Ritchie,
11'>bbnj*>, Rnllin, Seward, ^haw, William Smith, David
Stuart, John Ij. Taylor, N.,thanif>l G Taylor, Tweed,
Vail, Walsh, Westbiook, Wute, Darnel B. Wn ht, and
Hendnck B. Wnght~- l.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question then recurred upon reconsidering
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The y^as and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 7G; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—iMessr« Abereromhie, Iruitfs C. Alien, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly. Barksdale, Bennett,
Bocock, Boyec, Budget Bngg. Caiuthers, Caskie, Clias-
tain,C:iark, Ohngman, Cobii, Colquitt, Dawson. Diney,
Dowdell, Dunbar, Edgerton, Kdmundson, John M Elliott,
Ewing, Farley, Faulkner, Franklin, Fuller, Goode, Gieen,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harin, Hibbiid, Hunt,
Ing'-i-soll, Geoige VV. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr,
Kurtz, Lamb, Latham. Letcher, Lindiev, Maodonaid, Mc-
Mullin, McNair, McQueen, Maxwell. Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Nichols*, Noble. Mord<-iau (>h\e , Oir, Petimngioii,
John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Preston, Reese, Robbms,
Ruflin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, George W. Smvth,
Straub, David Stuart, John L. Ta\lor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Tweed, Vail, Van*ant, Walbndge, Wal«h, Westbrook,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zolli-
COlfei—S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Rail, Banks, Belcher,
Benson, Benton, Brooks, Caipeuter, Cbauiberlain, (N< ok,
Cnrwin, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis. Thomas Davi^, Dick,
Pratt, Pnngie, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, Sapp, SUow- Ii Dickinson, UunhaiH, Eastman, Kildy, Etiraand-i, 'J'lio.nas'
