356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
and constructing a railroad from Algiers, on the
Mississippi river, to the Sabine river in said State.
It hu  been reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands with an amendment.
Mr. STUART. That is not the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. The bill that I moved to take
up is No. 87.
Mr. STUART. The bill referred to by the
Senator from Louisiana is a bill introduced by me
granting lands to the State of Michigan.
Mr. RUSK. I would ask the Senator if the
road is in a state of construction?
Mr. STUART. One road provided for in the
bill is; the other is not.
Mr. RUSK. There are two roads. My ob-
ject in asking the question was this: I am anxious
to vote for this bill; but where a road is begun in
good faith, J want it encouraged, not delayed by
legislation. There are two roads, to my certain
knowledge, in operation, going through the pub-
lic lands, which have been applying heiefor aid
for three or four years. I have no interest in this
matter, because the United States own no lands in
my State. But for three or four years those
roads have been asking Congress to make the
usual grants of land to aid them, and have not yet
succeeded. I do not exactly understand how the
orders stand, but-here these are to be delayed and
a bill taken up to provide for a road which is not
begun, about which we do not know anything—
an imaginary road, so far as I am concerned. I
do not like to abandon these roads which are ac-
tually in a state of progress, and which would be
aided very much by a grant of the public lands,
which are not at all valuable to the United States.
Mr. CASS. I have sat here and voted for
every bill of this description, believing it best for
the public interest connected with the lands.
There are two or three or four States of this Union
that have never had one acr^ of land granted to
them. The State of Michigan has never had one
acre, f think the State of Wisconsin has never
had any; and I do not know whether the State of
Iowa has had any to this day.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Never.
Mr. CASS. W e have seen bill after bill passed;
and session after session these three States have
not been able, from one cause or another, to get
their bills through the other House in time. And
now the honorable Senator from Texas objects to
the road not being begun. Why is it not begun 11
Because we have never had a bill passed.
Mr. RUSK. TheSenatorwill allow me to ex-
plain. I do not object to that.
Mr. CASS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. RUSK. I am objecting to the abandoning
of roads which have been begun—of withdrawing
from them the grant of lands, and giving the pref-
erence to other bills where the roads have not yet
been begun.
Mr. CASS. I thought the Senator objected to
this bill.
Mr. RUSK. Not at all.
| Mr. ADAMS. 1 move to dispense with the
reading of the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Secretary informs me,
and I will now inform ihe honorable Senator from
Michigan, that this bill is already passed. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDENT. There is too much con-
fusion in the Chamber to enable the Senate to pro-
ceed with business. Senators will please to come
to order.
Mr. STUART. I can assure the Senator that
the bill has not passed.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say, that if the bill has
passed, it is a good lesson to us all; there is not a
member of the Senate who understands what is
now going on in the Senate, the confusion is so \
great. \
Mr. BADGER. I should like to know whether {
the bill has passed or not.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed by
the Secretary that it has passed.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move, then, to proceed to
the consideration of bill No. 7, in the order of
business No. 88.
Mr. BADGER. For fear of any mistake, I
desire to ask if the bill which it is now proposed i
to take up has been passed ? [Laughter.] |
fMr. Sijdell's motion was agreed to.and^the
bill granting to the State of Louisiana the light of
way and a donation of public land for the purpose
of locating and constructing a railroad from Al-
giers, on the Mississippi river, to the Sabine river
in the said State, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The bill had been reported from
the Committee on Public Lands with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will suggest that, inasmuch
as this bill is identical in its features with that
which we have just passed, and several other bills
which have heretofore passed, with the exception
solely of the terminal points of the roads, the
reading of the bill may be dispensed with.
By unanimous consent the reading of the bill
was dispensed with.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to make an inquiry
of my friend from Louisiana, for information. I
see the land is all going. 1 would like to know
what is the length of this railroad?
Mr. SLIDELL. The road commences at Al-
giers, a point on the Mississippi immediately op-
posite the city of New Orleans, and extends to the
Sabine. Its total length is something over 300
i miles; but for 180 miles of the road I think there
, are no public lands to which the provisions of this
| bill will apply at all. All the lands from Algiers
. to Washington, 180 miles of the road, are either
| now cultivated, held under title by individuals, or
have been ceded to the State as swamp lands, so
I that the provisions of this lull will not, in fact, ap-
j ply to more than 130 miles of the road ; and even
i on that portion ot the road, all the land which is
valuable is already alienated and belongs to indi-
viduals, or is pine lands, and of but very little
value indeed.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator in the midst of his statement, but 1 desire
to say that bill No. 84 is not passed. Bill 87,
which was passed, was a bill for the relief of Jacob
Gideon.
Mr. SLIDELL. "Well, let this bill pass now.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 want to ask my friend from
Louisiana whether, when he cannot get the public
land along that one hundred and eighty miles, he
does not pioposem his bill to take it in some
other patt of the Slate ?
Mr. SLI DKLL. I understand that we can only
take this land within the range of fifieen miles on
either side.
Mr. DAWSON". Except where the lands are
already taken up. Then you can take the public
lands next nearest to it.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I ask my friend how
he is to build these one bundled and seventy uules
without any public lands?
Mr. SLIDELL. By the subscription of indi-
viduals of the State, and the State, we have al-
ready $4,000,000 subscribed for the road, and two
hundred miles under contract, which will be com-
pleted in the course of next year.
Mr. DAWSON. This road is in a better con-
dition than any other, for here is private capital
obtained for the purpose of carrying it on; and the
road thereby seems to have been surveyed, and
the points to which it is to go aie understood. I
i have less objection to this bill than to any which
j has been presented; but I do think it is surprising,
when already bills to the amount of ^350,000,000
j in the public lands are now before one blanch of
] Congress or the other, that this immense apt-ro-
! priation of the public lands—-equivalent to money
: —should be permuted to go through here without
j observation. Now, T have proposed, tune after
! time, and begged that the Committee on Public
Lands would present some scheme by which even
| Congress itself may know how the public lands
| are to go. I profess, for one, not to understand it.
1 Theie are one hundred and six lulls in the two
Houses connected with the public lands, making
1 appropriations—according to a late estimate made
by an individual—of $350,000,000 worth of public
lands. Now,is not this an extraordinary speota-
1 cle, that we pass these bills m detail in the Senate,
; when the body itself does not know when the bill
! passed, arid that a bill appropriating lands for
, three hundred miles shall be passed without ever
, being read in the body—a Senator rising in his
: place and saying it is in conformity with the prin-
ciples of the other bilk ;
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator allow me
to psk him a question ?
' Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator says there are
one hundred and six railroad bills pending in the
two Houses of Congress.
Mr. DAWSON. I understand so. So it was
stated the other day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator not know-
well that many of those bills are multiplied upon
some points, and actually some bills with very
little variations to suit the fancies of members who
introduce them ?
Mr. DAWSON. The very object I have in
view is to get at that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I wish to ask the
Senator, as he piesents it as an objection, does he
not know that it is utterly impossible that all, or
anything like all of them, can pass? and does he
not feel that upon us it beais somewhat hardly,
to send out such a censure upon legislation here?
Mr. DAWSON. I will say to my friend that
those are not questions, they are arguments. I
say this, and I wish the Senate and the country
to understand it, that this kind of legislation is
inconsistent with the rights of the various States
of this Union. It is in violation of the great
principles of equality which the sovereignty of
each State is entitled to have respected, it is
taking the public lands and applying them for
mere local purposes, without dividing in accord-
ance with the principles of justice and equality.
What 1 wish of the Senate and of the Committee
on Public Lands is, that there shoufd be presented
to the body, by the committee, the propositions
which are made for the disposition of the public
lands.
My friend says that some of these bills may
refer to the same track of railroads. That may
be; and how are we to ascertain it, unless the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom all these bills
are referred, shall present to us the facts, that we
may act understandingly ? It is very easy to ap-
propriate the whole of the public lands in this
way. I do not censure the Representatives of the
new States for it, if the Representatives of the old
|! States are prepared to yield m this way, and sit
jj quietly down and see it done. But I want to
]i know what answer the Representatives of the old
i States can give to theirconstituents when they say
| to them, did not my money and my blood go for
I the acquisition of these public lands, as well as
j the new States ? They reply "Yes." Then the
I question will be propounded, why did you sit
; quietly by and see those lands, which we have
I aided in purchasing in this way, thus distributed,
I while we gain no advantage from it?
i Understand me, sir; I have no objection, par-
| ticularly, to the bill of my friend from Louisiana.
I I believe it presents the best features of any bill
I that has yet been offered; but, at the same time, I
| submit to you, and to the Senate and the coun-
try, through you, Mr. President, if there ought
II not to be some equal and just distribution made
j of these lands? What justification can I give to
jj the people, whom I, in part, represent, for stand-
|j tng by and thus seeing, if not $350,000,000 worth
h of land, at least £100,000,000 thus appropriated?
•i Nobody can deny that there will be so many
acres taken for the various milroads which ai e
projected. If this were an appropriation of dol-
lars and cents, we would be amazed and startled
at the amount; but as it is in public lands—which
I maintain are equivalent, in principle, to money—
we stand by and sutler the thing to go on without
| observation. I repeat, the time has not come. My
| friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] notified the
j Senate that he intended to present a bill for the
| disuihution of the public lands. Upon that dis-
j tubulin, as I have said before, I am prepared to
1 do moi^f than justice to the new States; I am pre-
i pared to give them public lands, for the purpose
of carrying on some of these railroads, but 1 feel
myself under no obligation to intersect the whole
of these new States with railroads without any
knowledge where they are to run, and for what
purposes they are made. Do we not know that
Illinois had one through the whole extent of her
territory? Do we not know how these public
lands have been disposed of? Do we not know
now that they are in the hands of private compa-
nies, who will make immense fortunes by them?
1 do not blame the State of Illinois for it. She
has done what every other State would have done.
She owes much to the zeal, energy, and vigdance
of her Senators here and her Representatives in
the other House. But is that a reason why we
should stand by and suffer otheis to come in, in
the same manner? We had better at once,rather
than have this kind of legislation, surrender the
