1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
chanical labor. But all experience has shown
that a soldier may be enlisted for a sum less per
month than the ordinary and usual wages of^abor
in civil life, if not teo far below that point- This
may be accounted for by the attractions which a
soldier's life present to many persons, the absence
of domestic care, and the imposing spectacle of
military parades and evolutions, and the martial
music by which they are accompanied. Or it may
be that, in every country, there must be some oc-
cupation which is the common sewer of unem-
ployed labor, and that the Army is that occupa-
tion. Be the precise cause what it may, the fact
is as I stake; and ten dollars a month, although
below the wages of the lowest order of civil labor,
will, it is believed, with the other provisions of
the bill, be a compensatiQn sufficient to fill the
ranks of the Army.
2. Encouragement is given to reenlistment by
the additional pay of two dollars per month. The
experience of the service has abundantly shown
that this is a provision that looks both to economy
and efficiency. One experienced soldier, both in
an economical and military sense, is worth a half
a dozen raw recruits. A large proportion of de-
sertions, disabilities, and deaths occur in the
first year of their enlistment. With the expan-
sion of our territory, the cost of sending recruits
to our distant frontiers is greatly increased; and
it is estimated by the Secretary of War that the
expenses of the enlistment, transportation, sub-
sistence, loss by desertion, death, and disability,
will average ninety-one dollars for each man en-
listed under the present system. And if this be
added to the pay, clothing, medical attendance,
&c., of the recruit, from his enlistment until he
joins his company, the actual cost of each man,
from his enlistment until the penod when his ac-
tual service commences, will be$121. Thisexpense
we prepose to save, by a moderate bounty, to
ensure reenlistment, besides the advantages of an
experienced and well disciplined soldier.
3. We propose to encourage enlistment, and to
attract a better class of recruits, by opening to
meritorious non-commissioned officers the chances
of reaching the honors and prefeirnents of the
Army, in looking over the Army Register—
in the list of nine hundred and sixty-four com-
missioned officers—1 find the names of but nine-
teen who were promoted from the ranks. This
under some .special acts of Congress passed during
the war of 1812, and the late Mexican war. We
propose to make that a permanent feature in our
system, so that if there be a youth of courage and
enterprise, who lacks the necessary influence to
procure for himself a cadetship at .West Point, let
him enter the enlisted corps of your Auriy, and
by his own gallant conduct and with his own good
sword cut his way to the highest preferments of
the Army. 1 am happy to say that this feature
in the bill lias met the hearty approval of every
Army officer to whom I have mentioned it; and I
am sure it cannot fail to attract the favorable con-
sideration of this House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to propound
a question to the gentleman from Virginia, if he
will give way for a moment.
Mr. FAULKNER. Certainly.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 am very desirous, Mi.
Speaker, to vote for this bill,if 1 see ihe necessity
of doing so. And that I may know whether there
is such a necessity, 1 desire my friend from Vir
gmia, who is now the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, in the absence of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] to state what
is the aggregate force of the Army now allowed
by law? How many men aie now employed in
the Army of this country ? And what is the opin-
ion of the Committee on Military Affairs as to
whether this bill will enable us to fill up the num-
beis to the necessary amount?
Mr. FAULKNER. I will answer the gentle-
man from Ohio with pleasure. As they are now
posted, the authorized strength of the Army is
thmeen thousand eight hundred and twenty-one;
but the actual number is less by three thousand
three hundred and twenty-six, making the pres-
ent actual strength of the Army, according to the
returns last fall, something upwards of ten thou-
sand. Of this force, about eight thousand are dis-
tributed through New Mexico, California, Texas,
Washington,arid Oregon, and the routes to these
Territories, and the residue upon our Canada
line, Atlantic and Mexican coasts.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, (interrupting.) My
friend from Virginia does not apprehend my ques-
tion. I want to know how many men are now
in the field ?
Mr. FATJLKNER. I cannot give to the gen-
tleman any reliable information of later date than
the official returns of last fall. At that time, the
total pf enlisted men, as reported, was nine thous-
and two hundred and tohirty-four. Now, when he
is informed that the vacancies in our Army, from
discharges by expiration of enlistment, from dis-
ability, from death and desertion, amount annually
to about three thousand eight hundred, he can form
some idea of the wretched skeleton our Army will
soon present, if some effectual steps are not taken
to encourage enlistment. Weweretoldin Decem-
ber that we should want four thousand six hun-
dred recruits to bring our Army up to its full legal
organization; and the question is, where are they
to come from, unless your system is changed ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question. He says that to fill the ranks
of the Army requires four thousand six hundred
men. How many of those are officers? How
many commissioned officers are wanted in the
Army whose compensation you must raise in
order to secure their services ?
Mr. FAULKNER. Not one out of the four
thousand six hundred are commissioned officers
1 speak of. We want that number of enlisted men
for the Army. They are required to raise the
Army to its legal strength,and to meet the pressing
exigencies of the country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I understand the gen-
tleman correctly, it is necessary to raise the pay
of the men, in order to secure their enlistment. I
ask if it is necessary to raise the pay of the com-
missioned officers in order to secure their services'1
Mr. HUNT. 1 hope the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed in oider.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 have been listening
with great pleasure to the remarks of the gentle-
man; but 1 wanted to know the facts, and for
that purpose I interrupted him. And it was not
out of order to do so, as the gentleman yielded
me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from In-
diana well knows that the rule upon which we are
acting in regulating the pay of the officers and pri-
vates must necessarily be different. It is so in
the very nature of things. We propose to in-
crease the pay of the soldier up to that point that
will enable us to purchase his temporary service
—service which we have not now. in regulating
the pay of the officers of the Army, a distinct in-
quiry is presented, and it is what is a just and
proper compensation, according to their icspective
grades and responsibilities, of men who haveded-
lcated their lives to the service of the country? i
am well aware that there is a difference of opinion,
in this Hall and elsewhere, upon the points pre-
sented in that gentleman's interrogatory. Some
think the #icreaseof pay ought not to be extended
beyond the eniisted men; others think that cap-
tains and lieutenants should, by all means, be em-
braced in any increase of pay. But, as I have
already said, the Committee on Military Affairs,
whose organ I am, upon this occasion, think
the pay should be increased throughout every
grade of the Army,according to the plan set forth
in the bill. It will be for the House to determine
between us.
Sir, the compensation of an officer may seem,
at first view, to be a reasonable compensation to
those who are not familiar with the sacnfices and
exposures to which he is subject; but when it is
recollected that he is subject to constant changes
of residence by the order of his Government—
that many of the officers are stationed o  our
western and Pacific frontiers, where provisions
and every necessary and comfort of life brings
extravagant prices—that his pay from Govern-
ment constitutes all that he can properly or honor-
ably earn—it is only matter of surprise that men
of talent and enterprise seek or continue in the
Army. It cannot be the pay—it is the prospective
rewards of fame, and a generous ambition and
love of their profession, that can alone account
for their clinging to the service with such inade-
quate compensation as is now provided for the
junior officers of the Army.
Mr. Speaker, the last important feature of the
bill, and to which I was about adverting when
interrupted, is that which proposes to extend to
the Army the pension laws which are now in force
for the benefit of the Navy. It is difficult to see
any reason for the d incrimination which has existed
between these kindred branches of the public ser-
vice. And such a provision is now especially
needed to encourage the necessary enlistments for
that branch of the public service.
I have thus, sir, briefly explained the leading
provisions of the bill, which is all that I designed
when I rose; and i accordingly yield the floor to
some of the several gentlemen around me who\^
seem to be exceedingly anxious to assail it in part,*
if not in whole. t
Mr GROW, I have but a few words to say
upon this bill. Having voted to suspend the rules
for its introduction, I desire to make a brief ex-
planation of the reasons that controlled that vote.
The tendency in this country—and those who
have served in this House for the last few years
cannot help but notice it—is to increase the sala-
ries of all officers, military and civil. That a fair
and reasonable compensation should be paid to
the employees in every departmentof the Govern-
ment for their services there can be no objection;
but what reason can there be for increasing the
highest rate of service as at present paid, either
military or civil? Sir, in the Departments, the
heads of bureaus, and those occupying the highest
positions, receive a respectable and sufficient com-
pensation, while it may be true that of the lower
grade of service is not sufficiently paid, in consid-
eration of the expense of living here at the pres-
ent time. The clerks who received, under the
classification bill of last year, $900, worked at
their desks, many, if not all of them, more hours
per day than others who perform a less amount
of service, and receive $l,600or $1,800. But still
when it was proposed to increase the lowest rates
of pay, it was claimed that you must also increase
the highest, in order to keep up the relative grade.
I am opposed to increasing the salaries of the
higher grade, now paid to the employees of the
Government, civil or military. The pay of your
Major General is now $200 per month, besides the
pay for rations and other allowances that 1 believe
amount to about an equal sum. Now, sir, is not
$200 a month, with about an equal amount for ex-
penses, a sufficient compensation for this officer?
The exact amount for rations, forage,&c., that an
officer in*the Army receives, 1 am not sufficiently
informed on military matters to compute, but £
believe those of a Major General amount to as
much or more than *his pay proper. What pro-
priety is there in increasing his pay ? Is not $200
per month sufficient?
Mr. BRIDGES. I will inquire of my colleague
whethei the pay of a Major General does not now
amount to $4,000 per year?
Mr. GROW. As I have already stated, I am
not acquainted with the precise number of rations,
&c., allowed officers, nor the rate at which they
are reckoned. At $200 per month, this officer
receives $2,400 annually, which is about one half
of what my colleague says he really receives. If
my colleague be right, then the officers receive in
fact nearly double the pay, as stated in the Blue
Book.
Now, what propriety is there in the Govern-
ment becoming a gratuitous pensioner of men,
because they choose to serve their country in the
Army or Navy, rather than in its civil depart-
ments ? The Government should pay a fair com-
pensation for their services, and no more, even
though they are officers. Those who go forth
under their command, like them, to bare their
bosoms in defense and protection of thecountiy,
ought also to receive a fair compensation, and
no more; but it should be in some proportion to
i the pay of the officer, and at least as much as the
1 individual could command in the ordinary busi-
ness pursuits of life.
There is no doubt but that the pay of the com-
mon soldier and the lower grade of officers in the
Army ought to be increased; for in agriculture,
or any other branch of industry, where there is no
risk of life or limb, save the ordinary casualties
of life, and where, too, no skill is required, they
can command from twelve to sixteen dollars per
month. And in the service of his country the
soldier should receive as great a compensation as
his services would command in any other branch
of industry, and no more. Because for the addi-
tional risk he incurs on the battle-field, the Gov-
ernment guaranties, in case he falls in its service,
