35B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
limit beyond which the State should not go to make
up for the lands sold or otherwise appropriated.
And by whom was that fifteen miles suggested?
By the present Secretary of War. He did it
upon that Illinois bill, to which the Senator from
Georgia has referred, and in opposition to which,
as well aslo the Iowa and other bills, I have heard
him make a much better, and much longer speech,
if that were possible, than he has made to-day.
When that bill was before the Senate, and without
any limit, except the boundanes of the State,
Colonel Davis moved to restrict the privilege to
fifteen miles, taking the ground in his able argu-
ment that the construction of the road would
certainly enhance the value of the lands which
•would remain to the Government within th§ dis-
tance named. The Secretary of War, well known
in this body and over the country as a strict con-
structionist, offered the proposition to extend the
power of selection to fifteen miles in width, and
voted for the Illinois bill. And what, Mr. Pres-
ident, are the results to which the supporters of
the alternate section grants can point, so far as they
have been made? Why, sir, every anticipation,
every assertion, made by the friends of the alter-
nate section principle, when the Illinois and other
bills were under consideration, by my venerable
friend from Michigan, (Mr. Cass,] and by the
departed Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] and others, have been more than realized.
The facts and the figures present the most tri-
umphant vindication of the policy, so overwhelm-
ing, that it seems to me that neither the principle
nor the policy should be any longer contested.
Illinois received a grantof several millions of acres
of public land. But have the United States lost one
dollar, or one cent by such grant? They have
not; bat, on the contrary, the value of the reserved
lands was so much enhanced by the grant as ac-
tually to bring this Government more money than
if it had not been made.
Sir, will any Senator now rise in his place, and
condemn that grant of land to Illinois; the meas-
ure which raised her from such a prostrate condi-
tion increased the value of her bonds—those bonds
of LS.'HJ and 1837, wluch were hawked about the
markets of New York,and London, and Liver-
pool, without finding a buyer, hut which, as soon
as the annunciation was made of thegrant of land,
rose immensely in value, spreading joy and glad-
ness throughout the limits of the State? Those
lands from Cairo north for several hundred miles,
had been m market thirty or forty yeais, without
finding purchasers—unsettled, and the abode of j
Wild beasts; by the railroad grant they have been !
made to bloom and blossom almost as the rose.
That is the measure which the Senator fiom
Georgia has to-day tiuveied out, of the way to at-
tack. The Committee on Public Lands have taken
the Illinois bill for their guide in the mam, and m
no instance have they repoited bills for any one
State, as yet,giunting to such tftuteas many acies
as Illinois got. And, as 1 before remarked, they
have introduced into these bills section No. 4, un-
derstood to have originated in the House of Repre-
sentatives on the motion of a membt-r from South
Carolina, [ Mr. Oim,] and which is in these words:
"Str. 4 Jim] bo it furthn Thru the l:m<N
hereby grunted to *m<i Suite «luill ho < f l>v-;uri
t^tate onlj in manner follow m<_', Unit i-. to s,iv, tliot ;t quail
titv "I Kind not evtM-'diiv.* <>m> IhiihIi'mI .-nut twenly .-re-
lions and included vuthm a eontinunii-i length of tueniv
mil'"- ofViiuf road, may lie *uld; and when the Governor oi
'-aid ^Mte-.h,ill eeriilv to the Scerel.uv ol Uie Imenoi lli.u
twciitv eohlimjoiix mile-, of sud m.id i-, eompU'U d. then
anolhet lik*: quantity ol land heiebv granted mav h ■ -<>ld ;
and -o from time to lime, until -an) road i* .-ompleied ; and
if find ri>,u! )-. not completed willini ten vcru s no hirth^r
sale shall ho in,uie. and the l.uid* unsold reveit to the
United States."'
This section of the bill provides that the land :
shall only be sold as the road pio^resses. It is a
restriction never before ingrafted upon a Senate !
bill, and was only done to make them agree with '
Jie Mouse foi m.
The bill of my friend from Louisiana com- !
mences the road at xA.i^iers, a town near which J
there are no public lands, and proceeds a hundred ;
miles before there any; and because that and other :
points ate named m it, forsooth it is a grant to :
build a road through a leuton where there are no 1
public lands! Sir, if the Senator from Maine, and .
the Senator from Georgia, and the Senator from
South Carolina had read the bills, they would not :
have made the declarations which they have made. '
It grants no land except as the road is built, and i
not a single acre can be taken outside the fifteen
miles for the construction of the road.
What more, Mr. President? The committee
have asked and demanded of Senators who have
introduced bills here upon their responsibility, that
they should coine before the committee and chalk
out the roads in red.or other lines upon the maps
of the United States, and the draughtsman of the
committee has, in every instance, calculated as
neaily as possible the lands sold and granted
within the fifteen miles, in Older to preserve
equality between the States.
In no case, then, have we proceeded to exceed
the amount granted to Illinois, making that a
maximum by which the committee are governed
in all these cases. I, for one, disclaim the idea
that these roads are to be run upon the fancy of
any gentleman. They are run upon the map,
and are marked out before us; and if there are
objections to thecoursesand distances of the roads,
we will always be glad to have them pointed out,
either in the committee or the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to put myself entirely
right, and 1 commence by saying that 1 shall verily
by statements which 1 shall make, every prop-
osition which 1 laid down; I shall ieduce them to
such propositions that my honorable friend from
Iowa himself cannot dispute them.
1 was here when this subject was introduced
into the legislation of Congress. 1 found myself
opposed to my honored colleague, Mr. John C.
Calhoun, who, with a liberality upon this subject
which has been seized upon as authority, was
perfectly willing to dispose of the public lands in
such a way as to make them subserve as many
objects as weie practicable. Mr. Calhoun, m his
celebrated speech, was perfectly willing to tun the
road from one point to another, provided it was
done with intelligence. By intelligence, I mean
knowing where the road was to iuii. He was per-
fectly willing to have such a road in a paitieular
State for the* advantage of the public lands through
which it ran immediately. Wow, mind the quali-
fication, and my fiiend from Iowa cannot dispute
any statement which I make, lie was willing
that the road should run through the public lands,
and that immediately adjacent to, and not distant
fiom, the road, the road or company should have
the alternate sections. He believed, and I should
say that was his policy, that the other section
would be enhanced in value, and the Federal
Government would be so far benefited that the
alternate sections would be enhanced m value and
would be settled by actual tenants, and it was
thought they might be brought into market. There
were a great many lands waste and wild, which
could not be brought into the nnuket without some
road being iuii through them to bring them to
public attention. As long as it was thus limited
Mr. Calhoun was content.
Mr. DObGK, of iowa. To what limitation
does the iSenatoi allude?
Mr. BU'i'LliR. To the original proposition of
gmnting the alternate sections for six miles wide
upon each side, tie was peifectly willing to go
that far, and no further.
When the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] now Secrututy of War, and my
f.iend, mtiodiued as a substitute a measure here,
not only giving them the alternate section six
miles on each side, but it the lands could not be
found adjacent withm six miles, that they should
go fifteen miles oil' to find then), Mr. Calhoun
said:  < \ ou arc going further than 1 can have any
security against ahu^e;" and he opposed it. I
have not said that the honoiable Senator from
Iowa has not proceeded upon the strict principle.
Have [ said anything of the kind? I have not
said that i am so much opposed to the appropiia-
tion of these lands as I am to appropriate them
for puiposes of winch I have no knowledge. It
is a very different thing from my being willing to j
vote funds to fowa, or to Arkansas, or to Mis-
souri, or to Indiana, or to Illinois, to reduce me ;
down to say that I am to appropriate lands for this
road or that road, without my having any knowl-
edge of what is the road, or the directum which
commerce will take upon the road. If gentlemen
will bring to me a proposition that I can under-
stand to regulate commerce, to subserve the gen-
eral interest of the country, I might be reconciled,
because I cannot oppose these appropriations. I
know 1 cannot oppose them, and therefore it is,
when I make an appiopnation, I wish to under-
stand whether it directs commerce this way or
that way, and what will be the effect of the appro-
priation upon the commerce of the country.
Have I a right to ask. this? That is reasonable
at least. Now I distinguish much betw eengiving
the lands to the States for an object of which 1 know
something, and ^ivin^ them for what i know
nothing about. I wish to know, when I give lands,
that I give them for a purpose that my judgment
can approve, and not the judgment of those who
introduce the project. This is fair. 1 wish, when
I vote on any measure here, that it shall go out
under the sanction of my judgement, upon the
responsibility of a Senator upon this floor. I do
not undei take to say that this is not a proper road.
! J am very far from saying that it may not be.
| All 1 have to say upon n is, that I have not any
; intelligence about it; nor can I acquire any intel-
i ligence about it from any map, plan, or expose
! made to the Senate of the United States. Am I
i now understood ?
Now, I will say to the Senator from Iowa that
; I cannot be contradicted in what I have said; that
I would verify every declaration that I have made.
' I have said that I know that in many of the
1 prior bills which have passed this body, giving
i alternate sections adjacent to the roads for fifteen
j miles, there has been a provision giving lands m
| any part of the State other than that through
: which the road ran.
! Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. What bill?
j Mr. BUTLER. I mean the bill making the
I gram of land to Michigan for opening a canal
\ around the Falls of St. Mary. I cannot be mis-
! taken m that.
j Mr. CASS. I would beg the Senator to rec-
ollect that that was for opening a great communi-
cation along our northern frontier to the immense
possessions of the United States on Lake Supe-
rior.
] Mr. BUTLER. Iam not saying that that was
| not a useful appropriation, so far as regards the
; object; but I wish to fortify the proposition that a
i bill has passed this body, not subject to the lim-
itation and restriction contained in this bill. I
J wish to put myself rectus in curia. I wish to for-
' tif'y the proposition, thatyou have not confined the
| grant to lands along the route of the road or canal,
! but that Michigan has a right to take the lands in
j any part of the State to carry on that work.
! I will state to my friend from Michigan that I
i am not going upon that old subject. 1 am not
' going to say that such a communication might
not have been proper. Ail I wish is to put my-
! self ny;ht befoie the country, to say that these
: bills are going on step by step, one after another,
! until they shall be so enlarged that if you resort
to precedent, you will be able to go to any part of
j the State for any internal improvement, I stand
right upon that subject. I repeat it, and I intend
. to repeat it, so that time may be no misunder-
■ standing. Island perfectly con ect upon the sub-
ject, not only that you can go fifteen miles from
, the road, but that there is a precedent that you
: can go to any part of the State m which the lands
lie, for the pui pose of internal improvements in
that particular State, I shall stop with that propo-
sition.
Mr. RUSK, i think the honorable Senator
from Georgia and the honorable Senator from
South Carolina have assumed positions in regard
to this matter which cannot be sustained; and my
opinion is that it will be found out that this legis-
lation is beneficial to the United States. In "the
arguments which they lay down, they assume the
value of the United States territory granted by
these several bills at a dollar and a quarter an
acre; and the Illinois road has been the text on all
occasions when a lecture is read about the quan-
tity of lands given away. The lands through
which the Illinois road juns have been in the
maiket for fifteen or twenty years, I believe, and
couid not find purchasers.
A Senator. More than that,
Mr. RUSK. A Senator who is more familiar
with the subject says they were m the market
mote than that.
Mr. JONLS, of Iowa. They were in market
for forty years.
Mr. RUSK. Forty years the Senator says,
and purchasers could not he found for them at any
price. They could not find persons to take the
patents here from your office, and pay the tax
assessed by the State of Illinois on the lands.
