1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1000
is given to the veto message by some Senators
will affect very much the important measure to
which he alludes, and, theiefore, it may be in-
volved in this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of printing is yet undisposed of; perhaps there
would be no objection to taking the vote upon
that.
Mr BROWN. Before that vote is taken, I
desire to say that I had intended to ask the Sena-
tor from Illinois the same question which was
propounded by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] that is, as to whether he is an advocate of
the homestead bill? I have always understood
that Senator to be in favor of that measure; and
when he had answered it, I intended to have fol-
lowed it up by another inquiry, how he drew the
distinction upon constitutional principles, between
making grants of land for the benefit of sane peo-
ple, and making grants of land for the benefit of
those who are insane? I would have asked the
question, but I did not conceive that I had got
quite a courteous answer from the honorable
Senator to my first inquiry; and when I do not
get courteous answers, I am not apt to propound
second inquiries; and inasmuch as the Senator
from Illinois has declined to answer the question,
I now propound it to the country in this form: If
the country approves of the homestead bill, ap-
proves of the policy of giving land to the landless
who are sane, how shall the country repudiate
the doctrine of giving land to the homeless who
are insane?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there was anything in
my answer to the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi that was uncourteous, it certainly was not
so intended. I did decline going off into these
remote questions which were put just at the time
when I was making an argumentupon the present
question that was pinchinggentlemen rather close.
It looked to me as if these questions were put for
the purpose of withdrawing my attention.
Mr. BROWN. It was not so with me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Each time when I got to that
point'again, another question was asked, to with-
draw my attention, and I saw there was a sensi-
tiveness when I endeavored to approach the real
question. Therefore I said, when the homestead
bill came up, they would know my opinions; but
there is no use in any disguise, as the Senator
from Tennessee and the Senator from Mississippi
say. They know, and all here know, that I am
an advocate of the homestead bill; but I do not
choose to go into a discussion of that question
now, when I conceive that it is brought in merely
to mystify this question, instead of discussing
each one by itself, and each upon its own merits.
If the homestead bill does not come within the
principle which I advocate, I shall be against it.
I f it does, I shall be for it. I do not choose, there-
fore, to be drawn off; and I do not concede that
it is the right of any Senator to try to destroy
another man's argument by interruptions to with-
draw him from the point he is discussing.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator is very much mis-
taken if he supposes I was trying to destroy his
argument. I wait in painful anxiety, as the whole
country will wait, for thedistinction between grant-
ing land to sane people and granting land to the
insane. Sir, if you have no constitutional power
to give land to the Senator from Illinois because
he is a man of sense, you have no power to give
it to some other man because he is not a man of
sense; but if you have the power to give it to my
friend from Illinois because he is a sane man,
then, by the same rule of constitutional con-
struction, you can give it to another man because
he is insane. I do not understand these refined
distinctions. I would not for the world charge
the Senator from Illinois with being for sane men
because they are voting men. I know he can be
moved by no such consideration. But what con-
struction will the country put upon this conduct,
unless the Senator will deign to put some con-
struction on it himself. I appeal to the Senator
on his own account to define his position, and to
tell us why it is he is ready to give land to sane
people, and refuses to give it to those that are
insane. Unless there shall be some distinction
drawn why the thing can be done in the one case,
and cannot be done in the other, unfavorable con-
clusions may be drawn; conclusions which, I
state to you, sir, I think, will be exceedingly
against the Senator. While I am no guardian of
his reputation, I think,, as his friend, I am quite
justified in making such suggestions as will call
him up in explanation on a point like this
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am amazed at the Senator
from Mississippi. After drawing a parallel be-
tween the sane and the insane, and after I have
expressly declined to go into the discussion of the
homestead bill upon this question, because it was
irrelevant, he goes on to make a suggestion, that
it cannot possibly be that the Senator from Illinois
would vote for the homestead bill because sane
men can vote; and not for the insane, because they
cannot vote; and then he says he does not im-
pute any such idea, but the country will draw
erroneous impressions. Sir, I have no fear that
any honest man will draw any such construction.
No man in America would ever have dreamed of
it, if the Senator had not suggested it. Now, why
suggest an unworthy imputation, disgraceful to
me, which no honest man would ever have sus-
pected, and, after that suggestion, disavow the
application of it to myself? I am astonished. I
cannot believe that the Senator meant to insinuate
a charge of that kind against me, at the same time
that he disavowed it. But, why the necessity of
pursuing this thing peisonally, after I had ex-
pressly declined to be drawn from the main point
of my argument to another? I feel bound to repel
any apprehension that any man on earth will draw
an unfavorable impression of my integrity or my
motives from my action here. Though I regret
to be compelled to reply in this way, 1 feel it is a
duty to myself to do so.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, when I say
anything, I mean what 1 say. I never deal in
inuendoes, nor mean two things by what 1 say.
I did believe, and I do yet believe, that improper
constructions will be placed upon the conduct of
the Senator in refusing to answer a plain question.
He does not think so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What question have I re-
fused to answer?
Mr. BROWN. You refused to answer the
question as to whether you were in favor of the
homestead bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator declined to put
the question because I had not given a courteous
answer to another question, as he said.
Mr. BROWN. 1 did not hear the gentleman
refuse to answer. My attention was called off for
a moment. He refused to answer the Senator
from Tennessee. Ought I to have propounded
the same question a second time, if there were no
other reason ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That Senator knew, every
man in the Senate knew, that not one week ago I
had, in a speech here, declared my great anxiety
for the passage of the homestead bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi, since he got up to ask me the question, said
he knew that I was for that bill.
Mr. BROWN. I said I understood so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Tennessee
says he knew it. There is not a man here who
did not know it.
Mr. DODG E, of Iowa. Not a man in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BROWN. I stated that I had so under-
stood it, but 1 wanted a distinct avowal from the
Senator from Illinois that he was in favor of that
measure, and then I was about to proceed to say
what 1 honestly believe to be true; and I say it
certainly without any sort of apology, notwith-
standing the vehement manner of the honorable
Senator, that I believed a refusal to give an an-
swer which justified him in voting for a donation
of land to sane people, and at the same time justi-
fied him m refusing to give it for the insane, might
lead to improper construction. I qualified it at
the same time by saying to the Senator that I
was no guardian of his reputution. I know that
he is quite competent to take care of himself; but
if I am not greatly mistaken, notwithstanding the
boisterous manner of the Senator on this occasion,
he will hear of this thing again. I do not make
the suggestion, as the Senator seems to think I
did, that he shall hear from it again; but when
the question is asked, and when the Senator
now distinctly avows that he is in favur of the
homestead bill, and that he is opposed to this
bill—one making a grant of land for the benefit
of the insane, and the other making a grant of
land for the benefit of those who are sane—
saying that one is constitutional and the other
unconstitutional—I repeat again, that the country
will wait in painful anxiety to know how it is
that the Senator draws the distinction between the
two bills. When he refused to give his reasons,
the reasons which justify him in drawing ihis
distinction, I ventured to suggest, in no spirit of
unkindness, that improper conclusions, not very
flattering to the Senator, might by possibility be •
drawn; and if the Senator thinks proper to lec-
ture me for making a suggestion of this sort, in
the kindest spirit, let him do so. I certainly did
not mean to be unkind towards the Senator from
Illinois; and I regret exceedingly that he should
put such a construction upon my declaration. I
say, too, that I think now, when the question is
up, and when there is a proposition to postpone
it for ten days, that the distinction had better be
drawn now between the constitutional power to
vote against a grant of land for the insane, as an
unconstitutional proposition, and the power to
vote in favor of the sane as a constitutional
proposition. If the Senator does not think so,
if he does not concur with me in this opinion, he
certainly, as I said before, is the guardian of his
own reputation, of his own fame, and may de-
cline to answer if he thinks proper.
Mr. BAYARD obtained the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say only one word
in reply to the Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware has the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not yield the floor to the
honorable Senator from Illinois. I have it; and
I wish to make some remarks in reference to this
question. I am sorry to do anything which he
may consider discourteous. I do not consider
these personal altercations in reference to public
measures desirable either for the benefit of the
Senate or of the country. The Senator from Illi-
nois can resume the discussion as he pleases when
I am through, but I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that we are not discussing
the question before us at all. We are going into
the consideration, every gentleman professing that
he does not himself mean to discuss it, of the
merits of the President's message vetoing the bill
for the relief of the insane poor. The motion
pending is to print the message, and the question
recurs, is it not a matter of common courtesy to
the President of the United States, when he has
sent you a message, vetoing, or dissenting in
opinion from your action on a great legislative
measure, to print that message?
It is certainly improper to prolong this debate
without determining to print the message, so that
it may come before the Senate and before the peo-
ple of the country properly. Are gentlemen
afraid to let it go before the country, or do (hey
mean to treat the President with discourtesy, and
say that they will keep lying on their table, un-
prmted, his message, until they have fully, in
their own opinions, answered the positions con-
tained in it, before it can go before the country at
alP That is something like the aspect of things
as the debate has progressed in this case.
But there is another view of this question. On s
this motion to print, it seems to me, the proposi-
tion should be a plain one, to order on the part
of the Senate that the message should be printed,
in order that it may go before the country. The
consideration of the message then becomes a sub-
ject of debate in the Senate. Gentlemen need not
oe afraid, unless they underrate the intelligence of
the people of the country, that they are going in
a hasty debate to make such an impression on
the public mind that it cannot be answered here-
after. This question is not going to sleep with a
mere debate to-day. It is a great question. We
are coming back to something like a division upon
principles, and gentlemen, I think, will find that
the people of this country understand principles,
though the idea seems to be entertained that if you
can only, here in the Senate Chamber, in the first
instance, enunciate a particular idea, afterwards
it is a forgone conclusion and subsequent discus-
sion can have no ultimate influence upon it.
If they have confidence in the principles which
are to sustain this bill, they must be met hereafter
before the people of the country, for the question
is not going to stop here; and it is not going to
stop here, as I mentioned to you, because, though
when such bills as these are under consideration,
and are objected to by individual Senators, que**
