1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19-27
that his widow shall be provided for at the public
expense. Therefore a compensation should be
paid to your men in the Army and Navy equal to
the compensation that they would receive ill the
ordinary avocationa of life.
But what is the reason urged for the increase of
the higher grade of officers' pay? That is not
necessary, I take it, in order to provide the Army
with officers. There can be no such necessity, I
presume, for the proposed increase. The only
reason urged for the increase of the pay of the
soldiers, is to enable the Government to fill up
the rank and file of the Army. Let that be done,
in order that the servile of the country may be
furnished with the proper quota of men. But I
have not yet heard of any difficulty in ohtaining
competent persons to fill offices, either in military
or civil life. There has been no trouble in filling the
civil offices under the Government on account of
the salary. Nor has there been any difficulty
so far in the history of the country to find officers
to command your soldiers in peace or war? Then
there is no reason for this enormous increase of
the pay on that account. It is an unreasonable
demand on the tax-payer of the country, and is
unjust to the rank and file of the Army. Why
should you increase the soldier's pay only three
dollars per month, and that of the officer sixty-
five dollars?
While there is a general tendency to increase
the salaries of officers, it becomes this House to
guard well their appropriations for such purposes,
it becomes them to scrutinize well all the bills of
this character that are proposed for their action.
Sir, I have but little faith in bills prepared in your
bureaus providing for the efficiency of your Army
and Navy and the increase of pay among then-
officers and men, so far as their relative pay is
concei ned. Those bmeaus, both Army and Navy,
are controlled in their recommendations by old
officers—men who have been schooled in one par-
ticular discipline, and who have been taught,
almost from childhood, to revere rank and rever-
ence the plume, disregarding the merits and ser-
vices of the more obscure. They have always
asked an increase of pay for the officers, to the
neglect of the subalterns. You will find, when-
ever a proposition has come up here for the reor-
ganization of the Navy, and an increase of pay
for those in the service, that the commodores and
captains are always specially to be provided for.
It seems, m this Army bill, that the old officers
of the Army must take care of their own class,
and an increase of pay is provided for them to the
disregard of the rights and interests of the private
in the ranks.
This has been the general tendency of things
since I have had the honor of a seat upon this
floor. Propositions of this character always come
from the old class of officers—men who are bound
up with their own class; and it is for them, their
interests and rights, that they labor, not looking
so closely to the interest of those whom work
has made inferiors. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Faulkner] no doubt thmks that the increase
he desires is all proper, and he has, undoubtedly
the sanction and approval of the officers in and
about the Departments. They propose to increase
the pay of your private in the ranks three dollars
a month, and the pay of your general sixty-five
dollars a month. Why this discrimination?
Should not the services of the soldier, who gives to
his country his whole time, and who risks his life
and braves danger the same on the battle-field, and
whose services secure the triumph that adds glory
to the officer, be rewarded by a compensation
something proportionate to that awarded to his
general ?
Mr. PECKHAM. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question ? I
would ask him why there should be any differ-
ence in the pay at all ?
A Voiof.. Why have any pay at all? Let
them serve for nothing.
Mr. GROW. I ask no man to serve me, or
serve his country, without a fair compensation for
his labor. Would you grant a bounty to a mail,
out of the public Treasury, who occupies a posi-
tion of honor and glory because of his position,
over and above all reasonable compensation for
his services? While he is occupying a position
of honor and of trust, let him be paid some addi-
tional compensation for the duties of that position.
1 make no objection to differences of pay, for
there are differences of responsibility in your i
Army. If a man has additional duties devolved 1
upon him, requiring greater responsibility, he 1
should be compensated to that extent. But I do i
object to the distinctions made in this bill, for the I
compensation proposed for the higher grades is |
unreasonable for the service rendered. j
Mr. PHILLIPS. i ask the gentleman from ;
Pennsylvania, if by this bill the compensation of |
Ae private soldier is not increased in a greater
ratio than the compensation of the officer?
Mr. GROW. But then comes the question,
was the compensation right before? 1 do not
know whether it is so or not. The compensation ;
of the private soldier now is seven dollars per ;
month. This bill proposes to increase it to ten j
dollars. The compensation of the Major Gen- ;
eral now is $200 per month. It is proposed to :
increase it to $265. 1 care not whether the pro- j
portion of increase is the same or not. The ques- j
tion comes back again, " Was the pay right
before?" For we are acting not on precedent,
nor are we bound by its authority. We are acting
on principles which we believe fair, just, and
right; and not upon the authority of what has
| been done heretofore, when the world looked upon
i the wearer of the helmet and the waving plume
as the great savior of mankind. Times have
I changed; and men's opinions of the relative woiih
! of chieftain and citizen have changed also. Now
" peace hath her victories no less renowned than
[ those of war." The world's greatest heroes are
no longer plumed warriors.
Why is it still insisted that the General must be
paid so large a compensation' The notion has
comedown to us from ancient days, that the man
holding a position of high honor must be furnished
with I he means of ostentatious display, and that,
therefore, he must be paid by the Government a
large compensation. The idea has come down to
us from olden times that "the royal family" is
to be provided for at the public expense. Who-
ever, then, is high in the State must be paid an
enormous salary, to support him in idleness and
extravagance. And hence have come grades in
labor, and distinctions m society, based not on
moral and intellectual worth, but on accidental
rank, and factitious inequalities. Because the
pay of officer and soldier was once fixed at a par-
ticular rate, must it therefore always continue in
the same ratio? Because your soldier has been
! poorly paid heretofore, and your General well
1 paid, is that any reason why we should always
. continue the dis'propoition ? 1 care not what the
J relative pay has been heretofore, or what the rel-
ative increase proposed by this bill is. The
j question is, is 'ten dollars per month for a private
! soldier in the ranks a fair compensation for his
! services, when the General who commands is paid
I §265 per month, in addition to large extra allow-
! ance for rations?
! Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I wish
| to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
| Groh] a question, if he will give tyay to me a
■ moment.
Mr. GROW. . Certainly.
! Mr. TAYLOR. I should like the gentleman
to state what would be a fair proportion between
! the pay of the private soldier and that of the Ma-
! jor General. It is very easy to complain of the
proposition of the Committee on Military Affairs;
' but what proportion does he think should exist
I between the grades?
i Mr. GROW". I will state what my opinion is,
' and what my action will be on this bill. 1 will
| not vote to increase the pay of any officer who
; receives now forty dollars or upwards per month.
I will vote to increase the pay of men who receive
less than that sum, because I believe that m almost
any other business in life they could command
i larger compensation than is now paid them m the
Army. But the pay of the General is now as
; large as he could command in any other pursuit,
I with the advantage that it is a life office. There
is no, or scarcely any, civil service in this coun-
i try where he would receive $400 per month for
!; his services. I believe that the pay of all grades
I that is fixed above forty dollais per month is sut-
i' ficiently large now. So believing, I shall vote
, against all increase of pay for officers who receive
that amount or more.
I have but a word further to say, and then I
; will yield to others and trespass no longer on the
i patience of the House, i propose to offer an
amendment to this bill, by striking out all after the
fourth line to the letter "a" in the fourteenth line—
which provides for the increase of pay to all offi-
cers above sergeant major, so the section will pro-
vide only for the increase of soldiers and officers
under that rank.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is the bill open to
amendment now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman fiom Virginia, if he reports this bill
back to the House without amendment?
Mr. FAULKNER. No, sir, the committee
recommend two amendments.
I The SPEAKER, Then the amendment pro-
i posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
I be in order.
Mr. GROW. I propose further to amend by
I stiiking out of Ihis bill all after and including
j the word "provided" in the twenty-sixth line,
I with the exception of the eighth section.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman must propose
I one amendment at a time.
i Mr. GROW". What does the Chair decide in
i regard to my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order at its
i proper place. The bill will be read for amend-
ment, and when the proper place is reached, the
i gentleman may submit it m order.
! Mr. GROW. The remarks I have made were
] in explanation of my vote to suspend the rules for
the purpose of giving this measure opportunity
1 for consideration in the House.
ENR«LLF.D BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committeeon Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
Senate bills; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Speaker:
An act confirming a certain- land claim ill Lou-
isiana, known as the Fleurian claim.
An act for the relief of John S. Wilson.
An act to ascertain and adjust the titles to cer-
tain lands in the State of Indiana.
An act to incorporate the proprietors of the
Glenwood Cemetery.
An act for the relief of Ira Baldwin.
An act for the relief of James M. Groggin.
An act for the relief of «he legal representatives
: of the late Thomas Chapman, formerly collector
I of the port of Georgetown, South Carolina.
! An act authorizing a patent to be issued to
i Peter Poncin for certain lands therein described.^
An act for the relief of Conrad Wheat, jr., or his
legal representatives.
An act for the relief of Richard King.
j An act for the relief of William Senna Factor.
An act for the relief of Richard M. Bouton,
George Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher.
i An act for the relief of Passed Midshipmen
George P. Welsh and Clai k H. Wells.
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers and seamen of the United States
' schooner Grampus, who were lost in that vessel,
in March, 1843, near the coast of the United
' Slates. ^
An act for the relief of Andrew J. Deckerhofr.
An act for the relief of Lavmia Taylor.
An act for the relief of Thomas S. Russell.
An act for the relief of A. G. Bennett.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased.
An act for the relief of Samuel H. Hempstead,
i An act for the relief of John W. Kelly.
An act for the relief of Sylvester T. Jerauld,
1 assignee of the interest of Henry Richard.
An act for the relief of Thomas D. Jennings.
An act for the relief of Joseph Campau.
All act for the relief of Manuel Hernandez.
I An act for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. B. Coch-
■ rane, widow of the late Lieutenant R. E. Coch-
, rane, United Slates Army.
i An act for the relief of William Claude Jones.
: Ail act for the relief of Rebecca Freeman.
An act for the relief of James Wormsiey.
: An act for the relief of Mary Cailton.
An act for the relief of Sarah Ornnddll.
An act for the relief of Joseph Gonder, jr., and
John Duff.
; An act for the rel ief of William Miller.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Samuel Piioleau, deceased.
An act for the relief of William Hams, of
1 Georgia.
