1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
An act for the relief of James "Edwards and
others.
An act for the relief of Thomas Snodgrass.
An act for the relief of the executrix of the late
Brevet Colonel A. C. W.. Fanning, of the United
States Army.
Mr. PHELPS then obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mx, PECKHAM, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at three o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, JulySG, 1854. -
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
Mr. BADGER. I hope, at this period of the
session, there will be no objection, as it is usually
done when we are hard pressed for time, to omit
the reading of the Journal. I move that that be
done.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
DAVID F DOUGLASS.
Mr. BRODHE AD. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill for the relief of
David F. Douglass, late marshal of the northern
district of California, have instructed me to report
back the bill without amendment, and to recom-
mend its passage. It is a meritorious case which
is recommended by Mr. Whittlesey. I also pre-
sent a report in the case, #which I ask may be
printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the bill will be passed
now. Its object is to enable the settlement of the
accounts of the late marshal for the northern dis-
trict of California. Mr; Whittlesey, the Comp-
troller, has sent it here, and asked for its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the accounting offi-
cers, in the settlement ofMr, Douglass's accounts,
to allow such charges as he paid the bailiffs and
criers of the district court, certified by Judge
Hoffman, who held the court, to be necessary, rea-
sonable, and proper *and as low as competent
persons could be obtained to perform such offices.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for fortifications and other
works of defense, and for repairs of barracks and
quarters, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1855, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
GEORGE Jtf ATTINGLV.
The private bills heretofore received from the
House of Representatives were read, and appro-
priately referred, as stated below. When the bill
for the relief of George Mattmgiy was announced,
Mr. BADGER said: I should be very glad if
the Senate would dispose of that bill immediately.
It is one about which there can be no question.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to convey to George Mattingly
and hi« heirs, all the right, title, and interest of
the United States in and to square numbered four
hundred and ninety-five, of the plot of the city of
Washington, if he or they shall first produce to
the Commissioner a certificate of the Secretary of
the Treasury that he paid to him for the United
States the sum of §387 11, with interest thereon
from July 26, 1844.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
PINE GROVE ACADEMY.
When the bill for the relief of the Pine Grove
Academy, in the State of Louisiana, was an-
nounced,
Mr. SLTDELL, said: The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims of the Senate have reported a
bill in precisely the same terms as this one; and
there can he no doubt that the Senate would have
rassed it if u had been reached in regular order.
ask, therefore, that this bill may now be con-
sidered without a reference.
There being no objection, theSenateproceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill.
It proposes to confirm the title of the president,
directors, and trustees of the Pine Grove Acad-
emy, in the parish of Caldwell, Louisiana, in
their title to a lot of forty acres on which the
academy is situated, which was donated by some
of the claimants under the Maison Rouge grant.
It also proposes to confirm them in their title to
another tract of land in the same parish, of abdfct
one mile front on the west bank of the Ouachita
river, known as lot 23, in plat No. l,in the Maison
Rouge grant, surveyed by John Dinsmore, a
deputy surveyor of the United States, containing
about four thousand acres, donated to them by
Daniel W. Cox, one of the claimants of the grant
in lb39, with a proviso that the act shall operate
only as a relinquishment of title on the part of the
United States, and shall not interfere with the
rights of settlers on the land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
FRAZER AND CLENDENIN
When the bill for the relief of John Frazer,the
administrator of the estate of John G. Clendenin,
came up—
Mr. PETTIT. I ask for the consideration of
that bill now. It is a matter with which I am
familiar, and there is no doubt that if it were
referred, the Committee on Private Land Claims
would recommend its passage.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
I to consider the bill. It proposes to reimburse to
the parties the amount expended by them for the
purchase of a certain tract in Indiana, together
with interest thereon, and also their expenses in
defending their title to the land, with interest on
that sum; but before any payment shall be made,
the accounting officer is to be satisfied by proof
as to the amount expended by them in purchasing
the tract and prosecuting their title to it, and that
no more shall be allowed than the United States
received for the land, with interest on that sum,
and that no more than seventy-five dollars shall
be allowed for their expenses in defending their
title.
Mr. CASS. I do not like to object to this bill;
but I really prefer that it should be referred to the
proper committee.
Mr. PE FT1T. This is a matter with which I
am perfectly familiar. If it be referred at all, it
will be to my committee, and I know it will be
favorably reported on. It is now before the Sen-
ate, and mijjht as well be acted on at this time.
Mr. CASS. I do not doubt the merits^ of the
esse; but I think we ought to have a report I
withdraw my objection, however, to oblige the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HUNTER. After this is disposed of I
shall object to considering any more of these bills
now. it is time that we were getting to the ap-
propriation bills.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to committees, as
annexed:
A bill for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy—Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Bedinger's heirs—
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill for the relief of Brigadier General John
E. Wool—Committee on Claims.
A bill for the relief of J. C. Buckles, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky—Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
A bill for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walter H. Finnall—Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
A bill for the relief of William A. Duer, John
Duer, and Beverly Robinson, trustees of the es-
tate of Sarah Alexander, widow of Major General
William Alexander, commonly known as Lord
Sterling—Commiitee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Rice Jones—Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A bill for the relief of Robert F. McGuire and
Louisa, his wife, late Louisa Lamy—Committee
on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant George H.
Paige, of the United States Army—Committee on
Military Affairs.
A joint resolution for the relief of Captain J.
H. Lendrum, of the United States Army—Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A bill to provide a pension for Oliver Brown,
of Chemung county, New York—Committee on
Pensions.
A bill to provide a peimon for Edmund Mitch-
ell, of "Carroll county, inxne State of Kentucky—
Committee, on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of James Butler—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of John H. Hicks, of In-
diana—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of John Brown, second, of
New Hampshire—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Anne W. Angus,
widow of the late Captain Angus, United States
Army—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Betsey Nash—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ellis—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Charlotte S. Westcott*—
Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Anna E. Cook—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Abraham Ausman—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Titian R. Peale—Com-
mittee on the Library.
A bill for the relief of Sylvester Humphrey, and
the heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased—
Committee on Claims.
A bill for the relief of Jacob McLellan—Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill for the relief of Charles I. Davis, ad-
ministrator of Captain John Davis, an officer in
the war of the Revolution—Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
A bill for the relief of Charles H. Wilgus—
Committee on Military Affairs.
A joint resolution for the settlement of th&
claim of Don Juan Jesus Vigil, of New Mexico
—Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Everard Meade—Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin Smith
—Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill for the relieP of Nathaniel Reddick, ad-
ministrator of Richard Taylor, deceased—Com-
mittee on Revolutionary claims.
A bill for the relief of John McVey and John
F. McNeely, of Louisiana—Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of William Curran—Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Enoch S. More—Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass—Committee
on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Rosalie Caxillo—Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A mil for the relief of William Hankins—Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the lelief of A. S. Laughery—Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of W illiam J. McElhiny, E.
P. Mathews, and Lawrence Cribben—Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of township forty-five, range
one, in Warren county, Missouri—Committee on
Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lieutenant Francis Ware—Committee on Revo-
lutionary-Claims.
A bill for the relief of James Capen—Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Cateshy
Jones, surety for a former postmaster at Norfolk,
Virginia—Committee on the Judiciary. _
A bill for the relief of James Wright, jr., of the
State of Tennessee'—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Captain Lewis E. Simonds
—Committee on Naval Affairs. '
A bill for the relief of Daniel Morse, of Essex,
