360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
citizens in a common public improvement, and
your property will be improved as well as theirs,
it is not just, it is not proper, no man will say that
it is at all consistent with equity, to call upon the cit-
izens of the new States to build railroads through
lands belonging to the Government, and then that
the Government should sell the lands at a greatly
enhanced price—a price produced at the cost of the
citizens of those States. In the old States, where
the Government owns no lands, necessarily it
cannot be called upon for these appropriations.
Why? Because the direct benefit resulting from
the expenditure of theappropriation doesnotinure
to the benefit of the General Government. But
in the new States, where the General Government
owns the land, and where the principle goes to
this extent and no further, where one half shall be
appropriated for these purposes, to make the re-
maining half more valuable than the whole was
before. I am scarcely able to understand the dif-
ficulty of the Senator from Georgia, who thinks
such a measure would be a squandering away of
the public lands. Why? The lands go fur the
benefit of all the States. The one half appropri-
ated for these improvements goes, of course, to
the benefit of the improvement itself; but the other
half, enhanced in value, and selling for more than
the whole would have been sold for before, comes
into the market. The proceeds of the public lands
are brought into the public Treasury,and they are
expended for the benefit of the whole Union—for
the old States as well as the new.
I, for one, am not alarmed by this cry of there
being one hundred and six railroad bills. I wish
there were one thousand and six instead of one
hundred and six. 1 wish they could be multi-
plied throughout the whole extentof the West, and
through every part of the country where the Gov-
ernment possesses public lands. If the system
of railroads could be scattered throughout the
whole of our western country; if the lands could
be brought into cultivation by being brought
within the reach of maiket by this system of in-
ternal improvements; if the haidyand iridustiious
population can be spread over these hinds, I say
that they would be a source of benefit., not only
to the new States but to the whole Union, to the
constituents represented by the Senators from
Delaware and Georgia; far greater than can be
obtained by any other system you can devise.
One hundred and six railroads! One hundred
and six bills, we are told, call for $350,QUO,009.
According to my judgment, the proper way to
state the proposition would be one hundred and
six railroads, providing for increasing the wealth
of the country to the extent of $700,000,000, if
they appropriate that quantity of land for that
purpose
I believe this system of appropriation to be a
source of public wealth, and not a squandering of
the public funds. 1 believe, with the Senator from
Texas, that no system has been devised m mod-
ern times, by which the wealth, the prosperity,
and the increase of this country have been so well
secured, as by the system of giving a portion of
.the-public lands for purposes of internal improve-
ments so as to add value to the rest.
I did not intend to say a word upon this sub-
ject, hut I think the whole principle has been mis-
applied; I was going to say had been misunder-
stood, but I cannot suppose that to be the case
with Senators as experienced and distinguished
as those who have spoken. Hut I iealiy think
that the true principle has not been stated; that it
is not an appropriation of public money. It is
not to be compaied to the case of the improve-
ment of harbors and rivers, where the Govern-
ment, as a Government, spends the money of the
whole people. I think that a distinction is to be
mode between the Government as o political body,
governing the countiy, and the Government as a
land-holder and land-owner of part of the land
through which these improvements pass. It is the
Government as a land-holder and l.tnd-owner join-
ing with"other land-holders and land-owneis in
making this vast public improvement.
Mr. BROWN. I have no inten tion to enter
upon the discussion of this question ; but it is true,
I believe,that a Utile experience sometimes is bet-
ter than a great deal of theory: and our expenence
in this inaiter of appropriating public lands for
improvements of this kind has been to convince
every man who has watched its operation that
there is not only no danger m the pioceeding, but
that it must result beneficially to the whole country.
In making the grant of public lands for aiding in
the construction of the Mobile and Ohio railroad,
the district which I had the honor'to represent in
the other House ofCongiess was included m that
grant, and i speak from absolute observation when
1 say that lands which had remained m the market
for more than forty years without finding a pur-
chaser at a dollar and a quarter ail acre, are now
eagerly sought tor at two dollars and a half per
acre; and tins Government refuses to sell at that
price. I know that hundreds of settlers have sought
the right of preemption upon these reserved sec-
tions, and have petitioned Congress,time and again,
to grant the right of preemption, and Congress has i
refused because they could sell the land at a higher I
price. 1 speak what i know to be true, when 1 j
say that more land was sold within that land dis !
j tnct m twelve months succeeding the grant than 1
' had been sold for twenty years preceding, even at ;
: the enhanced price of two dollars and a half an
acre.
The distinguished Senator fi om Delaware speaks
of the down -vaul tendency of things which ht is ex-
ceedingly anxious to arrest. 1 trust he does notcon-
siderthis a down ward tendency. It strikes me thai
it is an upwaid tendency; and instead of arrest-
ing a pioceeding of this kind, if he be i ealiy watch-
ful ot the interests of the public Treasury, he
ought to promote this proceeding. If the effect
shall be the same every wheie that it has been in
Mississippi and Illinois, and wherever these grants
nave been made, then the honorable Senator from
Louisiana is right when he says that these grants
are matters ot wealth and not of depletion to the
national Treasury. You absolutely make money
by the sale of your land, to say nothing of the
advantages which would arise hom bringing the
lands under cultivation, and thereby adding to the
aggregate wealth and the general piospemy of the
whole country.
I agree witti the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana, who says he wishes there were, instead of
one hundred and six railroad bills, one thousand
and six of them; for, in my judgment, just in pt o-
portion as you multiply these bills, do you multi-
ply the prospenty ot the countiy. Why should
this Government desire to hold on to wild lands,
and have them infested by wild beasts? Why not
encourage settlements, encourage your hardy sons
togotheieand cultivate the soil? And yet they
will never go, unless you give them some means
of carrying away the produce of their labor. Do
you expect men in the old States, or even in the
new States, to penetrate into the heart of the for-
ests, and fell ihe timber, and piepare the soil for
cultivation, and expend upon it their labor, when,
alter having reaped their hat vests, they will have
no market for the sale of the products of their
labor. Provide them markets, and they will go
on these lands, and buy them even at doubffe the
present minimum price, prepare them for cultiva-
tion, actually cultivate them, and make them bene-
ficial to you and to every part of the country.
i J am not going to enter upon a general discus-
i sion of this question, for I had supposed that after
! the action ot the Senate, two or thiee days ai;o,
i upon the bill for Wisconsin, and after its action
; upon two or three other questions of this sort,
; after several bills had been allowed to pass without
j discussion, that there would be no debate upon
, this question. Theiefore, for one, I am wholly
; taken by surprise by this debate. If there be a
! purpose to investigate this question again, which
! has been so often discussed in both "Houses of
i Congress, and certainly most elaborately discussed
, m the House of Representatives, then I trust a
day will be fixed, according to the suggestion of
the Senator fiom California, [Mr. Gwin,] so that
I we shall all be prepared to go into the discussion.
; 1 do not believe myself—perhaps because I have
^ heatd more of this discussion in the House of
j Representatives—nor can I conceive that discus-
sion is necessary.
! 1 he plain, stubborn fact, which experience has
, taught us to be true, that the price of the public
lands is more than doubled; that the sections re-
i served by the Government are worth more than
: twice as much after ^the grant than before, does
seem to me to justify every Senator in voting
for these bills: for, as was well said by the Sena-
tor fiom lexas, if the road is not built, of course
you do not part with the lands; you only grant
the lands upon condition that the road is to be
built. If the road be built, then the sections that
you reserve to yourself are worth more than
double the price asked for the whole before your
grant was made. How, then, in the name of all
that is just and reasonable,! ask, is it possible for
the Government to lose anything by making the
grants ?
I should not have said a word upon the ques-
tion, but that 1 find 1 have a little bill, of which I
notify the Senate, for the benefit of the State of
Mississippi, which I intend to call up at the proper
Ume, and hope to have it passed.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend again to speak
on this subject; but I intend to put some proposi-
tions which I think will present the matter in a
very different light from what it seems to have1
presented itself to the Senator from Mississippi*
the Senator from Iowa, and others interested io
these grants of land.
Suppose 1 were living upon a stream, and any
one, either below or above, should undertake to
divert the stream. Now, that might benefit him
who undertook to divert it, and 1 admit that thtse
donations and grants of public lands may add to*
the wealth of the Government, and may bestow a
benefit upon the particular sections or local por-
tion of the country through which they run. And
when lean see, as I have seen, that these lands
may be so far administered by this Governmental
to divert commerce from its legitimate channel,
from the channel in which it would have flowed,
the question assumes a very different character
from regai ding the Federal Government as a mere
land holder desiring to make money.
I have never made my opposition to the sys-
tem upon the ground that it might not be a judi-
cious and prudent one for the public lands, so a 
to make them valuable to the Treasury of the
United States, or that it did riot bestow benefits
upon local sections; 1 have never said so. I know
j no warrant in the Constitution of the United
| States by which the Federal Government can
i delegate to a company the administration of its
] funds or its lands.
| There are three outlets of commerce in the Uni-
I ted States—from the Great West across to the
lakes; another to the Atlantic; another to the Gulf;,
j another perhaps to the Pacific ultimately. Sup-
pose that, instead of all these appropriations, or
I grants of land being for one place or anothery.
! there should be appropiiations of land exclusively
i to carry the commerce across the Mississippi;
! and, as Mr. Herndon has said, turn the mouth of
: it, so that, instead of throwing the commerce into
j the Atlantic, to throw it by its waters into the
i lakes, and carry commerce directly across to New
Yoi k, cutting it off from the Atlantic altogether.
1 1 do not say that that necessarily woufd be the
effect of this system of internal improvements,
i But suppose I should see a system of internal im-
! provements growing up under this administration-
| of the public lands hy which commerce would be
; diverted from the Atlantic to the Gulf,and that these
, appropriations of land, instead of favoiing a gen-
i eral system, should be partial, carrying commeice
' across the lakes to New Yoi k, carrying it down ta
i the Gulf of Mexico, and diverting it from the At-
lantic ports ? Suppose I should see such a ihing as
! that, and yet I were told, notwithstanding this, you
j have added to the general wealth of the country,
I and have made Louisiana, and Mississippi, and
j Iowa rich, and all the States on the lakes rich ? Is-
1 that any compensation, when I know I have been
made poor by taking from me the very elements of
i commerce? Sir, I do not say there is any inten-
1 tion or any scheme of this kind to make any such
diversion. I do not say that it is going to have
' that operation. I know thatone section is perfectly
; willing to take grants of this kind, provided
another takes them also, without any regard to
; the general system one way or another.
I I believe, however, that, so far as these rail-
! roads have run, they have been adverse to some
j sections of the United States: and I cannot be re-
l conciled to appropriations of this kind by being
i told that, as a proprietor, the Government of the
, United States has derived advantage from them.
1 I grant that the United States may become rich
: as a proprietor in the bestowment of these lands.
: But suppose that we were to have the power of
, regulating the clouds, that they should ram in this
place or that place, according to some system of
| Espy, so that we could bring down rain by our
I decree, I would not trust such a power to this
