1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
Chittenden county, Vermont—Committeeon Pen-
sions.
A bill for the relief of Ira Call, of Huron
county, Ohio—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Isaac M. Sigler, of Put-
nam county, Indiana—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Mary H. Cushing—Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill vesting the title of the United States to
certain lands in the city of Cincinnati—Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
A bill for the relief of William H. Weirick—
Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the relief of the civil township of
Marion, in the county of Mercer, Ohio—Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Bagerly, widow
of David Bagerly, deceased—Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
BROWN, RUSSELL AND COMPANY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives, for the relief
of John S. Jones and William H. Russell, sur-
viving partners of the firm of Brown, Russell &
Co., have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I ask
for its consideration now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. Its object is to direct the Secretary of War
to settle and adjust the claims of John S. Jones
and William Ii. Russell, surviving partners of
Brown, Russell & Co., for losses of oxen and
wagons sustained in the transportation of military
stores from Fort Leavenworth to Santa Fe, and
limits the amount to be allowed to $38,800.
In the fall of 1850, an extraordinary necessity
arose for forwarding military supplies from Port
Leavenworth to Santa Fe. Owing to the lateness
of the season, and the risk to be encountered m
such a journey in the winter time, the acting
quartermaster, Brevet Major Ogden could find no
persons willing, at any price, to undertake the
service, except Russell, Bi own, and Jones. These
persons entered into a contract with Major Og-
den, acting on the part of the Government, to
receive the supplies at Fort Leavenworth, with
suitable means of conveyance, to be approved by
that officer, and transport them, "with all prac-
ticable dispatch," to Santa Fe. The contractors
accordingly entered on the service with three
trains, consisting of one hundred wagons, and
upwards of twelve hundred head of oxen; and
after a toilsome journey, and much exposure,
arrived at a point about forty-five miles from
Santa FG, when they were stopped by a snow
storm of extraordinary severity. Mr. Brown,
one of the contractors, was in charge of the
trains, and at this point left them, and went into
Santa Fe, to report his progress to the officer
in command there, and procure his assent to a
suspension of the journey until better weather.
Mr. Brown was taken ill on his arrival at Santa
Fe, and died a few days after, in consequence, as
was believed, of the hardships and exposures he
had suffered. After waiting several days for Mr.
Brown's return, the person next in charge went
also to Santa Fe, and there finding his principal
at the point of death, represented to the command-
ant of the post, Captain Easton, the condition of
the trains, and the state of the weather and roads,
and that it would cause great loss to endeavor
then to proceed; asking, consequently, his con-
currence m a temporary delay. This was refused
by Captain Easton, in consequence, as is shown
by his affidavit, and those of the clerks in the
quartermaster's department, of the necessities of
the garrison, and he demanded that the supplies
be brought on immediately, and if not, that he
would have them brought at the contractor's ex-
pense. The agent, consequently, returned to the
encampment, and thence hastened the supplies
through to SalUa Fe. To effect this, it appears
by the deposition of the agent, C. 0. Jones, that
he expended upwards of $14,000 m the purchase
of forage, and in the hire of extra teams and men;
and from sundry depositions, that nearly the
whole number of the cattle belonging to the trains
perished from the exposure. It also appears that,
on the settlement of the estate or the deceased
partner, (Brown,) the actual loss of the contract-
ors in the transaction was a fraction less than
Seth M. Leavenworth. The Postmaster General
refused to take any action on the subject. Leav-
enworth has since died. The report on the old
case is there, and it makes a very strong case.
This only requires the Auditor to examine, as-
certain, and pay what damages may be due.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senator
from Ohio satisfied ?
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
PETITION.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
I Charles E. Sherman, attorney in fact of Robert
I Harrison, and other claimants, under the ninth
| article of the treaty of 1819 with Spain, praying
] payment of the decrees in his favor, as attorney
, aforesaid, made under the acts to carry said treaty
It is now only half past eleven jj into effect: which was referred to the Committee
II on the Judiciary.
jj REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
i! Mr. MALLORY, from iheCommitteeon Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of E.
[' A. Williams and W. D. Ligon, asking to be re-
} lieved from their liability as sureties upon the
official bonds of W. H. Kennon, purser in the
United States Navy, submitted an adverse report
i; thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
jj Mr. SLIDELL,from the Committee on Foreign
ii Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
V Anne S. P. Chew,executrix of Wiiliam W. Chew,
> praying to be allowed the outfit of a charge d'affaires,
during the time the testator acted in that capacity
, at the Court of St. Petersburgh, in 1839 and 1840,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, authorizing the
payment of balance of the property accounts be-
tween the United States and the State of New
York, for military stores in the war of 1832, re-
ported it back without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
petition of John A. Sutter, praying indemnity for
losses sustained in consequence of the forcible
i seizure of his lands and property by settlers, un-
i der the plea that they were unappropriated pub-
I he lands, reported against printing the same.
! lie said he was instructed to say that, although
i it had been usual tor the last four years to print
memorials from State Legislatures, yet it had not
been so m the case of private individuals, and
therefore the committee had reported adversely to
the printing of this petition.
I The report was concurred in.
; Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
1 Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
' J. H. Taliaferro and others, sureties of D. F. M.
, Thornton, a purser m the Navy, praying to be re-
' leased from their liability, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for tne relief of J. II. F.
Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and H. T. Tali-
aferro, sureties of D. M. F.Thornton, late a pur-
ser in the Navy of the United States; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
CANAL IN FLORIDA.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the report of
i theSecretary of War, communicating information
; respecting the survey of a route for a canal across
'] the peninsula of Florida, was ordered to be printed.
j BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained the u nan -
! imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
| granting the right of way across Rock Island, in
i Illinois, to the Chicago and Rock Island Railroad
; Company; which was read, and passed to a second
j reading.
!, MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
' A message was received from the House of
] Representatives, by Mr. McKeik, Chief Clerk,
i announcing that they had passed a bill from the
I Senate supplemental y to an act entitled " Ari act
I, to authorize notaries public to take and certify
l: oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments m cer-
' tain cases;" also, that they had passed a bill for
' the relief of Benjamin Metoyer; m which they re-
1 quested the concuirence of the Seriate.
$40,000. It is shown that these losses might
have been avoided by a temporary delay at the
point where the trains were encamped.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time and passed.
TEXAS NAVY.
Mr. RUSK. I move to dispense with all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill to
provide for the surviving officers of the late Texan
Navy.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a proposition to make
to the Senate, which I hope will be accepted by
all. If they will agree to take up the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill this morning, and sit
it out to-day, I think we can conclude it probably
by four o'clock, the usual hour of adjournment.
I shall then not be in the way of gentlemen to
morrow, and they can get up what they choose.
Mr. RUSK " ' ' ' ' '
o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that it will be an
actual saving of time to finish the appropriation
bill.
Mr. RUSK. What will become of my bill
then ? |
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator may try the '
sense of the Senate upon it to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. I will make a proposition to the j:
honorable Senator from Virginia? ,!
Mr. WALKER. I will say to the Senator j;
from Virginia, that I think it will be impossihW
to finish the civil and diplomatic appropriation ;
bill until we shall have had another Executive ses- I
sion. 1 could tell him why, but I cannot speak I
of such matters in open session. He will find on j
conference with the chairman of the Committee j
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Sebastian,] that we can- j
not dispose of this bill until we have had an Ex- j
ecutive session. . ■■
Mr. HUNTER. We can get so nearly through J
that we can see our way clear. I
Mr. MASON. We have very important busi-
ness to dispose of at this session. W e have Ex-
ecutive business to attend to. This is the first
appropriation bill that we have had before us. It
is not yet finished,and 1 apprehend it will require
a day or two yet to finish it. 1 have the kindest j
disposition towards the Senator from Texas, but
I am opposed to taking up any business of a char-
acter which is not pressing m preference to that I
which is pressing.
Mr. RUSK. I introduced this bill at a very j
early part of the session. I have been very anx-
ious all the time to get it up, but it has been
delayed by other business. It will be useless to
attempt to-get it up at this session unless within a
few days. It is a matter which involves questions
of considerable importance, especially to the par-
ties who are to be affected by it. I hope the Sell-
ate will take it up.
On a division,
The PRESIDING OFFICER decided that the
motion was lost.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays; but
they weie not ordered.
SETH M. LEAVENWORTH.
Mr. RUSK. The Commi'tce on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the legal representatives of Seth M. Leaven-
worth, have instructed me to report a joint reso-
lution for their relief. I hope it will be acted upon
now. It merely requires the execution of a law.
The joint resolution was read twice, and con-
sidered asm Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to diiect the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury
to examine and ascertain the amount of damages
which may have been due to Leavenworth under
the provisions of a joint resolution for his relief,
passed August 6, 1846, to allow twelve months to
his legal representatives to file proof in regard to
it, and to direct that the amount found to be due,
be paid to them.
Mr. CHASE. I asfefor the reading of the re-
port accompanying thTjoint resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope it. will be laid over.
We have not time for that now. We should take
up the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. RUSK. One word of explanation will
setde the matter, and prevent the necessity of
i-aliin<* it up again. A resolution was passed in
184t>,°requirii)g the Postmaster General to settle
certain damages for a violation of a contract with
