1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
Congress, by any act, to deprive men of the right
guarantied to them by a treaty, because our or-
ganic law expressly declares that a treaty shall be
the supreme law of the land.
Mr. HOWE. I am well aware that no legis-
lation of ours here can contravene a treaty stipu-
lation. But when we are legislating to give grants
of land to certain persons, it does not follow that
we shall necessarily, by implication, under that
treaty, extend them to all persons.
Mr. DISNEY. The real point of difference
in the present discussion involves a mere matter
of phraseology, which can be easily corrected.
Something has been said about negroes being cit-
izens of some of the States of this Union.
This is not the occasion for me to go into an
argument upon this subject, but I shall content
myself with the general declaration, that, in my
judgment, it j.s not competent for any State of this
Union to declare negroes citizens within the mean-
ing of the term as used in the Constitution of the
United States. Any of the States may extend to
them the privileges of citizenship within the limits
of their respective States, but those privileges can
have no existence beyond the jurisdiction of these
States. They cannot confer upon them those
franchises and capabilities which will bring them
within the meaning of the Constitution, and which
will extend to them the right of citizenship within
the other States of the Union.
I will say to the committee that I do not pro-
pose to discuss this point. It is sufficient for my
purpose to call the attention of the committee to
the facts. The only point involved now is,
whether the provisions of this bill shall be ex-
tended to negroes or limited to white men? Now
I, for one, believe, as the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] stated yesteiday, that this
is a Government of white men—carried on by
white people, and for white people.
1 have no disposition to enlarge the original ob-
jects of the framersof the Government. It is not
law, nor policy to do so. And notwithstanding
the fine moral essay which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Smith] delivered here this morn-
ing1—nil of which is very fine m story, but very
little of which has anything to do with the prac-
tical affciirs of this lile—1, for one, shall insist on
the limitation of the original bill to American cit-
izens. The amendment now pending before the
■committee proposes to exclude the woid "Amer-
ican," and limit the advantages of the bill to white
male citizens, and to those over twenty-one years
of age, who have declared their intentions to be-
come citizens, and who are in the Territory.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
the adoption of that amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mi. Djsnky] be kind enough to answer me an
inquiry 15
Mr. DISNEY. Yes.
• Mr. HOWE. I want to know whether, in the
view of the gentleman from Ohio, all persons re-
siding m the province of New Mexico are to be
entitled, under the terms of this act, to the lands
donated by the provisions of the bill? Or, m
other words, will the bill operate practically tu
exclude all peihons who were formerly Mexican
citizens from the advantages ot the act?
Mr. DISNEY. The bill, in express terms, ex-
tends to every white male citizen of the United
States. It is for the Supreme Court to decide
whether, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
these Mexican citizens are now citizens of the
United States.
Mr. HOWE. I would observe to the gentle-
man that the amendment oOeied by him to my
amendment, still retains the word ''American."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania[Mr. Howe]
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has
modified his amendment by striking out the word
" American."
Mr. HOWE. Oh, very well; 1 got the im-
pression that I had from reading the report of
yesterday's proceedings in the Globe.
Mr. DISNEY. Weil, then, the report in the
Globe must be wrong.
Mr. WADE. At the time the question was
before the House and committee on the home-
stead bill, I forbore to make any remarks justify-
ing my vote, or what would have been my vote, if
I had been in the House when the bill was finally
passed, in opposition to that word ** white.'' Arid
I take this opportunity now to express my views
on that subject, which, I believe, correspond with
those of nineteen twentieths of my constituents,
of whatever party they may have been, or are
still, members. It has been said here by gentle-
men that they understood that this was a white
Government. Well, I did not suppose that the
Government had any particular color.
Mr. DISNEY. Oh, yes, it has.
Mr. WADE. I had myself supposed that it
was rather a human Government*, and, m my
judgment, if it be a human Government, it must
extend to all human beings, it was said by the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] yes-
terday, and he opened his speech on this matter
by saying, that this is a white man's Government,
or words equivalent to that, and that he supposed
it was made for the white people. Now 1 find,
by examining the gentleman's district, that he
represents thirty-thiee thousand and odd white
people, and ninety-four thousand and odd colored
people.
Well, sir, 1 do not understand what this Gov-
ernment, as a Government, has to do with the
color of any man, because 1 do not know that I
should be orthodox as to color, if the question
were brought down to a question of strict church
discipline, according to the opinions of the Demo-
ciatic and Whig deacons here, I cannot tell how
1 should come out under such an ordeal.
But this one thing is certain, and that is, that
the intent of this Government is to be gathered
from the Constitution of the United States itself.
Now, I deny that the most ardent strict construc-
tionist can find anything therein which gives color
to this notion that it is a colored government; that
is, a white, or no-colored, Government, or a black
colored Government. The Constitution says
nothing about any tribe or race of men; it speaks
of persons, and whoever bears that character is
a memhei of the Government, if born within us
territory.
Now, if gentlemen will convince me that a black
man is not a person, then I will admit that he is
not entitled to any of the privileges, or any of the
benevolence of this Government. But if he is a
person, then he comes within the purview of the
Constitution of the United States; and if the Con-
stitution has spoken of slaves, it has not spoken
of them as colored persons. The Constitution
throws its protection around the slaveholder as
much when he gets a white man within his grasp
as it does when he gets the black man—and that
is no protection at all. It gives no countenance to
slavery. There is nothing in the Constitution that
has aught to do with the color of a free man, or
with the color of a slave.
Well now, sir, what ought we to do in view of
the fact that there are some five hundred thousand
free people of color among us? What ought the
slaveholder to do 5 To throw open these Terri-
tories, and peimit the colored man to depart from
the Slates which oppress him, and locate himself
wheie he can have the opportunity to prove his
equality with the whites, or make his inequality
manifest beyond controversy.
Now, it is a strange thing to me that men of
intellect, and men of benevolence—for I take it
that we are such all of us—should be legislating
to protect the strong and to oppress the weak. The
strong man can take care of himself. If any
one needs protection, it is the weak, not the
strong. But how do you prove your superiority ?
Are not idiots your inferiors? Are not minor
children your inferiors? Your legislation in re-
spect to those unfortunates is humane, gentle,
merciful—why then not treat the black at least
with equal kindness
But the colored man does not ask your benevo-
lence until you have done him justice; nor for
your mercy until he has subjected himself to some
righteous penalty; and this bill is blacker with in-
justice than the negro's skin. It donates large
tracts of land to the rich. The white man with
millions, is the object of your bounty, while the
| poor black man is insultingly denied this simple
i gratuity. Sir, I cannot, I will not support a
measure which thus outrages every sense of right,
j There is another feature of this bill to which I
I object. It is to its exclusion of all foreigners from
its bounty who are not now in the territory, and
hence is but partial in its provision, and inade-
quate to the exigencies of the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The time at which de-
bate was to be closed upon this bill, by an order
of the House, has arrived, and no further discus-
sion is in order.
Mr. WADE. In order to allow me to finish
my remaiks, J move an amendment, and that is,
to strike out the word ''white."
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is not in
order. There are already two amendments pend-
ing—an amendment to an amendment. The
question recurs upon the adoption of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney]
to the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Howe.] The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio is to strike out the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
insert in lieu thereof the words " white male citi-
zens of the United States, or every white male
above the age of twenty-one years who has
declared his intention to become a citizen, and
removed to," &c.
Mr. ORR. I ask for tellers upon the question,
as it seems to be a test question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Campbell appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 7G; a further count not being demanded.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment, as amended.
Mr. COBB. I ask the Chair to explain the
state of the question. Must not the question be
taken upon tne amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe5]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
moved to strike out the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and to insert his own
amendment. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, therefore, having been adopted, that of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is stricken out.
Mr. COBB. 1 do not see how that can be
stricken out which has never been inserted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is the amend-
ment now amendable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is open to amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to strike out the
woid " white."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. 1 ask the Chair whether the word "white,"
having been inserted by the committee, it is ill
order to strike it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ofthe opin-
ion that it is not m order. It will be in order to
move to add to the amendment, but not to strike
out.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the Chair
respectfully, whether this amendment, having been
inserted as a whole, it is not in order to move to
amend by striking out some part of it? The com-
mittee have decided that they prefer the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, as a whole, to
that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but they
have not, as I understand it, decided that they
prefer the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
as offered by htm to that amendment, amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has not
yet decided that it prefers the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio to the language of the ori-
ginal bill. That is the question which is now-
pending before the committee. When amotion
is made and carried to strike out and insert, it is
not in order to move to strike out any portion of
11 that which has been inserted. It would be in
j] older for the gentleman to move to add to that
1 which has been inserted.
!j Mr. WASHBURN. Then I move to add.
ji after the word "white," the words "or col-
li ored." 1 hope, Mr. Chairman, very much for
j the sake of right and justice, and something for
;j the credit of Congress and the country, that the
j amendment will prevail.
ij Mr. SEWARD. Has not the general debate
closed on this bill? If it has, is the gentleman in
.. order?
j! The CHAIRMAN. The general debate has
I' closed, and the five minutes debate has just com-
;; menced.
Mr. WASHBURN. The effect of the bill, if
p passed as amended by the gentleman from Ohio,
,j will be to exclude, as I understand, many people
who were born on the soil, and born free, from
the rights of citizenship and from the rights which
are granted to others, to strangers, natives of
other States, and other lands.
