THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1854.
New Series....No. 68.
And besides, sir, in many of the northern States,
in, I believe, all the New England States, black
men are freemen and citizens, entitled by the con-
stitution and lawa of such States to all the rights,
privileges, immunities, and franchises of white
men. The Constitution of the United States, as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe]
said, guarantees to the citizens of one State equal-
ity of rights with the citizens of any other State.
I maintain that the bill, if passed in its present
form, would be in derogation of the Constitution
of the United States. Maine, Massachusetts, and
Vermont, and other northern States have, by their
laws, passed, in the exercise of their own sover-
eignty—as many of the gentlemen from the Soutli
like to call it—declared that black men may be
citizens of those States.
Wehaveheard,in the discussion which has taken
place on the Nebraskaand Kansas question, a great
deal from southern gentlemen m reference to the
doctrine of the equality of rights. We imvebeen
told often and again that the southern slaveholders
have a right to go with what the Legislatures of
theirsovereign States have declared to be property,
chattels, into the Territories of the United States.
And they tell us that there is no power—no power
in this Congress, in this Government in, the Terri-
tories—nopowerunder the sun,which can exclude
them from going with their property into the Terri-
tories of the United States, that which their local
laws have made property. They say that if Con-
gress pass laws for such exclusion, it invades
their rights and insults their people; and yet they
tell us that Congress shall, by law, exclude the
citizens of our States, citizens by our laws, from
going into these Territories'—thus placing the man
below the thing. This is equality of rights with
a witness; and what a miserable humbug doctrine
it is, as practically interpreted by those who in-
vented it.
Mr. BOYCE. Are not free negroes excluded
by the constitutions of several of the northern
States from coming within their limits?
Mr. WASHBURN. That may be true; and
if they are to be excluded from going within the
confines of these Territories, what are you going
to do with them ? Are you going to drive them
from God's earth? Where shall they live? Will
you break those you have bent before?
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Maine
asks, if you exclude these free blacks from the
Territories of the United States, what are you to
do with them? What does this demonstrate?
That our rights have been violated, our slaves se-
duced from^us under the pretense of freedom by
certain persons in the free States; and then, after
our slaves have been taken, we are asked by some
members from these free States, to let them take the
public land on which to settle them.
Now, sir, as to the question of property, made
by th gentleman, the gentleman says we claim
the right to carry our slaves to these Territories,
and he asks upon what ground we oan pi event
these persons from going there as citizens. Why,
sir, has the gentleman not sufficient subtlety of
perception to perceive the difference between per-
sons and property ? Does he not perceive that we
may have the right to take our slaves into the
Territories as property, and yet deny the right of
citizenship to the blacks as persons ? Sir, if it is
not plain enough without argument, argument
cannot make it plainer.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the citizen of South
Carolina has a right to go into the Territories of
the United States with his negroes as chattels, by
virtue of his local laws, I ask the gentleman by
what right Congress, under the Constitution, can
exclude citizens—made citizens by the laws of
sovereign States of the North—from going there
as citizens ?
Mr. KEITT. I said, Mr. Chairman, yester-
day, that this was a Government of white men.
I believe in the sovereignty of the States, and I
have no objection to any State making any one a
citizen whom it pleases. But these Territories
belong to the whole of the States. Here is an in-
stitution vital to us and our Government, based
68
upon races. If then, you carry these colored,per-
sons into the Territories, giving them there the
status of citizenship, you indirectly assail our in-
stitutions by affirming, through legislation, the
equality of the races, which we deny in the very
beginning. Any State may determine the stains
of citizenship within her limits, but the Federal
Government can recognise none but whites as
people. This property is common. If Maine
chooses to establish black citizenship, I have no
objection, and if Maine had any territory belong-
ing to her exclusively, I should have no objection
to her establishing that status there. But this ter-
ritory being common to us ail, and there being a
fundamental difference in the South between white
and black, socially and politically, to go no fur-
ther, I do maintain that if these northern States
insist upon black citizenship there, they violate
the Constitution, and attempt to circumvent ahd
indirectly destroy that institution which is vital
to us.
And now let me auk a question of the member
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who indulged in a hom-
ily just now. ! want to know whether in the
Stale of Ohio black men vote? I want to know,
also, whether in the Stale of Ohio blacks and
whites intermarry?
Mr. WADE. Why, it is just as they please
about that.
Mr. KEITT. Well, the white man who mar-
ries a black woman must be so degraded that even
such a connection will elevate him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must, call the
gentleman from South Carolina to order. The con-
dition of affairs in Ohio is notunder consideration.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash*
hfrm's amendment to the amendment; and it was
rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 moveto amend theamend-
ment by inserting after the word "while" the
words *• or more than half white." [Laughter.]
I offer that amendment in behalf of u laige
class of individuals, "who inhabit many of the
States of the Union, and who have less than half
colored blood in their veins. Among them are
some of the most worthy Democrats in the coun-
try. [Laughter.] They are the direct descend-
ants of Thomas Jefferson, the great apostle of
American Democracy. Men and women, who are
the direct descendants of that great statesman, are
not permitted to go into this territory and take
their land like other persons, or like common peo-
ple. [A laugh.] Sir, let it be known that our
Northern Democrats—the lovers of liberty, the
admirers of this founder of their party—will now
vote to shut out from this Territory his descend-
ants.
In this city there are said to be several descend-
ants of one as illustrious as a woman as Jef-
ferson was for a statesman—grand-children of
Martha Washington—who are as white as I am.
Are we prepared to say they shall be excluded
from participating in the benefits of this act? 1
beg gentlemen of the committee to consider, re-
flect, and pause before they attempt to make such
an unjust exclusion as this. Why, it would al-
most depopulate some of your southern States,
were they to exclude this class of people. They
could not be represented here by as numerous a
delegation as they now are—States that have a
larger proportion of colored than of white people.
The gentleman over the way [Mr. Keitt] says
that this Government is a Government of white
people. Am I to tell that gentleman that the fram-
ers of the Constitution were elected by colored
men in part; that one of t he southern States of this
Union sent Delegates here by the vote of colored,
as wellas white men. Ideny the position assumed
by the gentleman from South Carolina that this
is a Government of white people. Those men,
elected in part by votes given by colored men, de-
clared that they framed the Constitution, which
is now the great charter of our liberties, for them-
selves and their offspring—that is, the offspring of
those who elected them, black as well as white
men. *
Mr. KEITT. No.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is more than
two thirds colored himself, if you take the color
of the people of his district as the criterion of his
complexion. [Laughter.] Why, sir, the dele-
gation from South Carolina represent a greater
number of colored than of white people. Now, will
the gentleman be so ungrateful to the people, by
virtue of whose existence he holds his seat, here,
as to exclude them from all participation in the
lands of this Territory? I trust not; it strikes me
as being cruel, inhuman, and unjust. The day has
come when men are looking to humanity, and not
to color; to the principles of justice and righteous-
ness, rather than to low and unworthy prejudices;
to the discharge of duties, rather than to the grat-
ification of feelings of oppression, unworthy of a
civilized people.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to withdraw the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
asks leave of the committee to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object, as I wish to say
a very few words myself about this matter. I
do not wish to participate in a discussion of this
sort at all, but merely to say a word in reply to
the jeer thrown out by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] who 1 understood as say-
ing that the white race in Ohio would be improved
by intermarrying with negroes. 1 desire to say,
in behalf of the white citizens of the State of
Ohio, that they are not in the habit of intermar-
rying with blacks, though it is there as it is in
other States—a mere matter of taste. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina, I suppose, thinks,
as I confess I do, that it is a very high offense
against correct taste to intermarry with blacks;
and I merely rise—and I shall not consume much
of the time of the committee in so doing—to pu
this inquiry to the honorable member: If the whites
do not intermarry with the blacks in his district,
in what way can he explain the fact consistently,
with a correct state of morals, that there are so
many mulatto people there? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] is out of order.
Mr. KEITT. I answer the gentleman 
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] is out of order, as the de-
bate has closed upon the amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gid-
dings's amendment; and it was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cork] yesterday.
Mr. COBB. The amendment applies to the
fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth lines of the
second section. It is simply to amend the bill so
as to extend its provisions to citizens by granting
only one hundred and sixty, instead of three hun-
dred and twenty acres.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Chairman, there is a fourth
amendment which I wish to propose to the second
section, and which takes precedence of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Alabama. It
is to strike out of the fourth line the words " re-
moved to, and," so as to make it read:
" Eveiy white citizen of the United States, or who has
declared Ihh intention to become a citizen, over the age ot
twenty-one years, who was residing in said Territory," &c.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr, Chairman, the word
(4 American" occurs again in the ninth line. I
propose to amend 
Mr. PARKER, (interrupting.) I have an
amendment to propose in the sixth line, which
takes precedence of that which thegentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes to offer, i propose to in-
sertafter the word fifty-three" the words "and
who may be still resident theie." I do not know
what was the object of framing the bill in this
way; but I suppose it was to encourage the settle-
ment of the Territory. I imagine that if an esti-
mate had been made on the 1st day of January,
1853, it svould be found that there was a large
number of persons residing in the Territory of
