1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
New Mexico at that time who have since removed
away. And it would certainly be wrong to allow
to come now and obtain the privileges and bene-
fits of this bill, individuals who thus left, and never
expect to return. Under the provisions of this
bill, these persons would have a right to come for-
ward and receive these lands—a section in one in-
stance, and a half section in another. If that was
the object of the committee in framing this bill,
it will not work well; but I suppose that it was
not the intention of the framers to give any such
privilege to the persons to whom I refer.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that the bill proposes only to
donate to the parties who occupy and cultivate the
land for not less than four years.
Mr. PARKER. Yes; but that, Mr. Chair-
man, cannot alter the state of the case. There is,
I know, a phrase m the next paragraph in rela-
tion to the actual settlement and cultivation ofthe
land for no less than four years. But this clause
does not apply to the point. And the gentleman
from Ohio will observe, on reading the bill, that
this does not apply to the clause in which I pro-
pose to inseit the amendment that 1 have sent to
the Clerk's desk. The next paragraph applies
exclusively to those who come there until the year
1858.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the adoption of the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Parker.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFKER. Is it in order, Mr.
Chairman, to move an amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. ZOLLICOPPER. Then I propose to
amend by striking out all the words between the
word "what," m the fourth line, and the word
"shall," in the tenth line.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion cannot be
entertained. It is not an amendment to the
amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Parker; and it was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs now
upon the amendment ottered by (he gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. 1 wish to explain what my amend-
ment is, that it may be fully understood. It re-
lates entirely to the quantity of acres, and is to
strikeout " three hundred and twenty acres,"and
insert in lieu thereof " one hundied and sixty
acres," throughout. That is the object of the
amend ment.
I would remark, further,that as we have in the
homestead hill fixed the time of actual occupancy
and cultivation to five years, I think we had bet-
ter make the provisions of this hill conform to
that; and, therefore, that the woid " four," in the
sixteenth line of this second section, should be
changed to " five."
Mr. DISNEY. The provision of the bill in
relation to the quantify of land is one in the
formation of which I had but little share. I as-
sented to it because it brings this bill, in this re-
spect, in conformity to like provisions m reference
to other Territoues of the Union. The same
reasons which have heretofore induced Confess
to make grants of this sort to other Territories
apply wuli equal foice to the Temtory of New
Mexico, nay, with more force than they did to
those other Territoiles. The reason is this, that
there are ley* inducements in that Teiritory to in-
vite emigration within its bound.s than there is m
the Terrritory of Oregon. Less inducements, I
say. On the other hand, again, the obvious policy
of the Government id much more urgent to in-
duce emigration to the Territory of New Mex-
ico than to the other Territories. Whatever of
population is there is mostly foreign born; and
it is important to the Government to Ameiican-
ize that Territory, and to infuse into it rapidly,
and at an early period as possible, as large a por-
tion ot American feeling, American tendencies, and
American instincts and disposition as possible.
In several points of view, then, it is the policy
of the Government to hold out inducements to
American emigration within the limits of this
Temtory. Hence the provisions of this bill
granting donations to actual settlers only. I again
repeat, that the natural inducements to emigra- ,
i tion io New Mexico are infinitely inferior to those
! which exist in regard to Oregon. Look at the
; facts. "What emigration has gone to New Mex-
| ico, or what emigration is now going there, in
, comparison to that which has gone to Oregon?
; The tacts speak for themselves. They speak more
eloquently and forcibly than any thing which i can
| present to this House.
1 The military policy of the Government also de-
! mands an early Americanization of thepopulation
I of New Mexico. And in the absence of the
ordinary natuial inducements, which operate to
j encourage emigration, there is an increasedneces-
j eity of making these donations more liberal than
; those which have been made in regard to the other
- Territories.
i One word more in regard to the question of
time during which actual settlement and cultiva-
tion is required. Four years was the time fixed
j m reference to the Territory of Oregon, and the
| provision of this bill is precisely the same m that
respect.
j Mr. KEITT. A few moments ago the gentle-
1 man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] 
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
J the gentleman that fuither debate is not m Older
I upon this amendment.
J The Chair would ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Comij if his amendment is to strike
i out " three hundred and twenty acres" wherever
i it occurs, and to substitute "one hundred and
sixty acres" in Ju-u thereof?
Mr. COBB. That is my amendment.
; Mr. KEITT. Is debate in order now?
| The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The question
I must first betaken upon the amendment of the
| gentleman from Alabama.
j Mr. KEITT. 1 desire to offer an amendment,
j I move to strike out "one hundred and sixty"
; and insert " one hundied and forty."
, The member fiom Ohio, Mr. Chairman 
! The CHAIRMAN, The Chair must inform
j the gentleman from South Caiolma m the outlet
i that he must confine his remarks to .showing why
jj " one hundred and sixty "should be stricken out,
ji and " one hundied and foity" inserted.
I] Mr. KlETl1. Yes,sir. Mr. Chairman, in my
ii inteicourse here and elsewhere, 1 am m the habit
I of being courteous to every man who understands
,i the ordinary civilities of intercourse; but when an
j indecent inquiiy is made of me, I tieat it as su<-h,
1 and never do it m a manner to be mistaken. The
j member from Ohio [Mr. Campijell] asked me a
j question m relation to morals. My answer is
j this: If they are there, 1 might fay that 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the gen-
l tleman from South Carolina to order,
i Mr. KEITT. • If they are there, 1 might say
; that Free Soil schoolmasteis and clock venders
! had much to do with the condition of things of
, which the member speaks.
] The CHAIRMAN. TheChair again calls the
gentleman from South Carolina to cider. The
' gentleman must confine himself to an explanation
; of the amendment.
j Mr. KEITT. Well, sir, if I cannot reply to
i the gentleman from Ohio, 1 have nothing more
1 to say.
1 Mr. CAM PBFIitj. Oh! I hope thegentleman
from South Carolina will be allowed full latitude
! m his temarks,and that I may be permitted to
i reply.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is bound to
j enforce the iules.
' Mr. KEITT. 1 withdraw my amendment,
i Mr. CAMPBELL. I was about to object to
1 the withdrawing of that amendment. 1 should
like to hear all the gentleman may have to say.
The CHAIUM '\N. The Chair calls the gen-
tleman from Ohio to order. The amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina has been with-
drawn, and no discussion is in order.
The question was taken; and Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I desire to add a proviso at
' the end of the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama which has just been adopted.
Mr. COBB. I desire to inquire, at this point,
; whether my amendment applies to more than one
clause of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not.
Mr. COBB. 1 suppose the fouiteenth line will
have to bm amended to conform with the amend-
ment the committee has just adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
such alterations will be made as are neoessaiy to
make the remainder of the section conform to the
amendment which has been adopted.
There was no objection; and the order was
made.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I now desire to add a pro-
viso at the end of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment will be
in order, unless there be other amendments to be
o'fleied to preceding portions ofthe section.
Mr. ZOLLICOKFER. 1 have an amendment
to offer to a preceding portion of the section. 1
move to strike out from the word 4< who," in the
fourth line, to the word "shall," in the twenty-
fourth line, as follows:
" Kemoved to ami wa« reading in said Territory prior to
the l>t day of January, there «hnl! hp, and hereby is,
donated one hall M-ction, or ihrey hundred and uveal \ acres
«>f land, ifsuiifJe ; hut if mmned.one section, or hx han-
dled and forty acres. And to each white male Ainmioan
citizens who shall*'—
So that the clause of the section would read:
" That to every white maie American citizen ofthe Uni-
ted States, or who has decf.ired in* internum la become
moh, over the a«o of uventj one years, who *h;iH remove
to and settle in -aid Tei ruory between the Kt day ul Janu-
ary, and the 1st day of January, IfTtf, thrre shall in
hke manner he donated one quarter r-eotion, or one hun-
died and sixty acre*, if a songle man, or, i( married, one
half section, oi tinee hundred and twenty acres, on condi-
tion or actual settlement and cultivation for not less than
I'ouryeais."
The CII AIRMAN. That motion is in order.
Mr. ZOLLI COFFER. Mr. Chairman, if I
understand the policy of the bill, or the reasons
upon which the bill is based, which are likely to
press themselves for the approbation of this com-
mittee, they are that the b?II is intended to pro-
mote emigration to the Territory of New Mexico.
If that is the object, 1 am not able to discover
the propriety of making donations of lands to
those who had emigrated to the Territory pr/orto
the year 1853, or prior to the present time. If the
amendment be adopted, the bill will provide for
giving lands to those who may hereafter emigrate
to the Teiritory of New Mexico. If the bill be
so amended, I shall be willing to vote for it. It
does seem to me that there is no propriety in
giving huge amounts of public land to those who
have heretofore emigrated to the Territory.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. WASflBURNK, of Illinois. With the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio, I will
suggest an amendment in the ninth line, so that
the bill will read, if it he adopted, as follows:
"Eveiy citizen of the United States, or every
person who shall have declared his intention to
become a citt/.en of the State?."
Mr. DISNEY. That is right. There is no
objection to the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. LANE. If the amendment be adopted,
will it be m order to move to amend the bill where-
ever it provides for a discrimination between
mat tied and unmanied men 3
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Oie.gon that the amendment
ndi.ptfd on the motion of the gentleman fiom
Alabama does away with the disciimination to
which he refers. The quantity of land' to be
granted has been redu<ed fiom six hundied and
foity to three hundied and twenty acres.
Mr LANK. 1 do not want to see any dis-
crimination made between mamed and unmar-
ried men. I am glad that it has been done away
with as (he Chair indicates.
The CM AI R.vl A N. The question now is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. W vsiibuun'E,] to make the sect/on, m the
ninth line, (onesoond with the first, second, and
third linfi, as thev have been amended.
Air. Vv ASHIU'RNE. Let that be my amend-
ment, though the Chan* does not exactly slate it
as I introduced it at first.
Mr DISNEY. As the Chair stated it I think
it is be*>t.
The question was then taken; snd Mr. Wash-
burxh's amendment was adopted.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to Kay but a word. I
have spoken of the necessity of making donations
to induce emigration to this Territory. Thegen-
tleman fiom Alabama [Mr. Cobb] has already
reduced the amount of the donation made to those
who ermgiated to the Territory prior to 3853.
The pending motion is to strike out that donation
altogether. It seems to be natural that those who
