366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
mittee of "Ways and Means, who, I understand,is
not unfriendly to the appropriation, but who thinks
that the subject would more appropriately and
properly come up when we come to the cons der-
ation of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Now, sir, for the purpose of not embarrassing j
the Committee of Ways and Means, and with a I
view to offering the amendment to the civil and
diplomatic bill, where it will very properly come
in, and where, I understand, an appropriation is
recommended by the Secretary, ana with the con-
sent of my colleague, who is not now in his seat,
and who, I suppose, is detained from the House
by sickness, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BOYD offered the following amendment:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Paducah,
Kentucky, $o,000.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the collection of agricultural statistics, and the pur-
chase 01 seeds, to be paidout of the patent fund, §10,000.
Soon after the commencement of the present
fiscal year propositions were made by the Com-
missioner of Patents to foreign Governments for a
reciprocal exchange of seeds, which in many cases |
were accepted, and, as far as possible, has been j
carried into effect. To complete all the arrange- i
ments thus enteied into a further appropriation is j
required. The small appropriation of $5,000 ap- j
propriated at the last session of Congress, a por- j
tion of which has already been expended, leaves j
the amount necessary to carry out this arrange- ;
rnent wholly inadequate to the wants of the De- ]
partment.
I think that the agricultural interest, which,
without protection, protects all other interests,
and which furnishes employment for four fifths of
our entire population, may, wiili gieat propriety,
ask for this small amount, to enable the Commis-
sioner of Patents to furnish the requisite seeds for
early distribution. In my judgment, no betteruse ,
can be made of a portion of the public fund, and i
one which would be more acceptable to the great j
body of our citizens, than the improvement and j
increase of the products of our soil. I did intend ;
to have asked for a larger appropriation, but upon
consulting with the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, his advice was, that it would \
be proper to ask no more than was necessary to !
meet the present wants of the Department, and '
leave the appropriation for the coming year to be I
settled when the general appropriation bill should
come up.
Mr. JONES, *)f Tennessee, it does seem to
me that those who have had any experience in
  this thing of getting seeds from the Patent Office,
and distributing them, will acknowledge that of
all humbugs of the day this is one of the most
bald and pei feet humbugs ever got up by Congress
and the Patent Office combined. Of all the seed
which have been distributed here by the Patent
Office, there is not one package out of ten, in the
first place, that will ever come up at all; find then
not more than one tenth of those that do come up
will ever prove beneficial to the region to which
they are sent.
1 agree with the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Clark] entirely, that it is a laudable and praise-
worthy object to improve and promote the agri-
cultural interests of the country; but how can it
best be doge? Leave to individuals to select their
own seeds, and then those who pay for them will
receive them; but here appropriate ten, fifteen,
twenty, fifty, or one hundred thousand dollars for
the purpose of getting seeds through the Patent
Office, and you make it, at best, a mere election-
eering fund, appropriated to members who may
distribute them. They send them to their favor-
ites, and the great body of the people get ncne of
them at all; and, sir, it is a system of partiality
and favoiitism which, in my opinion, should not
be practiced or recognized by this Government.
How do they get the seeds at the Patent Office ?
They get them, perhaps, from some establishment
in Philadelphia, which raises most of them, and
collects the others from the different parts of the
country; give them, through the Patent Office,
to members of Congress, and they are perhaps
sent back to the very pails of the country fiom
which they were selected by the establishment at
Philadelph ia.
As I before said, many of them, from some
cause or other, never come up, and have not a ten-
dency even to fertilize the soil in which they are
planted. I hope this thing will be stopped.
Those who want them can find out where they ,
are to be procured, and collect those adapted to j
their particular localities much better than mem- j
bers of Congress, or any establishment in Phila- ;
delphia, New York, or any other place can. I !
hope the amendment will be voted down, and that j
this thing of getting seeds, and scattering them j
over the country in this manner, will be stopped, j
The amendment was again reported to the com-
mittee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to increase
the appropriation $500.
1 understand, Mr. Chairman, from the state- .
ment of the gentleman from Michigan on my ;
left, (Mr. Clark,] who, I believe, is a member of .
the Committeeon Agriculture, that thesum speci- ^
fied in his amendment is absolutely necessary to
carry out the policy adopted the last session of j
Congress, and of the previous session, for supply- j
ing this Department of the Government with the '
means necessary to collect statistical information, .
and useful seeds for the country. |
I disagree with the gentleman from Tennessee j
[Mr. J ones j in the remarks made by him, to the
effect that this distribution of seeds is an entirely
useless operation. The five yeais during which
I have occupied a seat upon this floor, I have re-
ceived, as every other member of Congress has,
seeds from this agricultural bureau, which have
proved of great value to the section of the country
which I have the honor to represent. We have
had wheat from the Mediterranean, and various
other parts of Europe; wheat from California,
seeds from South America, and various other
parts of the globe; which, by transplanting and
cultivating in this country, introduces better and
more useful products than we are in the habit of
cultivating at home. It encourages experiments
among our fanners, and is productive of very
great good.
Sir, what is the little sum now proposed to be
appropriated ? That great portion of the American
people wno constitute the principal part of our
population; whose prosperity makes the prosper-
ity of this Union; who pay your taxes; who up-
hold your civil list, your Army and your Navy;
who are to pay the $51,000,000 which I see the
Secretary of the Treasury estimates as necessary
to carry on the various Departments of the Gov-
ernment; to this large class of people what is this
paltry sum of #5,000? It will he of very great
service to them; and I, for one, hope this House
will not withhold it.
The object of the gentleman from Michigan is
a very good one. It is to scatter statistical inform-
ation, and to procure rare and useful seeds from
foreign countries, and from every section of the
country, for distribution among the agricultural
population of the country. I have the honor to
represent an agricultural district—one as deeply
interested in such pursuits as any in the United
States. The farmers of that part of the country
receive seeds, especially when brought from for-
eign countries or from remote parts of the Union,
with pleasure and profit,and they cultivate them,
and dispense them beneficially among their neigh-
bors.
I hope this small appropriation will not be with-
held. On every proper occasion I shall advocate
liberal appropriations for upholding the Agricul-
tural Bureau of the Department of the Interior.
I think there should be a separate Agricultural
Bureau—one which should collect and distribute
| statistical information, and publish the valuable
| reports of agricultural societies. Such a bureau
1 has been recommended by every President of the
' United States from Washington down to the pres-
| ent, but Congress has never yet thought proper
j to establish it. I think that it ought to be estab-
j lished, and that the farmers of the country ought
| to be aided in every proper and suitable manner,
j Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will occupy enough time,
| to prevent any one else from consuming five
j minutes in opposing this amendment, to enable
' me to make a suggestion to the gentleman who
] offered this amendment. I understand that the
appropriation sought is £10,000, for the purchase
of seeds and the distribution of agricultural sta-
■ tistics. I think that it is too late to accomplish
much in the way of distributing seeds for the
ensuing spring. I speak, at least, for one very ex-
tensive region of agricultural country, when I say
that it is too late, and if we had seeds now we
, should not be able to send them to the south-
j western States in time for many of them to be
i successfully cultivated this year, I therefore sug-
gest to the gentleman from Michigan whether it
wouid not be better so to frame the language of
! his amendment as to authorize the collection of
j these seeds at a period early enough for the dis-
i tnbution to be made next fall, so that it may be
: made to the satisfaction of all parts of the coun-
' try, whereas now only the most northern regions
can get them in time for cultivation this year.
Mr. SAGE. I hope the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Clark] will not consent to withdraw his
amendment. It is not too late to distribute seeds
very generally throughout the whole country.
There may be a small portion that will not reap
any benefit  
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is remind-
ed that debate is exhausted on the amendment.
Mr. SAGE. I move, then, to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount of the appropria-
tion one dollar.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to an amendment already pending.
Mr. TAYLOR.. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the withdrawal of the amendment?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. Let us
vote upon it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. SAGE. I now move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar. I am not surprised at
seeing opposition to this proposition come from
the quarter it does. I was more surprised to learn
from the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Clark]
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had assented to an appropriation of
$10,000.
Sir, if there is any class of the people of this
country entitled to the protection of Congress it
is the agriculturists, the farmers. I am glad that
this amendment has been brought forward, and
instead of decreasing the amount, I hope that the
gentleman from Michigan will, at the proper
time, increase the amount to carry out the sugges-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
This system of distributing seeds may be a
" system of humbuggeryas the gentleman from
; Tennessee says it is, but if it is, there are a great
I many systems of humbuggery m our legislation
here, and I hope that this amendment may be
adopted. I think that it is one of the most meri-
torious brought forward for the sanction of the
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have made no opposition to
the amendment originally introduced. It proposes,
in my understanding of it, to make an appropria-
tion out of the Patent Office fund. The honorable
gentleman who presides as chairman in the com-
mittee having charge of that fund, I take it, is bet-
ter informedof its condition than 1 am; and, there-
fore, I interpose no opposition to the amendment
which he has submitted. I repeat what 1 have
already said, that m more than one half of the
States of this Union, and in much more than one
half of the agricultural portion of this country, it
is now too late to distribute any part of the seed
proposed to be provided for. If the seed were in
the Patent Office to-day, it would be too late to get
it at the various points where it is to be used.
Many of the seed, if in the hands of the cultivator
at this time, would be immediately put in the
ground.
I do not know what the committee may do with
the amendment. I am perfectly willing they should
adopt it, if it be their pleasure to do so.
Mr. HUNT. If through neglect it be too late
to serve one half of the country 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on the
amendment, and being an amendment in the second
degree further amendment is not in order.
The question was taken upon the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HUNT. I move to increase the appropri-
ation §500.
If it be too late, Mr. Chairman, to serve one
half of the country, is that a reason why we shall
