1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
because there are different grades of salaries, and
what woald you do with those who receive more
than any under the existing classification: We
cannot disturb the past, I think, without raising
some difficulty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest, before the matter is further dis-
cussed, that the amendment be read.
It was read. It is to insert, at the end of the
appropriations for the State Department, the fol-
lowing:
That rhe act approved the 22d April, 1854, entitled "An
act to amend the third section of *An act making appropri-
ations foi thecivil and diplomatic expenses of Government
foi ihf year ending the 30th of June, 1854,'and for other
pin poses," shall fob so coiiftrued as, in regard to increased i
compensation for the fiscal year ending the 30th of fune
!a=t, to include within its provisions the clerks of the
Dcpaitment of State; and that the chief clerk in that De-
paitmcnt shall leeeive the same compensation as the Chief
clerks m the other Departments of the Government tor the
last fiscal year; and that the money necessary to carry
these provisions into effect, is hereby appiopuated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CLAYTON". I think there can be no ob-
jection to that it is to provide for these clerks
for the last fiscal year. That is all. It carries out
the intention of the existing law which was mis- j
construed at the other end of the avenue. If the |
Senator from Virginia makes any objection, I shall 1
insists upon bringing forward the amendment j
when the Senator from Mississippi is here. He:
understands more fully all the facts connected
with it than I do; but unfortunately he is now out
of his seat.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to attempt :
more than we can carry in this bill. There is '
already liberal provision made for these clerks,
under the estimate and recommendation of the
Secretary of State, and I think we ought to stop
there. I believe the Senator will find that there is
difficulty in carrying out his plan, owing to the
difference in the ^radesof compensation, of which
1 have spoken. You cannot compensate them as
you can the classified clerks, because of the dif-
ferent grades of compensation. j
Mr.CLAYTON. I think there would be no
difficulty whatever. It is due from me to say i
that most of these clerks served under me while I !
was in the State Department, and a more faithful J
set of officers I never knew. Beyond all doubt
they perform quite as much labor as any other
clerks, and probably much more. The fact was,
that in consequence of the small force of the De-
partment, many of them were often called upon
by me, and, as I understand, by my successors,
to act as amanuenses and clerks, to perform duties
not attached to their particular positions in the
Department; and they did perform, consequently,
extia duties, for which they received nothing.
Ail they ask is to be put on the same footing with
the clerks of the other Departments. It is clearly
an act of justice.
Mr. HUNTER,. I thought this was offered
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, but I
learn not. How, then, does it come m order? Is
it from any committee?
Mr. CLAYTON. From the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to have the hon-
orable Senator explain how it happens that this
proposition to increase the compensation of these
clerks was not before the Committee on Retrench-
ment raised for that purpose, and why they did
not recommend the increase?
Mr. CLAYTON. I was unfortunate in not
being heard by the honorable Senator. They did
recommend it, and they did, as they thought,
draw the law so as to provide for this compensa-
tion. When the bill which has passsed both
Houses and become a law, was before the Senate
on a formeroccasion, I put the question to theSen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] and chair-
man of the Committee on Retrenchment, whether
the bill put the clerks in the State Department on
the same footing as the others, and he said, yes.
Afterwards, although the Attorney General was
clearly of opinion, and gave a long and elaborate
opinion on the subject, I am told that these clerks
ought to be placed on the same footing with the
others, yet in the Treasury Department he was
overruled, and they were not allowed to take the
position which Congress intended, and which the
committees of both Houses stated to the De-
partment they intended they should have under
the bill. This amendment now is only for the
purpose of carrying out the intent of Congress in
passing the law. if my friend from Indiana will
take thepains to look at the act as passed, he will,
I think, form the same opinion which 1 have
formed, and the same opinion which the commit-
tee formed in regard to it, and the same opinion
that was expressed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi on a former occasion: that these clerks are
entitled to the same compensation with other
clerks. The same opinion was also adopted by
the Attorney General. The sum is a small one;
but this is an act of justice; it should be paid to
these men. If there is any difficulty in regard to
it, I trust the amendment will be laid over until the
Senator from Mississippi can be heard about it.
If there is no objection, I hope it will be adopted
now.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I have
prepared an amendment for the purpose of carry-
ing out the intention and meaning of the act ap-
proved the 22d of April, 1854, by which it was
provided that 41 all clerks not provided for in this
act performing the same or similar duties with
any Qf the other classes, shall receive the same
compensation as is allowed to such class." Under
this there has been a good deal of difference of
opinion. '  
Mr HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from New Jersey that his amendment cannot be
entertained until some disposition be made of that
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. If the Sen-
ate will allow me, I will read my short amend-
' ment, and perhaps it may embrace what the Sen-
! ator from Delaware has in view. It is m these
| words:
! Jlml provided, That whenever clerks of the fir<t class
j shall perform the same or similar duties with elerk&of any
j one of the other clashes, thev* tdiall receive the same coin-
j pensatton as !.-> allowed to such class.
j It provides for a set of clerks who were for-
, merly calied temporary cletks, but by the bill of |
j the Senator from Virginia, they are now called, for
| the most part, clerks of the first class; and the
| term 44 temporary clerks" has been entirely done
i away with in the bill, as I understand it. Mv
j proposition is to provide that those clerks shall
| receive compensation in proportion to the services
: they perform. It is carrying out, in the very
| language, the intent of the act of April 29, 1854.
1 Mr. HUNTER. I will simply state that the
! amendments of the Committee on Finance were
in pursuance of the estimate, and recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Delaware, from the Committee on Retrenchment. |
Mr. RUSK. I propose to amend it by insert- j
ing after the words " State Department," the j
words (f clerks of the United States Coast Sur- I
j vey." They were excluded by a similar decision, !
I and receive much lower salaries, and perform, 1
| am told, heavier work than anybody else. Be-
j sides, there are but few of them.
[ Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the clerks
| in the Coast Survey Office are now arranged ac-
! cording to a scale which is founded upon a system
■ of promotion; and I understand that, although the <.
grade of salary is somewhat lower there than else- |
where, that system is working admirably, because I
they know they will be promoted according to '
merit. There is danger that any such amendment j
as this would disturb that scale. It might pro- \
duce such a scale of salary as to make the present j
arrangement no longer possible. I think there
would be some hazard at least in interfering with :
it. |
Besides that, I have another objection to this.
If we go on increasing the salaries of the officers
of the Coast Survey, where is the limit? We
have now before us petitions from officers in al-
most every custom-house in the Union, and from
all the navy-yards—we have petitions for a gen-
|i eral increase of salaries; and I think, sir, (Mr.
!; Badger in the chair,) you must recollect that in
II the Committee on Finance we determined that
11 there were so many of these petitions that the
j subject would have to be laid over until the next
|j session, when we should have to look into it as a
system, and see whether there be a necessity for
the general increase in salaries; for it amounts to
that. If we grant all the applications which are
made, many of them having quite as much merit
as this, we shall have to make a very general in-
crease of salaries. I think the whole subject had
better go over until the next session. We have
gone far enough when we make a distinction in
regard to the Executive officers. In arranging
them, it was perhaps right and proper that we
should equalize the salaries, and make some Just
arrangement in regard to them first. When that
object is accomplished, we may look abroad to
see wljgther anything more is necessary as to the
other wnicers.
Mr. RUSK. The first objection which the
honorable Senator takes to the amendment, is, that
it may disturb the order of promotion which is
now established in'the Coast Survey Office. There
is no danger of that, for my proposition simply
increases the salaries, and will make the higher
clerkships just as desirable as now. The relative
distinction will be precisely the same. But the
question is one of justice between the employees
m the State Department and in the Coast Survey
Office. A general law has been passed, to which
the honorable Senator himself contributed largely,
to increase the salaries of the clerks of the different
Departments. One reason given for that was, that
the expenses of living in the city of Washington
were very high, and that they had increased within
a few years past, so that the salaries of the clerks
were too low to enable them to meet the additional
expense which they had to incur. So far as the
State Department is concerned, I am uninformed;
but so far as the Coast Survey is concerned, I
know the same reason applies there, and with
much more potency, because these officers receive
lower salaries than those in any other Department.
I do not propose to put them on any extra footing,
but only on an exact equality with the clerks in
the other departments
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest this diffi-
culty. The force in the Coast Survey office is
composed partly of civilians and partly of officers
of the Army and Navy. How will you discrim-
inate? Will you give this increased pay to the
civilians and deny it to the officers of the Army
and Navy?
Mr. RUSK. The amendment confines it to the
clerks
Mr. HUNTER. "Why that discrimination?
Why give it to the clerks and not to the others,
who may be doing quite as much ?
Mr. RUSK. Because they have a larger salary
than the clerks.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
'to; and the amendment, as amended, was re-
jected.
Mr. COOPER. 1 move to amend the third sec-
tion, which has been inserted on the motion of the
Committee on Finance, by inserting between lines
fourteen and fifteen, "and in the fourth Auditor's
office, in class three, one clerk." This is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury.^ The
clerk proposed was left out of the bill."He is now
employed in the office, and the Auditor declares
that it will be altogether impossible to get along
without him.
Mr. GWIN. That is right. We will put it in.
Mr. HUNTER. There were two clerks that
were left out, but the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania extends to but one of them.
Both ought to go together.
Mr. COOPER. Then I will modify my amend-
ment by striking out " one clerk," and inserting
" two clerks."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer the following
amendment, to come in immediately after the
clause for office rent of the consulate at Zurich:
For payment to Blvthe &■ Co., of Port Louis, in the
Island Mauritius the sum of $7,854 50, it being tti« amount
of two bills of exchange drawn upon tlie Department of
State by George M. Farnum, commercial su;ent,m payment
of expenses incurred in relieving destitute American citi-
zens, which drafts were cashed by said Blythe St. Co.
The necessity for that appropriation, and one
of a similar character which I hold in my hand
to follow it, results from the existing state of things
in reference to the migration of our people. There
are annual appropriations, as we all know,' for
therehef^f destitute American seamen, but there
are noneior the relief of destitute American cit-
izens. They are now going into Australia and
California, and areoccasionally thrown into foreign
ports without the means of living. There were a
large number of American citizens thrown ashore.
