1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
not serve the other half? Shall the neglect, for a
tune, of one portion, prevent us doing what is
right at this time to the other portion? Is there
patriotism or good sense in that opposition?
When I heard of the gentleman's friendship I dis-
trusted it.
"Non tali auxilio,
Nec defensoribus istis, tempus eget."
Sir, we are here bound to promote the interests
of agriculture, and this is a proper way of doing
so. The gentleman who addressed ihe committee
proposes nothing, and opposes everything. In
the spint of economy, which is characteristic of
him, he opposes this measure. Why should he
oppose this measure? Js not agriculture one of
the great interests of the country, and will not this
measure have a tendency to promote it? If he
cries out abuse, why does he not put before the
public view those who are guilty of it? Abuse
is incident to ad human laws and institutions. It
is not the abuse of a law which should deter us
from doing what is right—which should prevent
us from passing the proposed appropriation.
1 did not intend to say a word when the original
amendment was introduced; but I did not like the
spirit in which things went on, and therefore rose,
first of all, to see that due privilege be accoided to
every member, without hurry, of speaking his
mind; and, secondly* to see that when gentlemen
are called friends of a measure, and they rise up
and oppose it, the committee look upon them m
the proper light. 1 Laughter.]
Mr HOUSTON. The gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Hunt] is very welcome to entertain
any opinion of my friendship he may please. That
is a matter which causes me no discontent. I pre-
sume other gentlemen of the committee undet stood
that 1 did not oppose the amendment. I made a
suggestion to the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee having charge of the Patent Office fund,
which, in my opinion, was right and proper. I
suggested that it was too iate in the winter to pro-
cure seeds for a proper distribution. Ah ! but the
gentleman says, if you cannot distribute to all of
the States, distribute them to all you can.
Now, sir, if this gentleman had reflected a little
further upon the subject he would have seen that
when we purchase seeds we purchase them for
different parts of the country. The seeds pur-
chased at this season of the year, for distribution
at the South, will be unfit for distribution next
winter. Many of them at that time will be unfit
for cultivation. Many of them would not germin-
ate if planted. You will see from this the object
of my suggestion.
1 have not opposed the appropriation, and I do
not intend to do it. I leave the business with the
committee who have the charge of it, and I am per-
fectly willing that with them the responsibility
should be left. I hope the House will take a vote
upon it, and consume no further time in the dis-
cussion of this subject.
Mr. CLARK. I stated,when I addressed the
House before, or intended to state, that the De-
partment had already assumed obligations in the
purchase of seeds. They have received from dif-
ferent European Government, at different times,
seeds of grams and grasses, which thereby has
imposed upon the Patent Office the obligation of
returning a like amount. In order to meet those
obligations they must purchase seeds and grain
to a considerableamount, for which they want an
appropriation.
They did this in pursuance of an appropriation
last yearof$5,000, and theappropriate Department
now recommends $10,000 as the least sum which
will answer the purposes of the Department.
In reference to the distribution of seeds, [ will
say that they may be returned from Europe now
in time for distribution by the members of this
Congress.
I need say nothing as to the benefits derived from
this interchange of seeds. It is hardly necessary
to try to satisfy this committee upon that subject.
We all know that the valuable kind of wheat,
known as the Mediterranean, which was distrib-
uted from the Patent Office, has been of immense
benefit to the country, and has added thousands
and hundreds of thousands of dollars to the farm-
ing interests of the country. It seems to me
proper that this small appropriation should be
made.
Mr. HUNT. I withdraw the amendment, if
thei e is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have a vote
upon it.
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved a pro forma amendment,
and proceeded to say: I move the "amendment
merely to say to the gentleman who introduced
this proposition, that, in the explanation just
made, has been given one of the best reasons, and
one which is entirely conclusive with me, against
this proposition. That is, that the Commissioner
of Patents has agreed to interchange seeds with
other countries and Governments, and has there-
by incurred responsibilities, without being author-
ized to do so by law. For one, sir, I do not intend
to vote here to complete obligations entered into
by Executive officers, from the President down,
without authority of law.
The question was taken upon the amendment of
Mr. Jones, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. 1 am satisfied that
if we wait in accordance with the views ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston] 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is reminded that it is necessary for him to
move an amendment to the amendment in order
to entitle him to the floor.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I move, then, to in-
'crease the sum named in the amendment by adding
§10,000.
I was proceeding to remark, Mr. Chairman,
that I am satisfied, if we wait for the appropriate
time to arrive in accordance with the views ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] that it will never come. There are
some portions of the Union where it is now the
suitable time in which to put seeds into the ground.
There are other portions of the Union in which
the spring is the more appropriate time. In the
extreme North—if you please—both spring and
autumn are appropriate seasons for this purpose.
In some portions of the country any season of
the year will answer the purpose.
What then becomes of the argument, that this
amendment should be so framed as to make it
applicable to the appropriate season of the year
for procuring seeds? I represent a portion of the
West—an agricultural region of country—and has
it come to this, while we are lavishly expending
hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars of
the people's money for every conceivable purpose
under heaven, that we should turn a deaf ear to
this call for a small pittance of $10,000 for the
greatest interest of this country—the agricultural
interest—which lies at the foundation of all other
interests ;
Many of my constituents, among other demands
made upon my time and attention, have called
upon me to procure seeds of different varieties and
forward to them. I regard it as one of the first du-
ties I owe to them. 1 hope the amendment to the
amendment will be adopted, and that the appro-
pi lation will be increased to $20,000, in order that
we may, in the appropriate discharge of our du-
ties here, not turn a deaf ear to any compliance
with the calls of our constituents in this important
respect.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I do not deny
that the mutual exchange of the seeds of different
countries is beneficial to the farming interest. Per-
haps a similar exchange of specimens of cloth
mighthelpthe mercantile and manufacturing inter-
ests. Perhaps a similar exchange of mechanical
tools might be useful to mechanics. But the ma-
terial question is, whether individuals shall make
these exchanges, or whether Government shall be
the agent to negotiate them?
In my opinion, Government violates its office,
and transcends its province, in concerning itself
with such things. Its sole, legitimate office is to
i protect the persons and property of its subjects.
Leave it within us province, and it will hardly
fail to do its work well. But allow it to exceed j
' its province, and it will hardly fail to do all its |
work ill. Its usurpation of the work of the peo- !'
pie has done more than anything else to make
Government a burden upon the people instead of
a blessing to the people.
It is true that the sum which is called for in this
case is a small one. But the principle to be vio-
lated by our voting this sum is a great one.
We need to be continually mindful of the true
and only office of civil government. It is to hold
a shield over its subjects, beneath which they may,
in safety from foreign aggressions, pursue their
various callings. It is, afso, by its ever present
and strong arm, to restrain its subjects from ag-
gressions upon each other.
I trust, sir, that we shall leave the people to get
their seeds for themselves; and that we shall vote
down the amendment to the amendment, and the
amendment also.
The question was put, and the amendment to
•the amendment disagreed to by the committee.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation five dollars.
I have only to say, Mr. Chairman, that, in my
humble judgment, the Government cannot be bet-
ter employed at present than in endeavoring to
promote that interest which lies at the foundation
of its prosperity. .There is a fatal tendency in
human nature to be most neglectful of that upon
which we are most dependent*, and such has em-
phatically been the case so far as the agricultural
interests of this country are concerned.
This Government has undertaken to uphold
almost everything else except agriculture. It has
organized the Patent Office for the express pur-
pose of protecting the manufacturing ingenuity of
thecountry, but it has done comparatively nothing
to foster and uphold the agricultural interests of
the country.
Now, sir, I speak what I know to be true with
regard to the farming interest of the country which
I represent, when I say that it is the enlightened
farmers—and almost all of them may be said to
be enlightened—who are easier and anxious with
regard to this matter. They are continually
writing to their Representatives upon this floor,
to urge upon the Government to do something to
promote their prosperity. They are anxious that
something should be done to promote the prosper-
ity of the agricultural interests of thecountry; and
my own constituents are continually writing to
me to urge upon me to procure for them, if I can,
such seeds as will be important for them to culti-
vate.
What is the amount of $10,000 for the purpose
of promoting these great agricultural interests in
exchanging seeds with other countries, and pro-
curing them for the use ofour own farmers? What
is it when its effect will be to secure the pros-
perity of the country?
Our parsimony should be extended a little to
other matters, such as promoting the commerce
of the country by subsidizing the steam marine
of the country. The commerce of the country
can reach its hands into the Treasury, and scatter,
with utter recklessness of profusion, the funds of
the people.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Never, by my
vote.
Mr. WADE. I am glad of it; nor by mine,
either. Now, I merely want to say, that the farm-
ers are deeply interested in this matter. They
form the substratum upon which rests the whole
prosperity of the political, civil,and religious insti-
tutions of the country; and if we deny them this
small sum of $10,000 we shall be ungrateful to
that source from which we derive our prosperity,
humanly speaking.
Mr. McMULLlN. I feel grateful to the gen-
tlemen all round the Hall who seem to take charge
of the agricultural interest. I represent an agri-
cultural district myself, and I have the honor to
be an humble member of that interest. But, sir,
it does seem to me that the innovation now pro-
posed is rather extravagant. We have hereto-
fore appropriated $5,000 annually, out of the
Patent Office fund, for the purchase of seeds. The
proposition now is to appropriate $10,000 in ad-
dition to the last appropriation. Now, I ask the
House if that is necessary or called for?
It is not necessary for me to reiterate the argu-
ment of the gentleman who heads the Committee
of Ways and Means, that it is too iate in the sea-
son to purchase and distribute these seeds. But
does not every gentleman, who is at all acquainted
with agricultural pursuits, know that if you pur-
chase seeds, and /ay them over for a year, four
fifths of them will not sprout or produce?
I claim to be one of the friends and representa-
tives of the great agricultural interest, the gieatest
interest of this country; but I tell gentlemen who
seem so anxious to protect that interest, that it
does not demand this appropriation. I hope that
we shall have a vote taken at once, and hear no
