1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. DISNEY. Those words were merely a j
repetition of the idea conveyed by the words that i
the grant was for the general improvement. What !
is the other question the gentleman desires to ask j
me; j(
Mr. COBB. I may he so fortunate as to get Ij
the floor presently, and then 1 shall embody the |
questions I have to propound in my five-minute !
speech. I
Mr. DISNEY. I now yield the floor, then. |
Mr. LANCASTER. Mr. Chairman, 1 am j
from the coast which has been referred to in this s
debate. 1 was an inhabitant on it long before the i
land law was passed. I have seen, and well know <
the operations of that law. And here let me say, 1
in the beginning, that I am opposed to all restric- ,
lions against the sale of land in that Territory, j
Many persons were on that coast previous to the ;
passage of the land law; and when it was passed j
they felt that they had been wronged by this un- !
wholesome restriction, its operations can of course
be better seen in the Territory than heie. Before :
any of us had gone there, a bill had been intro- i
duced into the Senate of the United States by the :
lamented Dr. Linn, of Missouri, It passed that '
branch of Congress. Another bill was introduced 1
here, and defeated in the other ilouse So ,
the measure was alternately introduced and lost; ;
and during this time persons emigrated to that
coast in expectation of receiving six hunched and !
forty acres of the public land each. They ex- :
pected that amount in consideration of settling ,
on it, with their families, after having endured
all the perils and [midships of an oveiland ,
route across a barren wilderness. I was among ■
them. 1 was there before the land law passed; 1
and when the law was passed, it gave us this 1
amount of land with the unwholesome restric- i
tion that the land should be tied up, and should ;
not be sold until we obtained a patent for it. The
lands were not then surveyed; the boundary
question was not even settled, when the earliest i
of us got out there. Well, wlum this land was i
given to us, as it was said, to pay us for going !
over there, it was so restricted and tied down that j
we could not sell or mortgage it, or raise funds j
upon our possessions It has remained so tied j
down ever since. No man can sell his land, or I
incumber it any way. lie is there, and has been ,
there with this possession, the gilt of the Gov- :
eminent, so tied up, that he is without the power
of using it. He may raise turnips and potatoes
from it, but the Government has required him to
make the improvements upon it with his own ,j
hands. I have fulfilled the condition strictly and ,
Irg.illy, and not constructively. 1 have lived for,
four years on a portion of six hundred and forty !
acies of land, and improved it by these hands.
J have thus fulfilled the condition of the giant.
The Government of the (Tinted States leijuued .
the labor to be performed by my own hands, '!
whereas, with my profession, if I could have put .!
another person on the land, lie could have per- !
formed twice the labor tluu I could. But that was j
the condition emanating ftom the wisdom of Con- j
gress, and it has borne heavily on me, and upon i
every other person on that coast. If the land was i
a gift to them for going there and improving the
country, and bringing it into notice, for aiding to
settle the boundary, and for raising the American j
Hag there, let them have it without trammels and !
conditions imposed upon them by the Govern- j
ment. j
1 may say further, that before the land law i
passed, a provisional government was established ;
on that coast, American m its character. And the
inhabitants who assisted in the organization of I
that provisional government, and who resided :
under it, and helped to maintain it until the tern- :
tonal government was formed, were paid by the .
Government of the United States in so much wild
land, if they would cultivate it with their own
hands, without being able to sell any of it, or to
incumber it, until they got a patent for it. And
who can tell when they will obtain those titles— j
when the Government of the United States will
enable them to incumber their land, to raise funds
on it to educate their children, and to improve it. !
Then, sir, there are town lands where it is ne- i
cessary that ships shall load and unload, and !
warehouse their cargoes. The farmers, too, must ,
have some place m which to store the produce of 1 i
their land; that there shall exchanges take place, ii
and that, too, on shoie, and not on ship-boaid. ^
The man who, in good faith, has built a ware- ]
house on his lot, and engaged m that business, is I
prevented by the unwholesome provisions of that j
law from obtaining a title to his lot. i
Now, I say, as the Representative of Washing- j
ton Territory, that I desire that the land which i
the Government of the Lfnited States has seen fit |
to bestow upon those who have crossed the plains i
and taken their families into that country, shall be \
really given to them, that they shall receive their j
titles, and be allowed to mortgage the land and I
rai^e money upon it. I desire that theyoungman j
may be able to sell half his land and raise money to !
come to the States and obtain a wife, and then j
return there and become attached to the soil by |
cultivating it and being a citizen and the head of a j
family. There are more than five hundred young 1
rnfen m the Territory of Washington, who, if they j
had the power, would mortgage the land or sell a
portion of it, and come here to the country where
women are to be had, and take them tothutcoun-
try to settle on tho^e lands. I know that to be
the ca^e. But at, present their hands are tied and :
they are crippled. Every man throughout the
Tenitory is crippled. I hope that you will riot
continue this reduction upon the inteiestsof that
Territoi y. The coal fields, the lumbering interests,
the fishing interests, and a thousand other inUreais
there, ought to be protected and hilly developed;
and you .should not require or expect a man to l e-
mainupon his land foui years, keeping n wretched
Lm< helor's hall, without a place to call his home.
Mr. COBB. Before the gentleman from Wash-
ington concludes, i desire to oiler the following
proviso by way of a compromise:
Pioiulcf.'. The recipients of said act shall have lived
four yeai* upon *;ui! lantN thereby panted.
Mr. LANCASTER. 1 object to the gentle-
man's proviso, and 1 am honest and candid m
what I say.
Mr. COBB. Then I cannot compromise.
Mr. LANCASTER. 1 wish to aciy m conclu-
sion, as I stated before, that I believe Delegates
from Territories ought not to occupy the floor
with speeches upon matters in which their con-
stituents are not directly interested. The leason
why the restrictive clause, to which 1 have al-
leady referred, was made, was this: that Mr.
Thuiwton,a Delegate fiotn theTenitory of Oiegon
upon this floor, was fearful that theofUoeis of the
i Unison's Bay Company, and the wei vants of the
Puget'a {Sound agricultural company might make
claims of large tracts of the country, and hold
them in trust for the benefit of such companies,
lie wa« fearful also, that Dr. John McLaughlin,
of Oregon City, would reap some benefit for the
labor and money he bestowed in promoting the
interests of American citizens; for in the time
of their gieatest need, he gave them liberally
seeds, piovisions, teams, and clothing, and did
evei y thing in his power, w Inch his charitable hem t
could suggest, to promote then comfoit and wel-
fare. But it was feared by Mr. Thurston that he
would receive some benefit from holding these
lands, and this was one of the reasons wliy this
restriction was placed m ihe act. No man can be
hired to go into that country—especially a single
man— and live four years upon his land, keep
bachelor's hall, and carry out the spn it ot the law,
unless he is an honest man, intending to make
that place his home. The law, as it now stands,
requires four years of consecutive residence upon
the land; buthow would my friend from Alabama
[Mr. Conn] like to live in the wilderness, in a
state of solitude, with a prospect of keeping bach-
elor 's hall, having even to wash his shirt, without
the power to pait with or dispose of his lands. It
is too hard fo require that our young men shall be
subjected to these conditions. It ought not to be
insisted that they should live in such a state of
wretchedness any longer. I hope that these oner-
ous and unnecessary iranimeU will be removed;
and that I may have the pleasure of sending this
gratifying information to the people there. Should
n be placed in my power to send them the inform-
ation, such rejoicing will take place there as was
never before witnessed there or anywhere else.
But I will detain the committee no longer.
Mr. W ALSH. I have heard with a great deal
of attention the reply of my friend from Wash-
ington, [Mr. Lancaster,] in regard to ail the
privations which he and his associates have en-
dured in that Territory. I can well appreciate
how great a calamity it may be for a number of
full-blooded young men to be washing their own
shirts, and going without wives and the society of
ladies. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Chairman, I believe there is another
Territory where there is an abundance of ladies,
and where they are not compelled to come into
the Atlantic States to obtain wives. [Laughter.]
There must be injustice done to the women, if
there are a superabundance of them, as every
woman, I believe, is entitled to one husband.
But, sir, in relatio?> to the second provision.
We are told that the Government gives these six
hundred and forty acres as an inducement to emi-
grants to go there and settle the lands. TheGov-
ernment has fulfilled its part of the contract, and
if these gentlemen who have reclaimtd the land
which they have received, in God's name, if they
find that they have too much to hold profitably,
let them give away the surplus to the noer> who
come after them, and who are there, ready and
willing to endure the same privations that they
have encountered. I repeat, sir,the Government
has fulfilled its part of the contract; and if six hun-
dred and forty acres is entirely too much land for
one man to cultivate, let him,instead of driving his
fellow-man, who comes after him , to an unknown
wilderness, exhibit his gratitude for the gift which
he originally received from the Government, by
dividing wilh tho>->e who come after him. There
1:5 no law to prevent him giving away his land ire
tins way,and l see no reason to prohibit him from
domg so.
Mr. LANCASTER. I would say, for the
information of the committee, that the persons
making application for a patent of land shall swear
that they hold their lands in their own right, and
not for others, and that they have not disposed of,
or put away any part or parcel of it.
Mr. WALSH. Yes, that they have not parted
with it for a consideration; but I suppose a man
has a right to give away a portion of his land.
Mr. LETCHER took the floor.
Mr LANE, of Oregon. If the gentleman from
Virginia will allow me, I will move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. LETCHER. .No; I want to say a word
or two first.
Mr. LANE. If my proposition suits the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I will make she motion—
but not otherwise—that the committee rise, with
a view of closing the debate on this bill.
[Cries of 44 Not*' " No !''}
Mr. LETCHER. The proposition will not
suit. I desire to say a word or two first.
Mr. LANE. Well; will five-minute speeches
do J
Mr. LETCHER. Not unless a man could
have an opportunity to weld three or four to-
gether.
Mr. LANE. Well, let us hear the gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, things are
now tending very rapidly to the point to which I
supposed, some time ago, they would ultimately
get. I expected  before 1 had finished my terra
in Congress, to find men, who, if not making t\
direct proposition to the House, would at least
present the idea as fair and proper, that Congress
should not only give to settlers farms out of the
public domain, but should supply them also with
the means of working these farms and making
them valuable.
But the gentleman from Washington Territory
. [Mr Lancaster] has gone even beyond my ex-
pectation, and has reached a point which I never
expected to hear broached. He now insists upon
it, that it is the duty of Congress to so legislate
as that wives can be furnished to them in addi-
tion to the grants of lands. [Laughter.] Now,
Mr. Chairman, I take it that every man, in any
part of the country, who wants a wife, and who
is worthy of a wife, will get one. [Renewed laugh-
ter.] And 1 think that the Government need not
interfere in respect to this little domestic matter,
which should very properly be left to the parties
themselves.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You are for non-inter-
vention.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir. I am for non-
intervention in all matters of that sort. I want
neither the Government nor individuals to inter-
fere in a matter of that kind.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand you.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, neither North
nor South should interfere. It seems to me that
