THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session-.
THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1854.
New Series....No. 122.
Kerr, the one adverted to by the Senator from
Georgia, passed on at this session, found that, al-
though he was hut charge de'afFaires at Nicaragua,
he was directed to go to Guatemala, and perhaps
one or twoother States in Central America, to ex-
change the ratification of certain treaties; and he
was directed further to present himself at a partial
confederation of some of these States called their
"national representation," to which he was accred-
ited for general purposes as minister. The com-
mittee reported, in that case, in favor of allowing
him an outfit for his whole services, in addition to
his expenses; and that provision passed the Senate.
In this instance, however, the committee thought
it would be wiseand safe, in order to avoid a pre-
cedent hereafter, to draw the distinction between
accrediting a special minister to a court generally,
and sending him, for special purposes, to transact
a particular piece of business which end his func-
tions there.
The committee made, as was thought, a very
liberal allowance in addition to the expenses of
these gentlemen. All their ordinary expenses
have been paid, as far as it was in their power to
present vouchers; but the committee were aware
that they might have incurred expenses which
were necessary to be incurred for which they could
have no vouchers. The amendment offered by
the committee, therefore, directs thatany expenses
of that kind shall be paid to them upon their cer-
tificates that the money was expended, and, in
addition, allows them for the time that they were
occupied twenty-five dollars a day—twenty-five
dollars a day being about at the rate of ^9,000 a
year. This seemed to the committee to be a fair
and equitable allowance.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I differ from
the Committee on Foreign Relations on the very
clause of the report which the chairman has read.
They say that by the allowance proposed in my
amendment a precedent would be established.
Now, L have shown that they violate all prece-
dent by not allow.ns, it. The precedents from
1789 until now have all been tn favor of allowing
these outfits, under this precise state of things.
The cases which 1 citcd before I have now befoie
me. Every single case of the transfer of a minis-
ter, or the sending one abroad, from 1789 to J82."),
was collected m Mr. Monroe's memorial, and
they are precisely as I have stated.
The case which the Senator from Virginia has
put, of gentlemen being sent to exchange ratifica-
tions of a treaty, is not the case here. These gen-
tlemen were commissioned with plenipotentiary
powers, directed to go to these Governments as
Ministers Plenipotentiary, by a joint commission,
to form treaties. They did that to the satisfaction
of the Government, and to the satisfaction of the
Senate. I say, therefore, that Mr. Schenck's case
stands precisely upon the same footing of that
of Mr. Adams, who was Minister to Russia, and
the chairman of the Commiitee on Foreign Rela-
tions cannot draw a distinction between them.
Mr. Adaans was Minister Plenipotentiary in Rus-
sia. He was commissioned with the special duty
of making a treaty of peace at Ghent, fie went
to Ghent under this commission for the special
purpose of making a treaty of peace with Eng-
land. He did help to make it; and his claim for
an outfit was allowed He was then sent from
there to England, and an outfit was allowed for
that.
The case of Mr. Murray, who was Minister at
the Hague, is precisely the case of the other
gentleman, Mr. Pendleton, of lower grade. Mr.
Murray was charge or minister resident at the
Hague, and he was sent, in connection with two
other gentlemen, to Palis, under a joint commis-
sion, in 1804, to m^ke a treaty. lie was al-
lowed an outfit of §9,000, because he was quo ad
hoc a Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of
Versailles.
Again, there is the case of Mr. Monroe. While
Minister to England, he was commissioned to
Spam on a special duty; and he claimed, and was
allowed on outfit for that. Then there is the case
of Mr. Clay, which 1 have already stated. He
l'i2
was acommissioner. He was not sent as minister
to England, but was taken from the House of
Representatives, and made a commissioner. 1
presume, however, that it makes no difference
what a gentleman followed before. Nor does it
in the case of these two gentlemen. Mr. Clay
was sent as commissioner, with plenipotentiary
powers, to Ghent, to negotiate a treaty of peace,
and at the same time had other letters commission-
ing him to make a commercial treaty. The ne-
gotiations touching the commercial treaty were
transferred to London, and he was allowed an
outfit for going fiom Ghent to London, although
he had been commissioned at the same time to
make both a treaty of peace and a commercial
treaty. His claim for an outfit, I know, was
contested, but it was allowed on a rcferenceof the
case to the Attorney General, Mr. Wirt.
1 say that the committee in this case are violating
precedent against these gentlemen. 1 do not think
it is a dangerous precedent. I have shown that,
from the latter part of the last century down, the
precedents have been uniform. The case of Mr.
Kerr is one not near as strong as this. He was
a charge, commissioned to the " National Repre-
sentation" m Central Ameiicu, who never did
receive him. The Ilouseof Representativesund the
Senate, in the deficiency bill, at this very session,
allowed him his outfii—not his expenses only. A
certain class of expenses is allowed; but the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, at this session,
reported in favor of allowing him an outfit. He
had been paid his expenses to these courts, where
he went to exchange the ratifications of treaties. ,
He had no plenipotentiary powers to make trea- !
ties at the couits to which he was sent, so that ;
this case is much stronger than even that. I
Again, let ine refer to Mr. Pmckney's case. [
Mr. Pinckney was sent to Sr. Petersburg!], and i
was directed to go by way of Naples, and deliver
a letter of credence at Naples; and he wasallowed j
$9,000 for that service, and it was expressly I
stated to be m the form ofau outfit, corresponding i
to his grade. On his way to Russia he stopped at
Naples, and delivered the letters of ciedenee. He ,
was not accredited to make a treaty; he made no
treaty there; he did nothing but deliver a letter of i
credence; and yet the Government Allowed him !
$9,000 m xthe shape of an outfit. In this ca«e,
however, the Committee on Foreign Relations ,
propose to depart from the established precedent, j
Mr. Schenek being Minister at Rio, was sent to
Uruguay to make a treaty. He went there. He i
was commissioned by the President in the recess 1
of Congress. It was an emergency of great im-
portance. It was about the time of the overthrow
of Rosas. England and France had been trying
for twenty years to get treaties to secure the navi-
gation of the noble rivers in that quarter, and
commercial intercourse with the people there.
They commissioned ministers to go there. This
Government sent Mr. Shenck and :Vtr Pendleton,
and they made treaties which were satisfactory to
the Government, and were unanimously ratified
by the Senate.
The services of these gentlemen were very val-
uable and important; but that is not the point.
We sometimes send ministers to countries which
will not receive them, but we allow outfit and
salary to those ministers. Several cases of that
kind have occurred since I have been in Con-
gress; and they have been constantly allowed.
Whenever there has been a new commission to a
a new court, for independent purposes, this allow-
ance has been made. In some cases, the allow-
ance was made m the form of expenses, which
overran the amount of an outfit.
Mr. Jay, when he was Chief Justice of the
United States, was sent to England to negotiatea
treaty. During that time, he received his salary
as chief justice of the United States, and drew,
in the shape of expenses, nearly <$12,000. The
allowance in that case was put m that form.
There are similar cases running all through the
history of the Government from its commence-
ment.
1 do not think this is a class of cases liable to
great abuse. There are not many of these gentle-
men abroad, and 1 think they are the poorest paid
agents of the Government. Some effort was made
during the last Administration, and has been made
at several times during the history of the Gov-
ernment, to asceitain whether they were paid a
fair compensation; and, I believe, the universal
opinion expressed by every man whom you had
abroad, was that the compensation wasaltogether
too small. But these men, being but few, not
having any congressional influence, have riot had
their salaries increased. They are not like the
eight hundred or one thousand appointees in the
shape of clerks, dependent, perhaps, on both
Houses of Congress. Their salaries can be car-
ried up at will, as they have been twice within
the last three years, because they have personal
influence, personal relatives, arid, perhaps, per-
sonal appointors in Congress:. But our ministers
and charges abroad, being but few in number,
having little congressional influence, are not in-
creased in salary. I hope, however, that we shall
not refuse to them what a law officer of the Gov-
ernment has declared to he their legal right. That
was Mr. Wirt's opinion in the case of Messrs.
Adams and Clay. It has been in accordance with
the uniform practice of the Government, from
which I have known no variation.
Mr. RUSK. I shall very cheei fully vote for the
substitute of the Senator from Georgia. According
to the statement made by that honorable Senator,
it has been usual, where services of this character
have been requned, to allow an outfit. It seems to
me that it is utterly impossible for these gentlemen
to ascertain what their expenses were. They were
associated in making these treaties, as I under-
stand, with the Ministers of France and England,
who were extremely well paid, while ours were
extremely poorly paid. They succeeded in ob-
taining as good treaties, if not better ones, than
those obtained by other Governments. They were
in a country where the expenses were very large.
They were sent among a peoplewith whom it was
necessary to incur heavy expenses. Inasmuch as
that was so, and it has been the uniform rule to
allow an outfit in each case where a Minister
abroad has been sent to a new Court, I think it is
nothing but fair and just to do it here. It is ad-
mitted on all hands, I believe, that our diplomatic
agents abroad are more poorly paid than those of
any other Government whatever. In this case
tne services of these gentlemen were important.
They made treaties which were ratified unani-
mously by the Senate, and regarded as of the ut-
most consequence to the United States. Under
such circumstances, I shall cheerfully vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, and I
think the allowance ought to be made.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the diplomatic
intercourse of our Government is regulated by law.
We have different classes of officers—ministers,
charges, and other agents of the Government to
dischaige diplomatic duties. By law, they are
entitled to salaries and to certain perquisites.
When, therefore, the gentleman whose name is
indicated in the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, was appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, Minis-
ter to the Government of Brazil, he became enti-
tled by law to a salary of $9,000, and to an outfit
of $9,000 for going. As minister at that point9
the President had no right to send him to any
other. He was entitled by law, as minister at
that point, to the particular compensation I have
named. The President had no earthly authority
to impose upon him the obligation, as minister to
that Government, to go to some other, for the pur-
pose of discharging similar diplomatic duties.
Hence, when the Government required him to
go there, it would have been optional in him to go
or not. If he did go, he went as minister, and he
would be entitled, according to my conception,
to whatever he might, accorcfing to the antecedent
usage of the Government, be justified in consid-
ering the compensation operating on the Govern-
ment to induce him to go.
Take the case of this gentleman. He was re-
