370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
mart from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that it is better
to make the purchase. So far as the possession
of the building is concerned it does not at all inter-
fere with the opinion I entertain, or that I ex-
pressed, as to the impropriety of establishing the
refining office in connection with the assay office
in New York city. I am candid enough, and I
feel it to be my duty to say to this committee, and
the country, that I believe it would be better that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York should be adopted, and the money
appropriated, than that we should pay in fifteen
years $750,000 as rent. Hence I am opposed to the
increase of appropriation asked for by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and I hope that the appro-
priation of $530,000 will be made.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Haven's
amendment; it was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickims, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had receded
from its disagreement to the House amendments
to the Senate bill to regulate and disburse the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, and for other purposes,
and had agreed to said amendments.]
Mr. RICE. I offer the following amendment:
For finishing the Capitol and Teiritonal prison in the
Teiritoiy of Minnesota, grading and fencing the grounds far
the same, $10,000, to bo expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Governor of the Territory of Minnesota
calls the attention of the Legislature to the fact,
that the money heretofore appropriated for finish-
ing these buildings has not been sufficient, and m
consequence that they have have received great
injury. A memorial upon that subject lies upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the Delegate
fronilVtinnesota whether this proposition has been
before any committee of the House 5 Is it an
estimate recommended either by the Department,
any committee, or both?
Mr. RICE. It has been recommended by
neither. I addressed a letter in regard to this mat-
ter to the Secretary of the Interior, thinking that
it came within his jurisdiction, with a copy of the
message of the Governor of Minnesota. He re-
ferred it to the Secretary of the Treasury, who
addressed a communication upon the subject to the
House yesterday, which was then read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I under-
stand this matter, it is one thftf commends itself to
the sense of justice of the committee in behalf of
the Territory of Minnesota. An appropriation
has heretofore been made by Congress for the
completion of the territorial buildings there. That
appropriation, under the circumstances, is proved
to be entirely insufficient for the full completion of
the capitol and the territorial prison, and for the
grading and fencing of the groumla m a manner
corresponding to the character of those public
buildings.
The attention of the Legislature of Minnesota
has been called by the Governor of the Territory
to this subject. The estimated cost of what is
wanted has been stated by my friend, the Dele-
gate from Minnesota, who knows all about it;
and he has triven his opinion, which satisfies me,
and, I believe, will satisfy every gentleman in this
committee, that this appropriation is one we should
most cheerfully make for the purposes indicated.
It is true that this matter has not gone to any com-
mittee of this House, but the gentleman from Min-
nesota willed the attention of the Secretary of the
Treasury to it; and a letter fiom that officer, in an-
swer, has been received, and was read to the House
yesterday, f do not know that there has been any
regular estimate from the Department made with
regard to the amount necessary, but the gentleman
from Minnesota, and the Governoi of the Terri-
tory, state that $10,0(50 will be necessary for the pur-
pose proposed; and 1 myself believe that it is but
just to that Territory that the appropriation should
l>e granted. Sir, that Territory is a child of our
Government, and we should extend to it the fos-
tering care of a parent. We should deal liberally
and justly in this matter, and not hesitate to come
forward in a case like this, and complete what we
have already begun. This appropriation will not
only complete your public buildings there, but it
will beautify and adorn them. I therefore appeal
; to the generosity and magnanimity,and the sense
of justice, of this committee to sustain the amend-
| mentjust offered by the Delegate. The Territory
i has no vote here, and none m the other branch.
1 She has a delegate here—my friend who offered
I this amendment, and who serves his constituents
j with great zeal and fidelity—but he cannot vote
I with us. The appeal to us on that account is,
! therefore, so much the stronger, and I do trust the
amendment will be favorably received by this com-
mittee.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to increase
the appropriation one dollar.
In regard to the remarks of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] it is due to the Dele-
gate from- Minnesota that 1 should say, that as I
I happened to be the only member of the Committee
of Waysand Means with whom he was personally
acquainted, he lequested me to bring the mat-
ter before thecommittee; I did so, but informally,
| and no action was taken by them upon the subject.
I suggested to the gentleman from Minnesota that
it would be well to refer the matter to the Treas-
ury Department, and have a communication upon
the subject sent from that Department to the
Speaker of the House, which could be referred
; regularly to the Committee of Ways'and Means.
Thegentleman followed my suggestion, and yes-
terday a communication came from the Treasury
Department, which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Waysand Means. The committee, how-
ever, have not since had a meeting, and therefore
it is that no recommendation from them upon the
subject has been made.
The gentleman from Minnesota considers it a
deficiency proper to be inserted in the deficiency
bill, and that this is the appropriate place to insert
it. It is not probable that any action now will be
taken upon the subject by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and if such action were to be taken
it must depend, m a great degree, upon the evidence
now in the possession of the committee.
The communication from the Treasury simply
transmits the letter from the Delegate from Minne-
sota, with an extract from the message of the
Governor of that Territory. This is "all upon
which that Department could rely, and it is ali
upon which we can rely, in addition to the state-
ment of the Delegate in confirmation of the papers.
I believe, for one, after conference with the gentle-
man from Minnesota, that the appropriation ought
to pass. Although the Committee of Ways and
Means have not, and probably will not make any
recommendation, yet it is a deficiency which I
hope t he House will see proper to grant. If there
be no objection I will now withdraw the amend-
ment ) have offered.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the amendment offered by M i. Rice, it was put,
and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE.
sertmg the following:
For complctinii the m;mne ho.->jii!nt nt \ icksbm^, M
| tin- >mn <>l <!< <>■
i Mr. HOUSTON. I ris
on \ hat amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Th
his point of oider.
Mr. HOUSTON. It
matt- 
: Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will not be so hasty in making his
, point of order, but will allow me to explain" the
1 amendment.
Mr. HOUSFON. This is the proper time for
me to make it, and it is this: this item is m the
regular esiirmues of the Secretary of the Treasury
for the civil and diplomatic impropriation hill, and
is not estimated for as a deficiency The Depart-
ment a^k nothing; for this purpose for this year,
but they ask something for the next fiscal year.
if therefore make the point of order, that this
being a biH to supply deficiencies, and to furnish
appropiiations to he used during the currentyear,
and the appropriation contained in this amend-
ment not being for the current year, it is not in
order as an amendment to this bill.
Xhe CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Mississippi what is the
. fact?
I Mr. BARKSDALE. I will slate the facts to
I move to amend by in-
to a question of order
gentleman will state
that that is an esti-
the committee. The sum of $10,000 has already
been appropriated for the erection of a marine hos-
pital at Vicksburg; a site has been purchased, and
the work, that far, has been commenced. But the
work cannot be continued until this deficiency is
supplied by the appropriation of the additional
amount now asked for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Mississippi whether this
sum is wanted during the present fiscal year, or
only during the coming fiscal year?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Certainly. The work
cannot be prosecuted until the amount I have asked
for shall be given. The sum of $,10,000 has al-
ready been appropriated 
The CHAIRMAN. The question submitted
to the gentleman by the Chair is, whether this
sum is needed during the fiscal year as a defi-
ciency, or in the course of the coming year?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Most assuredly it is for
the present fiscal year, ending on the -30th of June
next.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has some
doubts whether the amendment is in order or not.
It depends upon a fact about which the gentlemen
differ—whether this sum is needed during the
present fiscal year or during the next.
Mr. ORR. The best evidence upon that point
is to be found in the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury. He Submits this as an estimate
for the general approbation bill, and not for the
deficiency bill. ™
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has great
doubts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. This appropriation is
asked for by the Secretary of the Treasury in a
letter to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, in which he says that §10,000 has
been appropriated for this purpose, and that a
further sum of §55,000 will be required for the
construction of the building, making an aggregate
of $65,000 for the site and structure. Now, the
committee will see at once that it is utterly impos-
sible to prosecute the work until the additional
sum of $55,000 shall be appropriated.
Mr. FULLER. I really hope that the gentleman
from Mississippi will withdraw his amendment.
The committee will recollect that I had an amend-
ment of precisely the same character, and that I
withdrew it this morning, yielding to the urgent
solicitation of the chairman of the Committee of
Waysand Means, and to my own senseof propri-
ety. These appropriations would more properly
go into the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
and ought not to be tacked on to the deficiency
bill, making it a general appropriation bill.
I ask thegentleman from Mississippi, therefore,
to foHow the example I have set, and withdraw
Ins amendment, for the sake of prcscrvingpropriety
in our legislation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am satisfied that there
is no similarity between my case and the one
mentioned by the gentleman from Maine.
The CHAIRMAN. Though the Chair thinks*
upon the statement made by both gentlemen, that
the amendment is more proper to the regular ap-
propriation bill than the present one, yet, the
question being one rather of fact than of oider,
; the Chair feels it to be his duty to submit it to the
i committee foi their decision. The Chair, with a
ji great deal of hesitation, decides the amendment to
:i be m order.
|i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would the Chair
!! inquire whether this work has been commenced at
I; all—whether anything has been done save the
i! selection of a site ?
!; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the belief
h that more has been done, and that the work is
ij actually in progress. The Chair would inquire
| whether the work is or is not in progress. He
1 understood it to be stated that it was in progress,
i Mr. BARKSDALE. I explained to the com-
! mittee that it wos in progress, in so far that com-
' missioners had been appointed, and a site selected
and paid for I said that it was utterly impossi-
■ ble—and in that I contended the deficiency existed
i —to continue fhe prosecution of the work unless
1 this appropriation was made.
j Mr. JONES, No work has been done at all.
The CHAIRMAN. Though the Chair has
great doubt of the amendment being in order, he
; decides it to he in ordei, and submits the question
to the committee.
i Mr. HOUSTON. Let me call the attention of
