19BB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
quested to go from a Government to which he was
accredited to some other, for the purpose of making
atreaty. In determining in his own mind whether
to go or not, he had a right to look to the antece-
. dent usage of the Government for the purpose of
ascertaining what he wa3 to receive for going.
According to the statement of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, that usage had been universal,
and therefore he had a right to suppose that by
receiving this appointment and consenting to dis-
charge the duty, he would receive what every other
officer from the commencement of the Government
similarly situated had received.
Now, in order to illustrate this, allow me to put
a single case: suppose that, instead of sending this
minister to discharge this special duty, the Pres-
ident, during the recess of the Senate, had ap-
pointed somebody else to go there. That person
would unquestionably be entitled to be paid. He
would have received not only the compensation
which this amendment allows, in conformity with
the usages of the Government, but he would have
received also $9,000 salary. It seems to me, there-
fore, that, according to strict principle, this gen-
tleman is entitled to the compensation which the
afhendment of the Senator from Georgia authorizes
to be paid.
Mr. BUTLER. As my friend from Georgia
seems to have informed himself fully on this sub-
ject, I will take the liberty of asking him some
questions with a view to inform myself. I under-
stand from him that when Mr. Clay was ordered
to Ghent, he received $9,000 outfit and $9,000
salary.
Mr. TOOMBS. A salary, at that rate, per
annum.
Mr. BUTLER. He was ordered from there to
the Court of St. James, as I understand the Sena-
tor, after the ratification of the treaty of peace,
to negotiate a commercial treaty. Did he also re-
ceive, for that service, or that mission, $9,000 ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; he claimed $9,000,
and $4,500 was paid at once, and payment of the
balance suspended; but it was afterwards paid
over, on the decision of the Attorney General.
Mr. BUTLER. Was he also allowed his
expenses?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; his accounts are all
stated in the hook which 1 have before me.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the committee
have said nothing in the report on the subject of
precedents: but they have said, as I apprehend
will now be apparent to the Senate, that if these
memorialists are to be compensated by giving them
a round outfit to all the places to which tney were
sent for the purpose of negotiating treaties, it will
establish a precedent. The comnyuee have said
this in their report:
"To allow tho full prayer of the memorialists, in these
cases, would, in the opinion of your committee, be tho in-
troduction of a new system of compensation for public {ser-
vices, unsanctioned by the principles of a wise ruid just
economy."
Now, sir, if these gentlemen are bylaw entitled
to an outfit because they were sent upon these
special missions, they have only to apply ut the
Department of State and have it paid, or that
Department would have sent an estimate here to
Congress for these outfits and expenditures in-
curred under the law. It is because the law does
not sanction it, that they come here and ask it at
the hands of Congress.
The Senator from Maryland, I apprehend, is
utterly mistaken in his idea that a minister abroad
who is sent to one court, is by law exonerated
from obeying the directions of the Piesident to go
to another court. A minister who is resident
abroad, is under the direction of the President. If
the President directs him in the course of the pub-
lic service to go to another country and transact
special business, and he declines, of course he for-
feits his commission as insubordinate. U is the
usage of all countries; it has been the usage of
our country, to consider our ministers as under
the control of the Executive, to be sent, if the
public service requires, from one court to another
for the transaction of special business.
Now, sir, here is the naked case of gentlemen
in South America, commissioned there to certain
courts, who were directed to go to other Govern-
ments for the purpose of negotiating treaties.
That will very frequently arise again; and if it is
the sense of the Senate that they are entitled, be-
cause of alleged precedents, necessarily to receive
a round outfit; whether they go a thousand miles
or five hundred miles or fifty miles, it will be the
establishment of a precedent from which we are
not hereafter, 1 presume, to depart. I said be-
fore, sir, that I did not look to the cases adduced
by the Senator from Georgia, because I did not
regard this as a matter of precedent at all. The
compensation of our diplomatic functionaries, fur-
ther than what the law entitles them to, is entirely
within the control of Congress, to be judged of by
the circumstances of each case. I can very well
understand that Mr. Clay, having negotiated the
treaty of peace at Ghent, and being ordered to
London on special services there, might be con-
sidered, in the estimation of the Government, as
entitled to a sum equal to $9,000, when, if he had
been sent from one place in South America to
another, he would not have been so entitled; be-
cause we know very well that in Europe a man
who is clothed with diplomatic functions is sub-
jected to a scale of expenditures to which he is
not subject in the little courts of South America,
and therefore what would be' proper in one case
would not be proper in the other. I will not de-
tain the Senate. The question is before them. I
wilt not trouble them further.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations one ques-
tion. As 1 understand it, the President of the
United States appointed these two gentlemen as
full ministers, to do a certain act, in different
States from those where they represented this
Government.
Mr. MASON. The fact was this: Mr.Schenck
was Minister Plenipotentiary, and Mr. Pendleton
was Charge d'Affaires, and those gentlemen, thus
occupying these grades at the countries to which
they were accredited, were vested with plenary
powers to go and negotiate treaties with other
Governments.
Mr. DAWSON. That necessarily made Mr.
Pendleton, for the objects intended by the com-
mission, a full minister, instead of a charge.
Mr. MASON. That may be the Senator's
inference.
Mr. DAWSON. Necessarily so. He went
under a joint commission. Mr. Schenck already
was a full minister; and he could not have been
reduced down. When the President appointed
these gentlemen, he did it under the Constitution,
appointing ministers to do particular acts m dif-
ferent States from those to which they were
accredited. When Mr. Schenck went to perform
that duty, he went as the minister of this Gov-
ernment, appointed by the President. If he had
not executed the order given to him by the Presi-
dent before the meeting of Congress, would not
the President have submitted his nomination to
the Senate of the United States for confirmation?
Under the law he cannot draw both outfit and
salary, because the confirmation did not take
place. Now we, as the Senate, have ratified the
acts of these gentlemen by unanimously confirming
the treaty which (hey submitted to us, and have
thereby substantially confirmed the nomination.
Now, are they not, m legal acceptation, entitled
to ail the rights which arise under the law, even
in the double capacity? I think so, and more
especially after (he precedent has been established.
Mr. MASON. I will mention a single case.
Recently, Mr. Borland wasseutas Envoy Extraor-
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, accredited
to the five Governments of Cential America, to
reside sometimes at one of them and sometimes
at another. It was deemed convenient to send a
minister plenipotentiary to that counti y, instead
of the charges who had been heretofore sent to
some of these States. Now, under the views
taken of the obligations of the Government by
some gentlemen, that gentleman is entitled, by
law or by the usage of precedent, to five outfits,
and may come here for them.
Mr. DAWSON. When Mr. Borland went
out, his commission contained on its face all the
States to which he was accredited.
Mr. MASON. So it did.
Mr. DAWSON. And he accepted the com-
mission under that view. Mr. Schenck, when he
went to Rio, went as minister to resident Rio. He
afterwards performed this duty eighteen hundred
miles from there. Can it be presumed that an
American minister, going: to act with foreign min-
isters from England and France, and other Gov-
ernments, should go there stripped of any of the
means of sustaining the national character and
dignity of this nation, for want of a sufficient
sum? Certainly not. And it is known to us all
that the salaries of these officers are so smali that
it is difficult for them properly to sustain the char-
acter of the nation as it ought to be.
Mr. BAYARD. This debate has satisfied me
as to one question, not as to the measure of com-
pensation which ought to be allowed to these gen-
tlemen. It has satisfied me that this is clearly a
private claim. I do not see how it can be put on
any other ground. If there be any meaning in
the rule of the Senate, this amendment cannot be
attached to the bill. I object to it on that ground,
though I do not wish to pass any judgment on
the claim itself.
Mr. MASON. It is proper that the Senate
should understand that the salaries of each of
these gentlemen—one as minister, at $9,000 a year,
and the other as charge, at $4>500 a year—were
continuing during the period that the committee
propose to pay them at the rate of twenty-five
dollars a day; so that, if the amendment of the
committee be adopted, Mr. Schenck would re-
ceive, during that period, at the rate of a double
salary, and Mr. Pendleton would leceive his own
salary, and at the rate of a minister plenipotentiary
during that period.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr, President, I am willing
to pay these two gentlemen the highest sum which
is deemed reasonable, but I am not willing to pay
it as an outfit, i am not willing to recognize the
principle that where fi minister at one court is de-
tailed on special business at another, he is to have
an outfit for being thus detailed. The object of
an outfit was to enable the minister to buy his
furniture and go to housekeeping at the place to
which he should be sent. The outfit was given
to enable him to procure a house, and set up $n
establishment. Then his salary was to cover the
residue. That practice was adopted when it was
the custom, at most of the capitals of Europe, to
renthouses unfurnished, and ittook a large portion
of the salary to furnish a house and get prepared
to live in it. Afterwards, he was to have only his
salary. For that reason there was double pay for
the first year, m the shape of salary and outfit.
Now, the practice is to rent houses furnished at
nearly all the courts; and I believe the whole doc-
trine of outfits ought to be abolished, and the sal-
aries increased, so as to give the ministers so much
for each year.
In regard to this amendment, I am unwilling to
make this allowance as an outfit; and yet these
gentlemen were sent to these respective places, fif-
teen or eighteen hundred miles distant from the-
countries to which they were accredited, and had
to pass through a region where traveling is per-
haps unsafe, m concert with the representatives of
foreign countries, and are compelled, of course, to-
incur heavy expenses. I think they should be
amply paid; but I am not willing to recognize the
principle that each time an officer of this nature is
detailed on a special duty, he shall have an outfit
for it. Within the last year an instance came under
my own notice. We had a slight difficulty, on
account of a small claim on the king of Greece, by
one of our citizens, and also another question in
connection with Dr. King. Mr. Marsh, our Min-
ister in Turkey, was sent from Constantinople
down to Athens to attend to it. I do wot know
how often he went, but he went several times.
He could go there in a couple ofdays in a steamer,
so that much tune was not occupied in those trips.
I insist that Mr. Marsh ought to be paid for these
trips, and well paid for his extra expenses and
services at Athens, while he was Minister at Con-
stantinople; but I should not be willing to say that
for each time he took the steamer from Constan-
tinople to Athens, whether he was gone one week
or three months, he should have a full outfit. It
might be that in the course of a year or two in this
way, his outfits would run up to more than double
the amount of our claims against that Govern-
ment.
It is often very convenient to detail a minister
to go to some neighboring court, where we do
not deem it necessary to have a constant resident
minister, to do a special act. Take the case of Ger-
many, where there are a large number of small
States. We have a representative at Berlin. We
may desire to send him down to Dresden, m Sax-
ony, or to Hanover, or to any of the little inde-
pendent dukedoms there; but if we should send
