1080-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
representatives here and in the Senate. We are
the weaker party now in both bodies, and I hope
we shall riot so legislate as to place us at a greater
disadvantage.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Most of the
arguments presented by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, might have been very appropriate when the
bill proposing to give six hundred and forty acres
to the emigrants was before the House for con-
sideration. That, however, is now a law. The
question whether it was a proper law or not, is
not now before us. I think 1 voted for that law,
and that it was a proper one. We wanted to
have Oregon settled up, and it was necessary to
offer inducements to the people of all parts of the
country to go there. It was in the nature of a
military occupation. It was consistent with the
policy of the Government in various other in-
stances. It was in perfect consistency with the
policy of my own State. In the early settlement
of Georgia large grants of land were given to any
individuals who would come and settle the coun-
try. I think the policy a wise one, and I am pre-
pared to defend it.
Hut the only question before us at this time, is
whether the individuals who have gone out to
Oregon and settled there, shall be hampered and
rcstiicted by the provisions of that law. Rir, the
policy of the Government, whether i ight or wrong,
was for the benefit of those who hazarded every-
thing to go out to that country. Now, if that was
the policy, I appeal to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia—is it wise, is it just, that we should still
trammel and restrict them' The object, when fhut
law was passed, was to benefit the pioneer. Why
should we not go on and still benefit him ? Let
us carry out the same policy. I do not see why
we should continue the restriction; and I am, there-
fore, for repealing this proviso. The Government
cannot be injured by it. It is not proposed by this
bill to give away another acre of the public lands.
The gentleman argues as if we were disposing
of the public lands. He says he is against giving
away the public lands in the Territories. This
bill does not propose to give away an mob of the
public lands. The propriety of such grants is not
now the subject-matter of discussion. The simple
question is, will you do this act of justice to the
western pioneer? For one, I am disposed to do it.
Mr. LETCHER, Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow me to ask him a question ^
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. When the gentleman voted
for the Oregon land bill, what did he mean by
putting m the proviso5
Mr. STEPHENS. The proviso wns put in, I
suppose, as was stated by the gentleman from
Washington Territory (Mr. L\ncawi:!i| just
now, to satisfy the scruples of some gentlemen who
thought that the Hudson's Hay Company would
be benefited by flu* bill.
Mr. LETCHER. That, is another thing alto-
gether.
Mr. COr.B. There was no objection made in
the House to the proviso, for I was here at the
time.
Air. STEP! f ENS. i do not undertake to say
why the proviso was put in the bill. { only say
that it may have been put in for the reason as-
signed. by the gentleman fiom Washington Ter-
ritory 1 have no distinct iccollection of the his-
tory of that bill, or why the proviso was put in
at all. It may have been thought proper at that
time to prevent the claims from hpuig sold. 1 do
not know what the reason was. But when the
case comes up now, and the pioneers come here,
and thiough their Representatives here, state to us
clear and just rcunona why the lestriction should
be removed, why should we insist on retaining
it? There is no reason for it that 1 can see.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Lkh u~
kr's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. COBB. I modify my amendment by
adding a proviso:
Provided, The recipient-? of .s:ud «u f s-hali luve lived
four year* upou >aid lands thereby gianfed.
But, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Par- ;
kkr] thinks he has an amendment that will answer ■
the purpose better, I will adopt his suggestion '
Mr. PARKER, i offer the following amend- i
raent, which the gentleman from Alabama accepts 1
as a modification of his own.
PfOcidd, That no s-rtle sliail be deemed valid until iho '
vender lsemifled to a patent loi the land- !
Mr. COBB. The remark of the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Lake,] that he is willing to
accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Parker,] supersedes the necessity
of replying to some of his remarks, as well as
those that have fallen from other gentlemen.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Parker] will change the phraseology a little,
so as to provide that " no person shall be entitled
or allowed the privilege of selling his claim until
he shall have resided upon it four years,5'1 will
accept his amendment.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Oregon, I
trust, will be satisfied tn&t the objection I made to
the section is a correct one.
Mr. LANE. To what section does the gentle-
man refer?
Mr. COBB. 1 an) not going back to the ori-
ginal section. One word of reply heie to the remark
! that has fallen from the honorable gentleman from
i Oregon, [Mr. Line,] that the citi/.ens of Oregon
! were capable of taking care of themselves. 1
know that there was a time, perhaps, when the
; proposition came up in regard to the people of his
i Territory, that he would not have suggested this
j second section in the bill. It clearly shows that
J he was not only capable in his individual capacity,
I but as their Repiesentative, of well lepresentnig
them. But let me tell (he gentleman from Oregon
that while I have been a ftiend to Oregon, and
have endeavored to promote the interests of the
people of that Territory, since I have been a mem-
ber of ihis House, I once had occasion to answer
to my constituents for a vote I gave in relation to
a matter before Congress, which was to put the
gentleman from Oregon upon an equality with
every other American Repiesentative, so far as
his mileage was concerned. My vote upon that
occasion was thoroughly sciunni/.ed, and I was
compelled to take the ;jtump to defend it. The
gentleman himself was not then capable of man-
aging bis own affairs to his entire satisfaction, i
came to his rescue then, as I have come to the
rescue of his citizens whenever I could possibly
do it in this House. I was obliged to take the
stump in defense of my vote upon that occasion;
but, thank God, my constituents vindicated my
course, and declaied that the old wai-worn soldier
should be put upon the same footing with eveiy
othei American Repiesentative,and that he should
be paid for the distance that lie traveled. 1 want
to announce to htm that I gave that vote, and my
people have indorsed me m doing so.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, I am very much
obliged to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] for his kindness now and on former occa-
sions. And 1 will say to him that he icpresents
a very sensible constituency, jlaughtei;j and that
he is a very good Representative of that '•onstitu-
ency. And to both those Outs 1 shall always be
happy to testify on this floor, twenty years hence
as well as now. There are one or two words which
I feel it to be my duty to hay. I desire to call the
attention of the committee, not to the amendment
—for I am willing to agiee to the amendment—but
to a few words winch came fiom my friend from
Washington Territory, |Mr. Lancaster,] in re-
lation to the late Delegate from Oiegon Territory.
i\ly friend from Washington Temtoiy took occa-
sion to say for that gentleman—my predecessor—
that while here he secured the passage of this pro-
vino, for the purpose of preventing the servants
of the Hudson's Bay Company fiom taking and
occupying claims; and paiticularly to deprive Dr.
McLaughlin of In.; property, known as the Oregon
City claim. He went on to say that it was this
which prevented Or. McLaughlin—who is the
most generous man on the face of God's earth,
according to him—from possessing propei ty which
he was entitled to. lie, who had lavishly ex-
pended his money for the benefit of American citi-
zens arriving in Oregon m a destitute condition,
was thus prevented fiom enjoying the property to
which he was ju&tly entitled'
Now, Mr. Chairman, I cannot sit here and listen
to assaults on the memory of my predecessor,
without at least attempting his vindication. Mr.
Thurston was among the pioneers of Oregon—the
men who, years ago, braved the perils, and en-
dured the hardships and privations of the plains
and mountains, in migrating to that remote and
then comparatively unknown region. He was a
man of noble impulses—a spirit adventurous and
enterprising, undaunted by dangers, unconquered
by difficulties. He was, if not the discoverer, the
man who pointed out to others the way to the
beautiful and fertile regions that lie beyond the
Rocky Mountains.
Possessed of fine literary attainments, of pleas-
ing address, affable and kind, he early gained the
affections, and secured the confidence of the peo-
ple of Oregon; and when a territorial government
was organized, he was selected as their first Dele-
gate to Congress. No Territory ever had a better
Delegate, no people a more vigilant and faithful
representative. Among the measures whose pas-
sage through Congress was secured by this inde-
fatigable servant of the people was the donation
law of 1850, under which law the gentleman from
: Washington now enjoys adomain of six hundred
• and forty acres on the banks of the Columbia,
worth, perhaps, >>520,000, for all which he is in-
debted to the labors of the lamented Thurston.
And yet, he rises in his place, in this Hall, and
! charges his benefactor with an unwarrantable ex-
ertion of his influence to secure the passage of a
law aimed at, and designed to giatify his malice
: against a paiticular individual. Such a charge
he brings, Mr. Chairman, not merely against a
' benefactor, but a benefactor who fell a victim to
! his untiring labors in the service of his constitu-
' ents. Having finished his term in Congress, Mr.
Thurston set out on his return, with his health
impaired by the many cares that pressed on his
mind in the discharge of his official duties. He
died on his passage from Panama, and was buried
at Acapulco. But the gratitude of the people of
I Oregon would not permit his body to rest in for-
j eign soil. His remains were brought by them to
! Oregon, and now repose at Salem, the capital, in
' a tomb moistened with the tears, and hallowed by
l the affections of a guileful people.
Such a charge does injustice, gross injustice, to
that mail; it does injustice to his memory; it does
injustice to his wife, to his oiphan children, to say
that he procured legislation for the purjiose of in-
uring any individual, or used his position and in-
fluence with such unworthy motives.
The Oregon City claim, I would heie add, be-
longed to the General Government, and Congress
saw lit to grant it to the Territory for educational
purposes. Of their action none have a right to
complaiN.
I have nothing to say, Air. Chairman, about
the individual who has been eulogized so highly
by the Delegate from Washington Territory. I
know him well. I know that he has some high
qualities. And I know another thing, that al-
though he may have expended $(>0,000, as the
gentleman says, for the benefit of destitute emi-
grants arriving at Oregon, I have not always
found him so liberal, and no man knows him more
intimately, I think, than I do. 1 only say this
much to vindicate the character of one who repre-
sented Oregon Territory, and who did, I think,
as much as any man on the Pacific coast could
have doneforthe good ofhis constituency. There
are many men here who knew him, who served
with him, and who, J believe, will bear mc out in
saying that I have not spoken too highly in vin-
dication ofhis memory.
Mr. LANCASTER. It is proper that f should
make an explanation. I spoke hastily what! have
spoken, but nevertheless I spoke the truth. I was
a resident in that country before my learned friend
[Mr. Lane.] [Laughter.] I call him "learned"
on the authority of his friend here, [Mr. Cork.]
[Renewed laughter.] Beit.g a stranger here, I
take things as I find them upon this floor. 1 state
here what 1 know to be the truth. I have no in-
terest which would lead mc to promulgate what
might be deemed untrue, to this House.
I was in that country before General Lane, the
Delegate from Oregon was theie, and before that
Territory was oiganized. I make these remaiks
because I wish to show how it is that I have some
knowledge upon this subject. Dr. McLaughlin
has done more for the American settlements upon
the Pacific coast than all other persons put to-
gether. 1 know it to be so.
And I state further, that there is not a single
scientific work which has any relation to that
country, there is not a report of a naval or of a
military officer, there is not a report of a learned
gentleman of any profession, who has ever visited
that country, in which the horpitality of Dr. Mc-
Laughlin is not spoken of. Look at Lieutenant
Wilkes's ami Colonel Eiemont's reports, and at
