1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
him to ten or fifteen or twenty of them in a year,
occupying a day or two in each case, are we to
be obliged to pay a  outfit in every case ? Shall
we pay an outfit when he goes to Dresden, where
he can go in four hours, or to the free town of
Hamburg, where he can go in four or five hours,
or to Bremen, which it will take him six or seven
hours to reach, or to, Hanover, where he can ar-
rive in four and a half hours, or to Wurtemburg,
or to any of those small kingdoms? I apprehend
it will not do to recognize the principle that each
time a minister is detailed in that way for special
duty, he must be paid a full outfit.
In this case, when Mr. Schenck was appointed
Minister to Rio, he went under a law pioviding
$0,000 outfit and $9,000 salary for the minister
there; but there was no law of Congress author- |
izing or providing for missions to the other na~ j
tions to which he was sent to make treaties.
There was no salary, no appropriation to pay for ,
Such services; but he took that apointment under j
this implication : that he would go and obey the 1
orders of this Government, and perform this spe- !
cial duty, and receive such pay therefor as Con-
gress should deem just and proper under the
circumstances. There was no law recognizing j
this mission; there was no law providing for H;
there was no salary fixed for it. In this case I
believe we paid his expenses, whereas, we do not
pay the expenses of regular ministers. Why? It
was outside of the law,—a case arising where
there was an exigency for the appointment of a
special minister for the occasion. There was a
manifest propriety in detailing the nearest diplo-
matic representatives of our Governments perform
this duty, and they should be well and liberally
paid for it. I am not prepared to say that the
sum specified by the Senator from Georgia is too
much. I make no point on the amount, buf I
insist that it must be paid as a proper and just
recompense to these gentlemen, for the services
which they performed under the circumstances,
and not as an outfit. If we commence the princi-
ple of allowing outfits m these cases, we shall get
into great difficulty in future, and perhaps may lay
the foundation of large claims in those cases to
which I have referred that have already occurred.
I am willing to be liberal, and I do not know that ,
I shall vote against the amendment fixed by the
Senator from Georgia, but my object is to protest
against what is urged here as a legal obligation.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to know what
are the terms of the amendment. Is there any-
thing said in it about outfits? Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Toombs, as inserted above.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Illinois will
perceive that there is no outfit mentioned in my
amendment.
Mr. MASON. If that amendment be adopted,
this officer will have received a highcrrate of com- {
pensation than any officer ever did before under j
this Government, 1 presume. He will have re- ;
ceived $22,500 for six months' service. i
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator from Georgia >
will withdraw his amendment, 1 propose to double ;
the amount proposed by the committee. We!
shall then adopt the principle of per diem compen-
sation, as proposed by the committee, and it will
amount to a little more than $9,000 for six months
services. I will propose to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by striking out twenty-five
dollars, and inserting fifty dollars, including ex-
penses.
Mr. BUTLER. They have had their expenses.
Mr. TOOMBS. As my amendment is in con-
formity with precedent, I do not feel at liberty to ;
withdraw it If it be voted down, the Senator !
from Missouri can offer his amendment. My j
proposition is in conformity with the precedents :
find the usual practice of the Government, and I j
think it right. j
Mr. ATCHISON. It was because 1 believed '
those precedents and that practice to be prepos- ■
tennis that I made the suggestion. :
Mr, SLIDELL. I would ask the Senator from i
Georgia whether Messrs. Clay and Adams, when >
they were transferred from one point to another j
on those special missions, were not commissioned
by the President, by and with the advice and con- I
gent of the Senate? i think that makes a very 1
material difference. _ i
Mr. TOOMBS. Tftey were not so coinmis- I
sioned in both cases. They were commissioned as J
commissioners to Ghent, by the President, by and i
with the advice and consent of the Senate, but, I |
think, not in the other cases. I
Mr. SLIDELL. My impression was, that >
they were so commissioned in the other cases by I
the President, by and with the advice and consent j
of the Senate. ;
Mr. TOOMBS. They were to negotiate the
treaty of peace.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I should like to ask an-
other question. The Senator from Georgia claims
this compensation for Mr. Schenck on the ground
that he was sent to these two different South
American Republics, Uraguay and Paraguay, as
Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Kxtiaordi-
naiy. I rather think he is under a misappiehen-
sion as regards the facts. Pie was sent as special
commissioner, but it does not appear that he was
sent as minister plenipotentiary.
Mr. TOOMBS. He was sent as a commissioner ;
with plenipotentiary powers. j
Mr. SLiDELL. So are all commissioners. i
Mr. TOOMBS, tie was accredited to the sov- j
ereign of the country, and not to the Minuter for ;
Foreign Affairs. Both these gentlemen were com- 1
missioned as full ministers, according to the uni- i
form piactice of the Government, as their com- |
mission was directed to the sovereign, and not to 1
the Secretary for Foreign Affairs. !
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to state a distinction j
which I draw. Every person who is sent to a j
foreign Government for the purpose of perform- I
ing a special duty, is quoad hoc clothed with plen- !
ipotentiary powers—that is clear; and the grade !
m which he serves regulates the standard of com- ;
pensation. Now, this is the point to which I ;
wish to direct the attention of the Senator from :
Georgia: What was the tenor of the commission !
under which Mr. Schenck acted in negotiating the j
treaties with these two Republics? Was he went !
there in the capacity of Envoy Extraordinary and j
Minister Plenipotentiary? Or was he a simple,
commissioner, deputed for a specific purpose? f
That is the point. j
Mr. TOOMBS. I have his commission here; i
and I can state to the Senator that he was sent as ,
commissioner, as Mr. Clay, and Mr, Adams, and j
the other gentlemen who weie sent to Ghent. lie i
was accredited to the sovereign. I think the Sen- ;
ator is m error m regard to his distinction. It j
does not follow, of course, that, if a gentleman be j
accredited to a court for a special duty, he has
plenipotentiary powers. That does not neces-
sarily result. When a man is sent as minister
resident or charge, he is not accredited to the
sovereign of the country. These gentlemen had j
precisely the same powers as Mr. Murray when ;
he was sent to Pans, anu precisely the same :
poweis as Mr. Clay and Mr, Adams when they ,
were sent to Ghent. Those were full missions, 1
and they were allowed the outfit ofa full mission. ,
Mr. BUTLER. I have endeavored to attain '
something like a conclusion conformable to pun- I
ciplein this matter; and if my friend from G&oigia [
had made good the general proposition with which ,
he started out, and which I think he has mam- I
tained with a great deal of plausibility, at least, |j
I should have voted with him; but as I understand ;|
now—and really it is from what he has stated, as !i
from anything else—when John Chutney Adams,
Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of St. 1
Peteisburgh, was requited to act in the negotiation ■
of the treaty of Ghent, he was appointed by the 1
President, by and with the advice and consent of !
the Senate, for that purpose. When Mr. Clay
left the United States for the purpose of negotiat-
ing the treaty at Ghent he also went under the
same sanction, with an incidental power to go to ■
London as commissioner and negotiate a commer- ;
cial treaty with Great Britain, upon the contin- ]
gency of the success of the treaty of Ghent. So I
far as regaids the claim for an outfit, I understand >
they claimed it by virtue of their commission de- •
rived from the President and Senate of the United h
States. j1
Mr. TOOMBS. Not that. They were not ;j
accredited to London, but the negotiation of the 'j
commercial treaty was expected to be at London, w
Mr. Clay was not sent to London, but at the time
he was sent to Ghent to negotiate the treaty of jj
peace, he was also instructed to form a commer- \ l
cial treaty. i!
Mr. BUTLER. ) wish to make thess two jj
propositions dear, or to have them naa^e clear, li
When John Gtuincy Adams was selected ,to go to
Ghent, he was made Minister in addition to his
functions as Minister Plenipotentiary at St. Pe-
tersburg. ^
Mr. TOOMBS. Pie was.
Mr. BUTLER, tie received that commission,
as I understand, by the nomination-of the Pres-
ident and the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS, tie did.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Clay received his ap-
pointment by the nomination of the President and
sanction of the Senate, and Mr Clay had author-
ity to go to London and negotiate this commercial
treaty. Now, as I understand, Mr. Clay did not,
in the first place, claim an outfit as Minister to
Great Britain, but his accounts were suspended,
and that claim was a subsequent matter.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator did not under-
stand me, or 1 was very unfoitunate in my re-
marks. The negotiations for the commercial
treaty were transferred to London, because the
British Government did not wish to make the
treaty at Ghent, and I said that Mr. Clay claimed
the whole $9*000 for going to London. He was
allowed at first only $4,500 for an outfit, and he
was subsequently allowed the balance under the
opinion of the Attorney General. But I will cor*
rect myself as to one point. I am not sure, (my
opinion is rather otherwise,) though the Senator
from Louisiana says it is so, that those commis-
sioners were appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate.
Mr BUTLER. That would be a very import-
ant element in my judgment.
Mr. TOOMBS. My impression is the other
way, but 1 am not certain.
Mr. BUTLER. Assuming, however, that they
went with the full authority of the Senate and the
President of the United States, I think they were
properly paid. I think Mr. Clay was properly
paid. The measure of compensation was to be
allowed by Congress, or the accounting officer,
and $9,000 was adopted as that measure. I am
j willing to acquiesce in it, but it is a precedent that
! ought not to be followed.
| Mr. MASON. Here are the commissions of
i these gentlemen. I have sent for them, and will
| read them to the Senate.
j Millard Fillmore, President of the United State? of
j Jlmericrt, to his Excellency the President of the Oiiental
Republic of Uruguay:
Grkat and good frifnd: I have made choice of Robert
C. tichenck, one of our most mHinguithed citizens, an
Envoy Extraoidinary and Minister Plenipotentiaty to i?rn-
/,)], to procetd to Montevideo on hu-Miiess connected with
the weliare of mir icspective countries. I consequently
pr.iy jour Excellency to give crcdence to whatever Mr.
Sf'lienck shall «ny to you on nur part, and most of all when
lie shall assure your Excellency of our ardent de>ire to
maintain unimpaired, and to strengthen the friendly rela-
uons which fortunately exist between the United States
and the Oriental Republic of Uruguay.
And so 1 pray God to have your Excellency in His safe
and holy Keeping.
Written at Washington, the 29lh day of April, A. D.
1852.
Your good friend, MILLARD FILLMORE.
By the President:
Daxiel Webster, Secretary of State.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will ask the Senator if that
is not the precise language of the letters of cre-
dence which he carried to Brazil?
Mr. MASON, No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is an exact copy, and they
carry nothing else abroad.
Mr. MASON. When Mr. Schenck went to
Brazil, he carried with him a letter of credit, an-
nouncing that he was Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary atBrazil. He was there
in that character, and clothed with that name. In
this paper he is described as Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Brazil, by
way of describing- the person that was sent on a
special mission to Uruguay; and so in the case of
Mr. Pendleton. This is a joint commission.
Millard Fillmore, President of the United States of
jitneiica, to all whom these presents shall comey Greeting :
Know ye, that for the purpose of confirming between the
United f>tate> and the Argentine Confederation, or ihe
States now or at any time composing the same, jointly, or
&eveialiv, perfect harmony and good correspond* nee, mid
rfposing special tru^ and confidence in the inugntv, pru-
dence, and abilities of Robert C- Schenck, Envoy Extras-
(Unary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United £>fate.< io
Krazil, and of John 5$. Pendleton, Oharg6 d'AffurfS or'the
United States to the said Confederation, f hereby ii'ves*
them jointly or xevewally, with full and all manner of power
and authority for and in ute name of the Uniltd States to
meet and confer with any person or person® duly author-
