1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
the reports of every other person who has visited
that country, and you will see that my statement
is correct in every word; and then you can add to
that the testimony of hundreds of persons who
have gone into that Territory.
Now, what was done in the case of Dr. Mc-
Laughlin? He alone, of all the persons upon
that coast, was singled out and deprived, by an
act of legislation, of his possessions. This old
man, gray-headed, and about to tumble into the
grave, with all the good qualities which he pos-
sesses, was singled out, and his claims taken from
him. Who has those possessions which formerly
belonged to -Dr. McLaughlin? My friend [Mr.
Lane] has part of that which was claimed by
him. He knows that perfectly well. Who has
the balance of it ? A part was appropriated to
the endowment of a university. What sales of
his were confirmed in Oregon Territory? and
what lands in Oregon are held by title under that
law? The lands which Dr. McLaughlin had
given away, and which cost them only the ex-
pense of survey and titles. What was his claim >
Oregon City. Who hold the lands now' Real
settlers. Up to a certain day the gifts which lie
made were confirmed to the persons to whom
they were made. What else was confirmed?
Every particle of the balance was taken from him,
and he does not hold a foot by virtue of that do-
nation. He is the only man who could not re-
ceive the benefit of that donation act. That was
brought about by Mr. Thurston, the Delegate,
at that time, from Oregon Tenitory. 1 stale the
facts as 1 know them. Had 1 his speeches here,
I could prove to you the correctness of my asser-
tions. He stated that the reason why he was
deprived of the benefits of the act was because he
would not grind custom-work at the mill, which
he owned, for the toll. At the island null there,
they would guild for custom. For his refusal,
Mr. Thurston said the mill and his property should
be taken from him. Now, what are the facts of
the case ? On a certain day, Mr. Thurston and
tnyself, while I was proceeding in the discharge
of my duties as supreme judge of the Territory,
were together, and we crossed over the Willamette
river. The Doctor's null was standing still. We
then remarked that the time would come when
that water-power would be used—speaking in
reference to the water-power of the river. On
another day we stood at the same place. The
mill was then running, and the mill was sur-
rounded by wagons drawn by oxen and mules,
with the teamsters and people who were waiting
for their grists. We both saw it. Mr. Thurston
knew that Dr. McLaughlin was grinding for cus-
tomers, and yet not long after, in a speech upon
this floor of Congress, he made a statement, that
the Doctor would not grind grain for customers.
I do not say these things lo detract from his mem-
oi y, but I do say that the statement which he made
here he knew not to be founded in truth.
Mr. COBB. I can tell the gentleman from
Washington what Mr. Thurston said.
Mr. LANCASTER. I know what he said I
read his speeches as they were then published.
Mr. COBB. He said Dr. McLaughlin was
British.
Mr. LANCASTER. He said he was British;
he called him an old Jesuit.
Mr. COBB. I do not recollect that expression.
Mr. LANCASTER. He said it, and he made
the charges which I have suggested also.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 rise to a question of order.
This discussion is certainly wide of the subject
under consideration.
Several Members. Oh, no, let him go on.
Mr. LANCASTER. Well, sir, I thought it
proper to state the causes which led to the inser-
tion of this restrictive clause. It has been said
that it was to prevent the Hudson's Bay Company
from coming into possession of large tracts of
land.
Mr. COBB. There is no difficulty about that.
Mr. LANCASTER. There may be no diffi-
culty. It may be that I have traveled out of the
legitimate line of debate in stating these facts. 1
have had but little experience in the proceedings
of this body, and it may be that I have not kept
within the rules of order. 1 thought it proper,
however, to state the reasons which led to placing
this restriction in the donation act; and 1 think so
still. I stated that I believed it was to prevent
the Hudson's Bay Company from holding the land
taken by their servants within the limits of the
Territory, and I stated that the object of Mr.
Thurston in procuring its insertion was to prevent
Dr. McLaughlin from enjoying his possessions,
and to prevent the sales which he had made from
being confirmed.
A Member. Did Dr. McLaughlin ever receive
anything from these sales ?
Mr. LANCASTER. I believe, in some in-
stances, he received a nominal sum; perhaps five
dollars. But, Mr. Chairman, I will not detain the
committee. I have stated what were the reasons
which induced Mr. Thurston to procure this re-
striction ; and I hope it may be the pleasure of the
committee to repeal it.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Mr. Chairman, 1 hope
the committee will bear with me patiently for a
few minutes.
[Cries of " No!" " No !" and " Go on !"]
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from Washing-
ton has stated that Mr. Thurston had procured
the passage of a law for the purpose of depriving
Dr. McLaughlin of certain property which was
now in my hands.
Mr. LANCASTER. I said you owned it
Mr. LANE. Well, that is about the same.
The gentleman is intentionally honest in his state-
ment; but he misses the mark widely sometimes,
as 1 will show. I hope the committee will bear
with me, and I will make my explanation as
brief as possible. It will be necessary to trace
this matter as far back as 1S4I, in order to under-
stand it perfectly. About that time some Ameri-
can missionaries erected a mill upon an island in
the Willamette river. The building was com-
menced m 1841, and the mill was se"t running, 1
think, m 1843.
About that time Dr. McLaughlin took a claim
upon the main land adjoining, and not upon the
island, aa the gentleman from Washington has
erroneously stated. His claim extended only to
the banks of the river. He laid no claim to the
island, as the records of the surveys m the land
office will show. I am certain of the fact, for 1
have looked at them several times. It can be
proved by persons now living in Oregon that he
never did a lick of work upon it, or made any im-
provement on it at all; and he has never been
depiived of any property in consequence of this
act to which he was properly entitled, except the
Oregon City claim.
The records do not make the island Dr. Mc-
Laughlin's. The surveys do not make it Dr.
McLaughlin's. The proof does not make it his.
It never was his. lie was at the head of the
Hudson's Bay Company, and had been at the head
of it many years before the Constitution and laws
of the United Stales were extended overtbecoun-
I try—before my venerable friend [Mr. Benton]
| agitated the importance of taking hold of that
country. The Doctor was there, a British sub-
i ject, at the head of the richest company on the
i face of the earth, the East India Company ex-
' cepted. High Heaven never made a more thor-
! ough, truer Briton than is the Doctor. He is a
perfect aristocratic British gentleman. [Laughter.]
He is British in all his feelings, in all his senti-
ments.
With regard to the gentleman from Washing-
ton, [Mr. Lancaster,] I am not prepared to say
what part he took in the Cayuse war, how many
battles he fought, or how much blood he shed on
that occasion. Dr. McLaughlin, although worth
nearly $500,000, refused to give one single cent
for the prosecution of the war. He refused to
furnish a single load of powder and ball to fight
the enemy. He said that the Americans were to
blame; that Dr. Whitman was in the fault, and
had no business to go into an Indian country;
that his going there would bring on war. This
he said, although it was well known to every
person that Dr. Whitman was actuated by the i
benevolent design of elevating and improving the '
Indians. That kind of argument he brought for-
, ward as his excuse for not helping American citi-
| zens to fight the battles of the country. That is a
■ portion of his history.
'i It is true, that he treated my friend, Colonel
11 Fremont—a gallant man, whom I lovemuch—and
j j the gentlemen of science who visited that coast,
j; well, handsomely. They all, with the honest
i1 impulses of the American heart, on their return
! from the Pacific, gave him credit for his good
|| treatment of them. But when he got an oppor-
tunity to bear down on the' poor man, he did it.
He did not encourage the settlement of the country.
He saw, in my friend from Washington, superior
talent. A great lawyer had arrived on the Pacific
coast, and it was his interest and advantage to use
him, and he has done it. [Great laughter.] And
he has a eulogist in that gentleman, as he has in
all others whom he thought could promote his
interests in this country. 1 know him well.
On my way to this city, after having a little
row with the Rogue River Indians, I stopped in
Oregon City to see my mills. And here I may
say, that those mills nearly ruined me, pecuni-
arily. Their purchase was the worst thing I ever
did. I agreed to give near $100,000 for them. I
gave the earnings of twenty years of my life, and
have now sold out for one third what they cost
me. I am not now the owner of a single mill.
When I stopped there I found American citizens
coming into the Territory. Dr. McLaughlin lives
in Oregon City. He is not the feeble, old, de-
crepit man that my friend speaks of. He is about
seventy-five years of age. His hair is all white;
but he is the finest looking gentleman that you
ever saw. He is stout, stately, and weighs over
two hundred pounds. He is stouter than 1 am,
and I think that I am stouter than the gentleman
from Washington. He bids fair to live for forty
years yet, and I think that he will. He is the
picture of health. If he does not die with the
gout, 1 question whether he ever will die. [Great
laughter.]
On my trip down I found the poor emigrants in
great need of subsistence, worn down with the
fatigue of a long journey, and, for the most part,
without money to buy the articles so necessary in
their then destitute condition. Dr. McLaughlin
has mills, thousands of pounds of flour, and Targe
amounts of money, but he would not let them
have one pound of (lour unless they paid for it.
This occurred last fall. If they could get good
security, he told them that he would give them
' credit. A note with good security was presented
to him, and then he would not let them have it.
They could not get even a pound of flour with
security, although so very benevolent a gentleman.
I mention these facts as history—they are his-
tory. I am not here to represent British subjects
or British interests, nor have I any feelings in
common with British subjects and British inter-
ests. I am willing to do justice to Dr. McLaugh-
lin. I should be sorry to see Congress deprive
him of one particle of his property, but it is ab-
surd to say that the Government of th£ United
States shall not make what disposition they please
of their own property because it is occupied by
British subjects. The rights of British subjects
were only to be respected by the treaty stipula-
tions. They were placed on an equal footing with
American citizens; and had not Congress a right
to set aside that land for educational purposes,
whether it was my claim oranybody else'sclaim?
I should like some acute lawyer to say if they
would. I should like to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Disney.]
[Laughter.] I am not joking. I want some gen-
tleman to say whether Congress had not a right
to appropriate the Government lands as they chose,
to educational purposes, or any other purposes
they thought proper ?
A Member. That would be a difficult question
to answer after the veto.
Mr. LANE. Well, they did reservethat land;
but they did not leave Dr. McLaughlin a poor
man. I would not undertake to say what he is
worth to-day, but he must be worth a quarter or
half a million at least; and I should not wonder if
he had more than §500,000 in cash besides his
property. I regard him as an honest man; he
pays all his debts. But he is not, in my opinion,
entitled to receive any exclusive privileges at the
hands of this Congress. I now ask for a vote on
the amendment.
Mr. LANCASTER. 1 merely desire to make
a single statement. My belief is, that at the pas-
sage of this act, Dr. McLaughlin had declared
his intention to become an*American citizen; and
I here state, before you, sir, and this committee,
that he is, as far as a foreigner can be, an Amer-
ican citizen; that he has taken the oath of alle-
giance, and is, to all intents and purposes, an
American citizen. How far he can be pronounced
a British subject, under these circumstances, 1 do
not know-
