878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
that early in the'session I introduced a bill provid-
ing for a further appropriation of $75,000 for the
settlement of these claims, and had it referred to
the Committee on Territories, and that committee
has not yet reported upon it. But it occurred to
Trie, that as this was a deficiency, it would be proper
to offer it as an amendment to the deficiency bill.
The Legislature of the Territory of Oregon ap-
pointed a commissioner to investigate the claims
growing out of the Cayuse war. He was a
sworn officer, paid by the Legislature. He has
allowed every soldier a fair compensation for his
services, and he has also allowed compensation to
those who had furnished clothing, subsistence,
and the munitions of war to the troops, lout he has
allowed for nothing but what was necessary for
the subsistence and maintenance of the force, and
for actual service. There is a balance of $75,000
still wanting.
I will say to the gentleman from South Carolina
what I an id befoie, that when I arrived in Otegon
my attention was called to this subject,and 1 took
the report of the Deputy Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, and the muster roll, and estimated the ex-
pense of the wy, and set it down in my message
at $190,000; but it is now found that $15,000 less
than that sum will pay it. 1 am glad that it is
less than I estimated, though I took care to esti-
mate correctly; and the reason why it is less is,
as 1 have before explained, that many of the per-
sons then in the service, and who furnished sub-
sistence, have since died and left no heirs.
JVff. OUR. 1 understand that theawards made
by this commission were in the shape of certifi-
cates, and th t, the money has not been paid by the
Territory of Oregon to these persona. Now, if
that be the true state of the case, I would submit
to the gentleman from Oiegon, in all kindness,
that I think it would be better for his claim if he
would allow some one of the committees of this
House to examine it, and report upon it. It can
then be often ed as an amendment to the Army
appropriation bill, or the civil «nd diplomatic
appropriation bill, or the specific bill for the pay-
ment of these claims can be taken up, and it will
be more likely to pass than if the claim is pressed
pressed now.
Mr. LANE. Has the attention of the gentle-
man from South Carolina been called to the law of
Congress appropriating $100,000 for the payment
of these Oayuse war chums ?
Mr. ORH. I was aware that that appropriation
had been made.
Mr. LANE. That law assumed the payment
of the just claims growing out of the war, and
$100,000 is not sufficient for that purpose. 1 read
from th.it law:
" He it n>,nlc,J h'j the Senate and Hon^e of Reprcscnta
lira of the Ifnited'States of -'Iido ft Cmi  ) assem-
bled, That tin- Seeictary <>| liic Trmsuy be, ami he ih
heiebv, and dire.-ted to xi'tih- the actual ami
ix'CO'Mrv expen-os m< uir< tl by the piovt-oomd irovern
mrnt ot Opsonin defending the people oi that Teiutory
Jiom the attacks. ami hostilities ot the Cayuns fndians."
Now, the Secretary'of the Treasury was thus
authoiized to pay 44 the actual and necessary
expenses'' incurred by the Territory, but he has
not got the means to do it because the requisite
uppiopriation has not been made. _ The only !
question i*: will you, after thus assuming the pay- ]
mentof the debt, make on appropriation sufficient 1
to meet it, or will you hesitate to make the appro-
priation ?
The amendment to the amendment was then, by
unanimous consent, withdrawn.
Mr. CKAIGH. This seems to be a matter of
great importance. 1 am, myself, in some doubt;
and in order that we may vote understandingly on :
the subject, and ic-arning that the committee will
probably make a report on it to-moirow, I move ;
that the committee do now lise. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope my friend will with-
draw his motion.
Mr. LAN E. I ask leave to withdraw the amend-
ment. 1 shall endeavor to attach it to the bill as
an additional section. By that time, in my judg-
ment, we will have ample opportunity to look into
and understand the question.
There was no objection, and the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. CRAIGE then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his motion that the committee rise.
Mr. MILLER. I would inquire of the Chair-
man whether that part of the bill relating to marine
hospitals has been passed? J desire to submit an
amendment in reference to the marine hospital at
Evansville.
The CHAIRMAN. That part of the bill has
been passed.
Mr. MILLER. Would it be in order for me
to submit an amendment of the kind 1 have sug-
gested at this place?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask leave to submit my amend-
ment at this time. I was informed when the sub-
ject of marine hospitals was under consideration
that there was no deficiency in the appropriation
for the one at Evansville. Since then 1 havelearned
otherwise.
The CHAIRMAN. When the bill has been
gone through with the Chair will give the gentle-
man the floor to submit his amendment.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
Mi. HOUSTON. 1 move to strike from the
bill the following:;
"For paying pens-ions of invalids who were wounded on
boaid of private armed vessel* during the la^t war with
Cheat Britain, from the 1st of July, 1851, to the 30th of
June, IW-1, ;
i!A!,d the office for paying privateer pensions m Boston
is hereby abolished, and tin'-aid pensioners shall be paid
as privateer pensions are p.uU at other places."
Ill the regular bill, the Committee of Ways and
Means agreed to a provision of this sort; but it
was stricken out in the Senate, and when returned
to this House that amendment of the Senate was
concurred m. I therefore move the amendment
I have, m accordance to what seems to be the
sense, not only of the Senate, but also the House.
I ask for the reading of the letter from the Pen-
sion Office, which fully explains the entire subject.
The Senate struck out a similar provision from the
regular bill, on the ground that the privateer fund
was exhausted, and 1ms been exhausted, for sev-
eral years. Theiehas been no appropriation un-
der that head since 1850. This provision, which 1
ptopose to strike from the bill under consideration,
provides for the pension from that time until now.
As the Senate struck out the former provision, and
that action was concurred in by this House, 1
take it for granted that this ought to be stricken
out.
The Clerk then read a part of the following
communication, but was interrupted by the full-
ing of the hammer, under the five-minutes rule:
Pi'nmon Officf, December 10, IRoH.
Pin: fn pni-uanco ot your request, J h.tvo Hip honor to
make the following statement on the subject of pi ivateer
pensions:
hy the acts of Juno 1*, 181*2,17th section, (Statutes at
vol p 7:7),) and l-Ybniary 13.1813, section
2, p. 799,) two pei centum of the pri/.e money accruing
ft'>ui vc-m-N ami oaigoe-i c.iplnred, and of the fiilvajje ot
\t>-i'K.ind raitroos iceaptuied by private armed ve\«k,
was constituted " a fund lor the -upport and maintenance
ol the widows .uid orphan* of Mich pot so,is a*. ninv he ^lam,
and of I'lieli pcr-ons a* may he wounded and disabled on
bo:nd of the pi i\ ;ite ai med vism'K of the United Slates, m
anv eima^ement with the enemy."
Section 2, of the latter aet, pi escribes under what regu-
lations, and at what ratef, the invalids shall bo phiced on the
pension list, to be "paid out of the fund above provided,
and no other."
Act oi .W.ueh 4, THI {, section I, {vol ff, p. 103,) grants to
the widows and oiphain of officers, M>amen, and niaimes,
M'rvintf on board ot private armed 'X'^eK who have died,
or shall die, by reason ol a wound leretvd m the hue of
duly, pensions tor lt\<j yenr-*, jated at halt the monthly pen-
sion to which the deceased would have been entitled for
!u<ihct>t disability.
Aet of Aptil 16. IS]8, section 1, (vol. 3, p. 427.) fetiowh
the pensions yi anted under act of 4th Maieh, 1814, for the
fuither term of five year*.
Section ~ <>f the act extends the benefits of the privnb.
tcer pension? 10 the u tdow> and orphans of those who have
died in eoiwrpienee of accident or carnally, occurring m
the hne ofdutv.
Act ot Apul 9, 1?2I, (vol. 4. p. 18.) continue*: to all per-
son.> now in receipt thereof, the pension* minted to widows
and oiphain, bv the acts of March 4, 1H4, and April 16,
LSI?1; piorided that -neh '• pen-ions shall alone he paid
from the pioceeds of the pi ivateer pennon fund, so called,
and without rucmuse to the United States for any defi-
ciency."
Act of May 20, lftM, (vol. 4, p 71.) extends the same to
tho?e who-e pensions had expired before the 9th Apid,
182 k the date of the last recited aet.
Act ol 3Tay23, I&B, section 2, (vol. 4, p. 288,) renews,
foi five j'ears, to all u widows who now are, or who, at any
time within one year, have been in receipt thereof, the pen-
sions granted by acts of March 4, 1811, and April 16, 1818 ;
the same to be paid out of the privateer pension fund, with-
out reeouine," &.C.
4ct of .Tune 19.18'U, (vol. 4, p. 679,) renews.for a further
term of nve years, the u pensions of all widows who now
aie, oi have been heretofore m the leeetpt thereof, under
the acts of Mai-ch 4, 1814. and April 16,1818 ; provided that
said pensions snail be paid from the proceed? of the priva-
tes pennon fund, and without recourse to the United States
for any deficiency which may heie/mci ause thereon."
Act June 15, 1844, (vol. 5, p. 667,) appropriates $18,000
for the pavment of invalid pensioners, heretofore paid fiotn
the pmateer pension fund, their pennons to commence from
the tune they were stopped m consequence of the exhaus-
tion off-aid fund.
By reference to the account of the receipt and expendi-
tures of the United States ior tne fiscal year ending 30th June,
3 844, page 253, it will be s< en that the privateer p^iwion
fund was then reduced to a balance of $74 07. This date,
therefore, may be assumed as that of the exhaustion of the
fund.
The appropriations for invalid privateer pensions were
continued until August 17, 1850, by the act of which date
,$3,000 were granted for their payment to the 30ih June,
1851, inclusive. No piovifion ha? been made for the
widows subsequent to that given by the act of 1834.
The datesot the commencement of privateer pensions,
whether of invalids or widows, were not defined, but re<;u-
lat«>d asm the case of navy pension-*, aee<mhn?j to the com-
pletion of proof, the decease of the. husbands, and upon
renewal by the termination ot former pensions.
Jt cannot, therefore, except in geueial terms, be stated
when the widows' pensions ceased; that as the act of June
19, 1834, renewed them tor five \ ear*, they mav he assumed
to have ceased at the end of the fiseal year, 30ih June, 1839.
The estimates for the current fiscal year have been made
solelv with reference to the puvateer invalid pensions.
Should it he the pleasure of Congress to mak  further pro-
vision tor the widows, the amount inquired would depend
upon the dates prescribed for the commencement of their
pensions.
As from inquiries made, there is reason tobeheve that
claims may be advanced by parties not hitherto on the pen-
sion list, it is proper for me to add, that snch claim* could
not be adjudicated by this-otfice, without further legislation.
The privateer pension laws provided pensions, pavahle out
of a specific fund •, that fund being exhausted, the law* have
no longer fotce. The annual appropriations heretofore
made, and now asked for, refer only to those pensions
already upon the h^t.
J have the honor to bo, very respectfully, your obedient
aeivant, P. WALDO, Commissioner.
Hon. onorge s Houston,
Chairman Com. of JVayi and Means, Mouse of Reps.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I do not know
that I am very well posted up upon this matter, but
I have received a letter from one of my constitu-
ents, inquiring for information, and he proposed
to send me some papers—which I have not yet
received—touching this matter of privateer pen-
sions. When the subject was up yesterday, I in-
tended to make a motion, by way of amendment;
but 1 wtis not in possession of all the facts, and I
let the opportunity pass, that the bill might be
amended in the Senate.
But looking at this matter as it is, it seems to me
that you will do great injustice to those persons
who have received pensions vip to this time by
cutting them olT. Most of them are poor find old,
and have done great service to the country. The
probability is, if you take this course in regard to
these pensions, you will have them here in another
shape, and have the whole thing to do o"ver again.
I hope the clause will not be stricken out of the
bill, but that it will be retained for the benefit of
those persons. I think they aie just as much
entitled to a pension as the thousand and one who
aie receiving them. They have all rendered ser-
vices to the country, and at a time when a great
deal of service was done by private armed vessels-
Though the fund is exhausted, it seems to me,
that with ample means in the Treasury at this
time, we should not cut off these pensions because
there are a few thousand dollars, more or less, of
the fund raised for paying these privateer pen-
sions.
I trust that the House will think these genera!
reasons are sufficient why we should not shut
out this meritorious class of men. It will be re-
membered that at that time we had but few vessels*
and they were but small. The power and strength
of America were then as well tested in these small
vessels as in large ones; and those men were im-
bued with just as natch patriotism as if they
had sailed in larger vessels. Privateers were then
looked upon with more toleration than they would
be in our enlightened days, when commeice has
become so vast and extensive, and when anything
like privateering would be at once discouraged.
At that time ourcitizeras looked upon it as a just*
right, and fair enterprise; and I think, in view of
that fact, that those who engaged in such enter-
prise should be put in the same position with
other pensioners. I regret that I cannot enlighten
the committee more fully upon this subject, as I
was desirous of hearing further from those who
have written to me upon the subject. If I had
not already received some letters in reference to
this matter I should not have made these desultory
remarks.
Mr. VANSANT. In the hope that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means would
have given some other reason than the indisposi
