1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Mr. LANE. Allow me to state, for the benefit \
of the gentleman from Washington, that Dr. j
McLaughlin did take the oath in my presence
when I was Governor of the Territory; but I am
not certain that he has completed his naturaliza-
tion.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Anbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary, notifying the House that that body had
passed Senate bill No. 352, entitled " An act ex-
tending, in certain cases, the provisions of the act
entitled 4 An act to extend preemption rights to
certain land therein mentioned,' approved March
3, 1853," and requesting its concurrence therein.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Parker,] providing that no sale
shall be deemed valid until the vender is entitled
to the patent for the land. The gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] moves to strike out the words
" the vender is entitled to the patent for the samp,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words li unless the
vender shall have resided four years upon the
land."
Mr. PARKER. I accept the modification.
The question was then taken on Mr. Parker's
amendment as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I now withdraw my amendment.
The fourth section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
s3kc. 4■ •/hid be it further enaded, That, hi lien of the
txvo townships of land granted to tlx; Teirnoiv of Oieumi
by fli*' tenth section of tlie act of 1850, lor tin ivei-ities, there
frball foe granted to each of the Tenitojio of Washington
and Oregon, two townships of land of thirtv-eix sections
each, to he selected in legal <*ul>diviMons, and applied to \\
tmiveiHtv purpose*, under the direction of the Legi&latuies |[
of said Terriloires, respectively, j |
Mr. HENN. I move to amend that section in
the fourth line, by striking out the word " grant- !|
ed," and inserting in lieu thereof the word *'ie- |j
served." |
Mr. KNOX. I move that the committee rise. ;j
The question was then taken; and it was decided i1
in the affirmative. '
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker !
pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,) having!
taken the chair, the Chairman reported that the ;
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union i
generally, and particularly the special oider rela-
ting to the territorial business of the organized
Territories, and had directed him to repoit hill
No. 315, "to establish the office of surveyor
general of New Mexico, to grant donations to
actual settlers therein, and for other purposes,"
with sundry amendments, but had come to no
conclusion upon the other hills.
On motion by Mr. LILLY, the House then ad-
journed, at three o'clock and forty-five minutes,
ill to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
TinmsuAY, May 4, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Si.ickr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Cleik, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill from
the Senate to change the name of the bark Albe-
ona to Mount Vernon.
Also, that the Speaker of the Mouse had signed
the enrolled bill making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, Ib'5f>.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the bill.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a messagefrorn the President of the United
States, relative to the expediency of adopting
further measures for the safety, health, and com-
fort of immigrants to the United States by sea;
which was referred to the Select Committee ap-
pointed to inquire into the subject, and ordered to
be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Otsego county, New York, remonstrating
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, remon-
strating against the repeal of the Missouri corn- |
promise; which was oidered to he on the table. i
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of one hun- ;
dred and sixty-four citizens of New York, remon- j
strating against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; which was ordered to lie on the table. ;
Mr. GWIN presented documents in relation to j
the claim of J. 0. Edwards, for the payment of a j
draft drawn by G. W. Barbour, Indian agent in j
California; which was referred to the Committee ;
on Indian Affairs. j
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a resolution of the i
Legislature of Louisiana, in favor of the estab- i
lishmeut of a weekly mail from New Orleans to j
the Buras settlements, in the parish of Plaque- ,
mines; which was referred to the Committee on !
the Post Office and Post Roads. I
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Wil- j
liam Moran, praying remuneration for a horse |
belonging to htm, winch was accidentally killed on ;
the work of the extension of the Capitol; which ;
was teferred to the Committee on Claims. j
SPIRITUAL MANIFESTATIONS. I
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have a memo- i
rial from citizens of Missouri and Wisconsin in
reference to what are known as "spiritual mani-
festations." 1 believe the memorial is similar in
character to that presented recently by my honor-
able friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] It con-
cludes by asking for the appointment of d scientific
commission to which this subjectshall beiefeiied;
and for such an appropriation as will enable the
commissioners to prosecute their inquiries to a suc-
cessful termination. I have such a respect, sir,
for the right of petition that I do not hesitate to
present this memorial; but, 1 desire to be under-
stood as expressing no opinion upon its prayer.
As the other memorial went upon the table, I ask
that this lie there also.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 was very much censured
for not having the former memorial referred to a
select committee; and I was in hopes that my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts would make
up for my delinquency, and that he would ask for
a select committee to which both memorials
should he referred. I should be very willing to
serve on a committee, with him as chaitman, to
investigate the matter in that way. I want to put
myself light on this very nice point, for it lias
been charged that I have smothered a petition
which was intrusted to me, and I am sorry now
to see that my friend from Massachusetts makes
himself liable to a similar charge.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Illinois will
undeistand that I have but followed his lead in
the course I have taken. Besides, I may add,
that the petitioneis, m forwarding to me their me- ■
monal, made no such request to me as I under- i
stand was made to my honorable friend. They
did not ask that 1 should move its reference to a
select committee.
Mr, SHIELDS. That may be so, I was asked
to have it referred, and the only trouble was, that
I said at. the time I did not know that it was pos-
sible for a select committee to consider such mat-
ters, but I did not promise that I would have it
referred. I wns in hopes, however, that when a
proper occasion arose m the Senate, I should be
accorded an opportunny to show the interest I
take in this investigation; and to show that I wish
to have the subject thoroughly examined. I un-
derstand the excitement in regaid to it is increas-
ing very largely throughout the country, and I
was in hopes that my friend from Massachusetts,
who I think is really a very scientific gentleman,
; would do this subject, as he does every other,
ample justice.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate, the papers of Brinton
Paine, which weie referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims heretofore, and upon which
an adverse report was made. The object is that
they may be sent to the Commissioner of Pensions,
who has been furnished with other papers, in order
that the application may be renewed there upon
new grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. Some two weeks since, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Pensions, by their direc-
tion, I asked, and they were discharged from the
further consideration of the case of Leonard Proc-
ter. Since that action additional testimony has
been sent in which strengthens, in my judgment,
the evidence of the case. 1 therefore move to
recommit the petition and papers in the case of
Leonard Procter, to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That William G. Morehead have leave to with-
draw 1ns petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of Corne-
lius H. Latham, reported it back without amend-
ment, together with a report on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the some committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Field, clerk
of the United States district court for the district
of Aikansas, praying to be allowed additional
compensation for preparing an abstract of the
bankrupt cases in the above named court, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Hardy H. Holstead and others, prnymg a
modification of the bounty land law, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration,and that
it be referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
ofSamuelJ. Peteis, praying to be allowed an
amount of spurious coin received by him while
collector of the customs at New Orleans, that item
having been rejected on the settlement of his
accounts, reported adversely then eon.
TRANSPORTATION OF TROOPS, ETC.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, calling for the
amount expended tor the tran portation ot iroopr-, Mipphes,
and munitions foi the land .md naval forces in the Pacific ;
also, for ihe transportation of the mails for the last thiee
yeais, be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Repieseniatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed a bill to
change the name ot the bark Aebeona to Mount
Yernon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the above
named bill.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to pi ovide for can ying the mail according to time;
which was lead a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT LEE.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Rc.('lvcd7 That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to turu aid to the Senate the lepoit and chart of Lieutenant
S. P. Lee, late commanding the United Slates surveying
bug Dolphin.
I ask the Senate to consider the resolution at
this time. It is for the purpose of bringing before
the Senate, that it may be propeily refened, this
report, which is a matter of very high commercial
interest to the country, as it is in reference to an
exploration of the north and south Atlantic. The
exploration was made in obedience to the law of
Maich3,]849. The report is in the Navy Depart-
ment, and the Department is willing and ready-
to send it to the Senate. I offer the resolution,
therefore, in order that we may have an opportu-
nity to have it before us.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that there be printed
one thousand additional copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, m regard to the current
operations of the Mint, and one thousand addi-
tional copies of the report of the Director of the
Mint, m regard to the fineness and value of cer-
tain foreign eold and silver coins.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will go to
the Committee on Printing:.
