1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1088
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would like to have the
two printed together, and to have five hundred for
the use of the Director of the Mint to exchange
with foreign Mints, and five hundred for the use
of the Senate. I presume, if there be no objec-
tion, the order can be made now.
The moiion was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
RAMSAY INVESTIGATION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask leave to withdraw
from the papers accompanying the report made
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, in reference
to the investigation into the official conduct of Gov-
ernor Ramsay, of Minnesota, certain papers which
1 hold m my hand, for the purpose of having them
referred to the accounting officers of the Treasury,
to enable one of the commissioners to settle his
accounts. The papers which 1 desire to have
withdrawn, t hold in my hand, and I will send
them to the Secretary's desk.
Mr. STUART. I should like to see what the
papers are, or to hear some statement of them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. They are certain vouchers
for expenditures of money made by Judge Younj?,
one of the commissioners in that investigation.
It is necessary that they should go through the
hands of the accounting officers of the Treasury
Department, for the purpose of having the accounts
finally settled. That is the explanation which is
given to me of the case, and I have no doubt it is
true.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear some
pretty full statement of this matter. As I under-
stand it, the Senate, by resolution, has paid Judge
Young out of us contingent fund. Now, I do not
know what the accounting officers of the Treasury
Department have to do with that. I do not wish
to object to anything that ought to be done, but i
think there is a great deal in reference to the
Ramsay transaction which ought to come to light
in some shape or other. Unless there is some
exposition more than the Senator has now given
us, I shall be compelled to object to his motion.
1 should like to have him look into the papers,
and see whether they meet his sanction.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have not examined the
papers myself, but I am told that they are vouchers
of Judge Young's, which, having been connected
with that transaction, have to go to the Treasury
Department, in order that the Department may
settle claims arising under the investigation. We
paid Judge Young simply one item—his per diem.
But an appropriation has been inserted in the In-
dian appropriation bill, by the Senate, for the
purpose of defraying the expenses of the investi-
gation, and I take it for granted that the papers
which are to be withdrawn are with reference to
that matter. The papers are now on the table,
and without making any motion in regard to them,
J will allow them to lie there for the pjesent in-
formally, that the Senator from Michigan may
look into them. I have no idea, that there is any-
thing wrong in the matter. The papers are there
for the Senator's inspection.
REDEMPTION OF STOCKS.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following resolution;
and I hope there will be no objection to its consid-
eration at this time:
Resolrcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo. re-
quested to furuiah, for the information ot the Senate, a
statement of the amount of the bonds, or other securities of
tin; United Stales, redeemed since the 3d of March, 1853,
specifying in such statement the date of issue ot' s-ucli bonds
or securities, the rate of interest, when payable, and the
amount ot premium paid on each class of the same.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COAL FIELDS IN NORTH CAROLINA. j
Mr. BADGER. On the day before yesterday j
I submitted a resolution, which was agreed to, in- j
structing the Committee on Military Affairs to j
inquire into the expediency of authorizing the j
President of the United States to cause an exam-\
ination and survey to be made of the coal fields
in the neighborhood of Deep river, North Caro-
lina, with a view to the establishment of a national
foundery and armory. I desire now to present
some papers in relation to the subject-matter of
the resolution, and to ask their reference to the
same committee.
In connection with the subject, I desire to state
that within a few years past various explorations
have been had of that region, which have led to a
strong conviction that there are inexhaustible sup-
plies of the best coal of several varieties, and of
iron, and the piobability that there is a large sup-
ply of copper ore also, immediately adjacent.
I thought it proper to bring this subject to the
attention of the Senate, and ask its reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with a view
that they should consider the propriety of taking
the necessary steps by legislation for an examina-
tion and survey. I think there is abundant reason
for thinking that no moreeligiblesite is to be found
in theUnited States for a public foundery than that,
1 would add, m connection with this, that the
Senate has passed a bill at this session, which has
been sent to the other House, making an appro-
pi iution for the removal of obstructions in the
Cape Fear river, so as to have free communication
with the ocean-, and that that bill will receive the
sanction of the House of Representatives. I do
not permit myself to doubt, so soon, as in the
course of their proceedings, they can reach it.
The necessity for the measure is so pressing, its
propriety so plain, and the duty upon the Govern-
ment is so obviously imperative, that whenever it
comes up it must meet with their approbation.
Therefore, I consider that there is an ocean com-
munication near at hand. There is, indeed, one
now; but I mean a better end more permanent
one. It will be the means of establishing com-
munication between these coal fields and the ocean,
and the markets of the world. Besides which, a
short line of railroad will soon, probably, connect
them with the Atlantic ocean at the harbor of
Beaufort, which, in my opinion, is the best and
most valuable harbor for the purpose of navigation,
and as a harbor of refuse, in the southern coun-
try. With these remarks, 1 beg to submit printed
copies of two reports: one made by an eminent
professor, Professor Jackson; and the other by
the State geologist, Professor Emmons; and ask
that they be referred to the Committee on Military
A flairs.
They were so referred.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate, us
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives,
granting the right of way to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain railroad through the arsenal, mag-
azine, and Jefferson barracks tracts, which was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
with an amendment.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out the following proviso:
7'hata good wire or other substantial fence be placed br
the said company between the road and public grounds, with
suitable iron gates and crossing places, at such points as
may be designated by the commanding officer at Jelfer.son
barracks, the number of gafes not to exceed lour at the
.h'fierson bai racks, one at the magazine, and one at the
arsenal "—
and insert:
That a strong substantial plank fence be erected by said
company between the road and the public giounds, at such
pl.u-u and ot such chaiaci<>i as the commanding olfieer at
Jt-ircrson bari.ioks shall direct, with suitable iron gate*, not
exceeding tour, at such points as shall be selected by &ueh
commanding officer; and the said company shall also
cau«.e to be constructed two covered ways, at suitable places
m part of said public giouuds, and in such manner n*
shah be approved by said commanding ofliecr; and if,
aft^r the lenee heroin provided for shall have been erected,
and the haul toad put m operation, it shall tie lound, in the
opinion ot the President, 10 be insufficient for the protec-
tion of lives and property, he may require a fence ot briek,
stone, or iron to be constructed, and the said company
shall cause the same to be erected accordingly, at their
propel cost and charge.
Mr. STUART. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to the amendment, to which I understand the
Senator from Illinois has no objection, it is to
insert, after the words " insufficient for the pro-
tection of lives and property," the words, " or
for any other reason," so that it will read:
"If, after the fence heiein provided for shall have been
erected, and the said road put in operation, it shall be found,
m the opinion of the President, to be insufficient for the
protection of lives and property, or for any other reason, he
may require a fence of brick, stone, or iron, to be con-
structed," &c.
Mr. SHIELDS. "Any other sufficient rea-
son.5'
Mr. STUART. I am willing to so modify it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
that amendment will be made to the amendment
of the committee.
There was no objection.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senate as amended#,
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be read a third time*, and Was read &
third time, and passed.
INDIGENT INSANE BILfc. #
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Sentitti
sumed the consideration of the message ffofti the
President of the United States, returning the bill
making a grant of land to the several States of the
Union, for the benefit of indigent insane persons,
the pending question being upon the motion to
print ten thousand additional copies of it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the further con-
sideration of the message be postponed until Mon-
day week. I am very anxious, Mr. President,
to get up another question, in which I feel a
great interest—the racific railroad bill. It is
known to many members of the body that I am
very anxious to be able to have it disposed of*
that I may leave here. It has been up at various
periods, but has gone over to let other bills be-
considered. I hope, therefore, that I shall have
an opportunity of getting the sense of the Senate
upon it next week, i therefore move to post-
pone the consideration of this subject until Mon-
day week.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the motion will pre-
vail. It seems to me that we shall not be able to
have a full Senate before that time, and I should
not desire to see the question disposed of before all
those who feel interested in the question are here.
Mr. SHIELDS. My only fear is that it ought
to be postponed a little longer. For one, I shall
i not consent to have this acted upon until we have
final action on the homestead bill, I am clear,
sir, in my opinion, that it is the duty of the Sen-
ate to dispose of the homestead bill before action
upon this measure. It has been smothered in«
this body once before; it has been pushed out of
its place by a variety of other measures, and for
one, I shall now insist, and do all that man cari
do, to have that finally determined before a de-
bate arises upon this, because, in my humble
judgment, the same kind of speeches—and I ex-
pect there will be many of them—that will apply
to the veto message, will be applicable to the-
other case; and i think we may save time by
having the two measures brought forward, and
acted upon pretty much at the same time. The
homestead bill has laid in this body, and has not
been touched, I believe, since almost the middle
of the session. My honorable friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Walker,] who deserves a great
deal of credit for the manner in which he pressed
that matter upon the consideration of the Senate,,
has, as I have with some other measures, upon
all occasions when they were brought forwardP
found that there was something else, in the opinion
of the Senate, much more important than that,
and it could not be attended to. I think the time
has now come to act upon it; and for one, I am
glad that we have this message before us; and I
will tell you why. We can now, in my opinion,
establish some general system in relation to the
management and disposition of the public domain.
It is all in chaos now; it is all in confusion; and
my opinion is that this is a very favorable time for
us to settle general principles connected with that
subject. Therefore, if the Senator from Wiscon-
sin thinks there is ample time to have final action
upon the homestead bill before the discussion is
entered upon in regard to this measure, I am in
favor of postponing this measure until Monday
week; if not, I am in favor of postponing it longer.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from Illinois is
prepared to inform the Senate that the President
of the United States will veto the homestead bill,
if it passes here, there would be some reason for
his argument; but unless this is so, I can see no
reason for it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no information upon
that point. I have too much respect for the Pres-
ident of the United States to ask his opinion be-
forehand upon such a point, and my opinion of
the character of the President is, that he would
regard it as an insult to him to be questioned upon
such a point before the final action of this body.
Now, sir, I have no such information. 1 do not
know whether the bill will be vetoed or not; but
what I do say is this, that it is an important ques-
tion touching the management and disposition of
