1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
right to state the ground of his appeal, but not to
go into an argument.
Mr. STANTON. I did not intend to go into
an argument. The ground upon which this de-
cision is made is this: that the appropriation asked
for by the gentleman's amendment is not for a de-
ficiency. i maintain that it is for a deficiency;
and it is so for this reason: Congress has ordered
a marine hospital to be built at Vicksburg. They
have already appropriated $10,000 for that pur-
pose; and with that amount the work has been
commenced. Now, the purpose of this amend-
ment, if X understand it aright, is to enable the
proper authorities to continue the progress of the
execution of that order. The beginning of the
year is the time when preparations are necessarily
made.
Mr. PERKINS, ofLouisiana. With the gen-
tleman's permission iwill state in this connection,
—and it is a fact which I wish to impress upon
the House—that $4,000 was appropriated in the
midst of the epidemic, when all business was sus-
pended; and if the appropriation is made at any
other time than this, it will come in the sickly
season, and will be entirely useless, if made now
it will come in advance of the sickly season.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Who knows best
whether it is a deficiency, the Secretary, or gen-
tlemen upon this floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Louisiana proposes to appro-
priate some $50,000 for the completion of the
the marine hospital at Vicksburg. The Chair,
in conformity to the decision of the commit-
tee, made a few minutes since, decides that the
amendment is not in order. The Chair supposes
that the ground upon which the committee pro-
ceeded in their decision was that the appropriation
was not for a deficiency needed during the current
year, but was, in fact, regularly estimated for in
the usual appropriation bill for the next year.
The Chair conforms to the decision of the com-
mittee. From that decision of. the Chair an ap-
peal is taken, and the question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?"
The question was put, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, offered the following amendment; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
For the pavment of the printing of the returns of the
Seventh Cen&us, and paper purcha=ed for said printm?,
under the provwons of the joint re>olution providing for
printing and binding of thy returns of the Peventli Census,
approved March 3,1853, that is to sa}-—
For the piirihn<  ot the returns before mentioned, the
sum of .<'15,009 03.
For th« papei purchased for said printing, the eum of
$27,106 68 : Provided, That the hiiiis herein mentioned
be paid to the printer who executed the printing, and to ihe
contractor who furnished tho paper, respectively, at the
Treasuiyof the United Slates.
Mr. DISNEY. I move that the committee now
rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the gentleman would
withdraw his motion for a few moments. There
are some amendments to be reported from the
committees, which can be disposed of in ten min-
utes, and then we shall stand a chance of getting
through the bill to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. TMSNEY. 1 do not.
The question was put; and there, were upon a
division—ayes 70, noes 40.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committeeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to ordei, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 49, being a bill to supply deficienres in ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing 30th .Tune 1854, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
following: clause was stricken out of House bill
No. 50, making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions.
" Foi pensions of invalids who were woundbd on board
of privato armed ves-?ols during the la^t war with Great
I'ru.un, .>'3.£00. Pnvateer pension? in Borton are hciehy
abolished, and tho said pennoneis shall be pajd as puvateei
pm ionejj- ate paid a! otJu-r place*-.'*
I make this motion in order to make our action
consistent with the vote in the Committee of the
Whole to-day, by which an appropriation was
made for this purpose.
Mr. ORR. Has not the invalid pension bill
already gone from the House >
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
temporarily occupying the chair.) This bill was
passed by the House, sent to the Senate, and they
returned it to the House with an amendment
striking out the words indicated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence.] The House
yesterday concurred with the Senate in making
that amendment. The bill is now in the posses-
sion of the House, yet to be enrolled, it having
originated here, and the Senate have been noti-
fied of the concurrence of the House in that
amendment.
Mr. ORR. Therefore it is not in order to re-
consider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rules pre-
scribe that a motion to reconsider should be made
upon the day upon which the vote is taken,
or upon the succeeding day. What the effect of
the action of the House and the notification of the
Senate may have upon it is for the House and
not for the Chair to determine. The Chair is of
the opinion that a motion to reconsider is not too
late. The gentleman from Pennsylvania moves
to reconsider the vote by which the House on
yesterday concurred with the Senate in making a
certain amendment to the invalid pension bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
I understand, by the decision of the Chair, upon
repeated occasions here, that no gentleman was
entitled to the floor while another was occupying it,
unlesswith hisconsent. I noticed gentlemen from
all parts of the House addressing the Chair  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. ORR. I raise the question of order, that
the motion to reconsider could not be entertained,
inasmuch as the House had put it beyond its
power to reconsider the matter, having advised
the Senate of its action on yesterday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
overruled the point of order made by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, by expressing the
opinion that it was in time for thegentleman from
Pennsylvania to make the motion to reconsider;
that it was still m order for any gentleman who
voted in the majority to move to reconsider; and
that it is for the'House, and not for the Chair, to |
determine the question.
Mr. ORR. I have great respect for the opin- ■
ion of the Chair, but I think that his decision is j
wrong in this particular instance, and I therefore ;
appeal from it. It is out of the question for the
House to put itself back in the condition which
it occupied' before the message was sent to the
Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state, that if the House entertain the motion to re-
consider, they can and will notify the Senate that
that motion is pending here.
Mr. ORR Well, sir, I do not think that if the
Journals of tne House were to be searched you
could find a precedent for the Houseattempting to
reconsider a matter which had gone to the other
end of the Capitol.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is now
in possession of the House, having been returned
from the Senate. The Constitution of the United
States provides that each House shall make rules
for its own government. In pursuance of that
provision, this House, in prescribing the rules for
its government, has provided that any vote having
been taken, a member voting with the majority
may, upon the same or the succeeding day,move
to reconsider such vote.
Mr. ORR. Is the appeal from the decision of
the Chair debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, if the reasoning: of the
Speaker be correct, what would be the effect of it
supposing this bill had yesterday been engrossed,
reported by the Committee on Enrolled Bills, and
sent to the President for his signature ?
Mr. EWlNGr. I rise to a question of order.
What is the question before the House ?
The Sl^EA KER pro tempore. The question is
upon the appeal taken by the gentleman from
South Carolina from the decision of the Chair;
and that appeal the Chair thinks is debatable.
Mr. EWING. I was under the impression that
the appeal was not debatable.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The Chair knows
of no rule showing why it is not. Thegentleman
from South Carolina will proceed.
Mr. ORR. I have very little to sayin addition.
Suppose, after the House had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate yesterday, the bill had
been enrolled, and the Committee on Enrolled Bills
had presented it to the President, and it had re-
ceived his signature, could the House have taken
action upon it then? I submit that there is no pre-
cedent a^all in the legislative history of this House
where a motion has been entertained to reconsider
a proposition which has passed beyond the con-
trol of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Virginia will
excuse me, but I cannot yield to him. I dislike
to be interrupted.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely wanted to make a
privileged motion, if the gentleman would allow me.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman desires the floor
to make the privileged motion, which' I suppose
he does, I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. The motion I proposed to
make was that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I will yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand that the
floor can be taken from me (for I still hold it)
without my consent, for a motion to adjourn? 1
submit a point of order.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to present a report from
the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia will be pleased to withdraw his mo-
tion, and allow the report from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills to be made.
Mr. LETCHER. I think the Committee on
Enrolled Bills had better make their report to-mor-
row. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands it is important that the bills the commit-
tee desire to present should receive the signature
of the Speaker to-day.
The question was put upon the motion to ad-
journ, and, amid confusion, the Chair decided it
in the negative.
Mr. ORR. I am now entitled to the floor, am
I not ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Green] is upon the floor, for the
purpose of making a report from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, which he has the right to make
at any time.
Mr. ORR. 1 will yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Ohio, but I insist that the Chair shall
divide the House upon the motion to adjourn.
There were loud and repeated calls for a division
before the result of the vote was announced by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is too late now
to demand a division.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back, as correctly engrossed, the
following joint resolution and bill; which there-
upon severally received _the signature of the
Speaker:
" A resolution authorizing an increase of the
force in the office of the Superintendent of Public
Printing; and
" An act to regulate the disbursement of the
contingent fund of' the Senate, and for other pur-
poses." * .
Mr. ORR. With a view of looking into pre-
cedents, and giving my friend from Pennsylvania
Mr. Florence] an opportunity of having his
motion considered, I move that the House do now
adjourn. , , , ,
'The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House adjourned until to-morrow.
. IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 8, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PKEVIDENT pro tempojeltud before the
