1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 hope I can have the yeas
and nays upon that, at {east.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
After the roll htid been called,
Mr. WALKER said; X wish to know if I have
voted right? I intended, by the vote I gave, to
go against, the $15,000 outfit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
voted wrong then.
Mr. WALKER. I think the Senate have been
voting under a misapprehension. If I understand
the explanation of the Senator from Virginia, it is
this: without his modification, they might receive
an outfit of §15,000, a year's salary. He pro-
povses to give §9,000 outfit. I voted to allow
$9,000, and to prevent the $15,000 outfit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment with that modification. The
Senator has voted for the whole amendment.
Mr. WALKER. That I intended to do.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to hear the
amendment, as modified, read.
It was rend as follows:
Provided, That the salary of the ministers to Great Britain
and Fiance shall be hereaftei $15,000 pei annum to each ;
the ouuii to each not to exceed the Mini of SSJ.UOO.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate will allow me, I
v/ili state that 1 first offered the amendment to
pay to the two ministers the sum of $15,000 each
per annum; but upon examining the existing
law, I found that, under it, the probable construc-
tion would bp to make the salary of each $15,000,
and the outfit ^15,000. it was to avoid that con-
struction that i modified it by leaving the outfit
at $9,000* which it now is; so that, if the propo-
sition canies, we may hereafter pay the ministers
to these courts a salary of $15,000, and an outfit
of $9,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Mesons Allen, Badger, Bayatd, Bell * Benjamin,
Brown, Butler, Clayton, Cooper, Haw^on, PhIi, Jamus,
Mason, Pearee, Point, Piatt, Shields}, Thomson of New
Jersey Toucey, Walker, and VWllor—21.
NAYiJ—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, lirodhead, Chase,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fe.ssenden, Fitzpat-
rick, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Gwtn, Hamlin, IIou>ton,
lJuntcr, Johnson, Mallory, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian,
Shdull, Sunnier, Toombs, Wade, and Williams—2o.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on the District
of Columbia have instructed me to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
To reirnbtnse the expenditure made by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings for the repair of the Potomac
bridge, when injured by fire, #4,50U.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. In the absenceof the chairman,
1 am directed to offer another amendment from
the same committee. It is to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the out-
standing debts of the pemtentiaiy, ^1^,175 66.
Mr. President, the fact in i elation to that amend-
ment, as appears from the report of the warden
and keepers,is this: For a long series of years,
they have been accumulating a debt there for the
purchase, chiefly, of materials for the workmen.
The larger portion of it is due to one man in the
city of Washington; and they report that the
custom of giving credit at the institution, which
they have been obliged to do, disables them from
meeting these debts. It is to wipe out the out-
standing debts that this amendment is offered.
Mr. GWIN. 1 desire to ask a question of the
chairman. Are not these men officers of the Gov-
ernment? and have they contracted debts without
an appropriation being made?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not understand how
they had any right to contract the debt.
Mr. MASON. I do not know what right they
had to contract the debt. They were placed there i
with instructions to keep the mechanics employed, j
and sell the materials, and these debts were con- :
tracted for the purchase of materials.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL. I desire to submit a motion to
amend this bill, which, I trust, will meet, with the
unanimous assent of the body. I propose to
amend the clause " for salaries of the Chief Jus- ,
tice of the Supreme Court, and eight associate '
judges, §41,000," by striking out "$43,000" and j
inserting: I
Which said salaries shall hereafter be, the Chief Justice
$7,000, and of the associate ju-Uccs .stf.ofiO each, com-
mencing with the present fiscal yeai, Ao^OW,
I do not propose to say a single word on the
amendment, unless some one opposes it.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. At the proper time I will vote
cheerfully for the increase of the salaries of the
Judges of the Supreme Court. The judiciary
system is in a wretched condition; but 1 am not
willing to touch it by piece-meal. Whenever the
proposition comes up to reorganize the Supreme
Court, \ will vote for it.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 mustbe permitted to say, in
justice to myself, that as chairman of the Com-
mittee-on the Judiciary, I reported a bill to accom-
modate every portion of this Confederacy. 1 have
attempted to call it up twice, but these stronger
bills.involving money appropriations, havepushed
it aside. Money has been appropriated for almost
any purpose, except as a legitimate compensation
for intellectual service. 1 am for this amendment.
The yeas and nays weie taken on the amend-
ment, with the following result:
• YEAS—Messrs Adam", Badger, Bayard, Bell. Benja-
min, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson,
FMi, Ge\er, Gwin, Hunter, Jain.es, Mallory, Mason,
IVuree, Pettit, Pratt, Rockwell, Shield.*, Stuart, Thomson
of New Jei^ey, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, and Williams—
29.
jVAYP—Messrs. Atchi«on, Cha*-o, Dodije of UVoniMn,
Dodge or Iowa, Fes*"ridrn, Fitzpatuek, Foot, Gillette,
Houston, Johnson, Rusk, Sebastian, Slideli, Sumner,
Wade, and Walker—1(3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. At the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, 1 move to re-
consider the vote on the appointing of two addi-
tional clerks in the Fourth Auditor's office. The
recommendation of the Secretary is, that there
shall be one m the First and one in the Fourth
Anditor's office.
Mr. BADGER. Thatamendmentmay bemade
by general consent, if there be no objection.
Mr. COOPER, it is the same amendmentpro-
j posed this morning,with this exception: that one
of the clerks should be in the Fust Auditor's office,
instead of both in the Fourth.
The amendment was ugieed to by general con-
sent.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to ofler an amend-
ment to the bill. It proposes no appropriation.
I will explain in a few woids the object of if.
In the second week of the session, I think it was,
the Senate passed a bill which 1 introduced, to
correct the phraseology of a clause m the river
and harbor bill, which was passed some two
years ago, in which an appropriation was made
for an improvement in North Carolina; but by
some inaccuiacy, the language was used " by the
construction of a breakwater." My object is
merely to correct that phraseology. The amend-
ment is:
Jiwl he it further cuarfed. That the " act making appro-
priations for the jm pro vein en t of certain rivers and ii.u hor&,"
approved the 30th of August, i&ci, be, arid the same is
hcieby, amended by striking Irom the clause m winch they
occur, the following woids: by the construction ot a
breakwater aciot-s Croaton Sound."
Mr. STUART. A provision is made for that
in the river and harbor bili.
Mr. BADGER. I am aware that there is a
prousion in that bill intended to attain that object;
but it is evident to everybody that there is tut ex-
treme probability of that bill not passing this ses-
sion.
Mr. STUART. I think the probability is pre-
cisely the reverse of that.
Mr. BADGER. Suppose it should become a
law, and this were provided for twice, it will do
no harm. This does not make an appropriation.
Mr. STUART. The only objection is this:
there is an objection to giving to a particular district
of country advantage over all others m respect to
this question.
Pkr. BADGER. No particular advantage is
The appropriation has been made, and
thisWmerely to correct a mistake in the phrase-
ology of the bill. That is the whole of it. No
appropriation of money—no advantage is asked 1
for. The money appropriated under that bill has ,
been applied to every other point, except this one. ;
Mr. STUART. The same thing is true of the ;
Red river raft. The Senator from Arkansas i
[Mr. Johnson] had a bili passed through thts i
body for the purpose of correcting that; it has not j
been passed by the other House, but the river and 1
harboi bill also contains a provision for it.
Mr. BADGER. I know that, and he is going
to offer an amendment, and t shall vote for it.
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. Wellerih the chair.)
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and taken with the following
result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Chase, Clayton, Cooper,
Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, James, Pearce. Pettit, Pratt,
Rockwell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Wade, and VVeller—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badeer, Bavard, Bell, Benja-
min, Brown, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Mallory,
Mat-on, Ru k, Sebastian, Shields, SlidelL Toucey, and
Walker—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move an amendment to the
amendment. The Secretary, I presume, has the
river and harbor bill at the desk. I think North
Carolina has already had enough advantages over
the rest of the States in this particular, and she
shall have no more, so far as I am concerned. 1
move to substitute the river and harbor bill for the
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. HUNTER. "What amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina has moved an amendment
correcting an error in a previous law; the Senator
from Louisiana now proposes to amend that by
inserting what is commonly called the river and
harbor bill.
Mr. HUNTER. In what? The civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. ATCHISON. Read the amendment to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana will please to send up his amend-
ment.
Mr. SLIDELL. The bill is at the Secretary's
table. It has been reported from the committee.
Mr. ADAMS. I raise a question of order.
Theamendmentoffered by the Senatorfrom North
Carolina does not propose any appropriation.
He may, therefore, properly offer it without the
sanction of a committee. The Senator from Louis-
iana, however, proposes an amendment to this
amendment, which makes a large appropriation,
without the sanction of a committee. I raise that
question of order.
Mr. SLIDELL. It appears to me, with all
due deference to the Senator from Mississippi,
there is nothing in this question of order. The
river and harbor bill has been reported by the
proper committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
decide the question of order. The Chair decides
the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana is
not in order. The Senator can take an appeal
from that decision.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope that, by gen-
jj eral con^^t, the amendment of the Senator from
:! North Carolina will be agreed to. It seems to me
j! to be eminently proper; and, whether the river
|! and harhor bill is passed or not with it in it, no
j' harm will be done. There is no greater friend of
]j the river and harbor bill than myself; but I do
not desire to embarrass this with it.
Mr. PETTIT. I may be allowed to enter my
j protestagainstthisamendment. I do it with great
! reluctance and regret; for the Senator from North
Carolina, who moves it, is uniformly liberal in
> voting for all reasonable and rational appropria-
tions. I regret exceedingly to feel constrained to
!i oppose his amendment; but why do I do it? If
■[ I understand it, two years ago an appropriation
i! was made of 0100,000, or about that amount 
I Mr. BADGER. Fifty thousand'dollars.
' Mr. PETTIT. Fifty thousand dollars, the
Senator says, for certain works in North Carolina,
i; and because those works were badly described in
li the law, or such works were described as could not
i be made atthe places mentioned, or were inappro-
4 priate, the money has not been expended. The
! Senator nowseeks to makean amendment here by
i which that money remaining still in the Treasury
can betaken out and applied to a new work notdes-
cribed in the law, appropriating the money. A cer-
tain work was described in the law, but that work
cannot be done, or is inappropriate to be done.
The money, therefore, has not been drawn from
the Treasury to constiuct that work,and the Sen-
ator now propose* to amend the law, so that th«
description of work that will then be allowed ctm
