1854.
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
quire, why not postpone it for at least two weeks,
ami in the mean time take up the homestead bill,
which is the special order ? If I am correct, the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] introduced his
resolution, leaving the day blank. I intended to
move to insert, "two weeks from Monday next;"
but, from the reading of the resolution, it would
seem that the blank has been filled with " Monday
next." I therefore, before taking my seat, move
to strike out " Monday next," and insert " two
weeks from Monday next."
Mr. BADGER. I believe the actual question
before the Senate, is on the motion made by the
Senator from California, to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until Monday week.
The PRESIDENT. That is the question.
Mr. BADGER. If I understand the rules of
the Senate, the resolution submitted by the Senator
from Ohio, is not now before the body. It is but
an intimation of what he will propose, if the mo-
tion of the Senator from California shall be voted
down. That is the state of the question before
the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I do not understand that
there is anything in the clause of the Constitution
directing the body to whom the Presidenl may
return a bill, with his objections, as to the time
when the reconsideration of the bill is to be made.
The provision of the Constitution is simply de-
signed to direct what is to be done upon the dis-
approval by the President of a bill which passes
the two Houses, and under what circumstances
it may become a law, notwithstanding his objec-
tions. The language is—after stating that the
President shall return the bill with his objec-
tions, to the House in which it shall have origin-
ated—
"Who shall enter the objections at largo on their Journal,
and procecd toreconsidei it. IT, aftcr.^uch iccon.suieiation,
two thirds of that llousio .shall agree to pass the bill, it shall
be sent, together with the objections, to the other llousse,
by which it shall likewise be icconsideied, and, u approved
by two thuds ol that llou-so, it shall become a law."
There is nothing that intimates that it was the
will'of the frameis of the Constitution tluit the
Senate or the House of Representatives, receiving
the objections, should then proceed to reconsider;
but that, if the President disapproved the bill, it
should be reconsidered by both Houses, and, if
passed by two thirds, become a law; and the Con-
stitution directs that, in all such cases, the votes
shall be taken by yeas and nays, and the names
of the persons voting for and against the bill re-
corded on the Journal. It is nothing in the world
but a reconsideration of this bill—a reconsidera-
tion directed by the Constitution. The time
when we are to reconsider it is just as much at
our control as the time was when we should con-
sider the hill heretofore. We are to consider all
the circumstances which are involved in the in'
quiry, when shall this reconsideration take place?
We are neither unreasonably to delay, nor im-
properly to precipitate it. VVe must consider the
question with a view to the state of our business,
the period of the session, and the necessity for a
full and thorough examination of the grounds
taken by the President in his message, and the
grounds on which the hill maybe entitled to sup-
port.
{ find that, although it has been usual, and
although there is more propriety in proceeding
at once to the consideration of such a message, in
1841, when Mr. Tyler sent to this body a veto
message on the bank bill, which was passed by
the Congress of that year, the message was re-
ceived on Monday, August 1G. It was ordered
to be printed, and its consideration appointed for
Tuesday, the next day, at twelve o'clock. On
that day the Senate proceeded to consider the bill
for distribution and preemption. It was considered
and debated until twelve o'clock, when the bank
bill, which had been vetoed, was taken up, and,
on motion, its further consideration was postponed
until Wednesday—the next day. The land bill
was then resumed, debated, considered, and
amended. On Wednesday, the bank bill was
further postponed to Thursday, and the land bill
y/as taken up, further considered, debated, and
Ordered to lie on the table; and on Thursday, after
other business had been disposed of by the Senate,
they resumed the consideration of the bill and
message accompanying it, and finally disposed of
it. It was agreed, on all hands then, that there
should be no unreasonable delay; the subject was
considered; but it was agreed, also, that there was
no necessity for immediate consideration. That
being so, the Senate has the same reasonable dis-
cretion on this subject as over the propriety of
considering any bill originally. Why should they
not? It is merely sent back, and the Senate must
reconsider it, and pass upon it in the constitu-
tional method. But what restrains them from
selecting what they think the best and most ex-
pedient time? I see nothing in the Constitution;
and with regard to the past practice of the Gov-
ernment, you must recollect, Mr. President, that
this message of President Tyler was received on
the 16th of August. The session was then nearly
drawing to a close. There was a propriety, and
I may say a sort of necessity, in disposing of that
message under the circumstances, in less time than
is required, or would be. necessary or proper, in
regard to this message. We are now in the early
part of May. We have the whole session before
us. Having said this, I wish to add that it makes
no difference to me whether this message is post-
poned to next Monday or Monday week. What-
ever may suit the convenience of other gentlemen
on that subject, will suit mine too. I rose to make
these remarks simply because I do not conceive
there is anything stringent, directly or indirectly,
expressly or impliedly, in the Constitution as to the
time when the reconsideration should take place
1 will add another remark, and not trouble the
Senate further. It was said by the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Buti.ee] yester-
day, and, 1 think, properly, that this is a large
subject, and the important principles involved in
the bill and the message of the President, make it
highly proper that the subject should leceive a
full and thorough examination; and if, as has
been said by gentlemen on this Hoor, that bill was
passed through the Senate without adequate con-
sideration and full discussion, it is the more im-
portant, I think, that we should take time to look
with caie into the subject before we discuss and
disposeof the bill upon the President's objections.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, if I under-
stood the precise object which the different friends
of the postponement to Monday and Monday
two weeks have in view, I should know better
how to act. The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] is anxious to take up the homestead
bill, and therefore asks for a longer postponement
of this question. Some of the friends of the
homestead bill, I believe, think that the message
upon your table does not affect or touch that bill.
Several Senators. We do not know about
that.
& Mr. DAWSON. Gentlemen who understand
the character of the veto have been saying that it
does touch the homestead bill; but, as I under-
stand, there is not a gentleman on this floor who
will undertake to say that the homestead bill falls
within the principle of that message.
Mr. HA YARD. As one, 1 consider that it
would certainly require the veto of the homestead
bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Then, one considers that it
does require the veto of that bill; and if that be
the opinion of the friends of the Administration
generally, wherefore should we occupy the time
of this body by making long and tedious speeches
upon the homestead bill, when we know it will be
met by a veto?
Mr. BADGER. Long—not tedious. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAWSON. Yes. I strike out the word
"tedious." Now, for one, I am disposed to be-
lieve that the author of the message does not believe
that the homestead came within the principles of
the message; and the friends of the homestead
and the friends of the Ad ministration, being willing
to have it taken up and acted on immediately, is
an evidence of that fact. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, who wishes to postpone this to the most
distant day, is governed, not by a desire to take
up the homestead bill, but the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. If that be the object, I shall
vote for the earliest day; but if it be for the pur-
pose of taking up the homestead bill and having
the whole butch of land bills before the President
at once in order to receive his veto, and then to
have all the measures acted on at once, I will
agree to any postponement you desire. That is
perfectly fair.
Mr. BELL. But if you pass the homestead
bill, you do not then know, on the principles of
the message, whether he will veto it or not.
Mr. DAWSON. Then we shall have to wait,
of course, for the President to send another mes-
sage; but I rely very much upon the information
which gentlemen will receive, that I may be in-
formed what is the position of the land bills. I am
one who opposed originally the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands. I changed my opin-
ion, because Congress, by a continuous number
of decisions, declared that we had the right to
dispose of the public lands in the way we have
been going on to do for years, and I saw the pub-
lic lands all going to private companies and into
the hands of individuals. I determined then to
adopt the principle of the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. That was right; and
the first effort we could make was to touch the
insane and the lunatics. Why? Because they
could not go and occupy the lands under the home-
stead bill, having no volition, being controlled by
guardians. They could not occupy itand settle it.
Recognizing the principle of the President, that the
General Government is the trustee for the whole
of the people, and that we ought to regulate our
trust funds, or the land in the States, on princi-
ples that a discreet landed proprietor would do, I
considered that a discreet landed proprietor, if he
had a number of children for whom he was trus-
tee, and they were insane or lunatics, would make
some provision for them, and that it would be
for the general benefit of all; and, as I knew
that the lunatic or insane had never received a
dollar's advantage out of the public treasury of
the country, or out of the lands which belong to
them as well as to anybody else, I thought it
was a fair ground at once to commence the dis-
tribution, and act as a sensible landed proprietor
or trustee would do, by dividing the estate among
the cestui que trust, and I went for that bill. But
if the President is determined to arrest these
railroad bills, and the homestead bill, and this
bill also, and we shall adopt some new rule by
which the public lands shall be disposed of, I
am prepared to listen to it, and hear it, and if a
better plan can be adopted, I will go for it. But
for one, representing an old State, I am not going
to suffer the public lands to go into the hands of
private companies, or the States in which the
lands lie; and be still, andnotask for any propor-
tionate share to the old States, and show our
modesty and diffidence in attempting to get justice.
The bill which the President nas returned to us
was for the benefit of the people who are entitled
to the highest claim, and to the kindest generosity
and philanthropy of Congress. It was for the
insane portion of the cestui que Irust, residing in
every State of the Union, and it divided the lands
so as to make it equal throughout the country.
Still, I say that if the President vetoes all these
measures, and establishes the old principle that
the public lands belong to the people generally,
and ought to be disposed of for the payment of
the debt due by the Government, and for a dimi-
nution of taxes, it wilt all be right; but if that
rule is not adopted, and favoritism and partiality
shall prevail, I go for the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands, or the lands themselves,
to all the States who are entitled to them. There
is nothing wrong in that. But I come back to
the point. The friends of the measure are most
anxious to have it acted upon; but if the home-
stead is not to be discussed and decided before we
decide on the veto, let us act upon the veto at
once. There is no necessity for any delay. If
it comes not within the principle of that vefo? lc£
us act upon this at once; but if the friends of the
Administration think that it does, I am for post-
poning it. "
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the honofable Senator
from California will modify his motion so as to
postpone the consideration of the subject until two
weeks from Monday. That may give us time to
arrange both this measure and the other to which
reference has been made. At all events, that
allows little enough time.
Mr. GWIN. The resolution offered by the
Senator from Ohio is, I believe, the most appro-
priate form in which a motion on this subject can
lie made; and I am, therefore, willing to accept it
ns a substitute for mme, leaving the day blank, so
that the Senate can determine on what day they
will consider the subject. Monday week suits me
