1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
be accomplished, and this money appropriated.
Thar is precisely the«case.
'Now, allow me to say, that while 1 do not
think North Carolina has met with any more favor
than she ought to meet with, or that anymore
money h*s beer, appropriated for Cape Fear river
than ou<?ht to be appropriated, I thinK she has got
a decided Advantage over what we must exoect to
ger, for other States and other localities. None of
us can be mistaken in the inklings or givings out
as to what the result will be if we pass the river !j
and harbor bill. I want the effect of the pres- 'i
idential veto to reach all portions of this Union i
alike. k It is unnecessary for me to go into the i!
constitutional argument of the power of this Gov-
eminent to mpke these appropriations, and much ji
less of its duty to make them—not to say us ;>
power, but its duty. But, I repeat, I desire that ,i
all portions of tsie (Jnion shall be placed upon the i1
same footing, and not by a mere hup-hazard guess 'j
at the existence of the fact that this Government, I1
by some accident or other, has placed a little ob- 1
struction, however large or however small, in the ,j
mouth of the Cape Fetr river, by which elands and j|
dirt pnd rubbish havegathered about the mouth of jj
the river, and obstructed its  i|
Mr. HUNTER. Is this in order? I am re-
luctant to interpose; but we are anxtous to get !i
thumgh with the bill. jj
Mr.PErriT. If the Senator wants to adjourn,
I will give him the floor to nmke the motion. ||
Mi, HUNTER. I do not want to do that. ij
Mr. PETriT. Very well, i am m order. \\
You cannot getover me in that way. [Laughter.] ]|
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair jj
thinks the Senator is in order. !j
Mr. PETT1T. 1 will give way to the Senator j:
to move an adjournment. i
Mr HUNTER. Not at all. j;
Mr. PL I'Tl i*. Under these accidental eircum- •
Stances of an obstruction having been made, us it ;
is aliened, upon the face of the bill, a hill has been ■
approved making nn appropriation of $1-10,"000 for |
Cape Feai uver. i have never been on that river, j:
I know not how laige it is; wheiher it is a peren- j'
nia.1, or whether it is a spring or fall stream, I do '!
not pretend to know. I lake it for granted that the !,
appropriation was light and proper; that it was no |
larger than necessury. But by this amendment, i
disguise it as you will, it proposes to appropriate— I;
I use thai let m, for it is that—out of the Treasury
$50,000 whi«;h is there, and which cannot be ex- |
pended under any law in existence whatever. The J
Seiuooi admits that no such thing can he con- J
sttucted asii breakwater, for none needed— ,
none is reijuired. There was a mere lapsus penncc ■]
in drawing the bill; there js no possibility ofspend- i
ing the money; and though this amendment ,
does not suy in so many words that it shall be I
appiopiinted, it. snvs that it shall be applied to
the construction of other woiks. It is, to all in-
tents and purposes-, an appropriation of #50,000
out of the Ti easury, which cannot be^lrawn or
applied unless this amendment be pawned. Now,
then, if it be unconstitutional, an it is t;aid,and :
given out, to muke these appropi iations, let us put :
our hands at once upon all the money that is re- •
mainin£ in the Treasury, and not appiopiiate U by
any hide-and-go-seek means, for the purpose of |
indirectly violating the Constitution in doing that |
which you cannot do dnerily. What is the rea- 1
son of n ? You have ^oOjlOOm theTreasury which
cannot be used without that amendment; and the
amendment authorizes us use. It is pio\i<led for
in the general river and htnbor hill. I hope to nee
that bill pass. It has panned the IToi^e, and I
hope will P'iss here. Let the Cape Pear river, or
let the improvements in North Carolina take the
direction and suffer the fate of the others. Let it
be decapitated with all other parts. Let North
Carolina stand upon a condition equal with all1,
her sisters. She has already obtained an advant- :
age by one bill, which the Senator from North '•
Carolina, by his seducing and prevailing power of *\
speech, has induced us to pass. She has the ad-
vantage of that, appropriating §140,000, all on ac-
count of the power of his tongue. That is all that
I want to say against htm; but I am opposed to
adding this $50,000 more to that advantage by an
indirect appiopriation; although the Senator has
had one ad van .age, let him hereafter stand upon
an equality with us; and if our works die, let hia
die with ihem.
Mr, BADGER. I should very much prefer
the support of my friend from Indiana to the ex-
pressions, with which he has overcome me, of his
excessive flattery. Now, sir, I have no objection
to his making on onslaught upon the principles
which the President has indicated on the bill for
the improvement of Cape Fear river; but [insist
that I have a rigtH to ask that Senator that the
general subject ot the improvements of rivers and
harbors should not be urged for preventing the
Senator from doing a simple act of justice to my
State. The Senator says that he thinks North
Carolina ought to be put upon an equality in this
matter with the other States. Would to God *hat
it were so. She has, sir, less money appropri-
ated for her benefit than any State in this Union;
but that has nothing to do with the question. By
the act of ]852 a certain sum of money was ap-
propriated, not%for the erection of a breakwater,
but for opening a communication with the Atlantic
ocean; but the appropriation indicated the erec'ion
of a break water as the method of accomplishing
the object. Its object was the opening of the com-
munication. That is the object specified by the
law; but, as I stated, upon an examination being
made, it was found that a breakwater would not
accomplish the declared object of the provision.
Now, it is sought to strike those words out of the
bill. Why should they not bestricken out? My
friend from Indiana says that he wants the conse-
quences of a veto of the river and harbor bill, if it
should come, to apply everywhere. Well, sir,
the river and harbor bill contains appropriations
for the benefit of the State of North Carolina, small
in amount, but considerable, compared with those
sums which we have been in the habit of receiv-
ing; but the amendment does not propose, directly
or indirectly, to mak^an appropriation. The ob-
ject expressed in the original bill was the opening
of a communication with the ocean. When it
was examined, it was found that the mode speci-
fied would not accomplish the object. I only ask
that the mistake may be corrected. It seems to
me to be a very simple request; and I hope it will
be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, making no appropiation, which, in the lan-
guage of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
1 hope will leceive the unanimous assent of the
Senate:
That the President of the United States be authorized
ami dmcted to appoint two persons to investigate and col-
lect proof, undei the m^Oueiiou* of ihe Depaittnent of the
Int'-nor, of tin* depredations upon puvate propeity by the
Indians in Florida, syuhsetjuent to tin: 2.">th of December,
the report and testimony to he submitted to Congress
at its m xx action.
The question was taken; and, on a division, there
were—aves 15, noes 10^ not a quorum voting.
Mr. MALLORY. i ask for the veusand nays.
Mr. COOPER. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion v.-as agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSK OK REPRESENTATIVES. '
Thursday, July 27, 1854. !
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer i
by rcv. hen'hy slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The fir.st business in order
is the consideration of the bill regulating the pay
and increasing the efficiency of the Army of the
United States, nnd for other purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. FULLER. Before proceeding to the regu-
lar order of business, 1 desire to have taken up and
considered House bill (No. 2-12) ''authorizing
the purchase or construction of four additional
revenue cutters." I should not ask its consi
ation now, if ! were not fully impressed th# it
was one of great public importance.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. { rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and I sholl ask that it be first disposed of.
On the part of the committee of conference on the
Indian appropriation bill, I am instructed to submit
the report which I send to the Chair.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of confeiewe on the disagreeing votes of
the two Honors on the lull (H. R. i\To. 46) •' making appro-
priations lor the eurient and coiitingentexpeiifes ot the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30th, 1855,
and foi other purposes,"having met, afiei full and tieecon-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate concur in the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the first second, farty-mnfh, sixty-
eishih,and eighty-first amendments of the Senate; that the
Senate concur in the amendment of the Iious-e of Repre-
sentatives to the fourteenth amendment of the Senate with
amendments, as follows:
In line fifteen of the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, strike out the word seven," and insert
" seventy." In line twenty-four of said amendment strike
out the word " five," and insert" oneand in line thirty-
three of said amendment strike out the word "• five," and
insert "one."
That the Senate do recede from its seventy-fourth amend-
ment, and that the following be substituted tor its seventy-
fifth amendment:
I Jind be it further enacted, That ihe Secretary of the Tn-
| terior be, and he is hei jby authorized, if in his judgment
j the public interest will be piomoted thereby, to cause to be
; di-buised such ot the monejs appropiuited in thir> act for
i the Utah Indians, either undei treaty stipulations, or for
; general incidental expenses, by the Indian agent in that
| Terittoiv, as he may think proper: Provided, That said
! agent shall, under no ciicumstances, receive any additional
' compensation therefor.
' That the Senate do lecedefiom it? seventh, seventy third,
| eightieth, and eighty-second amendments. That the House
i ol Representatives concur in the sixty seventh amendment
j of the Senate with the following amendments:
j Alter the word rendered," in fourth imp of the amend-
s ment of tlie Senate, insert the woids " within or upon any
] I ndian territory," and in same line strike out the wolds " in
> cases," and in lieu thereof insert " for medical or manual
services, or in cases of humanity."
And that the House of Representatives do recede from
their disagreement to the tenth amendment of the Senate
and agiee thereto.
GfcO. 8. HOUSTON,
S. G HAVEN,
G. A GROW,
Managers on the p<irt of the House.
J. A. PRANCE,
S. ADAMS,
\V. K. SEBASTIAN,
Managers on the j>ait of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the bill before me
which I used when the amendments were before
the committee, and I will explain them in a very
few minutes, i will take them in order as I find
them m the bill.
The first amendment of the Senate proposes to
establish the salary of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs in Minnesota, whenever the
President of the United States shall see fit to sep-
arate those offices. The House disagreed to that
amendment, and the Senate have receded from it,
and they have yielded their proposition for a sep-
aration of the offices of Governor and superin-
tendent.
The next amendment of the Senate wasa prop-
osition creating five Indian sub-agents in Califor-
nia. The House reduced the number to three, and
in that reduction the Senate concur.
The next amendment of the Senate was a prop-
osition to increase the salaries of five Indian
agents. The House disagreed to theamendment,
and the Senate have receded from it.
A Member. Is the pay increased?
Mr. HOUSTON. No; the compensation of
the agents is not increased.
The next amendment in order is number ten.
It is "for erecting buildings for Indian agent in
Washin£tonTerutory,$5,000.3> The House non-
concurred in that amendment, and the committee
of conference on the part of the House have re-
ceded from their disagreeing vote. That is the
only case in which we have yielded.
The next amendment in controversy is number
fourteen. That was an amendment which the
House had put on the Senate amendment, making
appropriations for recent Indian treaties. The
Senate agree to the House amendment by correct-
ing the wrong phraseology which had, fcome how
or other, crept in and destroyed its sense.
The next was an amendment in which the
House inserted the words " in full." The amend-
ment of the Senate "was for payment to the Win-
nebago nation of Indians of certain unexpended
balances; and the House inserted the words for
payment " in full " The Senate agree to that
amendment of the House.
The next amendment of the Senate, on which
there was a disagreeing vote, was number sixty-
seven. I will read the section as it went from the
House originally, and then read the amendment
as it is now agreed upon:
Sec. 2. J2nd be it further enacted, That no oxifting pro-
visions of law, prescribing the manner in which payment
shall be made to Indian*, shall be so construed asto lepeal
or contravene the seventeenth section of an act entitled
"Ah act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
