876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 8,
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting statements of the contingent
expenses of the offices and bureaus of his Depart-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1853; which
was ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War transmitting abstracts of the returns of the
militia of the several States; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed;
THE MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
Mr, BRODHEAD. I have received, and de-
sire to present to the Senate, a memorial of the rep-
resentatives of the religious society of the Friends
in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and ad-
jacent thereto. They express themselves in strong
terms against the institution of domestic? slavery,
and especially against what they call a proposed
repeal of the Missouri compromise line.
This memorial has been brought to me by a
committee of four gentlemen, who represent the
society named. They are not political Abolition-
ists, but they express sentiments which have been
long entertained by the society to which they be-
long. Although I may differ from them in regard
to the constitutional power of Congress upon the
subject, I nevertheless respect their motives. I
will not ask for the reading of the memorial; but
as the Nebraska bill is now under consideration,
1 will move that it lie upon the table. 1 will not
ask it for another reason. One of the committee
has informed me that they intend to present a copy
to each member of the Senate.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD also presented five petitions
of citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the repeal of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I rise this
morning for the purpose of moving that ladies be
admitted to occupy the seats immediately in the
rear of the bar ol the Senate. I make this motion
on account of the inclemency of the day, the full-
ness of the gafaries, and che number of ladies in
attendance who have not been admitted. This is
the first time that I have ever made such amotion
in the Senate. I have generally opposed it; but
the peculiar circumstances of this occasion seem
to appeal to the members of the Senate to allow
the admission of ladies who have not been ad-
mitted. There are several hundred of them at the
door. [Laughter.]
Several Skn\tors. Oh, no!
Mr. HOUSTON. At any rate there is a con-
siderable number of them. Suppose there are only
a hundred, or even fifty here, it would be exceed-
ingly gratifying to those fifty to admit them. 1
do trust that, on this occasion, the Senators will
extend that liberality, that courtesy—to say noth-
ing of gallantry—which i suggest.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, f second the mo-
tion of my friend from Texas with great pleaMirc.
On this occasion, for the reasons which he ha«
suggested, I think the ladies should be permitted
to enter the Senate Chamber, and take the seats
in the rear of us. We are to hear a gentleman to-
day who is renowned for great eloquence, and f
desire very much on this occasion to see the ladies
gratified by giving them an opportunity of hearing
him.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, if it were not
exceedingly ungracious and uiurallant, 1 should
be rompefied to object to the motion of the Sena-
tor from Texas. I unfortunately sit heie on the
frontier, [the honorable gentkmjimVxsent is on ihe
outer row,"} and I am soiry to say that the admis-
sion of ladies disturbs the quietof our location here
very much, ofrentime* mulcting it impossible to !
hear what is said on the other side of the Cham- \
ber; and J am very much moie disposed to turn my '
ear to what is going: on behind me than to iisten i
to what is said on the other side of the Chamber. \
But as this motion has been made by my very !
gallant friend from Texas, I do not wish to be put j
in the position of oppos<n<r it; but T hope the !
ladies will understand that ir' thev shall come m, [
I hope they will be as quiet as possible. [Lr.ugb- I
ter.] |
Mr. PETTIT. I enter an objection in the most |
solemn form against this proposition. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in }
the rhnir.) As the Chair understands the rules o! i
the senate, it requires unanimous consent to adopt I.
this motion. It is equivalent to a motion to sus-
pend the rules, and that requires one day's notice,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. PETTIT. I saw the other day a judge of
the Supreme Court, seventy years of age, stand-
ing here unable to get a seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented twelve memorials
signed by citizens of the city and county of Phil-
adelphia, asking Congress to provide suitable ac-
commodations for a post office, and for the use of
the United States courts of the eastern district of
Pennsylvania; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition numerously
signed by the citizens and property-holders of the
District of Columbia, against the construction of
a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue, in Wash-
ington city; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received a memorial
signed by citizens of Maine, who ask that the ex-
isting laws may be so modified that a maximum
of $15 per ton duty only shall be chargeable upon
the iron imported into this country in any shape,
which I ask may be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
I present also, another petition, and signed, I
believe, by the same persons, who ask that the
duty on charcoal iron may be reduced to $10 a
ton. I ask that this petition also may be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The memorials were so referred.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of the Mis-
sissippi and Wabash Railroad Company, praying
a giant of land to aid in the construction of their
railroad; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial ofWil-
liam A. Duor, administrator of William Duer,
deceased, praying compensation for supplies fur-
nished to the Government of the United Slates,
under contract with the Treasury and War De-
partments; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of G. J.
Pendergrust, Commander United States Navy,
praying reimbursement of his expenditures for
medical services in consequence of the failure of
the Government to provide a naval surgeon; which
was refeired to the Committee on Naval AOairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. P>RIGLLT, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of Washington and Georgetown,
piaying an appiopriation for the purchase of a
site arid the erection of a custom-house for the
District of Columbia, asked to be discharged from
its fuither consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
to incorporate the National Hotel Company of
Washington City, reported it back without amend-
ment.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting to the State of
Alabama alternate sections of land in aid of the
construction of certain railroads in that State.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained the unani- !
mous consent of the Senate to introduce the fol- 1
lowing bills, which were read twice by their titles, j
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands: i
Bill to authorize the sale of Rock Island, m the j
State of Illinois, and for other purposes. j
Bill granting a portion of the public lands to the |
Stateof Illinois, to aid in the construction of the 1
Mississippi and Wabash railroad. j
Bill granting a portion of the public lands to '
aid in the construction of the Warsaw and Rock- j
ford railroad. |
PHILADELPHIA COURTS AND POST OFFICE, jj
Mr. BRODHEAD asked and obtained unani- jj
mous consent to introduce a bill to piovidea place ij
for a post office in the city of Philadelphia, and for j!
the courts of ?lie United States for the eastern dis- j'
tnet of Pennsylvania. It proposes to enact that the ij
Po&tmaster General be authorized and empowered b
to provide necessary and permanent accommoda-
tions for a post office for the city of Philadelphia,
and for the courts of the United States, and the offi-
cers connected with them, in the eastern district of
Pennsylvania, by leasing and fitting up the same,
'or a term not less than ten years, or by purchase.
It provides, however, that no purchase shall take
place, except within the limits of an appropriation
to be made by Congress.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
On the motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the State erf Michigan,
to aid in the construction of the Oakland and Ot-
tawa railroad from Pontiac to Lake Michigan,
and branches from Corunna and Grand Rapids to
the Straits ofMackinaw, and a continuous branch
from thence to the Montreal river, in said State.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Michigan that, when the bill was
under consideration ye&terday, the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] whom I do not now see
here, intimated his desire to address the Senate
upon the subject. I suppose he did not expect
the bill to be called up in the morning hour, and
therefore is not here prepared to discuss it. I
suggest, therefore, that it should go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the Senator
from Georgia, that the Senator from Delaware
simply submitted a motion to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow, and that
motion being pending, my colleague moved to
adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask that the bill should he
postponed until to-morrow. We should accom-
modate the Senator from Delaware by giving him
the opportunity of expressing his views upon it.
Mr. STUART. I should be very glad, Mr.
President, to accommodate a y gentleman who
desires to discuss the bill. It will be recollected,
however, that the Senate discussed several bills
other than this yesterday, and I had hoped that,
this morning, whatever discussion was to be had,
might be had at once, so that the bill might pass.
For myself, I am not disposed to consume the
time of the Senate, nor to prevent any other Sena-
tor from expressing any views which he desires
to present; but I am very solicitous that the bill
should be considered now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is very obvious
that we cannot dispose of this bill to-day. If we
take it up, it will lead to debate, and will con-
sume the morning hour, and extend beyond the
morning hour. We know that at one o'clock the
special order of the day, the Nebraska bill, comes
| up. I therefore propose to the Senator from
I Michigan to postpone the further consideration of
: the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I certainly would consent to
the suggestion made by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, but we have passed other bills at this ses-
sion^and one yesterday morning, precisely like
it, we passed through in ten minute's. We have
already passed two for the State of Wisconsin.
We passed one yesterday morning for the Terri-
tory of Minnesota; and it will be recollected here
we discussed by the hourgenera! principles entirely
disconnected with this bill. The road proposed
to be benefited by the bill runs through an un-
broken wilderness, so that nine tenths of the argu-
ments submitted to the Senate yesterday had no
application to it. Inasmuch as the general princi-
ples governing the bills have been so thoroughly
discussed in the Senate for the last three years, it
does seem to me that we should not becomG very
much enlightened by any further discussion, I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will allow us to
progress with the bill, and let us see what will be
done with it. I assure the honorable Senator,
however, that when the time arrives for entering
upon the consideration of the special order, I shall
not interpose any objection to taking it up. I
have no disposition to interfere with that measure
at all.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not wish to make any
remarks upon this bill; hut f do wish to hear
the principles relating to all these railroad bills
discussed; and I now ask, as aw act of justice to
