1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
las;] and neither of us, as he knows, has any
disposition to do him injustice, because of our
personal respect for him.
Mr. FOOT. Certainly not.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I said
that I regarded this as one of the most fatal bills,
one of the most ill-advised, looking at our complex
but admirable system of Government, that has
been passed by this or any other Congress. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] was
clearly right, when, on yesterday, he remarked
that this bill had not been thoroughly discussed,
or considered by the Senate. How long has it
been since the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,]
who, notwithstanding his notions upon certain
slavery questions, has some good views respecting
State rights, defeated a kindred bill? Not more
than two years since. What, then, were the pro-
visions of this " Miss Dix bill," as it is called ?
Nothing more nor less than that New York should
hold in the very heart of Iowa or California more
than ten counties, in superficial area; to hold that
land up at any price which she might choose to fix
upon it; hold it there as Indian reservations or
other reservations have been held in the center of
some of the new States, to be increased sufficiently in
amount to control the entire politics of the States
where the lands lie. How long has it been since
the respectable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Un-
derwood] moved his amendment to the Iowa rail-
road bill; that the States in which there were no
public lands should, as States, be allowed to hold
land within the borders of other sovereign States
of this Union ? IIow long is it since the provision
originated for issuing this hank rag currency,
stamped all over with pictures, to be issued at the
Treasury? Only since it was shown in the dis-
cussion on Mr. Underwood's amendment to the
Iowa land bill, but about two years since, that the
proposition, if carried, would lead to domestic
insurrection and bloodshed. Then originated, for
the sake of getting rid of the difficulty of allowing
one sovereignty to hold lands withm another, this
paper money invention. It is due to a respectable
member oftheother House, [Mr. Bennett, of New
York,] to say, that his eenius conceived this mode
of getting rid of the difficulties of allowing one
sovereign State to hold land within the heart of
another, controlling its politics and disturbing its
peace and harmony.
Sir, without intending to make any imputation
upon any human being, and least of all, upon
the dignified Senator from Vermont, let me tell
him that, without intending U—and I know he
does not intend it—his bill would have produced
scenes of speculation, scenes of disgrace, and of
plunder, and pillage, such as this country has never
witnessed but for the wise interposition of Presi-
dent Pierce's veto. It was, in my opinion, the com-
mencement of a system which, if it had been pro-
longed, as it certainly would but for the death blow
which the President has struck it, would have
swallowed up the whole of the public lands, and
have established a system of trading and peddling
at Albany, Montpelier, and other seats of gov-
ernment, under the control of the dominant ma-
jority which hasheretofore proved so fatal. These
cords of French assignats would have been taken
there to be squandered and bargained oft* by cor-
rupt legislative majorities, to control and influ-
ence the politics of our distant States. The lands
would be disposed of at those seats of govern-
ment for political purposes. Cords of these bank
bills would be carried off from the Treasury of the
United States, and bought up at low prices by
favorites, who would gp and locate them on the
public lands (rich as the Delta of Egypt) in Iowa,
Wisconsin, Louisiana, and other new States.
These were the provisions of the bill. It is a
revival of that old system of selling lands at the
court-houses and seats of government, which.led
to so much confusion. What then would become
of the provision that the land should be applied^
to the support of the insane1 Why, it would be
disregarded, just as the sovereign States once dis-
regarded your mandate, put m the shape of law,
' that they should send their members of Congress
here by districts, instead of by States. The State
of Mississippi was one of the States which refused
to comply, and my friend from California reminds
me that his State now elects her Representatives
by general ticket, in the face of your law. So it
would be in the disposition of this bank paper.
The States would do as they please with it, and
where is your power to coerce, or compel, or to
alter their legislation ? You have none.
But, sir, so far as I am concerned, I never stop
to inquire what the President wiil do with the
homestead or any other bill. He has sent us here
his veto of this bill. I am ready to record my
vote on that veto. [ am ready to proceed to that
reconsideration of the bill which the Constitution
requires. I hope we shall do so, according to the
former usages of the Senate. I am unwilling to
postpone its consideration for any longer time
than is necessary for deliberation. Let us pursue
the usual course on such occasions. I am anxious
and desirous to accommodate my friend from Cal-
ifornia in anything, but I cannot agree to postpone
the consideration of the question, with a view to
action on other kindred subjects.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 do not wish to procrastinate
this debate, but i have a word to say to my friend
from Iowa. He seems, I think, to misunderstand
the object of my proposed postponement of this
measure. The object which I have in view is
this: I look upon this as a very favorable occa-
sion afforded to the Senate, to settle and establish
some principle in relation to the disposition of the
public domain, i regard this as the best chance,
the fairest opportunity that has ever been offered
to the Senate, since I became a member of the
body, to fix some general principles in relation to
the future disposition of the public domain. I am
as anxious for that as any member of this body.
That is my object; that is the reason I wish to
postpone this measure. Now, when the honorable
Senator from Delaware rises up in his plar.e, and
says he thinks it is respectful to the President,
that we should not act on the measure at the
present time, I should hke to know if that honor-
able Senator entertains a higher respect for the
Chief Magistrate, either personally or politically,
than I do. I doubt whether any member of this
body can say he does. I am not in the habit of
making professions; but if any gentleman sup-
poses or believes the object of the proposed post-
ponement is disrespectful to the President, he
does me as much injustice as he does the Chief
Magistrate. 1 would be the last man in this body
to do an act disrespectful to the President.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My friend wholly mis-
understood me if he supposes that i attributed
any such thing to ht<n at all. I only spoke of the
necessity of our pursuing the usual course.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not mean to say that the
honorable Senator from Iowa intimated anything
of the kind; but the honorable Senator from Dei-
aware seemed to intimate, and actually did declare,
that he thought it would be respectful to the Presi-
dent that we should act promptly on the message,
even to-day. Now, even on that ground, consid-
ering that this is a great subject, and that the
message embraces, if looked at properly, the
future management and disposition of the public
domain, I think it is more respectful to the Presi-
dent that we should take sometime to dwell upon
this message, and meet it with that deliberation
which is due to it. I think we should consider it
in all its bearings, in reference to all its principles,
not only upon the measure immediately before us,
but upon the homestead bill, the Pacific railroad
bill, and the grants of land to the new States for
railroad purposes, in which the honorable Senator
from Iowa takes so deep an interest.
Now, sir, that is the reason why I have made
this motion. It is my opinion, honestly enter-
tained, that if we enter upon the discussion of
this bill now, which wiil open the door to consti-
tutional arguments, there is a farewell to the home-
stead bill, or to any other practical measure in
relation to the public lands for this session. The
Senator may be a friend of the measure, he may
desire its passage; but I assure him that if he
goes into this discussion now, he will defeat that
measure as effectually as if he votes against it.
That is my opinion now. Time will either verify
it, or show that he is right. I say it is our duty
to take up the homestead bill and consider it, and
at thesame time we shall be considering the bear-
ing, and import, and future effect of the great
measure now upon your table.
Now, sir, with regard to the veto power, allow
me to say that I regard it as a fortunate power;
and I think the exercise of it, even in this case,
may be a fortunate matter. And why ? Because
it will bring us to review our action upon^ these
i subjects, and what is still better, i^yilllsring us
to establish some principles that will govern us-in
our future conduct in relation to this important
matter-—<he disposition of the public domain.
My opinion, however, isr that if we take up this
message, and enter into a discussion of it now,
we shall never see the homestead bill, nor any
other practical bill relative to the public lands car-
ried through Congress at this session.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, there seems to
be a great anxiety, on the part of certain gentle-
men here, to postpone the consideration of this
bill, after they have each made some-half dozen
speeches upon it. I rise now, however, to give
notice, that if the blank in the resolution is not
filled as the Senator from Illinois proposes to fill
it—for I understand the question is now upon
the motion of that Senator to fill it with next
Monday two weeks—I shall move to fill that
blank with next Monday, believing that propriety
dictates that we should at an early day proceed to
the consideration of this measure. While I am
up, I wish to say that I intend to be heard at
some length upon this veto message, and upon
ihis bill.
# Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator has a speech, I
suppose, and he wants to make it.
Mr. PETTIT. The Senator from Illinois says
that I have a speech, and I want to make it. Let
me say to that Senator, that if he had been as
industrious as I was last night, sitting up to one
o'clock examining these questions, he would be
as well, in fact better, prepared than I am for their
discussion; for he has powers for mastering a
subject with greater facility than I have.
Mr. SHIELDS. Do not have that reported.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PETTIT. Well, sir, I have nothing to
conceal from reporters. [Laughter.] 1 propose
to discuss this question, as I have said, at some
length. I propose to show that the power of
this Government (even at the time of the accept-
ance of these grants while we were under the Con-
federacy) to dispose of the territory, of the soil,
of the public land was unlimited; that it ever has
been and now is unlimited; and that the uncon-
stitutionality of this bill—for that it is unconsti-
tutional I have no doubt—consists not in the
granting, or giving away, or disposition of the
soil, but it consists in two other things. Its un-
constitutionality consists first in usurping the
power and authority here to tell States how they
shall dispose of the proceeds of the lands granted:
and secondly, in directing them to account to us
as their masters—a thing that I entirely deny
your power to do.
The bill, for these two reasons, in my judgment,
is unconstitutional; but not because it disposes of
land generally, m any form or in any manner
whatever. I take the broadest ground on that
subject, and wish not to be misunderstood. The
bill is objected to for another reason, not reaching
the point of unconstitutionality, but as to its inex-
pediency and impropriety. That objection, in
the language of the President, is that it makes us
almoners, to take care of all the indigent, all the
needy, and all the suffering; to usurp the offices
of chanty, the offices of humanity, that properly
belong to the States. For that reason, if for no
other, it ought, in my judgment, to have been
vetoed. I fully and cordially approve of the result.
I believe that a fair construction and fair read-
ing of the veto message will not put this veto upon
the basis that we have not power to dispose of the
lands, but upon the other ground which I have
named, that we have not the power to direct how
their proceeds shall be applied, and how, at what
time, and under what circumstances, they shall
be accounted for by the States to us. I shall en-
deavor, and I think I shall be able to show, when
the proper time arrives, that the veto does not in-
volve the principles of the homestead bill, and will
not necessarily bring a veto from the President
upon that bill.
But, sir, I did not rise now to discuss the sub-
ject, nor to bring these questions to the considera-
tion of the Senate, but to ask that some definite
action be taken. It is due, as the Senator from
Delaware has properly said, that we should at a
reasonable and an early day, proceed to the con-
sideration of this question. Nor do I think, its
discussion will, by any means, occupy the whole
residue of this session, and deprive us of the op-
portunity of considering other important measures.
The very fact that important measures aye behind
