THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.'C-.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1854.
New Series....No. 69.
come out in an elaborate speech against the mo-
tion itself.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall vote for the motion.
I was giving my preconceived opinions; but I
made the motion to postpone until Monday, and
I intend to vote for it.
Mr. SEWARD. Then, all I have to say is,
that I prefer to have the subject postponed until
Monday, in order that we may have a discussion
of the merits of the question itself—a deliberate
and considerate one—a discussion which will en-
lighten us. It is very apparent that this sporadic,
irregular discussion, bringing in everything foreign
to the subject-matter, is not calculated to fit us for
a deliberate review of the question before us; and,
as there are but two legislative days between this
and Monday, I hope it may be agreed on all hands
that we drop this question for to-day, take up
what other business we have before us—and there-
is enough of it—and come here prepared, on next
Monday, to give this subject a considerate, delib-
erate, regular, ordinary, and orderly disposition;
so that, while we are discussing it, we may avow
that we are doing so, and that the responsibility
may rest on each member to do it with such de-
liberation, candor, and ability as he can bring to
bear upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I withdrew my motion to post-
pone, for the purpose of bringing up the discus-
sion now. i believe we can discuss and dispose
of the question now as well as hereafter. It is
well known to the Senate that I wish to get an-
other bill, which I deem of great interest, before
the body for action. My object is to get this
subject disposed of until that can be acted upon.
Therefore, as a test question, to see whether we
are to have any more talking on this subject now
or not, I move to lay on the table the motion of
the Senator from Florida, to postpone the consid-
eration of this bill until next Monday.
Mr. BADGER. That motion carries the bill
with it.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; I think not. That is a
separate question. My motion is, that the motion
of the Senator from Florida lie on the table.
Mr. IICJNTER. I rise to a point of order.
Does not that carry the bill with it ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it does.
Mr. GW!N. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope we shall go on with
the debate now.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Florida, to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until
Monday next.
Mr. GWIN. Is it in order to move to strike
out "next Monday," and insert " Monday
week ?"
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
Mr. GWIN. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion of the Senator from Florida.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Bright, Brown, Burler, Clay, Dixon, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Foot, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Morton,
Norrn, Pettit, Seward, Shdell, Toombs, Toucey, Wade,
and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brodhead, Chase, Clayton,
Cooper, Dawson, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, James, Jones of
Tennessee, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Stuart, Sum-
ner, Thompson of Kentucky, Walker, and Weller—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill, reported from
the select committee, to provide for the construc-
tion of a railroad from the valley of the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific ocean, and on that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not take up
that bill. I trust we shall go on to-day with the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. GWIN. The Indian appropriation bill is
not suffering for time. The fiscal year is not yet
out, and we can act upon that bill at any time.
69
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the motion of Mr Gwin to take up the Pa~
: cific railroad bill, resulted—yeas 20, nays 23; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bright, Chase. Dawson, Dixon,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Foot, Geyer, G win, James, Jones
ofTennessee, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, ShdeJJ, Sum-
ner, Walker, and Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Byard, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Brown', Butler, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Bvans,
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Johnson, Mallory, Norris, Pettit, Se-
bastian, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Wade,
and Williams—23.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1855, the pending question
beingontheamendmentreported by Mr. Walker,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to insert
the following:
To the Creek nation of Indians, in full for all demands
against the United Slates, the sum of $500,000, in payment
for eight million acres of land at siix and a quarter cents
per aerc. taken fiom the friendly Creeks without compen-
sation, by tho treaty or capitulation of Fort Jackson, of
August £>, 1814.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted yesterday by the message which was
received from the President, I had reached that
point in the explanation of this case which brought
me to the statement of the manner in which the
friendly Creeks had been treated by the capitula-
tion of Fort Jackson. It had been shown, I think,
that, although they had been faithful allies of the
United States; had fought against the hostile mem-
bers of their own tribe, and against the British,
and in favor of the United States, under the Amer-
ican flag, and under the command of the Ameii-
can military officers, yet, when peace came to be
made, they were compelled to pay the expenses
of the war; and that, so far from the treaty or the
capitulation taking the form of compelling the hos-
tiles to pay the damages, it assumed the form of
compelling the friendly allies of the United States
to assume the position of hostiles for the purpose,
enter into a capitulation, and give up their country.
1 am sustained in this history of the matter, not
only by the more ancient documents connected
with the subject, but by the information, the ad-
missions, the statements, and, I may say, the
reports, which have been made by the Indian Bu-
reau and the Department of the Interior recently.
I have them before me, but they are too lengthy
to refer to in this explanation. I will simply
advert to them, and say that the history of this
matter which 1 have given, is not only correctly
stated in the memorial and in the documentary
history, but expressly admitted to be true by facts
which we have, not only from the proper Depart-
mentof the present, butof the late Administration.
This capitulation was made with these Indians
by General Jackson. Agent Hawkins, at the
time, in communicating with the Department, ex-
pressed his astonishment at the manner in which
the conclusion of peace was conducted. I do not
mean by what I have said to censure General
Jackson's conduct; or, if it were in my power, to
throw a shade upon his memory. In his report
to the Department of War, or to the President, he
gives what seem to be very strong State reasons
for his conduct upon that occasion. In that re-
port, he lays the condition of* the country before
the administration; he states that he felt himself
bound by considerations of public policy to take
possession for the United States of the country
which then bordered upon the Spanish dominions.
We know, sir, that at that time we were involved
in difficulty in referenceto the Spanish dominions.
We know they were made, as it were, a harbor
of refuge for the enemies of the country; a kind
of recruiting ground for rebels; and that General
Jackson had been forced to enter, what it was
claimed then he had not the right to do,a friendly
country, seize upon munitions there collected, and
not only that, but we know he there seized upon
Arbuthnot and Armbtister; that he had them shtft
for insurrection, and for stirring up difficulties in
the country.
Seeing this state of facts existing in regard to
that region, he felt himself under the necessity of
depriving the Indians of that country, and, if pos-
sible, placing our southern border in such a con-
dition that it might be more easily defended; or,
at all events, that it might not be in a condition to
be made so easily a point of annoyance to the
Government. These were the reasons which he
assigned. These are not his words, but I have
given the general idea which he gave for treating
the friendly Creeks as he did. He was unable to
assemble the hostiles. They were not there to
treat with him. What became of them? Why,
when they found that they were conquered, that
they would be looked upon as enemies, and would
probably be severely punished if they could be
caught, they made good their escape into Florida,
joined the Seminoles, and have remained a por-
tion of the Seminoles, I believe, ever since. Then
he had no one to treat with but the friendly Creeks.
The direction was, that the treaty should assume
the form of a capitulation; and in ocder that he
might get a capitulation of that country, he forced
the chiefs of the friendly Creeks into the position
which has been named. They then executed this
treaty, or these articles of capitulation, but let it
be borne in mind that when they did so they pro-
tested against it most solemnly. They not only
protested in fact, but they required, before signing
it, than an instrument should bedrawn up declara-
tory and explanatory of their views. An instrument
wasdrawn up,in which it was alleged and conceded
that they were the owners of the country; that
they alone had the right to dispose of it; and that
they had received no equivalent for the cession
which they made by the capitulation. That in-
strument was drawn up at their request, contem-
poraneously with the articles of capitulation, and
sent on, as their part of the treaty, to the War De-
partment. That will be found set out at length in
the State Papers on Indian Affairs, abstracts of,
which are incorporated in the report from the De-
partment of the Interior, to which I have referred.
In that report, itis stated that this was their under-
standing of the treaty by which they had been
forced, as it were, to capitulate, to cede their
country, though they had received nothing for it;
and that whatever may be due to any person, fo
any portion of the tribes for this land, is due to
them.
Well, sir, what was the extent of the country-
taken from them? I have here the report of the
Department of the Interior, by which it appears
that over twenty-four millions of acres of land
were taken by the capitulation. Deducting
from it what was left really within the hostile
country, and with which the friendly Creeks did
not deem that they had anything to do, deducting
what was left between the Coosa and the Talla-
poosa, we still have an amount of ten millions of
acres which have been taken from them; but, sir,
the committee do not report in favor of paying
them for ten millions, but only in favor of paying
them for eight millions of acres.
Mr. HUNTER. How do you make out the
ten millions?
Mr. WALKER. That is according to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, received from
mm yesterday. It appears from that report, that
the amount of land taken from the friendly Creeks
was upwards of twenty-four millions of acres; but,
deductingfrom it what was left in the really hostile
country, we find that over ten millions were taken
from them. Thecommittee have reported in favor
of paying them for eight millions of acres of land;
and the rate we have now fixed is different from
that which was fixed by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. He, after consultation with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, ad-
dressed this letter to the Secretary of the Interior:
"Dfpartment of the Interior, ?
" Office Indian Affairs, January 21,1853. y
"Sir: 1 have the honor to acknowledge there'eeiptofthe
letter addressed to you on the 18th instant, by tb« Hoa. R,
