1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I will an-
swer the gentleman's question by reading the
written estimate. •
" Estimate for the compensation and expenses of a com-
iBitt-ion of civil and military men appointed undei the pro-
viMOii* of the Army appropriation act of March 3,1853, to
determine matters connected with the management of the
national armories.
" Fot the compensation of six members, and a secretary
for 11*2, 119, 114,112, 111, and 112 days respectively, in all
796 days, at per clay, AS,338, less the pay of three Army
officers for 112, 111, and 112 days respectively, 1,720 05,
leaving '$4,617 95
" Second, to traveling, m all 10,341 miles, at ten
cents a mile..   1,034 10
"Third, printing  344 00
$5,996 05
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I understand
the state of the case to be this: that the officers of
the Army who were engaged in this service are
to receive eight dollars per day, deducting their
regular pay.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is it.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, sir, if this be the
state of the case, I am opposed to the amendment.
These officers go into the Army, and receive com-
pensation for their services. That compensation
is fixed by law; and I do not think that it is proper
for this House to undertake, by this indirection,
to increase that compensation m the mode.that it
is here attempted, at the rate of eight dollars per
day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, if the gen-
tleman from Virginia allows me, I will say a word
on this subject. I believe that the position he oc-
cupies in relation to the compensation of military
men to be a just and proper one if it were univer-
sally followed. But it is not universally followed,
and therefore the committee thought it proper, in
this case, to conform to what had been the con-
stantand unbroken custom of the Department,
sanctioned by Congress.
Mr. LETCHER. I understood,Mr. Chairman,
that this was the era of retrenchment and reform
—particularly in this House. I had expected to
see the Committee of Ways and Means set the
example on this subject, by reforming old abuses,
and curtailing bad customs. But it seems now that
this amendment was introduced here because t^e
principle of it is in accordance with old abuses,
and fur the purpose of perpetuating and sanction-
ing this principle in all time to come.
Now, sir, if this be the state of the case, the
sooner we get out of the practice the better. I
want to go back to the old rule which prevailed in
the better days of the Republic. Let us confine
these gentlemen to their salaries, and pay them
what they are entitled to under the existing law,
and no more.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asburf Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed a
bill entitled 'iAnacttoaid theTerritory of Minne-
sota to construct a railroad for postal, military,
and other purposes."]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is discussion still in order
upon the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is exhausted
upon the proposed amendment, and it will be ne-
cessary to oiler another amendment before further
discussion can be in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I agree with the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] that this appropri-
ation sho'uld be so far reduced as that it should
provide only for the payment of the civilians who
sat upon this armory commission, and when so
amended, 1 am in favor of the amendment offered
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I should have been better satisfied had
the amendment embraced an appropriation for the
payment of the counsel and the witnesses who
appeared before the commissioners, at Springfield,
under the impression, derived from the commis-
sioners, that they were to be paid. But, sir, I am
in favor of the amendment.
These commissioners have made a report to the
President, I understand, in regard to the working
of the military system of superintendence at the
national armory, at Springfield; they have re-
ported in favor of a change from the military to
the civil superintendence, the news of which has
j; Widened the hearts of evuy New England me-
chanic who has heard (and who has not heard ?)
of the petty tyranny exercised at the national ar-
mories by gentlemen m epaulets, whose educa-
tion, if not inclination, leads them to look upon
the mechanic in the workshop as the soldier in his
barracks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I am exceedingly anxious to get this bill through
as soon as possible to-day, and if we enter into a
discussion of the merits of the original proposi-
tion thefdebate will he indefinitely prolonged.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe I am m order,
and hope the gentleman from Alabama will not
interrupt me.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise the point of order,
that it is not competent to enter into a discussion
of the merits of the original proposition, and 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will sus-
pend until the Chair decides the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we go into that discus-
sion it will last for days. The question 1 make
is this: the proposition is now to pay thecommis-
sioners for the performance of certain services.
The labor has been done, and that in pursuance
of a law of the last Congress; and I say it is not
in order, upon that proposition, for gentlemen to
discuss the merits of the original proposition upon
which they were acting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Connecticut merely to advert
to the value of the services rendered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will endeavor to make
my remarks germane to the question, and I trust'
the gentleman will not again interrupt me. I
hope the amendment will pass unanimously; and
when Congress has done its duty in the premises,
I hope the President will decide this question m
accordance with the report of the commission he
appointed; and then I trust Congress will expunge
from the statute-book this anti-republican law,
which places free mechanics, men of character,
industry, and worth, under drum-head orders.
Congress will have, I suppose, the report of these
commissioners before it in due time—a report
signed by such distinguished men as Andrew
Stevenson, of Virginia, Governor Steele, of New
Hampshire, and Chancellor Walworth, of New
York—if the half of what I hear is true, there is a
system of petty oppression and espionage exer-
cised at the Springfield armory which is befitting
more a penitentiary of convicts than a government
institution, in which some of the first mechanics
and men of genius in the country are employed.
But I am reminded that this is not the time or
the occasion to speak of these things. I hope they
will present themselves shortly; and when gentle-
men come to know the truth of this matter, sure I
am that they will not hesitate to restore the super-
intendency of the armories to that republican sys-
tem in which all our institutions are conceived,
and which a previous Congress has, in this in-
stance, (in my opinion,) clearly departed from.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Inckrsoll,] and 1 desire to say to the Chair
and committee, that my opposition to the course
of remark pursued by that gentleman does not
proceed from any disinclination to hear that sub-
ject discussed whenever it shall be proper to take
it up.
The proper time, in my opinion, to discuss the
merits of these two systems, will be when the
armory bill comes up, in which the appropriation
is contained. Here we only propose to pay gen-
tlemen for examining and making a report; and
that report, I take it, will be submitted to both
Houses. If gentlemen desire it, they may discuss
this subject upon the proposition to print the re-
port, and when an appropriation is proposed to be
made for the armories, discussion of the kind now
indulged in will be in order, but jt is not in order
at present. I hope that the committee will rule it
out of order, and that they will agree to postpone
it until it comes up legitimately. Let us, if pos-
sible, get this bill through as soon as possible,
and not discuss matters which will come up more
appropriately at another time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment 1 olFered.
Mr. LETCHER,. I propose to reduce the
amount £3,000
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me I will offer an amendment to that '
clause, that will, perhaps, better accomplish Ins ,
object, and it is, if he will hear it read, to insert I
at the end of the proposed amendment the fol~
lowing:
Or so much thereof as may be necessary, provfded that
nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize
the payment or allowance of any compensation to military
men employed other than their regular pay or emolument,-
as officets of ihe Army.
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones} wilt
satisfy me. So far as this military and civil su--
perintendency is concerned, my course is known to*
be as decidedly against military superintendenc/
as that of the gentleman over the way. I $ras
opposed to it in the last Congress, and I am op-
posed to it now; but at the same time, I do not
think it necessarily follows that we should under-
take to increase the salaries of officers because we
happen to be in favor of civil superintendency over
the military.
It strikes me that there is a great disposition
manifested here to add to the salaries of public of-
ficers. We find the number of public officers
almost daily increased here, and that theirsalaries
are increased also, in the way of percentage, in
almost every way which the ingenuity of man can
suggest. We find here a proposition to add to the
regular salaries of these gentlemen while they are
engaged in service far lighter than the performance
of their regular duties as military officers. It seems
to me that there is no reason in it, and there can
be no reason for it.
It affords a little recreation if they have to go
upon excursions of this sort, and leave their regular
duties in the Army to engage in such service for
the time being. The fair rule would be, instead of
increasing, to decrease the compensation allowed
them. I have no objection to paying the other
gentlemen concerned in the commission what is
reasonable and right. They have been selected
from a different walk in life, and they have no reg-
ular compensation except what they get for their
services as awarded to them in pursuance of law.
In the other case, they are receiving regular pay,
and their compensation ought to be confined to
their regular pay.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the amendment to the
amendment may be read as it will stand if the
amendment I have proposed to it be adopted.
The amendment, as proposed to be amended,
was read by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the amount proposed in
the original amendment changed by the amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. JONES. It is not. The amendment, as
proposed to the original amendment, offered by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, provides the same amount, or so much
thereof as may be necessary; provided that nothing
therein contained shall be so construed as to in-
crease the pay of the officers of the Army engaged
in the commission.
T agree perfectly with the gentleman from Vir-
1 ginia [Mr. Letcher] in regard to the payment of
additional compensation to these Army officers,
1 whose service is permanent; but in reference to
: the others, whose employment was merely tem-
porary, the case is entirely different.
! The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
•The question then recurred upon the adoption
1 of the amendment as amended.
! Mr. FAULKNER. I propose to increase the
] appropriation #1,000, with a view of the prosecu-
tion of the same inquiry at Harper's Ferry which
j1 has been made at Springfield.
I Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the gentle-
' man from Virginia to propose an appropriation
j. with a view of continuing this commission at
i i Harpet's Ferry ?
: Mr. FAULKNER. I propose to increase the
appropriation $1,000, that the President may, if
he thinks proper, direct the commissioners to pro-
ceed with their duties at Harper s Perry. The
original intention of the commission, as i under-
stand it, was that the investigation should take
place both at Harper's Ferry and Springfield. I
. am one of those who believe that the discretion
i1 which was vested in the President of the United
; States by the act of Congress referred to by the
I,' gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] to de-
| cide the question whether the national armories
, should be under a military or civil superintendence
should never have been placed in the hands of the
Executive. J protected against it at the time, and
