1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
194*7
to these gentlemen in any derogation of their char-
acter. No, sir, I make no reflections upon those
military gentlemen. I have been called upon to
refer to tneir names, and have presented them.
But, sir, f do not believe they have received any
pay to which they are not entitled under the exist-
ing laws. 1 make no charges upon any of the
officers of the Army. I believe they are incapable
of taking any pay to which they are not entitled.
Their pay is allowed by the accounting officers of
the Governrhent.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then, why does not the gen-
tleman propose some remedy ? Why does not he
introduce a measure abolishing all pay for brevet
rank.
Mr. PHELPS. I concur fully with the gen-
tleman in the opinion that pay for brevet rank
should be abolished, and I am also in favor of
abolishing all command in consequence of brevet
title.
Sir, this brevet ranlc was originally conferred
merely as an honorary distinction, and not with
the intention of conferring any additional com-
mand, or of giving any additional pay. Now, as
to the question of the gentleman from Ohio, why
I do not, bring forward some measure proposing a
reform in the expenditures of the Army, and re-
forming the abuses that are existing, 1 have to say
that J happen to belong to that much abused
Committee of Ways and Means. Charges have
been made, ever since I have been a member of
the House of Representatives, that the Committee
of Ways and Means are seeking to monopolize all
the business of the House, and to deprive other
committees of the business which legitimately be-
longs to them; and if I, as a memberof that com-
mittee, had come forward with a proposition for
the reform of the Army, and another proposition
for the reform of the Navy, and another for re-
organizing the various departments of the Gov-
ernment, it would have been said at once that the
matter emanated from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the committee would then be
justly liable to the charge of endeavoring to ab-
sorb all the business of the House. The rules of
the House intrust this subject to another com-
mittee, who are supposed to be more familiar with
the Army laws and the Army regulations than the
Committee of Ways and Means, which is simply
the finance committee of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. While the gentleman from
Missouri is upon the subject ot reform in the
Army, and especially upon the subject of brevet
pay, I ask him to allow me to say that those sub-
jects belong peculiarly to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. Sir, at a very early period of the
session,the House, upon my motion,unanimously
adopted a resolution instructing the Committee on
Military Affairs to inquire into the expediency of
so modifying: the existing laws with reference to
the Army officers, that members of the House
could tell what pay they did receive—to so modify
them, that officers of the Army should receive
monthly pay, service rations in kind, and noth-
ing else. And, sir, I had hoped that resolution
would have brought about some of these great
reforms; bat there is nothing said about it. There
is no report from the committee on the subject.
Let me give notice just here, that before the bill
is finished I intend to offer an amendment, if I get
the opportunity, providing that brevet rank shall
not carry pay under any circumstances.
Mr. FAULKNER. With the permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I shall make a brief
reply to what fell from the gentleman from Ala-
bama, I have never seen the resolution to which
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means refers. He may remember that three or
four weeks ago I called on him for the purpose of
inquiring whether some such resolution had not
been offered by him. He answered me in the af-
firmative; but I have never seen the resolution.
Now I understand, from a conversation with
the Secretary of War, that while great abuses
have existed in this matter of brevet pay under
one construction of the law, his construction of
the law is different, and that it is his purpose to
have those abuses reformed. It was a casual con-
versation with the Secretary. I may be mistaken,
but such was the impression left on my mind.
As to the other point of inquiry to which the
gentleman alluded, it is one which goes to a radi-
cal reform of the whole system of pay of the
Armj*, and which has been in operation since.the
foundation of the Government. I did not feel pre-
pared to go into the reform, of substituting fixed
salaries for pay and rations. I did, after my con-
versation with the gentleman from Alabama, ad-
dress a communication to the War Department on
the subject. I found that it was a reform involv-
ing so much of detail and examination that it was
impossible to go into it during the present session
of Congress. But I will say, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that the pay of an officer
of the Army, so far as hia rations are concerned,
is as easily ascertained, and as susceptible of
exact results, as it the whole amount was payable
by law in money. Any gentleman, by taking the
Army Register, can at once see what is the pay
of any officer in the Army, except those contin-
gencies depending on special service, which form
no part of the regular pay. There is no conceal-
ment; no disguise about it. The present system
has its advantages, and it may nave some evils
attached to it; but it is all set forth m the Army
Register, except those contingent rations, which,
depending upon special service, cannot be esti-
mated in advance of the employment and service.
Mr. PHELPS. In regard to the statements of
the Army Register, I hold an opinion different
from that entertained by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. I declare it as my opinion, that any gentle-
man making computation of the entire pay of
any field officer in the Army of the United States,
will find the result falls short nearly $1,000 of
the pay actually received. Let us take lor illus-
tration the pay of a colonel of mounted riflemen
or dragoons. His pay proper, rations, and com-
mutations for servants and forage, amount to
$183 the month, or $2,196 the year, as stated
in the Army Register. Now, I tell this House
as matter of fact, that there is not a colonel of
the Army who, for the fiscal year of 1853, did
not receive $3,000, or near that amount. One of
the colonels of dragoons received $3,295 for the
fiscal year ending on the 30th June, 1853; the
other, for eleven months in the same year, re-
ceived $2,766.
In the Army Register you will find the monthly
pay of a colonel of infantry set down at $166 the
month, amounting to $1,992 per annum. By ex-
amination, you will find that longevity rations and
rations for commanding posts are not embraced
at all. Turn to the colonel of the third regiment
of infantry, to whom nothing was allowed for
fuel, quarters, transportation of baggage, &c., and
you find that for the year to which i have referred
he received $2,615. He was on leave, if he had
been commanding a military department or post,
he would have received double hin regular rations.
I speak in round numbers, but his pay is some-
thing less than $2,600. In this connection I will
refer to another instance, that of a colonel who is
not on duty, the colonel of the fourth regiment of
infantry, who, I believe, has not been on duty for
six or eight years. His pay for the year was
$2,733 60, while his pay, as put down in the
Army Register, would only amount to $1,99:2.
Mr. FAULKNER. Wherever it appears from
the document to which the gentleman from Mis-
souri has called the attention of Congress, that
the pay of an officer is greater than appears in the
Army Register, it results from acts of contingent
service, of which it is impossible to make an es-
timate in advance. Such, for example, his post i
rations, his transportation of baggage, mileage, j
&c. I say in every instance where, by that docu- i
ment, it appears that the pay of an Army officer i
is greater than appears in the Army Register, it ^
results from such contingent services or expendi- \
tures—services and expenditures cast upon him by :
the Government, and which we do not regard as i
a part of his regular duties. I will remark, more- I
over, if the gentleman will examine the document, !
he will see that many of these allowances belong !
to a different fiscal year, thus swelling the aggre- J
gate by portions of pay due for former years. I'
Mr. PHELPS. I trunk I have examined this
subject with as much care as my friend from Vir- ''
ginia. i have no disposition to make any state- ,t
ments except such as I believe to be true. I have J
mentioned but one instance where an amount on !'
account of a preceding year was embraced, and I
that a small sum. I regard the bill now under !
consideration as a bill intended more particularly !
for the increase of the pay of officers of the Army i
than for the increase of the pay of the rank and i
file. You find many officers of the Army de-!
daring that their compensation is too small*. I
recollect that a friend of mine, a member of this
House, remarked to me, not long since, when he
returned from a little journey, which he had taken
for his health, that wherever he went he found the
hotels filled with officers of the Army and Navy,
who were traveling about on leave of absence, and
drawing their pay in the mean time.
Mr. HENN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri this question: Whether there is
actually any deficiency in the number of officers of
the Army ?
Mr. PHELPS. I have already stated to the
House that there is no deficiency in the number of
officers; but that, on the contrary, there is a large
supernumerary list. Here is the Army Register,
published last winter, and I find by it that there
were at that time fifty-six officers, graduates of
West Point, attached to the Army with the brevet
of second lieutenants, waiting for vacancies to occur
in the list of second lieutenants, in order to be com-
missioned as second lieutenants. We may now
add to that number of fifty-six the number of
those confiprised in the class which has just grad-
uated this summer, amounting, I suppose, to some
fifty. This shows, if no vacancies have occurred
since the publication of the last Army Register,
and if the number of graduates at West Point this
summer amounts to fifty, as I suppose it does,
that we have at this time one hundred and six
supernumerary officers attached to the Army of the
United States, with the commission of brevet sec-
ond lieutenant. -
But if there is no deficiency in the officers, there
is a deficiency in the men. i know that since we
have been here, we have heard gentleman say:
" We must increase the Army; we must have
another regiment formed." But there is no neces-
sity for that. I cannot conceive that there is any
necessity for it. It has been my policy to fill up
the ranks of the Army. You have a sufficient
number of officers now. But you want the men.
You want the men who shoulder the musket, and
who mount the horse to pursue the Indians who
attack our frontier settlements. It is not, I repeat,
the officers that you want. They are there; but
they are rendered inefficient because they have not
men fitted for the service, owing to the smallness
of the compensation allowed them. You find that
many of the men who are enlisted as dragoons,
when they are brought into service, sit the saddle
in the most awkward manner, and are hardly
fitted for the service in which they are engaged.
But, air, I am awaie this bill is to be followed
by another, if this one is successful. And I pre-
sume it is right for me, in this connection, to refer
to that. The bill I allude to is a bill providing
for a retired list for the Army. We have before
us at this time two bills relating to the Army.
One is u to regulate the pay and increase the effi-
ciency of the Army of the United States and for
other purposes," which means " to increase the
pay of the officers, and make a slight addition to
that of the men." The pay of the men is to be
increased by it from seven dollars per month to ten
dollars; but the pay of the officers is to be increased
much more. The other bill which we have before
us, and which is to be the sequence of the one now
under consideration, is a bill to promote the effi-
ciency of. the Army by retiring disabled officers.
And you propose to pay to the disabled officers so
retired the higher pay provided for in the bill
which is now under consideration. Thus, then,
if, after having passed this bill, you would place a
colonel of the Army of the United States on the
retired list, you would order him a pension of
$1,620 per year. If the bill now under consider-
ation should pass as it is now m print, and if
you provide for a retired list of officers, then, I
repeat, a colonel who would be put on the retired
list, would receive a pension of $1,620 per year.
Again, if a major of the Army is placed on the
retired list, his pension would be $1,140. A
lieutenant colonel would receive $1,360; a captain
of cavalry would receive $1,020; a oh ptain of ar-
tillery and infantry would receive $900.
Go into the States and see the salaries that are
paid to your best officers. See the salaries that
are paid to your Governors or judges, who are
called upon to decide those intricate questions in-
volving not only the property and the reputation
of your citizens, but even their life and liberty.
You will find \ery many States of the Union
where the laws are as properly administered as in
