1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
any-other, and where the judges of the circuit and i;
supreme courts are not receiving as much pay as ;;
it is proposed to give to some of these officers who ji
are to be retired from the Army. j!
Mr. HUNT. That biil is not now before the j.
House. ]'
Mr. PHELPS. I know it is not. I am advert- >,
ing to it though. Again, as if these pensions were i'
not sufficiently large for retired officers, it is pro-
posed'that, with their pay proper, they shall re- \\
ceive their service rations; that is, one ration per >\
day for every five years they may have been in ;
the service of the United States. Now, an officer ;j
may be in the Army for twenty years before he
may be promoted to the office of major, and per- ■;
haps twenty-five before he reaches the rank of j,
lieutenant colonel or colonel,and perhaps longer, jj
But suppose it is only twenty-five years when he
reaches the rank of colonel, and being mcnpaci- !,
tated for service, you then retire him. His pay j:
proper and his service rations would amount to !i
about $2,000; and this you propose shall be his
pension. I ask if such a measure as this is cy.lcu- |
iated to produce a reform jn the Army of the United ,
States? Is the House ready for such action ? If j j
the Mouse is ready to adoptan amendmentof this jj
kind, be prepared in five years from this time to ij
retne your officers employed in the civil service,
and retire them upon a pension adequate to their .
support and the maintenance of their families, j.
Such a system of pensions cannot meet with my -i
approval. If you wish to promote efficiency in j;
the Army and Navy, provide that from this time ji
forward every person who enters the Army or ;
Navy shall, at forty-five years, leave the service, i
unless the President of the United States, by and !
with the advice and consent of the Senate, think
proper, on account of the ability of^an officer, or !
of his distinguished services, to continue him in -
his present rank, or promote him. You will then
have efficient officers. You now have field-offi- ;
ceis in the Army who me unable to mount the
horses upon which they are required to perform :
their duty.
i have made these remarks with the view of
calling the Attention of the House to this matter. '
I did not intend to detain the House so long when .
i rose to address it. «
Mr. ORR. There are two or three sections in j
the bill ieported from the Committee on Military
Alfairs, which 1 think should be adopted by the j
House at the present session. There are other j
sections of the bill which 1 do not think can be i
matured now*, and there are still other sections i
which should be stricken from the bill. |
That portion of the bill which proposes to in- !
crease thecompeusation of the non-commissioned I
officers and privates of the Army of the United ;
Suites ought to be passed, and we have this evi- j
deuce of i'-, that the reciuiting service shows that ;
there is now a deficiency of about four thousand ,
men in the Army. But we do not find that the 1
same difficulty exists hi theianks of the oifireis.
Jt may be that it is necessary that the compensa-
tion of the officers should be increased, utid I am
inclined to the opinion that the compensation of |
the officers of the lower giodes should be in- :
creased. We cannot do that this session; but in '
reference to the common soldiers, and the non-
commissioned officers, we can act; and we should |
do it, fur the purpose of filling up the deficiency 1
which now exists in the Army. That is one part ,
of the bill which ought to be passed at the present |
session. ;
The sixth section of the bill has attracted my !
attention, and 1 am strongly and decidedly in ,
favor of it. 1 think something of the sort ought
to have been adopted a long time ago. It is a re-
markable fact, that in this country there is not an
employment or occupation a man can embark in,
but by good conduct and meritorious services
he may expect to be promoted, unless he enters
the Army of the United States; but that, to him,
is a sealed book, so far as hopes of promotion are
concerned. Tne,sixth section provides that if a
soldier distinguishes himself, humble though he
may be, the Piesident of the United Spates shall
have power to give him a rank and commission ,
in the regular Army. That section will do more
for the recruiting service than an increase of the
compensation of the soldier to fifteen or twenty
doilais a month. Young men who have been
disappointed in getting to West Point, who have
not had the political influence nece«8 ary to get
them an appointment there, will be induced to
enlist m the Army, looking forward to the time
when they will be promoted. It will fill up the
rank and file, and tor that reason I look upon this
section as the most material—as the very essence
of" the bill itself. If you adopt it, 1 think you will
hereafter have no difficulty in filling up any defi-
ciency that may occur in your Army' when the
young men of the country come to understand it.
But the particular purpose for which 1 rose was
not to discuss elaborately the merits of the bill.
In my opinion it would require a very long time
to perfect it in all its features. *1 rise, therefore,
for the purpose of making this proposition to the
House: I think that something should he done
to increase the efficiency of the Army. I am very
anxious to perfect the bill properly, and it is evi-
dent that it cannot be done while the general de-
bate is going on. I suppose theie are quite a
number of gentlemen who still desire to speak. I
know there are a good many men here who could
speak well upon the subject. But the only way
by which the general debate can be stopped ill
the House is by the previous question; and when
the previous question is sustained, all amend-
ments are cut off, except those pending, and only
two can be pending or received; and you cannot,
therefore, perfect the bill as you could m Commit-
tee of the Whole. You must take the bill as it
comes from the committee who reported it, with,
at most, only one or two amendments, or reject
it.
Now, sir, for the purpose of enabling the House \
\ to perfect the bill; for the purpose of enabling them
i to strike out such features as they may think ob-
1 noxious, and to insert such others as they may
think desirable; for the purpose of giving the op-
' portunity of considering the bill fauly, I propose
that the House shall, by unanimous consent, sus-
pend the hour debate, and that we shall retain the
five minute debate, and allow amendments to be
offered the same as if we were in Committee of
1 the Whole. By that arrangement we shall be
able to perfect the bill, and every gentleman who
: desires to be heatd will have the opportunity. I
ask the consent of the House to submit thatprop-
. osition, and f hope there will be no objection,
i Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman that a better plan would be to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and that the House resolve
' ifself into committee for the purpose of consider-
i ing it.
Mr. HUNT. I desire to understand whether,
! if the proposition of the gentleman from South
J Carolina be acceded to, the acting chairman of
| the Committee on Military Affairs will still have
I' the right to his hour for closing the debate? He
|l has that ri^ht, now, I believe; and if the proposi-
tion of the gentleman is acceded to, i ask that the
j right of the gentleman fiom Virginia to close de-
: bate shall he reserved.
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will still have the right to close debate, unless
, that lule he  uspend«d along with the others.
Mr. WALSH. If this proposition is agreed
' to, will the House be restricted to five-minute de-
; bate?
j Mr. ORR. So far as this particular bill is con-
! cerned.
; Mr. WALSH. Then I object.
Mr. ORR. Well, Mr. SpeaKer, will it be in
ii order for me to move to refer this bill to the Com-
;j mittec of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I) coupled with a motion that it be made the special
,: order for this day, and with the further motion that
'! the general debate shall be closed m five minutes
; after the committee shall take up the bill for con-
sideration ;
] Mr. LETCPJER. That is not in order.
1 TheSPEAKER. The propositions of the gen-
tleman will be tn order if moved one at a time.
Mr. LETCHER. So I suppose, but not as an
• omnibus
| The SPEAKER. Is the proposition which has
just been made by the gentleman fiom South Car-
olina agreed to ?
Mr. WALSH. No, sir; I object.
[j The SPEAKER.. The gentleman has changed
: his proposition. He now moves that the bill be
j; referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
'! state of the Union, and made the special order of
j the day for this day.
,j Mr. WALSH. I do not object to that prop-
osition, if it be understood that the gentleman is
not to move to close debate.
Mr GIDDINGS. Is not the motion of refer-
ence debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the s:entlemart-
from South Carolina is still upon the floor.
Mr. ORR. I am stili' occupying the floor, to
know whether unanimous consent is granted to
my proposition.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the-
proposition of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina?
Mr. WALSH. I shall not object, if it be un-
derstood that the gentleman is not to move that
debate be closed.
Mr. ORR. It is due to the gentleman from
New York that 5 should say that if the House
agree to my proposition, I shall move to close
debate.
Mr. WALSH. In what time?
Mr. ORR. in five, ter*r or twenty minutes, so
that we may dispose of the bill to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again asks
whether there is objection to the proposition of
the gentleman from South Carolina, that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be made the special order
of the day for this day?
Mr. WALSH. I object, provided the gentle-
man is going to close debate.
Mr. PHELPS. This morning, in the hurry of
debate, I inadvertantly made a mistake in regard
to the subject of transportation of baggage and
mileage. The item of $120,000 in the Army ap-
propriation bill, passed at this session of Congress*
was for mileage, as well as transportation of bag-
gage.
Mr. ORR. I move that this bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order of the day fur
this day; and on that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can thegentleman
submit three distinct motions at once?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentlemen cannot now submit his motion
to make the bill a special order.
Mr. ORR. All the House need do would be
to ask for a division of the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.' If thegentleman
will move that the bill be refeired to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
call the previous question, and let it be referred^
he can then ask the unanimous consent to make
it a special order. If there be objection, he can
move a suspension of the rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman has two
| thirds to support him, he can effect his object,
and in no other way.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, 1 make the motion*
and at the same time desire that the House shall
undeistand it is submitted in good faith, in order
to have the bill considered. I desire to couple the
motions, so that the House, after reference, can-
not refuse to make it a special order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is objected
to, and the Chair will inform the gentleman that
he cannot have the bill made a special order with-
out a suspension of the rules.
Mr. ORR. What will preclude me from making
the motion ?
The SPEAKER, ff the gentleman will inform
the Chair what rule will allow him to do it, then
he may discuss the question. The Chair knows
of no such rule.
Mr. ORR. If there be any rule precluding me,
I shall move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. WALSH. To save time, I will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. McMULLlN. I renew the objection.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. If that motion be agreed to, I give
notice that I shall then move that the bill be made
the special order of the day for this day. I call
for the previous question on the motion of refer-
ence.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I now move that the bill be made
the special order for this day; and upon that mo-
tional demand the previous question.
