1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
Mr. McMtfLLIN. I object,
Mr. ORR. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
The question was taken; and two thirds voting
in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
Mr. GRR. 1 now submit the motion that the
-t>ill be made the special order for to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRR. I move that the ryles be suspended,
And that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Unitfn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should have no objection
to the course of the gentleman from South Caro-
iina 
The SPEAKER. The motion now pending is to
suspend the rules for the purpose of going into the
Committee of theWholeon the state of the Union,
and the gentleman from Virginia would not be in
order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ORR. f withdraw temporarily the motion
I made for the purpose of making this statement.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing before the
'body that is debatable. ,
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred to the Com- 1
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, !
■and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; ;
which latter motion was agreed to. i
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion that the i
House resolve itself into the Committee of the j
Whole, and propose the usual resolution to close '
debate upon this bill in twenty minutes after the
•committee shall proceed to consider it,. i
The SPEAKER. Du ring; the last Congress ;
the Chair entertained a motion of that kind. A |
gentleman from North Caroana objected to it as j
out of order. The Chair overruled the objection, !
-and the gentleman from North Carolina took an |
appeal, for the single reason that the subject-mat- j
ter upon which it was proposed to close debate !
had not been considered at all. The Chair again [
decides that it is in order to make the motion.
Mr. ORR. Well, I submit the resolution. j
The question was taken, and the resolution !
was agreed to. I
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which his resolution was adopted, and also moved :
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which '
-latter motion was agreed to. !
Mr. ORR. I now move that the rules be sua- |
pended, and that the House resolve itself into \
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ■
Union. :
The motion was agreed to. j
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 1
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Millsojj, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the special order, being Senate
bill (No. 119) " to regulate the pay and increase
the efficiency of the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes.''
Mr. LETCHER, I do not propose, at this late
period of the session, to occupy the time of the
House with anything like a speech on this bill. I
rise merely to present a few practical considerations
in the shape of facts and figures, for the purpose
of showing the operations of this bill, so far as the
compensation of the officer is concerned.
It is known that every branch of the Govern-
ment, civil, military, and others, are setting up
now for an increase of compensation; and the very
moment you undertake to increase the pay of one
class of public servants, you find another class
major, another of his assistants, now receives
#1,810 16. It will be by this bill increased to
$2,230 16. The captain now receives $1,977 05,
and by this bill it will be increased to $*2,307 05.
The chief colonel in the adjutant general's office
now receives $3,873 09, ana under this bill it will
be increased to $4,413 09 The major, who is
the judge advocate, now receives $2,519 57, and
his pay will be by this bill increased to $2,939 57.
The brevet major now receives $2,894 18, and by
this bill his pay will be increased to $3,314 18.
In the Commissary General's office the chief
colonel gets $3,421 04, and that will be raised to
$3,961 04. The assistant captain, in the same
office, now receives $1,946 40, and that will be
raised to $2,366 40.
In the Ordnance office the chief colonel now
receives $3,547 89, and that will be raised to
$4,087 89. 1'he assistant captain in the same
office now receives $2,640 53, and that will be
raised to $3,060 53.
In the Paymaster General's office the chief
colonel now receives $3.779 93, and that will be
increased to $4,319 93. The pay of assistant lieu-
tenant colonel, in thesame office, is now $3,012 04,
and that will be increased to §3,492 04.
In the Surgeon General's office the salary of the
chief—rank of colonel—is now £3,787 13, and that
will be raised by this bill to §4,437 13 One assist-
ant, rank of major, receiver now $2,845 03, and
it will raised to $3,265 03 One assistant, rank of
captain, now receives $2,002 05, and that will be
raised io $2,622 05 Another of the same iank,
now receives $1,736 29, and that will be raised to
$2,156 29.
In the Engineer's office the chief colonel now
receives $3,592 04, and that will be raised to
$4,132 04. One assistant, rank of lieutenant, now
leceives $1,366 02, and that will be raised to
$1,746 02.
In the Topographical Engineer's office the chief,
rank of colonel, now receives $3,462 24, and that
will be raised to $4,002 24. One assistant captain
now receives $1,911 24, and that will be raised to
$2,331 24.
Now, sir, as 1 said before, this list was made
out, not for the purpose of showing (he operation
of this bill—not to be used in debate here—but
made out for the purpose of showing that there
are certain comptrollers, chief clerks, auditors,
treasurer, commissioner of customs, solicitor, and
register, up at the other end of the avenue, who are
on thelookout for increased compensation, having
ascertained that Congress commenced this session
by appropriating pretty largely m that way, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury had recom-
mended it. It hasoresulted m this Army bill; and
this statement was made out for the purpose of
showing that the salaries of these gentlemen, in
civil pursuits here, ought to be increased as well
as those of the Army officers.
Now, sir, it seems to me there ought to be some
stopping point. When the pay of the clerks was
increased, in the early pait of the session, we were
told that it was a case sui generis—that nothing
of the sort would be likely to happen again; and
that there would be no necessity of increasing the
pay of those who now receive more. But no sooner
is that done, than we find a proposition to increase
the pay of the Army, and that is followed by a
proposition to increase the pay of those who re-
ceive now three or four thousand dollars a year.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman in-
devising plans for an increase off/tar compensation. !j form me from what document he read those state-
Now, I happen to have m this connection a state- '
ment showing the increase of compensation under
this bill to the various officers therein enumerated.
It has been made out by those who are interested in
carrying out the recommendation of the Secretary |j the provisions of this bill, increasing'the pay of ihe
of the Treasury to the Committee of Ways and
Means for the increase of the pay of the Comp-
trollers, the Auditors, and almost everybody el^e
employed at the other end of the avenue.
1 learn from this statement that in the quarter- '
master general's office, the brigadier general re-'
ceives now m the way of pay, rations, forage, ser- |
vants, clothing for same, fuel, quarters, per diem, ■
medicines for himself and family, and mileage ,
when traveling on duty, the sum of $4,413 94. By
the bill now under consideration, if jt be passed, 1
that officer will receive $5,145 94. The first lieut- :
enant colonel, one of his assistants, receives now !
$2 978 20; and if this bill should be passed, he t
will receive $3,458 20 per annum. The first brevet *
ments?
Mr. LETCHER. Prom a paper prepared by
a civil officer at the other end of the avenue, which
was intended to show that when you carry out
Army, you ought to increase their compensation
in a corresponding ratio. It was prepared for the
purpose of showing that he who now receives
$3,000 a year, ought to receive a larger sum for
his services.
Now, sir, it does^eem to me that there ought
to be some stopping place to this kind of legisla-
tion. Ymi began a year a<ro by increasing the
salaries of the Cabinet officers. You raised their
compensation $2,000 each; and you come here
this session and increasethe compensation of the
employees of the Government, adding on'sum after
sum; and after all this has been done, after having-
destroyed the relative proportion which exists be-
tween the salaries of the clerks, auditors, secre-
taries, and Cabinet officers of the Government, the
verynext thing you hear is, that you must go 6n
and increase the pay of all the intermediate gradfeS
of employees.
Now it does seem to me that it is time to b£giri
to look about us, and see where and when this
thing is to end. it is time for us to fix the point
somewhere for it to stop. The expenses of thte
(government have already grown to a monstrous
extent. They will, if I am not very greatly mis-
taken, be found to have swelled, during the pres-
ent year, to an amount beyond that of any pre-
vious year, not even excepting the expenditures
during the existence of the Mexican war. With-
out having made any computation, but speaking
entirely from recollection, the current expenses of
the Government for the oresent year will not fall
short of $70,000,000.
Now, sir, I ifo not care whetherthis is done b^
Democrats or Whigs. It is just as wrong, in my
estimation, if done by the Democrats, as if it had
been done by the Whigs. But, sir, let me say
that the real Democratic party of this House are
not responsible for this extravagance. It is the
Whij s of the House, and a fraction of the Dem-
ocratic party who have acted with them, who
have voted 'hese appropriations.
Mr. REESE. Who are the real Democrats of
the House?
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I believe I pass
for one. I think the gentleman from Tennessee,
over the way, [Mr. Jones,] passes for another.
I do not choose to paiticularize further. [Laugh-
ter.]
But, really , Mr. Chairman, this is not a jesting
matter. It is a serious matter, and I ask the
House to consider it, as it deserves to be consid-
ered, seriously.
Now, sir, |p far as the soldiers are concerned,
it is said that there are not enough of them to an-
swer the purpose of the Government, and that it
is impossible, with the present rate of compensa-
tion, to supply the deficiency. I am entirely will-
ing to vote any sum necessary to supply that
deficiency.
Mr. KEITT. I desire to interrupt the gen-
tleman for a single moment. The gentleman
says the Democratic party of the House are not
responsible for these expenditures, but that the
Whig party, with a fraction of the Democratic
party, are responsible. Now, I want to know
whether, when a man departs from the creed
adopted by the Democraticparty, he is stilla Dem-
ocrat? In other words, is the Democratic party
split in two? When a fraction of the Democratic
party refuse to sanction the doctrines which the
majority have laid down, are they to be consid-
eredas Democrats? And further, whether, when
there isa large Democratic majority in the House,
that majority is not responsible for the measures
adopted by the House?
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, the gentleman
from South Carolina, in a speech the other day,
in which he alluded to this subject, laid down
pretty much the same doctrine that I have laid
down now. I think the gentleman then took oc-
casion to give notice that on some suitable occasion
he should read the House a lecture, and 1 think the
gentleman then said something about Democrats
m this House departing from the principles of
Democracy. *
Mr. KEITT. I did not say it was not true, I
only wanted to know whether the gentleman
thought it was or not.
Mr, SEWARD. Will the gentleman from
Virginia give us the articles of faith of modern
Democracy ?
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Georgia
told us the other day that he had not read the
resolutions of 1798. and he surely has no ri^ht to
set up and make that inquiry of me. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. 1 did not say I had not read
them;l said I did not understand them. That
was the trouble.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, that is about the
same thing. A gentleman who does not under-
stand the resolutions of 1793 has no right to come
here and put questions to me about Democracy.
Mr. SEWARD. I doubt whether the gentle-
man from Virginia understands them himself-
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, i hope I
shall not be drawn off again. I was going on to
say that we have been told that the Army is not
