1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
Mr. HUNTER. That will all come up to-
morrow, when the question comes up again.
Mr. DAWSON, i merely wished to turn the
Senator's attention to it, that he may be able to
satisfy me on that point.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope my motion to suspend
the rule will be entered on the Journal.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It will be en-
tered.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 4, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE AMERICAN BOOK OP ORATORY.
The SPEAKER. Mr. John Egan addresses
me a letter and sends a book, copies of which
he desires Congress to purchase. If not objected
to, the letter and book, without reading, will be
referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. HAVEN. Where is the letter from?
The SPEAKER, The Clerk will read the
tetter.
Mr. HAVEN. From what source has it come?
The SPEAKER. From New York.
The Clerk proceeded to read the letter in ques-
tion, asking the favorable consideration of the
Speaker to an accompanying book, and that he
might present the same to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and ask Congress to aid him in its cir-
culation.
Before the letter had been read through,
Mr. COBB. Oh, that is enough! What is the
title-page of the book?
The SPEAKER. The title-page of the book
is " The American Book of Oratory; or Guardian
of Liberty." [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Oh, we have oratory enough, and
too much, in the House at present! I object.
THE TERRITORY OF OREGON.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, submitted the usual
resolution to close debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on hill No. 316,
to amend the act approved September 27,1852,
" to create the office of surveyor general of Oregon;
and also, an act amendatory thereof, approved
February 19,1853," in five minutes after its con-
sideration shall have beer) resumed by the com-
mittee.
The question being upon the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded tellers.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to amend the motion
of the Delegate from Oregon by striking out
4S five" and inserting in lieu thereof " fifteen," so
that debate shall close in fifteen minutes after the
committee shall resume the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend, by making
the time one hour.
Mr. COBB. That is right.
Mr. LANE. I accept the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Missouri.
The question then being upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Letcher, it was put; and the
amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the original
motion, as modified; and it was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled the bill
entitled "An act to change the name of the bark
Albeona to Mount Vernon;" which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker.
BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS IN UTAH.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on
Territories have directed me to report a joint res-
olution in reference to the settlement of the ex-
penses of a board of commissioners in Utah. I
send it to the Clerk that it may be read.
The joint resolution wao then read a first and
second time by its title, as follows:
A joint resolution ^authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the expenses of
a board of commissioners appointed by the Ter-
ritorial Assembly of Utah to prepare a code of
laws.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I now move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF OREGON, ETC.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session it had under consideration the bill
of the House (No. 316) " to amend the act ap-
proved September 27, 1850, to create the office of
surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,"
&c., and also the act amendatory thereof, ap-
proved February 19, 1853.
The question pending is upon the adoption of
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Henn,] to strike out in line four, sec-
tion four, the word "gjranted," and insert the
word " reserved."
Mr. HENN. It has been customary, in the
organization of Territories, to reserve lands for the
benefit of universities, and thus secure them from
sale, until the Territory came into the Union as a
State. When they are granted, I wish to conform
to the usual custom in such cases, and I have,
therefore, moved to strike out the word " granted"
and insert " reserved." If this amendment shall
be adopted, I will then move to amend the fourth
line of the same section, by striking out the words
" and applied to," and to insert in lieu thereof the
word " for." The section will then read:
Sec. 4. *dnd be it further enacted, That, in huu of the
two townships of land gi anted to the Territory of Otegon
by the tenth section of the act of 1850, for universities, there
shall be reserved to each of the Territories ol Washington
and Oregon two townships of land of thirty six sections
each, to lie selected in legal subdivisions, for university pur-
poses, under the direction of the Legislatures of said Terri-
tories, respectively.
The question was severally taken on the pro-
posed amendments, and they were agreed to.
The sixth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the provis-
ions of this act, and the acts of which it is amendatory,
shall be extended to all the lands in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories ; and, tor the purpose of cairyiug said acts
into effect in bind Territories, the President *hall be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint a register and receiver
for each ot said Territories, whose powers, duties, obliga-
tions, and responsibilities shall be the same as are now
presenbed by law for other land officers and for the sur-
veyor general of Oregon, so far as they apply to such offi-
cers. They shall keep their officcs at such place as the
President shall, from time to time, direct; and their com-
pensation «ball be {$*2,500 each per annum, and office rent;
but they shall be entitled to no tees or other emoluments of
any kind whatsoever, except the receiver's actual and ne-
cessary expenses in depositing; and, on satisfactory proof
that either of said ofheers, or any other officer, has charged
or received fees or other rewards not authorized by law, he
shall be torthwith removed fiom olfice.
Mr. LETCHER. This section, as I under-
stand it, proposes to give to locators upon the
public lands in the Territory of Washington,
which has just been organized, the right to sell
out their claims, as was provided for Oregon in
the second section. Now, is that the design of it?
The CHAIRMAN. I do not know that it is
the duty of the Chair to explain what will be the
legal effect of the bill; and that seems to be the
inquiry of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I should like to know
from the gentleman from Oregon what he pro-
poses to accomplish by it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Territory of Wash-
ington having been taken from Oregon Territory,
and the law having granted land to settlers in the
latter Territory, consequently those who lived in
the Territory of Oregon prior to its organiza-
tion were entitled, under its provisions, to the
donations made; and I presume the object of this
bill is to place the settlers in the Territory of
Washington on the same footing as the settlers in
the Territory of Oregon have been placed.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, it is giving up
the lands altogether.
The CHAIRMAN, Unless there be objection,
the bill will be laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House as indicated.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF UTAH.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill on the Cal-
endar for consideration is House bill No. 317,
entitled " A bill to establish the office of surveyor
general of Utah, to grant donations to actual set-
tlers therein, and for other purposes."
Mr. HENN. I move that the committee do
now rise, that general debate may be closed in
committee on this bill.
[Cries of " No!"]
Mr. KERR. Is the motion debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
yet under consideration?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has not yet been
read through.
Mr. JONES. The rule says that the bill shall
have its first consideration in committee; and,
unless it be considered, it will not be in order to
close debate upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been read by
its title. Unless objected to, the bill will be con-
sidered as having been read through the first time
for information.
Mr. DISNEY. That was the motion which I
was about to submit.
There was no objection.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the committee do now rise; and it was disagreed
to.
The first section of the bill was read for amend-
ment by the Clerk, as follows:
Be it enacted, #c., That the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall be, and he ishereby,
authorized to appoint a surveyor general for Utah, whose
power and authority, dune*, compensation, and allowances
(orclcik hire, office rent, fuel, &c., shall be the same as
now provided by law for the surveyor general of California;
and he shall locate his office, from time to time, at such
places as may be directed by the President of the United
States.
Mr. DISNEY. To make the bill correspond
with the one passed on the same subject for New
Mexico, I move to strike oyt all of the section
after the word "Utah," and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
Whoso annual salaiy shall be $3,000, and whose power,
authority, and duties shall be the same as those pro-
vided by law for the surveyor general of Oregon; and he
shall hare proper allowances for clerk hire, office rent, and
fuel, not exceeding what now ia or hereafter may be al-
lowed by law to the said surveyor general ot Oregon; and
he s>hul! locate his office, from time to time, at sueh places
as may be directed by the President of the United States.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio whether this provision is precisely
like that in the New Mexico bill?
Mr. DISNEY. Verbatim.
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk then reported the second section.
Mr. DISNEY. In order to make this section
correspond with the amendments made to the
New Mexico bill, I move to strike out from the
first to the seventeenth lines, as follows:
"That to every white male American citizen of the
United States, or to every white male inhabitant who has
declared his intention to become such, over the age of
twerity-one years, who removed to and was residing in
said Territory prior to the 1st day of January, 1853, there
shall be, and hereby is, donated one half section, or three
hundred and twenty acres of land, if single, but if married,
one section, or six hundred and forty acres j and to each
white male American citizen, who shall have removed, or
shall remove to, and settle in said Territory, between the
Istday ot January, 1853, and the 1st day of January, 1858,
there shall, in like manner, bo donated one quarter section,
or one hundred and sixty acres, if a single man, or if mar-
ried, one half-section, or three hundred and twenty acres,
on condition of actual settlement and cultivation for not less
than four years,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That to every white male citizen of the United Statps, or
to every white male, over twenty-one years of age, who
has declared his intention to become a citizen, and who is
now a resident of said Territory, or who prior to the first
day of January, 1858, shall remove to and settle in said
Territory, and shall continue to reside therein, be donated
a quarter section or a hundred and sixty acres, on condi-
tion of actual settlement and cultivation for not less than
four years.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to state, for the in-
formation of the committee* that it is the identical
amendment adopted in the New Mexico bill re-
ported by the committee to the House on yester-
day.
