1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
881
mission. It is true it states " for continuing that
commission;' but the commission has made its
report, showing to the House, as far as it can be
shown, that its existence has terminated; there-
fore, to say " for continuing the commission"
does not alter the facts. It proposes an appropri-
ation which is not needed for the service during
the current year.
Mr. STANTON. I may be mistaken, in my
view of the subject; but my opinion is, that the
commission was instituted for the purpose of ex-
amining both armories, and they have made only
a partial report. They examined the Springfield
armory, and made a report simply upon that
branch of their examinations. The commission
exists still; and if that is the case, we can provide
for their continuing it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to suggest simply,
with regard to this point of order, that one thing
is vet y clear, and that is, that the amendment pro-
poses to change the existing law. It proposes to
modify the existing law; and it has been held again
and again that you cannot change the existing law
by a mere proviso to the deficiency bill. The
Chair will remember that amendments have been
repeatedly ruled out of order for that reason.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
when an appropriation bill, providing for defi-
ctences, is under consideration, it is not competent
to make an amendment directing the President m
regard to such a matter as this, and therefore rules
the amendment out of oider.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move to amend by
increasing the sum $500.
I think it very proper that these gentlemen,
who have been called to serve upon the commis-
sion, should be fully paid for their services.
Therefore it is that 1 shall vote for the amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
But, sir, I also wanUthis investigation to con-
tinue, in order that the evils of military supervi-
sion of mechanics, artisans, and other civilians,
may be fully developed to the country. I look
upon the system of infusing the military men of
the country into civil places, to the injury of com-
petent mechanics, as a great evil, and shall do all in
my power to break up and destroy it. I do not
believe that officers of the Army are educated by
this Government to manufacture intricate ma-
chinery, either for war,or other purposes. Where
is your school for teaching them the practical art
of manufacturing fire-arms? Their duty is to use
them—not to make them. I venture to say, that
where there is one officer of the Army who is
qualified to superintend the manufacture of fire-
arms, you may find, even in this city six men of
practical skill and experience equally as compe-
tent, and through the country many who are
much better qualified for that duty, and whose
supervision would be infinitely more acceptable to
the worthy workmen in the shops, who loathe, and
detest the arbitrary and exacting requirements of
military rule to which the freemen of this country
are unaccustomed.
I beg to call the attention of this House to the
extent to which this evil of supplanting civilians
by officers of the Army, is being carried by this
Government, and that, too, I regret to say, under
a Democratic Administration. Look around, and
you will see in all quarters of the Union these gen-
tlemen of the military establishment, educated and
sustained at the public expense, withdrawn from
the legal and proper duties belonging to their pro-
fession, and usurping the places heretofore occu-
pied by worthy civilians—men who have shed lus-
tre by their genius upon the character of the coun-
try, jnd who have been looked upon with pride by
the people. We have, sir, in this country, and f
rejoice that it is so, architects and builders, me-
chanics and artisans, who rank well with any of
the same classes who are to be found in any part
of the world; and I have seen to my mortifica-
tion and disgust, some of these men, at least one,
with a genius in his profession not surpassed by
any of his class now living, reduced to the condi-
tion of a mere clerk, draughtsman, or servant, if
you please, of one of these military engineers, to
record his will, give form to his crude suggestions,
and spend superior talents to make eclat and fame
for his inexperienced but highly favored superior.
Your custom-houses, scattered all over tne coun-
try, cannot be constructed but you must take an
officer from the military department to superin-
tend them. You cannot carry out any river and
harbor improvement under civil superintendence,
but must have a military man to direct it. You
cannot build an asylum or hospital but some
one of these favored gentlemen must be taken to
supervise the mechanics employed in constructing
it. Even your Capitol is under rmlitary rule.
You cannot provide rooms in which to carry on
the usual and ordinary legislation of the country
without having a military man to superintend and
control the thousand mechanics who work upon
them. Why, sir, it is not enough that all these
works should be placed under military control,
but you see devised a stupendous plan of bringing
water to this city, at a cost of millions of money,
that a military man may erect a monument to his
own fame. Now, sir, what is the effect of all
this? Not only to increase enormously the ex-
penditures of this Government, as 1 shall show
upon some future occasion, but to do gross injus-
tice to eminent civilians, by shutting them out from
employment for which they are better qualified
than military men, and to make the laboring me-
chanics in the employment of Government subject
to the degrading and slavish regulations of mili-
tary rule.
The system is wrong for another reason. There
are other duties, in their legitimate and proper
line, which these military men ought to be em-
ployed in. Their services are needed by the
Government in strictly military duties belonging
to their profession. Because they are not in the
discharge of their duties Congress is called upon
to increase their number. If gentlemen will turn
to the documents accompanying the President's
message, they will see that the Colonel of Engineers
demands an increase of his corps, for the reason
that there are not enough of this class of officers
for the service of the Government. He enumer-
ates the different employments in which they are
engaged, and shows that in consequence of their
employment, many of them, in works of purely
a civil character, an increase of the number is
absolutely indispensable
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this debate in order?
TheCHAlRMAN. Thegentleman is evidently
taking a wide range upon subjects connected with
the appropriation.
Mr. STANTON. My purpose is to show that
the system of placing military men in civil positions
is a great evil, which ought instantly to be corrected;
and by continuing this commission, information
will be developed which will enlighten the public
mind as to that evil, and force from Congress a
correction of it. I was endeavoring to show, when
interrupted, that one effect of the system would be
to enlarge the Corps of Engineers, and thus in-
crease the Army, when it is wholly unnecewsary.
Already are we called upon by the head of the
corps to add to its numbers, because there are not
enough of theengmeers left to superintend thecon-
struction of fortifications, light-houses, &c.
Mr. HOUSTON. My point of order is, that
the gentleman from Kentucky, by the precise lan-
guage of the rules, should confine himself to an
explanation of his amendment. If we are to go
on with this general debate, we will never get
through the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I perceive that this is a sub-
ject upton which somegentlemen are very sensitive;
and to save further trouble, I will drop it now,
and take some other occasion to fully expose the
whole matter to the country. It shall be fully
understood.
Mr. PRATT. I conceive that there is no pos-
sible necessity of either of the amendments pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] or the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton.] The whole question lies within the
limits of a nut-shell—and it is whether these ar-
mories shall he under the supervision of the civil
or military superintendency. For my part, I have
confidence in some of the officers of the Army of
the United States. I do not believe that they are
wholly incompetent to discharge these responsible
duties. They are generally high-minded, intelli-
gent, and honorable men. To be sure, there may
be some civilians as competent to take charge of
these armories. The gentleman who' has charge
of the armory in Springfield is one of the most
intelligent, magnanimous, and high-minded men
that ever held a commission in the Army of the
United States.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL. What is the Question now be->
fore the committee?
TheCHAlRMAN. It is upon the adoption
of the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] providing compensa-
tion for the persons engaged in the commission
appointed by the President in reference to the na-.
tional armories, as amended by the committee.
Mr. BISSELL. I move to amend by increas-
ing the appropriation #100.
Mr. Chairman, I believe this is not the first nor
the second time that my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Stanton] has diverged so far from the le-
gitimate line of discussion as to be found out of
order by the Chair, in his endeavors to assail the
Administration for what he considers a very rep-
rehensible practice, in employing the engineers of
the Army in superintending the public works.
Now, I should like to know of that gentleman—*
since the Government finds these officers under its
control, under its pay, and who could not be got
rid of if it were desired; men who are, in every
respect, competent to superintend these works— 
what would he have it do with them ? Would he
have the Government employ civilians to attend
to these duties, and send your Army engineers
out upon furlough upon full pay ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will recollect that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, upon being called to order for pursuing the
same line of discussion which the gentleman from
Illinois is now pursuing, resumed his seat. The
Chair thinks this discussion out of order.
Mr. BISSELL. I yield to the decision of the
Chair. 1 knew I could not proceed in this course
of remark only until I was called to order, f
merely wished to express my disapprobation of
the gentleman's persevering efforts to find fault
upon points which, if explained, as 1 cannot now*
be permitted to explain, could furnish no reason*
able ground for dissatisfaction.
I will now, with the consent of the committee,
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I object} and
desire to say a word in opposition to the amend-
ment. I simply wish to say, in reply to-the gen-
tleman from Illinois, who has j«st taken his seat,
that it was not my purpose, in the remarks I made,
to assail the Administration. I have no occasion
to attack them now. But, sir, I think a great
wrong, a great outrage, has been committed by
one of the Departments of the Government, in ap-
pointing officers of the Army to discharge duties
which could be better discharged by civilians, and
in consequence of which the officers of the Army
come here and ask us for an increase of thegArmy
corps, in order to make up for those who have
been drawn from the legitimate service of the
Army.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
gentleman from Kentucky to be out of order.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if it is not known 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"}
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order. No further discussion upon
the pending amendment is in order.
Mr. BISSELL. Very well, sir. I am not dis-
posed to continue this discussion further.
The question was put. and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. In order that we may act
understanding^ upon this matter, 1 ask that the
law under which the commission was appointed
may be read.
rjDhe CHAIRMAN. The law referred toby the
gentleman is not in the possession of the Chair.
Mr. DICKINSON. Can it not be procured?
I desire to hear this law read before I am called to
vote upon the amendment.
i Mr. HOUSTON. lean turn to the law m a
i minute, but without that trouble I can state the
! substance of it in a word. It authorizes the Presi-
: dent to appoint a mixed commission, composed
I of civilians and military men, to examine and
' report upon the superintendence of the national
I armories.
i Mr. DICKINSON. I called for the reading of
! the act because, as 1 suppose, it contemplated the
i payment of the commission which, under the au-
1 thority of the President of the United States, was
j to visit the armories at Springfield and Harper's
I perry. They have been to one of tho.se armories
