1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The third section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jh'd heitfurvher enacted,That on proofofsettle
ment and cultivation, as required by this act, to the satis-
faction of the surveyor genet al, or other officer designated
by law for that purpose, subject to the supervision ot the
Secretary of the Interior, a certificate shall be lulled to the
party entitled, oil presentation ot which, if approved by the
Secretary of the Inu-rior, a patent shall issue thereon ;
Provided, however, That on the death of any Mich settler,
before the completion of the four years' occupancy and cul-
tivation required by this act, the right shall descend to his
lietr*<-at law, who shall be entitled to a certificate and patent
as aforesaid on proof, as before provided, of continued oc-
cupancy and cultivation by such settler to the time of hn
death: Provided, however, That when lands are claimed
under any of the provisions ot this act by persons who are
not citizens of the United States, patents shall not is-ue
therefor until they become citizens: And provided farther,
That the benefits of this act shall not extend to any person
who shall now, or at any time hereafter, be the husband of
more than one wife.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I move to amend the
third section by striking out all after the word
44 citizen," in the eighteenth line, being the last
proviso.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the committee will adopt
the amendment of the Delegate from Utah, [Mr.
Berniiisel.] One reason is, that I do not desire,
by any legislation which we may enact here, to
recognize any such institution as that in Utah.
Mr. LETCHER. I think it would be as well
to leave this matter alone; but the only objection
I have to it is, that the committee did not apply
the same sort of provision to gentlemen who are
to get $3,0(10 a year out there in the way of sala-
ries. 1 cannot understand why a section of the
bill was reported authorizing a salary of $3,000
to be paid to men who had half a dozen wives
without any restriction whatever, and why this
third section should be reported with a restriction
confined to settlers alone. My object in rising
was to ascertain from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands the reason for this dis-
crimination, why the settler should be punished
for having rnote wives than one, while office-
holders, who are in the receipt of large salaries,
not only have the benefit of money, but of the
women to boot. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. 1 do not see
that this discrimination is any worse than that of
inserting the word "white" in these territorial
bills, i do not see that it is legislating in favor of
any worse institution than we have already pre-
pared to establish by making this other discrim-
ination in favor of white citizens alone. 1 do not
know that it is any worse than legislating m favor
of an institution which knows nothing of mar-
riage between a large class of people, which does
not even legulate the institution of marriage in
any foim whatever. And yet, with all the defects
of Utah, they have some regulation as to the rela-
tion of man and woman. And it seems to me, as
far as I can discover, that the institution of the
South is calculated to denationalize our Territo-
ries, and to prepare them to introduce a system of |
promiscuous concubinage, so far as one portion
of the community is concerned, and to give one
portion of the community full power and control
over another portion of the community.
I do not particularly object to this amendment,
unless the other amendment is also carried; and I
see no good policy in making such a distinction J
as this, i would as lief have Utah come into this
Union with their defective institutions as to have
a slave State come into it. i do not think that
there is more evil in the one than there is in the
other; but I am opposed to the admission of either
without conformity to the geneial and well set-
tled principles of the moral laws, as they are known
and understood by every reasonable man.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
only take occasion to remark, that nothing sur-
prises me more than to hear gentlemen who never
were in a slave State, peihaps, m their lives, dis-
course ex cathedra on the character of our institu-
tions. Now, the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Davis] speaks upon this subject as though
a common indiscriminate intercourse of the sexes
existed among a portion of the population of the
southern States. But 1 would have that member
to understand that the tie of marriage is, in many
respects, to a very large extent, as* sacredly
observed among the negroes of the South as it is i
among the people from whom he comes. And I |
do not hesitate to say that the crime of inconti-
nence is as rare in the southern States as it is in
the great State of Rhode Island. If, however,
the gentleman from that State is prepared, in con-
nection with this subject, to get i\p and justify
the institution of Morrnonism—an institution
which authorizes a man to have as many wives
as he can maintain—if, I say, he is prepared to
maintain such an institution as that, on so poor a
pretext, let him go home and justify himself to
his constituency. I hope, sir, the provision will
not be striken out. I now yield to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. The honorable gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] propounded a question
to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands. As he has not answered that interroga-
tory, I will do it for him. The honorable gentle-
man, the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, did not, perhaps, have the opportunity of
knowing the circumstances attending the intro-
duction of this provision into the bill. He was
not present at the meeting of the committee when
that provision was discussed and resolved on.
But 1 can give an answer for myself to the ques-
tion proposed by the gentleman from Virginia.
Sir, 1 advocated that provision before the com-
mittee, and f shall advocate it here, believing that
it is right. I believe that this Government, when
they propose to grant donations without any par-
ticular consideration, should—and it is their prov-
ince 10—disciiminate and encourage that class for
whose peculiar advantage these donations are
intended.
Mr. LETCHER. That is not the point of my
question.
Mr. COBB. I am coming to the other point in
a moment. The gentleman from Virginia speaks
of giving large salaries to persons occupying the
position which I understand the Governor of Utuh
does. Now, without intending any disrespect
even to the Delegate from that Territory, I will
say that I am myself opposed to the principle of
encouraging these individuals by giving them
large salaries. And so far as my own action is
concerned, I am opposed to increasing their sala-
ries. And when the time comes, the gentleman
from Virginia will find that my opposition is real
and sincere.
As I have been the zealous advocate from the
first of ingrafting on the bill the provision now
pioposed to be stricken out, I desire to propound
a few questions to the Delegate from Utah, which,
if he answers to my satisfaction, I may, perhaps,
and in all probability will, vote for striking out
the provision to which he objects.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman will allow
me to interiupt him a moment.
Mr. COBB. But I want to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Utah.
Mr. LETCHER. Exactly; but as my friend
from Alabama has not got exactly to the right
point, I want to bring him to it before he under-
takes to catechise the gentleman from Utah.
Mr. COBB. I do not want to catechise the
gentleman. 1 wish only to propound a question
or two.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to know, while you
will vote for this restriction to the third section of
this bill, why you did not put the like restriction
upon the first section, which relates to the salaries
of officers, &r.?
Mr. COBB. Permit me to say to the gentleman
that my vote, when I come to vote upon the bill,
will answer his question.
But I wish to put a few questions now to the
Delegate from Utah, [Mr. Berxhisei,.] I may
have been too rigid in the principles which I
have been accustomed to entertain, and 1 desire to
propound a few questions to the Delegate from
that Territory, with a view to correct my own
judgment, if it should appear to be wrong.
As I have been upon former occasions, so I
am now, disposed to do what I believe to be right;
and if I have formed an incorrect idea of the prac-
tices which exist in Utah, and of the actions of
individuals there, 1 maybe doing great injustice
to them by advocating the retention of this pro-
viso in the bill. I will accordingly ask the gen-
tleman from Utah whether this proviso, which
limits the benefits of this act to persons who have
now, or hereafter have, only one wife, will, in his
opinion, work any very considerable injustice or
hardship to any considerable number of the inhab-
itants of the Territory of Utah?
I do not desire to do any great injustice to any
set of people, or to any individuals; and if the
gentleman, the Delegate from Utah, will tell me
that the proviso will work any great hardship to
a considerable number of individuals in the Ter-
ritory which he represents, 1 may perhaps change
my mind and views upon this question. Until I
am satisfied upon that point, I must insist, so far
as my vote is concerned, upon the retention of the
proviso in this bill.
It is a most wholesome proviso,and one which
the Government ought to see carried out. The
principle that an individual should have only one
wife is a good one, and should be supported. I
hope the proviso will not be stricken out.
Mr. BERNHISEL. In answer to the ques-
tion of thfe gentleman from Alabama, I will state
that the proviso will work injury to a very con-
siderable number of the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory of Utah. The more wives a man has, the
more farms he needs to support them. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. That is all I wanted to know, and
I am glad to hear the response of the gentleman.
Mr. GIDDiiNGS. If there is any one feature
of legislation which should be adhered to by
statesmen, it is that of dealing out the same meas-
ure of justice to all who are affected by their
legislation. Now, sir, for weeks and months, I
have sat here and heard gentlemen denounce al!
attempts to interfere with the domestic institu-
tions of our Territories. From the commence-
ment of the discussion upon the Nebraska ques-
tion to this day, scarcely a southern man has
spoken who has not sneered at, condemned, and
repudiated all attempts "to interfere with the domes-
tic institutions of our Territories/' They are now
in favor of interfering with the domestic institu-
tion of marriage in Utah, among the Mormons.
Now, sir, 1 do not undetstand this practice of
facing to the " right and left," and to the " right
about" and 4t left about" at the bidding of some
drill sergeant. How long are we to sit here and
see gentlemen assume one position to-day and
another to-morrow ? When will gentlemen uptjn
this floor learn that the people of this great nation
expect something like consistency of action on the
part of their statesmen ?
I am earnest upon this subject. I am myself in
favor of this proviso, taken as an independent
proposition. It is in favor of morality, of pro-
priety, of decency, and good order. But I never
will go for it while we legislate for slavery in our
Territories, and the admission of slave States, and
permit the inhabitants of Nebraska to make such
regulations in regard to their domestic institutions,
including slavery and unlimited concubinage.
1 would deal out to the Mormon the same measure
of justice and freedom that 1 would give to the
citizens of Nebraska, with their hundreds of con-
cubines. I will permit the Mormon to enjoy his
dozen wives, and I believe I could do it with a
great deal setter conscience than I could give the
slaveholder the privilege of an unlimited number
of concubines.
Now, sir, when the Mormon marries, he does
it openly before the public. The act is lawfully
registered; and, when it has taken place, the
woman assumes and takes the same standing in
society and in the community as her husband. He
recognizes her as his lawful partner. His children
are legitimate. They are educated; they are
taught to understand the laws of the country, and
its Constitution. They hecome enlightened and
intelligent, and may become useful members of the
community.
Sir, the Mormon does not sell his wife, nor does
he sell his children. No, sir. God forbid. The
Mormon recognizes his child as entitled to his
care, to his attention, to his protection, to the
privileges of education. He does not sell his own
offspring to a slave dealer. No, sir; no, sir. The
gentleman over the way, from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] says that negroes in the South are entitled
to marriage. Why, sir, am I to stand here at this
day and proclaim that there is no such institution
as le°:al marriage among three millions of slaves in
the United States? A fact of which we all are con-
scious. Is it not true that the gentleman who has
made the declaration, would sell the wife of his
slave to-morrow, if he could get his price for her?
Or, that he would do worse, perhaps ? That there
is no law in Virginia to protect that female from
the outrages of a brutal owner. Are we to sit
here, month after month, and hear discussions in
