1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
For furnishing the marine hospital at Napoleon, Arkan-
sas, the sutn ot' $10,GOO.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no estimate for any
such appropriation at all in any of the estimates
which have come within my knowledge.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am perfectly willing
that the vote should be taken first upon the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] and I withdraw my amendment for the
present, in order that a vote may be taken upon
his proposition.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
For arrearages incurred prior to the 1st of July, 1853, for
running and marking the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
$£0,000.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
For salaries and incidental expenses of the commission
appointed under the act of March 3, 1851, for settling the
land claims m California, $37,500.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, I rise-to a
question of order. This is a very important
amendment upon which we are called to vote. I
think that we ought to have a quorum of the com-
mittee present to vote upon it. I appeal to the
Chairman to know whether there is a quorum
present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state to gentlemen
of the committee, that thisamendment is to carry
out the provisions of a law which we passed a few
days since.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania demand a count of the House?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. We can ascertain the fact
upon a division whether there is a quorum pres-
ent. The question' before the committee is upon
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. ORR. I call for a division upon the amend-
ment, and we can then ascertain whether there is
a quorum present.
The question was put; and, upon a division, 61
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. COBB. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Vail were appointed.
Mr. WALSH. There is certainly no quorum
present now; but there may be, when gentlemen
have sent out and called in members from the
Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will only say in explana-
tion of the amendment, that this amount is ren-
dered necessary by the law passed a few days ago,
providing for an extension of the existence of the
land commission for California.
Mr. WALSH. How many commissioners are
there.'.
Mr. HOUSTON. Four.
The question was put, and the tellers reported
.—ayes 79, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order. I
ask the Chair whether gentlemen outside the bar
of the House, when the question is put, have a
rio'ht to come in and pass between the tellers r
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The rule with reference to mem-
bers outside the bar applies only to a vote by yeas
and nays. .
Mr. SAGE. Well, is it in order for a gentle-
man to vote twice by tellers?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. COBB. A gentleman has a right to change
his vote, I suppose?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For compensation to Francis Dainese, for the di^chaige
or the United States consular duties at Ooi^raniinople. from
the llith of May, 1819, to the 80th of December. 18 >9, t 
conformity with the act of Congtess, approved nth Au-
gust, 1648, ij'3,594 50.
Congress has fixed the compensation for this
consulship at gl,000 a year. I have before me a
letter from the State Department, which assures
us that the person mentioned in this amendment
discharged the consular duties for the time named,
but has not been paid, because no appropriation
has been made for the purpose. The amendment
merely proposes to make that appropriation. It
is hardly necessary to debate so plain a matter.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment:
For furnishing the marine hospital at Napoleon, Arkan-
sas, the sum of $1,000.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, remarked, when I had the floor a few
minutes since, that he saw no estimate for this ap-
propriation. That is true; but it is a very small
amount, and I believe that it is absolutely neces-
sary, in order to place the marine hospital at Na-
poleon in a fit condition for the accommodation of
the sick seamen who may be brought there to be
cared for.
At the last session of Congress the sum of
§4,000 was appropriated for the purpose of com-
pleting this hospital. That appropriation was
never applied, or ordered to be applied, until the
present session of Congress. I am apprised,from
sources that I can rely upon, that it is thought
by the gentleman who has charge of the building,
that, by. the strictest economy, the sum of $4,000
appropriated last session will complete it, but that
it will not be sufficient to place it in a fit condition
for the reception of patients. Now, it is abso-
lutely necessary that the building shall be furnished
as well as completed. What is the use of an hos-
pital unless it is furnished? This building ought
to be completed and furnished before the sick
season commences; and if it was necessary to
construct it at all it is equally necessary to fur-
nish it.
It is thought that $ 1,000 will be sufficient for
the purpose. These are the reasons why the ap-
propriation has not been made before.
I understand that the committee have been
against all the estimates made by the proper De-
partments. I know that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has not seen proper
to report a bill in pursuance of the estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and of other officers
at the head of various bureaus.
I will conclude by saying that if the appropria-
tion be not made now for furnishing this hospital
it cannot be made until the next session, before
which time the sickly season will arrive. I there-
fore ask most respectfully of this committee to
grant the appropriation, so that the hospital may
be placed in a fit condition to accommodate the
sick seamen who may be compelled to enter it.
Mr. LETCHER. I find in the report on the
finances this statement in reference to the hospital
under consideration:
"Napoleon, Jlihansas.—Site purchased September 15,
1837. at aco-.t of .$1,000. Thetc have been expended in the
structure $53,250. There yet remains much to be done,
Before the building will be ready for occupation. This in-
cludes the completing of the inteiior finish, the hanging of
the doors, painting the interior and extenor, arranging the
bathing rooms,grading, teiracmg, and drainmgthe grounds.
Tile title deed is on tile, as above."
No\ , sir, it seems to me that the proposition
which has been submitted by the gentleman from
Arkansas of $1,000 to finish this establishment 
Mr. GREENWOOD. To furnish the establish-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. Thehousemust be finished
before it is furnished. It seems to me that the
sum proposed will not be sufficient to accomplish
the purposes which the Secretary of the Treasury
reports to this House as necessary yet to be done.
Ilere he prescribes various things necessary to be
done to this establishment; not only the furnish-
ing, but the painting, and all these various pur-
poses; and I take it that §1,000 would be hardly
sufficient to furnish a house which cost some
<60,000 for its construction. It would be alto-
gether insufficient for that purpose; but it shows
this: that we ought to have some data, either
from the Secretary of the Treasury or somebody
else who knows the facts, and advise the appro-
priations of money here for this as well as for all
other purposes.
Now, have we anything from any Department
of the Government, or from any informed person
connected with this marine hospital at Napoleon,
which goes to show that §1,000 is necessary for
this purpose; or even, if that sum be appropriated
that it will be sufficient to accomplish the purpose
designed ? Hence it is, in consequence of making
appropriations m this way, that we are constantly
called upon at each succeeding session for increased
amounts. There are deficiencies at almost every
session, and they go on year after year. Now,
would it not be much better to have some addi-
tional definite information on the subject? I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Green-
wood] that he had better ascertain, through the "
Treasury Department, how much money thev
need to accomplish this purpose specified. It
seems to me that we ought to have some definite
information before we undertake to vote $1,000,
or any other amount.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move to in-
crease the appropriation from $1,000 to $6,000.
If it be in order, I would move also that the same
amount be appropriated for the marine hospital at
Natchez, Mississippi.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can only
offer one amendment at a time.
Mr. PERKINS. 'Then I will say, in reference
to the Napoleon amendment, what 1 designed to
say in regard to both. I proposed the appropria-
tion for the Natchez marine hospital at the request
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Harris.]
He will, no doubt, offer it himself when the op-
portunity occurs.
It is really very difficult, Mr. Chairman, to
meet the views of gentlemen on this subject.
Yesterday the appropriation was too large; to-day
it is too small. Another objection urged is, that
there is no proper estimate before the House as
to the necessity for the appropriation. Who is
responsible for this neglect? We were told yes-
terday by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that tbeSecretary of the Treas-
ury had made no estimate, and that the commit-
tee had made none. Then how is the House to
have the information which it requires? I, sir,
can speak from personal knowledge of the desti-
tution of the Southwest in this particular. I re-
side upon the banks of the Mississippi, and was
there during the raging of the epidemic the past
year; and I saw the men whom it is the object of
this amendment to provide for, display such he-
roism in keeping up intercourse from point to
point on the river, as is displayed and rewarded
on the field of battle. They contracted in New
Orleans the seeds of disease, and were put out
at the different towns along the banks of the
Mississippi—the objects of individual charity.
And yet, though their mortality excited general
attention, and roused the sympathy of the«*vhole
country, the Secretary of the Treasury has not
regarded it, it seems, a matter of sufficient im-
portance to be the subject of an estimate, although
we have ample items of all the little establish-
ments along the Ohio.
But, sir, there is something very peculiar also
in the recommendation of theCommittee of Ways
and Means. I desired to call the attention of the
I committee to this point yesterday, but owing to
the system which is pursued by some old mem-
; bers, of holding in terrorem questions of order over
I new members, I postponed doing so at that time.
1 Look at the estimates of the Committee of
Ways and Means. They do not bring in any ap-
propriation for this hospital. Like the Secretary
of the Treasury, they ignore the existence of
everything on the Mississippi river, from Cairo to
New Orleans, while estimates and appropriations
are imide to the heart's desire for States which
have Representatives on that committee, and we
j hear no opposition to them. Why is this:' On
{ that committee are found a gentleman from Mis-
I souri—and Missouri is attended to; there is upon
I that committee a gentleman from Kentucky-—and
! as the Secretary of the Treasury is also from
i Kentucky—that State is doubly provided for;
i there is a gentleman on that committee from Ala-
; barna, and another from Tennessee—and how are
1 they provided for, sir r Mr. Chairman, I will ex-
; plain. The manner, as well as the fact, is worthy
of attention  .
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
! With the permission of thegentleman fromLotusi-
! ana, I will say that I voted against every one of
ji these appropriations for marine hospitals, whether
j! located in Tennessee, Mississippi, or Louisiana,
i Mr. PERKINS. I was not thinking of the gen-
j tlemun from Tennessee; and if I mentioned him,
