1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
favor of promiscuous, unlimited concubinage in
the South, and then turn round and pass laws
limiting the Mormons in Utah in respect to mar-
riage? Mr. Chairman, if you will adopt a rule I
will follow it. I would deal out the same measure
of justice to the Mormons that I would give to
those of Nebraska. I would exclude slavery and
polygamy from both, and from all Territories.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not rise to reply to any-
thing which has fallen from thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] who has just taken his seat, fori
could not, nor could any man who knew what was
due to himself, or what was due to the respecta-
bility of the House of which he is a member, trust
himself to reply to such language as has fallen
from that gentleman. I leave him to his own con-
science, and to the reprobation of his constitu-
ents; and if neither of them can serve as a moni-
tor, 1 shall not undertake to correct or counsel
him. I have no further reply to make to him.
I rose, sir, when the gentleman from Ohio ob-
tained the floor, for the purpose of expressing my
entire concurrence in the motion to strike out this
provision. I say that it is a provision which has
no parallel in the legislation of this country. It
is another step onward in the progress of central-
ization on the part of this Government, of which
this Congress has already given some strong evi-
dences. We are not only now undertaking to
regulate the industry of the country, to regulate
the education of the country, to become the general
almoner for all its charities; butwearenowunder-
taking to regulate its morality. Sir, where, in the
legislation of Congress, will any gentleman point
me to a precedent where such a provision as this
has ever been annexed to any legislation of Con-
fress ? Why, sir, in the homestead bill which this
louse has passed, was there any provision that no
man shall become a settler who had been an adult-
erer; that no man should be entitled to the benefit
of a homestead who had taken the life of his
brother, or who had committed a larceny, or
any crime whatever? Is there to be found such
a provision in any of our laws making donations
of land to settlers? Why is it that in this bill,
in reference to the only Territory where this
is regarded as a legal institution, this provision
is inserted. Why, sir, if in Utah, which is an or-
ganized Territory governing itself, the marriage
of more than one wife is illegal, it is punishable
there as a crime; and if legal, it is a most extraor-
dinary thing, that having permitted the organiza-
tion of a Territory where this is a known legal
institution, that when we pass bills for that Terri-
tory we exclude from its benefits all the persons
who are living in said Teiritory.
Why, sir, ( say that there is no principle what-
ever on which this is founded; and the remark of
the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Lktcher] to
the inquiry was perfectly legitimate. For if we
exclude these men from the benefit of settlements
on the land, on the ground that they are in the
commission of a crime, why, I ask, do you not
annex the same condition to the salaries of the
important officers in the same country ? You have
given salaries to the Governor and judicial officers
of that Territory. Why, then, has not this con-
dition been annexed to those salaries?
I say that Congress has nothing to do whatever
with this transaction. We are disposing of the
public land. It is not necessary or proper for this
Government to make this condition. How is it
to be worked out? Who is to investigate the
fact? If you are making a provision, it ought to
be a provision with some sanction; there should'
be some mode of enforcing it. What provision
is there here for ascertaining the fact whether the
party is entitled to make the entry ?
To what tribunal havrt you delegated the inquiry
toknow whethertheperson applyingforthisbenefit
is subject to the condition? Sir, there is nothing
of all this; and it looks to me to be most out of
place, and most inopportune. It is certainly with-
out the slightest precedent in the past history of
the country; and I trust, therefore, that this mo-
tion to strike out will prevail.
Mr. CAMPBELL. For the present, I am not
very particular whether this provision is retained
in the bill or not. I believe that Congress has
the right to intervene in the regulation of all mat-
ters that appertain to the welfare and morals of
the people who may settle in this Territory. I
subscribe fully to the doctrine of intervention, so
far as the people of the Territories are concerned
during their territorial existence. I believe that
in every State of this Union it is made a high of-
fense to have more than one wife, legal and moral.
It is regarded by public sentiment as a moral
offense, and it is made by law a penal offense; and
1 believe that Congress has a right to interpose a
provision of this kind, providing that the recipient
of its bounties shall not perpetrate a great moral
wrong.
But I rose more for the purpose of replying to
the suggestion that was made by the honorable
member from Alabama, who says that our legis-
lation is tending strongly to centralization and
consolidation, i, like my colleague, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] desire to see something like consistency
here. I have always, during my whole career,
opposed this doctrine of centralization. The gen-
tleman professes to be in favor of State rights,
and in favor of having public sentiment reflected
in the halls of legislation; and yet, I apprehend,
that no member in this House more readily yields
an acquiescence in the suggestions which come
from the other end of the avenue than the hon-
orable gentleman from Alabama. Consolidation
and centralization ! Who is more ardently in
favor of the bill which is now before this House,
and which we are notified will be pressed forward
next week—I allude to the Nebraska bill—than
the gentleman from Alabama ? What voice came
here calling for that bill to repeal the Missouri
compromise, from any sovereign State of this
Union, by resolves of its Legislature, or by the
declaration of the popular masses assembled in
districts, in counties, in townships, or in town
meetings? None, sir; it is an edict from the
White House. I am in favor of State rights
and of popular rights, and am for resisting all
attempts that may be made to overwhelm in the
halls of legislation that which is known to be the
sentiment of the people of this land. Sir, it
sounds strangely to me to hear a gentleman con-
demning that which may seem to be, in this in-
stance, centralization and consolidation, who is in
favor of hurrying through m hot haste a measure
that is to affect a vast empire in the future, when
no voice has been raised from any State or from
any portion of the people of this land in favor
of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] that he
must confine his remarks to the subject immedi-
ately under discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am considering this doc-
trine of centralization and consolidation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must again
remind the gentleman from Ohio that the discus-
sion must be confined to the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am in favor of State
sovereignty and popular rights, and I would to-
day, if 1 could, before the sun sets, give the pub-
lic domain, were it necessary to do so, to construct
between this Capitol and the other end of the
avenue a gulf so wide and deep that it would be-
impassable. I would fill it, if 1 could do so, with
burning lava from the hottest crater of Vesuvius,
so that no member from Alabama, or Ohio, or
any other State of this Union, could ascertain
what was the Executive will m regard to pending
bills. I would have a sort of subterranean tele-
graph, so that we might understand that the laws
of the land were executed; but I would never per-
mit a member of the House of Representatives to
know what was the presidential will in reference
to measures before this body. Resistance to cen-
tralization and consolidation was the doctrine to
which I subscribed in early youth, in the contest
of 1832, when I first became a voter, when I
looked upon the record of public doings and saw
in what manner the Executive power of this coun-
try controlled popular will. There was a veto sent
down, yesterday, to the other Chamber 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Ohio that he is not in order in
referring to what took place in the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I beg pardon 
Mr. DISNEY. Are we not acting under a
special order ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, f suppose we shall be
considering this veto some of these days, and I
hope we shall hear then from the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] something
more about this doctrine of centralization and
consolidation of power.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the gentleman desires to
know what I would do in reference to the veto, I
will inform the gentleman from Ohio that he will
find me one of its warmest advocates, because of
the principle of State rights which I have advo*-
cated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
gentlemen that the veto is npt under discussion
here.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i hope when the veto mes-
sage does come here that we shall meet this matter
of consolidation,compare notes, and go back and
trace the whole history of the country, and see who
has sustained Executive usurpations when in con-
flict with the public will.
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It has been intimated to
me that 1 am perhaps taking too large a latitude.
Perhaps I am making an old-fashioned Whig
speech; and it may be proper that I should draw
my remarks to a close. I wish it distinctly un-
derstood that I am a friend of these Territories.
I have assisted the honorable gentleman, the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, as far
as I could, to facilitate territorial business, and
1 think the Delegates of the Territories will bear
me witness that I am friendly to these Territories,
and anxious to have the business relating to them
disposed of.
Although this is a fruitful theme, and one on
which I am not only ready now, but shall be
ready in the future, to meet the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama, yet I do not wish to consume
the time of the committee under such circum-
stances; and therefoie I resume my seat until a
more appropriate occasion.
Ml. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 do not intend to discuss the question of
.consolidation or centralization, nor will 1 discuss
theother question broached by the gentleman fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] as to Executive dictation.
There is one point, however, on which I will say
that 1 totally disagree with that gentleman, and that
is the wish expressed by him of placing a gulf be-
tween the two Houses of Congress and the Pres-
idential Mansion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Such as would be suffi-
cient to prevent members going there to know how
they are to vote on questions before Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not know that any
mem tiers are in the habit of visiting the President
for that purpose 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I spoke
rather hastily on that point, and therefore hope
that the gentleman from Georgia will allow me to
correct myself. It was a figurative expression
that I used ; and what I meant by it was, that f
would have such a gulf between the Presidential
Mansion and both Houses of Congress as would
prevent members from going there lo inquire and
be instructed what way they should vote, which
would relieve the legislative branch of Government
from presidential pressure. That is all that I
meant.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not know, I say, Mr.
Chairman, how the fact may be as to members
going to the White House for instructions. I
know that it is the business of the President, un-
der certain circumstances, to communicate his
opinions on particular subjects to Congress. But
I do not know that individual members go there
for such a purpose. However, I am not going to
discuss this matter.
The gentleman from Ohio speaks of the Ne-
braska bill; and he speaks of an effort being made
to push it through this House in hot haste. He
said ttiat no State of the Union has yet spoken
on this subject. IIow does this maiter stand ?
Why, Mr. Chairman, we have been here for
thrae or four months discussing this bill, is that
hot haste ? As to there having been no voice from
any State of the Union in favor of it, now how
does this also stand ? Sir, the State of Georgia,
1 know, has spoken; her resolves in favor of that
bill are upon your table. The State of Louisiana,
too, hasspoken. Other States have spoken. And,
sir, I see that the other day there was a meeting in
the gentleman's own State, (Ohio,) a town meet-
ing—a primary meetings—on the subject of the
Nebraska bill. Sir, States have spoken, and the
masses are rising in various quarters, demanding
action on the bill. Can the friends of that measure
then be charged with acting in "hot haste" on.
the subject
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting,) The gsn-
