1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27.
discriminate between the officer and the soldier?
"The other day I was misunderstood in my remarks
while discussing a pension bill, and if so, I would
like to place myself right now. I hold that the
•widow of a general who dies in the service, or of
wounds received while in the service, should re-
ceive a pension according to the rank of her hus-
band; and so in regard to the widow of a lieuten-
ant, and they should draw pay for an equal number
df years, i say this for fear that my remarks
were misapprehended the other day.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to ask the gentlemaa
from Oregon a question, I wish to know if he
ever knew an officer of the Army to leave the ser-
vice because of the insufficiency of the pay?
Mr. LANE. I can answerthe gentleman very
readily. I have known many such instances. I
have known many officers leave the Army because
the pay was insufficient, and I can point them ou,t
to him.
Mr." BRIDGES. Name one.
Mr. LANE. J will mention the instance of
Captain Britton, who quitted the Army because he
could not subsist uporuhepay. I have had some
experience as to this matter, and know something
about it. I entered the Army as a private, and
came out of the service a brevet major general.
The pay of a brigadier general at that lime was
about $3,000, and how could a brigadier general,
who had to keep four horses and two servants,
subsist upon that? It took & large portion of my
salary to subsist myself, to pay for my servants,
my horses, and other expenses.
Here the hammer fell.
[Cries of " Go on !" "Go on !"]
Mr. SKELTON. Will the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw his amendment, to enable me
to introduce another?
[Cries of " Go on!")
Mr. LANE. Then, that I may proceed in
order, 1 move another amendment.
TheCUAlRMAN. Thegentleman from Ore-
gon is not entitled to the floor. The Chair recog-
nized the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Skel-
ton ]
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to offer an amendment
to the amendment, which is really necessary to be
incorporated in it before it is adopted. I move to
except from the part which is proposed to be
stricken out, the third and fourth lines, as fol-
lows:  
t( That the monthly pay proper nf the several grades of
the Army, hereinafter enumerated,shall be at thctullowing
rates."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
amendment is not in order. The pending amend-
ment is the one offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,]
Mr. SKELTON. I understood the gentleman
from Virginia withdrew his amendment.
Mr- SMITH, of Virginia. J will withdraw
my amendment, if there ts no objection.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. SKELTON, I now offer my amendment
to the amendment. I oiler it with a view of per-
fecting the amendment, as I suppose the House
will strike out the pari proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and 1 wish those two lines to
be retained in the bill, us they should be; and I
suppose, likewise, from the indications which 1
have seen here to-day 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would state to the gentleman from New Jersey,
that hirf amendment is not strictly in order, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to insert
equivalent words.
Mr. SKELTON. No, air; he moves to strike
out all alter the enacting clause down to the four-
teenth line.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman's
amendment is in order.
Mr. JSKELTON. The question for the com-
miuee to determine is, are the provisions of this
bill necessary to promote the efficiency of the
Army of the United States? I am willing the
merits of the bill shall turn upon that point. If it
is necessary to increase the pay of the officer, m
orderto promote the efficiency of the Army, then
I am willing that an increase of nay should be ac-
corded to them. But, sir, I contend that it is not
necessary to increase the pay of the officers for that
purpose, and 1 contend that it is necessary to
increase the pay of the rank and tile. I do* not
understand that this increase is necessary to pro-
cure the requisite number of officers. On the con-
trary, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] has told us, there are men all over the
country who are extremely anxious to obtain posi-
tions as officers of the Army at the present rates.
There are no deficiencies occuring in the list of
officers. But, from the statements which have
been made, the places are all full, and there are a
large number of supernumeraries. I say we have
more officers than we have soldiers for them to
command; and hence the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, to increase the pay of
the subordinate officers, is not necessary. But it
is said that these officers move in the fashionable
circles of life, attend balls, parties, &c., and hence
it is necessary that they should receive an addi-
i tional compensation. Now, sir, I contend that it ,
! is entirely unnecessary that we should provide for ;
| such things for those who are to fight the battles
of the country.
But the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane]
says these officeis cannot live on their present pay.
Now, a major general is allowed fifteen rations
per day in addition to the regular pay, which is j
$200 per month; and besides he is allowed seven ]
horses and four servants. He is allowed all these, j
and still the gentleman from Oregon says he can- !
not live. He tells us that the major generals are ;
' starving upon $200 a month and fifteen rations a
j <ay, while the common soldier has but seven or
I eight dollars a month and one ration a day, and
yet he can live. That is the kind of argument
that has been brought before this House to show
the necessity of increasing the pay of the officers
of the Army. This is not a kind of logic that
will stand. I contend that, there is no reason
whatever for increasing the pay of these officers.
The pay they now receive is sufficient to com-
mand the best talent of the country. The best
talent of the country has already been engaged in
that service, and what good purpose will be served
by increasing the pay beyond what it now is?
But the same reasoning does not apply to the rank
and file of the Army, it is unjust to pay your
officers such exorbitant sums, and still increase
them, while you do not pay the poor soldiers,
those who do your work, enough to induce effi-
cient men to join the Army; and hence, while I
am opposed to increasing the pay of the officers,
i am m favor of increasing the compensation of
the rank and file.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from New York, and
of the committee, to one or two facts in connec-
tion with thia subject. The gentleman from New
Jersey says you can obtain Army officers enough
at the present rate of compensation. I do not
know whether the gentleman voted for increase
of pay to the clerks, but we know that, at the time
the salaries were raised from $900 to $1,200,
plenty of men could have been found willing to
discharge the duties for §1500 per annum.
Mr. SKELTON. I voted against increase of
pay.
Air. SMITH. I have only mentioned the fact
by way of illustrating my argument. There is
Colonel Magruder, who has pay and rations run-
ning up to seventy-nine dollars per month. That
officer was sent to California, and compelled to
incur heavy expenses. In discharging his duty
there, he would have been beggared and a bank-
rupt in reputation and fortune,"if he had not been
blessed through an interesting source with other
means than those accruing from his rank. He
i| was in the wilderness when that unhappy catas-
i| trophe happened which resulted in thedeath of the
j' gallant Craig. He was a captain in pursuit of
II deserters from our Army, some of wliom had
I; served in the Brmsh Army. When he overtook
i them, he bared his breast covered with honorable
: wounds, and they slew him, widowing his wife
i and making orphans of his children. He had
| forty dollars per month. We have men who have
| been twenty years in the seiwice, and who have
! periled their lives often on our battle-fields, and
l yet we are told that there are men plenty to take
! their commissions at the present allowance. You
| pay the lowest of your clerks $1,300 per annum,
I or $100 the month. You pay the gallant officer
I who has been twenty years in the service, and is
J covered with wounds, only eighty dollars the
j month. In the very instance to which I have
I alluded, when the Indians brought in the deserters
who had" been soldiers in the British Army for
many a year, to answer to the offended laws of the
country, the reward had to be paid, and there was
no money. This same gallant officer staked his
own credit, and borrowed the money at ten per
cent. The Government refunded the principal,
but the interest at ten per cent. fo"r eight months,
wa.s a tax on his pay. That gentleman is in your
service now, and yet the gentleman from New
Jersey is against giving him the allowance given
your clerks of the lowest grade. I would have
the officers of the Army soldiers in the true spirit
of chivalry. I would not stint them; for of aU
objects under the sun, the poor, needy, beggar sol-
dier is the most unhappy. I would have him
economical, but he should be liberally provided
with that which is indispensable to his dignified
and manly support. Is it an argument to be lis-
tened to" by the American Congress, that these
gentlemen should not have an increase of pay
because there are others willing to take their
places at their present pay ? I can tell the gentle-
man from New Jersey that he can get plenty to
fill his seat at two dollars per day, and he gets
eight.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 move to increase the pay of
a major general five dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
now m order.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I move to strike out the
words " thirty-five," and insert in lieu thereof
the word " forty."
I confess that I have offered this amendment, not
with a view of having it carried, but for the pur-
pose of expressing some of the opinions I enter-
tain upon the subject now under consideration. I
have heard many things here which, heretofore,
were considered as slander upon our republican
Government. If this discussion could have taken
place, and this proposition been moved in the
House of Representatives, during the late war
with Mexico, I take it for granted that no member
of this House would have dared to raise his voice
against it. If he had dared at that time to have
spoken disparagingly of the services of our fellow-
citizens in that war, he would have been met by
the indignant voice of every American citizen
within the limits of the United States. And yet,
it seems, that in a very short space of time, we have
forgotten all their gallant and heroic deeds that
covered the country with glory: and because these
men now ask for an increase of pay—a small in-
crease of pay not at all proportionate to the expan-
sion, wealth, and greatness of the Republic for
which they fought and bled—is it to be denied to
them ?
The battles upon the plains of Mexico tell a
tale that ought never to be forgotten by the mem-
bers of this House or by the American people.
In any great emergency that may arise between
our Government and foreign nations, we are not
to rely upon a standing army. But we must rely
upon volunteers from the mass of the people to
j fight our battles, and these volunteers are to be
I commanded by officers of the regular Army of
I the United States. What is the fact in reference
| to the war with Mexico? There was a dispropor-
tion unheard of and unknown before in any bat-
1 ties that were ever fought upon the face of the
i earth, between the number of officers and men that
I were killed upon its battle-fields. History has
| recorded nothing like it. It required the skill and
, heroism of officers of the Army to lead and direct
I these volunteers upon the fields of battle; and it
: was through their exertions that our victories
there wereachieved. Shall we, then, deny them this
miserable pittance, this slight increase of their
pay, after all they have done, and all the gallant
deeds they have performed ? No ! The American
people will sanction no such proceedings. They
j expect us to deal liberally with these officers, es-
pecially with those who, in the time of need, in the
full heat of the battle, poured out their blood like
water in defense of their country. I appeal to
gentlemen. 1 ask gentlemen to trust to their own
j feelings in this matter. There is not a genuine
| American heart that throbs with love for his coun-
j try that is not wilhngto grant an increase of pay
j to those who bear the brunt of our battles. I
j trust and helieve* that this amendment will be
j adopted. I am very far from saying that the
j compensation of ordinary soldiers is sufficient. I
I would increase their pay. We do not appreciate
