1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stepheks] is travel-
ing a little out of the record.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, Mr. Chairman,
perhaps I am. But 1 am now through on that
point 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) What I in-
tended to say was, that prior to the introduction
of this element of commotion, none of the States,
none of the people had expressed any desire for
it.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I only want to set myself
right.
Mr. DISNEY. I am extremely sorry, Mr.
Chairman, to have to interrupt the gentleman;
but all this is out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, I shall try to keep j
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from I
Georgia will proceed in order. 1
Mr. STEPE1 ENS. Well, Mr. Chairman j
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) The gen- !
tleman from Georgia, I think, misunderstood my ]
remarks. I wish to set him right: that I may be
understood as I intended I should. j
_ The CHAIRMAN. The whole of this discus- j
sion and explanations are out of order. The Chair '
has indulged the gentlemen in a very great kti- j
tude; but I trust that members will now confine !
themselves to the matter under consideiation. i
Mr. DRUM. I rise to a question of order. If |
I understand it correctly, the Chair decides that ;
under the special order, members of the commit- !
tee have no right to discuss anything except con- j
nected with the bill under discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the decision of'
the Chair; and the gentleman from Georgia, I he- |
lieve, is about conforming to that decision. The j
Chair permitted an ample latitude to the discus-
sion which has taken place between the gentlemen {
from Ohio and Geoigia-, and perhaps they en- !
croached a little upon the rule. But they were ,
desirous to net themselves light.
Mr. DUNHAM. Is it too late to take an J
appeal >
The CHAIRMAN. The debate has slightly !
encroached upon the rule, and the gentleman will |
proceed in order. i
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to take an appeal. ;
Mr. HUNT. 1 rise to a question of order. Is:
the gentlemen from Indiana in order in intei rupt- !
ing the gentleman from Georgia while he was pro- i
ceeding strictly in order? I
The CHAIRMAN. But one question of order
can he entertained at the same time.
Mr. HUNT. I did not hear the gentleman
from Indiana. :
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope lam not out of order j
because the gentleman from Louisiana did not hear |
me. |
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman was interrupting
the gentleman from Georgia while speaking m .
order. j
Mr. DUNHAM. I understand that the Chair j
decides that the gentleman may discuss questions :
not connected with the bill. |
Mr. ORll. The Chair has decided nothing of '
the kind, except that gentlemen must proceed in I
the discussion in order. \
Mr. DUNHAM. What is the decision ? i
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question of!
order, except that which has been raised by the i
gentleman from Indiana himself, and that is, that 1
the gentleman from Georgia is not speaking ml
order. The gentleman from Georgia has the floor,
and wilt proceed in order. :
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I should have !
finished my remarks in the tune which has been !
consumed with the discussion of the question of ,
order. My main object m rising was to declare '
my opposition to the principles and views of the I
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] on the j
merits of the proviso under consideration in toto. >
I allude to the position assumed by him, that the !
General Government has not only the right, but i
that it is its duty to interfere in cases of morals,
and to erect such a standard of morals in the Ter- 1
ritories as Congress may think proper. I put it i
to the good sense and mature consideration of that
gentleman, if this bill were to grant lands to every >
body who should be a Presbyterian, a Methodist,
a Catholic, or of any other particular denomina-
tion of religion, whether he would hold it to be
the duty of this Congress, according as a majority
of their views might be, to pass such a law?
Sir, the Constitution of the United States has
guarded this point. Congress has no power to
establish any religion—none at all. Congress has
no power to touch the question of morals, which
lie at the foundation of all systems of religion.
Congress can rightfully exercise no power which
looks to the establishment of any particular tenets
of any religion or any religious sect, or to the
putting down of any such religion or sect, either
in the States, Territories, or anywhere else. Con-
gress can only interfere with such actions m a
criminal point of view as come within the class of
" malaprokibita " Congress has no right to look
to those actions designated by ethical wiiters as
"malamse." None whatever.
The gentleman s&ys that this practice of polyg-
amy is regarded as a great moral crime in every
one of the States of the Union. I am not going
to discuss before thus House the question whether
that practice is moial or not. Congress has no
right to set up a standard of morals for the people
of any portion of this country. I meet this ques-
tion at the threshold—i stand upon principle. 1
stand upon the Constitution of the United States.
I will do the same justice to the people of Utah
that I will to people of other Territories, without
mquiung into their ecclesiastical polity.
I am m favor of granting lands to the people of
the Territory of Utah in the same manner, and
upon the same terms, as we do to the people of
the other Territories of the Union. I would make
no disciimmation. If we discriminate to-day
against JWurmons, to-moirow, perhaps, we shall
be asked to discriminate agaftst Baptists, Metho-
dists, Presbyterians, or Catholics. The evils of
.such discriminations, or even the attempt to
make them, have been wisely provided against m
the Constitution. Let us stand by the Constitu-
tion. Let us strike out this proviso, and let the
people of Utah, amenable to their own laws, civil
as well as ecclesiastical, have the rights and privi-
leges of this bill, just as the people of all the other
Territories within our jurisdiction. The power
which will be exercised in this pioviso will, if
ever brought m full operation, break down the
only safeguard we have for religious freedom.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Sir, I believe
that no subject has come bef'oieus involving more
liupoitant principles than this subject. I wish it
might be discussed temperately and patiently, and
passed upon deliberately and wisely.
1 am m favor of retaining the proviso under
consideration, and 1 have risen to say a few words
m reply to the gentlemen from Alabama and
: Georgia, [Mr. Phillips and Mr. Stephens.]
Before doing so, however, I will notice what was
said by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith ]
That gentleman says that the rnamage tie among
the southern slaves is held sacred. 1 believe that
it is held sacred to a considerable extent; and
therefore I am willing to say so. But,, sir* no
thanks to the laws for this. Thanks for it to the
faithful affections of the parties to the marriage,
and to the kindness of masters and mistresses who
permit the indulgence of these affections. But,
sir, we are legislators, and we are to look at the
legal character of things. We are not to accept
concessions and privileges in the place of legal
rights. We are to inquire whether marriage
among the slaves is legal. Now, sir, there is no
legal marriage among them. 1 go so far as to
say that 1 am ready to stipulate in advance, that
if the gentleman from Virginia can show that there
is a legally married slave in all the South, I will \
{jive up all my opposition to slavery. The slave
is incapable of any contract—even that of matri-
mony. The slaves, after they have passed under
the ceremony called marriage, can as well as be-
fore it, be sold from each other, and separated
forever.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will yield to me for a moment, I will tell him of
one case.
Mr. SMITH. I will yield, certainly, for that
purpose.
Mr. JONES. Some two years ago,in this city,
I was speaking to a gentleman from Maryland
about buying some slaves. He said his negroes
had been married by a Catholic priest, that he
himself was of the same religion, and that he
would not sell them unless the priest was to go
along with them. They weie married by a Cath- i
olic priest, which 1 presume the gentleman would
call legal. I have seen them legally married.
Mr. SMITH. I have no doubt of what the
gentleman states.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will permit the Chair to interrupt him. The
Chair ruled some time ago, that during the discus-
sion in committee upon territorial business, he
should confine gentlemen in their remarks to the
discussion of the subject under consideration.
The gentleman from New York will, therefore,
confine himself to the amendment now pending
before the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Never mind
what the Catholic said to the gentleman of Ten-
nessee. I ask that gentleman whether he, himself,,
believes that there is legal marriage among the
slaves? Sir, the gentleman has carried us into
Maryland. 1 will follow him there, and I will-
say to him, that the Maryland books (1 Maryland
Reports, 561, 563) show that a slave cannot be
prosecuted for bigamy. He cannot be guilty of
bigamy, for he never was a legal husband. He
never had ability to contiact legal marriage.
But, sir, lo the subject before us. I agree with
the gentlemen from Alabama and Georgia, that we
are not to concern ourselves with the morals of
the Territories I makp the province of civil
government quite as narrow as those gentlemen
do. 1 do not include in that narrow province the
duty of promoting morals, nor even of protecting
morals. All I would receive at the hands of Gov-
ernment is protection of persons and property^
The office ot Government is to hold a shield over
the great essential natural rights of its subjects.
Now, sir, I hold that polygamy invades a great
natural risrht, and that it is, therefore, the duty of
civil Government to suppress it.
1 suppose it will not be denied that polygamy
prevails in Utah. Butit is said that polygamy is
a part of the religion of the Mormons; and that,
as we would keep ourselves clear of the offense of
invading the religion of our subjects, we must not-
strike at polygamy. I admit, sir,that the reform-
ation of religion cannot be a legitimate object of
legislation. But, sir, that legislation may be sound
and justifiable which incidentally affects religious-
systems. If a religious system tramples on any
of those great rights which ir is the office of Gov-
ernment to protect, then, at just those points where
such system offends, Government is to meet it and
overcome it.
I argue the duty of Government to suppress
polygamy on just the principles that I argue the
duty of Government to suppress land monopoly.
I believe that all persons have an equal right to the
soil. The Maker of the earth has provided one
home, not two homes, for each person: not two
faims, but one farm, for each farmer. The right
to the soil is natural and equal. So,sir, the right
of each man to one wife, and each woman to one
husband, is a natural right: and for one man to
get more than one wife, or for one woman to get
more than one husband, is to violate this natural
right, which it is the duty of Government to
protect.
The word of God shows that nature provides
but one wife for one man, and one husband for
one woman. That word teaches us that He
"made them male and female"—not male and
females, nor female and males. And if there are
any present who do not bow to the authority of
that word, I would point such to the census. The
census, in every country, and in every age, shows
that the sexes are numerically equal, and that the
arrangements of Providence forbid polygamy.
1 have proceeded in my argument for sustaining
i this proviso on the ground that this Government
■ has as full power and authority over the people
and institutions of its Territories as a State gov-
• ernment has over the people and institutions
within its jurisdiction. Now, I ask the gentleman-
' from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] whether the gov-
i ernment of his State should or would permit the
1 dark-haired men of his State to press and practice
, upon their claim to a hundred wives each, and
i thus to shut out the light-haired men from mar-
' riage? But I will consume no more of the time,.
I as so many are eager to speak.
| Mr. DISNEY. It may be proper, Mr. Ghair-
1 man, in regard to the position which I occupy on
! this bill, to make a brief explanation. It was not
• my purpose, when I came here, to engage in the
discussion. I will state that the billj as I origin-
