1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
ally submitted it to the Committee on the Public
Lands, did not embrace tjie existing proviso.
When the committee had the bill under consider-
ation, I was taken sick, and, during my absence,
as stated by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] I believe on his own motion, this proviso
was inserted.
Various arguments passed through my mind
with regard to this matter concerning the Mor-
mons and this proviso, both pro and con. I shall
not weary the House by repeating them. They
bore upon the point which the gentleman from
Georgia has touched, as to how far the Congress
of the United States might legallyjinterfere with the
religious faith and religious action of the people of
theTerritones. Again, on the other hand, it sug-
gested itself to my mind as a question of policy.
The committee will observe that this bill, as it
now stands, so far as it relates to the granting of
lands does not interfere with the religious belief or
existing institutions ofthe people of theTeiritory.
There is no interference at all. The proviso sim-
ply provides that in making these grants of lands,
a particular class of persons shall not be entitled
to the benefits of them.
One word here by way of reply to the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who asked
me a question this morning. That question, as 1
understand it, was, why a limitation of this sort
had been imposed with regard to donations of
land to settlers, when a similar provision was not
introduced with regard to the salary of the sur-
veyor general? Now,llr, am I really expected
to answer a question of that sort ? The first sec-
tion of the bill provides that where an individual
shall discharge certain specified and well defined
duties, he shall be paid for the services so ren-
dered at a specific and defined rate. That is nat-
ural. The reason is obvious. The propriety of
it will be admitted by everybody. Tne first sec-
tion, then, is simply to provide compensation for
a particular officer, who is to render certain ser-
vices; and there can certainly be no necessity for
me to explain why a limitation is not put upon the
salary of that officer. The latter portion of the
bill provides for donations of land to settlers.
Now, the Government might pay one who prac-
tices polygamy for discharging the duties of sur-
veyor general for services rendered, and yet might
esteem it impolitic to make donations of land—
gifts to parties on condition of settlement, and
thus settle that country with persons practicing
polygamy. The distinction, I apprehend, is suf-
ficiently obvious without any further remarks
from me.
One word more. I have risen merelyforthepur-
pose of explanation, and not to express opinions.
As J have already stated, when I submitted this
bill to the Committee on Public Lands it was
without this proviso.
Now, with regard to the Mormons themselves,
I have to state the fact, that polygamy is a legal
institution in the Territory of Utah. I have a
volume of the statutes of Utah before me, and I
have examined it carefully.
Mr. MILLSON. Really, I am somewhat as-
tonished at that declaration of the gentleman from
Ohio. Do I understand the gentleman to say that
polygamy is a legal institution in the Territory of
Utah?
Mr. DISNEY. Yes.
Mr. MiLLSON. Has the law legalizing it
ever been revised by Congress ? I should like to
know if the gentleman has any information upon
that subject ?
Mr. t>ISNEY. I have just stated that I have
examined the laws of the Territory of Utah.
Mr. MILLSON. What I wish to ask the gen-
tleman is, whether that Jaw has ever been revised
by the Committee on Territories? And if so,
whether the Committee on Territories are pre-
pared to—what I take it for granted they will
promptly do—report a bill annulling such a law ?
Mr. DISNEY. I will answer the gentleman.
There is no statute in the Territory of Utah ex-
pressly allowing polygamy as such, although it
recognizes its existence. The statutes recognize
the issue of marriages under such a system there
as heirs-at-law, and make provisions in regard to
estates, and in every way and form recognize the
existence of polygamy as a legal institution. I
hold in my hand a statute of that character. I
desire merely to make one more remark in addi-
tion to what I have already said, it ia proper
for me, injustice to the Mormons, to state that
their statute-books are filled with provisions against
incontinence of a most severe character.
Mr. ORR. With a view of offering a resolu-
tion in the House, to closedebate, I move that the
committee rise.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. ORR. I give notice that if the committee
will rise, I will move to close the debate upon this
bill in fifteen minutes after the committee shall
have resumed its sittings.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina will not be agreed
to, as this is a subject which ought to be fully dis-
cussed.
Mr. ORR. If a majority of the committee con-
cur with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Simmons,] he can extend the time to an hour, or
two hours, or longer.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Oru's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. Chairman, I had been
a silent reader of the proceedings of Congress for
many years before I came here as a member of
this House and had an opportunity of being an
eye witness. I have now seen the manner in
which so much loose and hasty legislation gets
through Congress. It is done under great excite-
ment, with much declamation upon every thing
but the question under debate, and then voting on
the question without discussing it. I am in favor
of retaining the clause in the section "that the
benefits of this act shall not extend to any per-
son who shall now, or at any time hereafter, be
the husband of more than one wife." It is jo-
cosely suggested to me that I stand in a dubious
position in relation to this question; but it is a dis-
interested position. Sir, 1 am opposed to striking
out the clause for two reasons.
My first reason is, that it would be repudiating
the whole antecedent policy of this Government
upon the subject of legislating for Territories, and
fitting them to become republican States of this
Union. The ordinance of 1787, providing for the
government of the Northwest Territory, from
which the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, and Wisconsin were formed, and which
received the sanction of the old Congress under
the Confederation, and the confirmation ofthe new,
laid down six articles as fundamental rights, to be
forever secured by the Government to the people,
"for extending thefundamental principles of civil
and religious liberty, which form the basis whereon
these Republics, their laws, and constitutions, are
erected; to fix and establish those principles as
the basis of all laws, constitutions, and govern-
ments, which forever hereafter shall be formed «n
the said Territory, and for the establishment of
States and permanent government therein," &c.
And among these articles, the third one reads in
this manner:
" Relis,iun, morality, and knowledge being necessary to
good government and tlio hsippiness of mankind, schools
and ttic means of education shall forever be encouraged."
Here, sir, religion and morality are recognized
as being necessary to good republican institutions.
Certainly, sir, they do not mean by religion and
morality Mormonism and polygamy.
But again, sir, this very ordinance of 1787 was
adopted, word for word avowedly on its face, by
Congiess, as an ordinance for the government of
the Mississippi Territory, then containing the
embryo State now in part represented by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. PmLi.iri,] and made
it the law there too, " excepting the last article for-
bidding slavery," which exception was made in
consequence of the contiguity of that great Terri-
tory to slave States, and of ils being deemed a
necessary outlet for their emigration. But the
whole of the six articles, excepting the last, was
adopted and applied in so many woids to that
Territory, together with its declaration that reli-
gion and morality are the basis of free republican
institutions; and with its provisions for the support
of schools and education.
It seems, sir, that this Government once had
something to do with these subjects. Congress
once thought that Territories could not be properly
fitted to become republican States without moral-
ity. If the learned gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens) will take the trouble to look into
Heerens's introduction to his Political History, he
will be satisfied tils author is right, when he says,
the reason why the civilization of Asia is so much
behind that of Europe is owing to the institution
and prevalence of polygamy, which spoiled the
domestic relations, and occasioned more evil than
slavery itself, because one was the parent of the
other.
Sir, polygamy, everywhere, spoils the domestic
relations, breaks up the family circle, which is the
school of morality, of social order, and of repub-
lican liberty. But, sir, as with individuals, so it ia
with a people, always going from one extreme to
another. A few years ago the Mormons were
driven out of the State of Illinois by violence,
and the two Smiths were shot in a base and cow-
ardly manner in prison, from general disgust with
their institutions. The whole society was soon
afterwards expelled from the State. Now that
they are gone away into the western woods, and
got homes in another place, at a great distance
from ourselves, we do right not to persecute; but
by no means, with our Government patronage, let
us encourage and strengthen such institutions; for,
when in the course of the increase and settlements
of our people in the western domains, they come
to be neighbors,or fall in contact with Mormons,
they will certainly have more trouble. All their
institutions are at variance with ours. I would
therefore pass no law to build up or strengthen
them. I shall vote in favor of retaining the pro-
vision in the bill for these reasons. It seems to
me very unwise in the House of Representatives
to allow the idea to go abroad to the world that
we are recognizing and patronizing such institu-
tions by bounty laws, institutions at war with all
true liberty and the moral sentiment of Christen-
dom.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say but a very
few words, for the purpose of explaining the rea-
sons why 1 shall vole to strikeout the proviso;
and it seems to me that the very reasons urged
by gentlemen who are in favor of retaining it,
should have brought them to an opposite conclu-
sion.
The proviso declares " that the benefits of this
act shall not extend to any person who shall now,
or at any time hereafter, be the husband of more
than one wife."
.Now, sir, I am unwilling that the statute-books
of this Confederacy shall contain the admission
that anywhere, within the reach of our laws, an
institution exists under which a man is allowed
to be at one time the husband of more than one
wife. Sir, this proviso would be a confession of
the weakness and powerlessness of Congress.
Have we no further control over those who would
establish this profligate institution in a Territory
belonging to the United States than by withhold-
ing from them largesses and benefits? Have we
not the right to apply to them our criminal legis-
lation? 1 trust, sir, we shall never make such an
acknowledgment of our feebleness; never confess
our want of authority to strike at the root of the
evil, and punish, if necessary, the perpetrators of
these offenses against decency and law.
But how can a man be truly said to be the hus-
band of more than one wife? Our laws acknowl-
edge the right to have but one; and every second
and further matrimonial contract, the wife being
still alive, is simply null, and does not raise the
female to the dignity of a wife. No man, then,
in any Territory subject to our laws, can have
more than one wife; and if, in the Territory of
Utah, a man may, as this proviso seems to sup-
pose, have more than one wife, it is only because
Congress establishes or consents to such a law.
We have reserved to ourselves the right to revise
the statutes of the Territorial Assembly of Utah,
and have declared that all acts disproved by us
shall be null and void. There can be no statute
in Utah allowing a plurality of wives, except by
the consent of Congress; and until Congress gives
that assent—and it has not done it yet—there can
be only one wife who can legally hold that rela-
tion.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I was surprised to hear
just now, what I learned then for the first time,
from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,]
that the Legislative Assembly of Utah has already
provided, or atlempted to provide, for the legal-
ization of polygamy. I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Territories to this act of
the Legislature of Utah. I take it for granted that
the legislative acts of that Territory have been sent
to Congress, for the purpose of being revised,
