1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
not believe in christianizing the Indians by whig-
ping t"hem, by '"shooting them, by cutting their
throats. I dc) not beiieve that " bayoneis .and
ba l8"are the best agents for civilizing.the heathen.
He has told us of a man who was murdered with
his family by the Indiana. I have no doubt that
man had tried the very, means proposed by the
gentleman from Oregon". He had probably' shot
some of the Indians. He doubtless acted upon
the theory of the gentleman by whipping or kill-
ing "them.
'Mr. LANE. Never; never.
Mr. GIDMNGS. Well, did not their neigh-
bors? ' ' '
Mr. LANE. No, sir; they always had treated
them with kindness.
* Mr.~GH3 DINGS. I am acquainted with the
whole'system of'bringing on Indian wars. No
Indian ever did, or ever will, murder a white per-
son unless he thinks he has cause for doing so. it
is the frequent practice of the whites in the west-
fern territory to shoot the Indians, as intimated by*,
the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
'Dr. Whitman's mission was not to California.
He was in Oregon,four orfivehundred milesfrom
any settlement, and had always treated the In-
dians with uniform kindness.
Mr. G1DD1NGS. Well, sir, the Indian draws
no distinction between white persons. He im-
putes the sin of one to all who come within his
power, unless they be acknowledged friends. And
we are all conscious that from the time Lewis and
Clarke went to Oregon to thisday, the whites have
occasionally murdered the Indians.
. Mr. LANE. No, sir; they aregene'rally treated
•with kindness.
. Mr. GIDDINGS. I doubt not that they are
generally treated with kindness, but occasionally
with "balls and bayonets." There are in every
border community outlaws to civilization, who
appear to delight in showing themselves greater
savages than the Indians. 1 appeal to the experi-
ence of every man who has resided upon the fron-
tiers, and who is acquainted with border life.
Was it not so in Florida, in all our Indian difficul-
ties? But some gentlemen appear to have made
up their minds that we must have an Army; and
in order to do that, we are told that we must in-
crease the pay on account of the glory, as my
friend from Maryland [Mr. Sollers] told us
The people must pay for nodding plumes' and
blazing uniforms. They toil for funds to be spent in
glory. We must support men in luxury and vice,
in indolence and "ease, on account of glory. Now,
sir; I think our true glory consists in cultivating
the arts of peace, in promoting the industry and
the virtue of the whole nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAiVE, by unanimous consent,, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend by
adding twenty dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to say any-
thing in relation to this bill, which has been re-
ported by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Faulkner,] now acting as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; but after listening at-
tentively to the discussion, it does seem to me that
I may say something, in order that my votemny be
understood, in the first place, if we had the time,
I would, with my colleague and other gentlemen,
desire to go into a thorough investigation of the
condition of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and to reform and reinvigorate them. But
you, Mr. Chairman, and this committee, well
know that this whole session of Congress has been
exhausted by discussions in relation to our Terri-
tories and their organization; and that these im-
portant questions can have now but little of our
time.
This bill comes to me recommended by the
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate, at
the head of which stands General Shields, one of
the most gallant and distinguished officers of the
country. I understand from my friend from Vir-
ginia, that it passed the Senate unanimously; and
it is further recommended by the Committee on
Military Affairs of this House. Then, notwith-
standing the diversity of opinion among gentlemen
on this floor in debate—some of whom, I have no
doubt, honestly speak their sentiments,and others
who speak and act for popular favor—it comes
strongly recommended. In the words of the old
adage, it is better sometimes to be deceived than
never to trust.
Mr. Chairman, as was very well said by my
colleague, no party in this House or counti y has
ever agreed on what is exactly a proper reform
for the Army. His reference to an arrrangement
between Mr. Adams and thegentleman fromTen-
nessee as to the reform for the Army, as late as
1842, ought to have some weight with this body.
If distinguished gentlemen on all sides of the
House thSn thought the pay of the Army was
riot too great, I do not think it is too great now.
If the pay of Army officers was proper and right
then in the estimation of the country, the simple
increase now proposed to be given is not, in fact,
any enlargement of what the pay then was.
Money has increased in value. The great yield
of gold from California has served to lessen the
pay of the very men who conquered that country.
In looking into the communication of the Sec-
retary of War, I find the pay of the commander
of our forces to be a little over $6,800 per annum,
while the pay of the brigadier generals is $7,000
and $8,000.
But I say that their pay is not equal to whtft
it was in 1840. I am in favor of increasing the
pay of the rank and file. I am in favor of an-
other provision. I desire to introduce an amend-
ment ill this very section, providing that only one
half of the proper pay shall be allowed to officers
of the Army when they are not on duty. That is
a real reform, which I hope the committee will
take into consideration. I intend to introduce
such an amendment, to come in at line thirtieth.
Mr. FAULKNER. I say to the gentleman
from Ohio that such a provision is already in the
bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not see it in the printed
bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman will find
it in the proviso.
Mr. TAYLOR. I propose to insert the words
" one half pay proper," so as to allow the offi-
cers' of the Army, when they are recreating in the
country, and are not on duty, half of the pay that
they receive while engaged in the duties of their
profession.
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio. I suppose a majority
of the committee have their minds made up, first
as to whether they will vole an increase of com-
pensation to the officers of the Army. There may
be two classes—those who propose to increase the
compensation of all the officers, and those who
.propose to increase the compensation of officers
from captain down. In running over the provis-
ions of this bill, I find that if you commence the
increase with captains, the compensation of a cap-
tain will be about twenty dollars per month more
than that'of the major who commands him, and
so on. I take it for granted, therefore, that we
will not be able to mature a plan by which the
compensation of commissioned officers can be in-
creased in a fair ratio, without consuming a great
deal of the time of the House. I propose to the
committee, then,wiih a view of disposing of this
bill, that we should take a test vote upon the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow.J He proposes to strike out every-
thing pertaining to the pay of commissioned offi-
cers, and make the increase of pay only in the
case of non-commissioned officers and privates.
If his amendment does not prevail, then we should
go to work and fix the compensation that ought
to be paid to each officer. If there be a majority
of the committee who are opposed to any increase,
why, it is but a waste of time to be maturing now
the amount that you are to pay to a brigadier gen-
eral, a colonel, a major, &c. I hope that the
question will now be taken upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Sollers's amend-
ment.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it in order to move to amend
the bill at this time ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Sollers] is an
amendment to an amendment, and no other amend-
ment is now in order.
j Mr. ROBBINS. When the vote shall have
I been taken on that amendment, I desire to offer
' one.
The question was taken on Mr. Sollers's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBBINS. The amendment now pend-
ing, 1 believe, is the one offered by my colleague,
[Mr. Grow;] is it not?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. ROBBINS. Then I want to amend that,
in order that we may take a test vote, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Okr.} 1 move to amend by striking out the
fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth lines, down to the
word " captain," in the eighth fine; so that the
bill will read, " that the monthly pay proper, of
the several grades of the Army, hereinafter enu-
merated, shall be at the following rates: a captain
of cavalry, $85," &c.
I repeat to the committee, that the object of my
making jhat proposition is to have a test vote
taken, as suegested by the gentleman from South
Carolina. I would like the test vote to be taken
on this amendment. I do not wish to make any
remarks on it.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is that amendment amend-
able?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to amend it in this
shape: Strike out the following words, between the
fourth and sixth lines: "a major general, $265; a
brigadier general, $165," and insert in lieu of the
figures, after the other grades, as follows: a colo-
nel, $100; a lieutenant colonel, $100; a major, $30.
Mr. PECKHAM. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment proposed by me, and sent up to the Clerk's
desk, strikes out the proposed increase as to the
major general, the brigadier generals, and modi-
fies the pay of the other grades down to that of
captain. 1 believe, if we are to make any correc-
tion at all in the bill, the one proposed is a proper
one; and the committee can show its disposition
to alter, as well with respect to this amendment,
as to any other. I do not propose to discuss the
position taken by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Clingman,] that we shall be satisfied if
we can obtain men to fill up the service, and shall
pay so much only as is necessary to that end. I
have no sort of doubt that you can procure men
to accept the post of major generals for less than
five thousand dollars a year. I have no doubt
that persons could be found willing to become
members of Congress for one quarter the amount
we are now paid. I have no doubt you could
obtain somebody to occupy the White House for
one half the salary of $35,000, perhaps for less.
A Member. Twenty-five thousand dollars
salary.
Mr. PECKHAM. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars proper, and $10,000 for rent of house, furni-
ture, &c.
Mr. McNAIR, (interrupting.) I ask thegen-
tleman, could men be procured to fill these places
as well ?
Mr. PECKHAM. That is a very different
thing. But you can fill them, certainly, I admit,
not m a manner to promote the welfare of the
country. Sir, there are many considerations
which induce me to favor this additional pay to
the Army, not only to the privates, the men in the
ranks, but to the officers; and I am willing to
include an increase to the major general. That
position is rarely attained. It is held only by one
man in the service. It may be the goal of the
ambition of every enterprising officer, but though
long lives are spent in active service—in deeds of
valor and high desert—yet not more than one in
thousands can justly hope to attain it. Mere
length of service is not sufficient, promotion for
deeds of gallantry is necessary—so that the con-
fidence of the nation shall keep pace with the
promotion. After a lifetime of toil and effort—•
of study as well as action—ought the highest mili-
tary position in our country to be meanly paid?
So meanly, that every officer with a family dies in
poverty who looks to his pay alone for support!
The gentleman from Oregon [General Lane] has
shown to the House that the whole amount of
pay and rations, <fcc., is barely sufficient to main-
tain such an officer in the field, and I will say
nothing on that subject. He has had practical
knowledge. But, sir, as to the officers of a lower
grade, we all know many who have spent an
ordinary lifetime in the service, and have yet ar-
rived at no higher position than captain in fact,
with rank of lieutenant colonel by brevet—men
of over forty years of age, who have spent over
