1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
twenty in the service, at the petty pay of about
$1,500 a year, pay, rations, ami all—obliged to
travel from one extremity of this continent to the
other—and as a gentleman behind me well says,
with a family to maintain at home. This includes
allowance for servant and forage, which they are
frequently compelled to expend—thus reducing
their actual pay to about $1,000.
Sir, the pay of all this class of officers, from
captain down, is less than that of the clerks in
the Departments. The clerks in all our offices
here, as a general thing, get far better pay. Let
it also be borne in mind that this pay was fixed in
early days by men who had the welfate of the
country at heart, who had knowledge on the sub- !
jeot, but fixed at a time when a dollar was worth i
more than a dollar and a half now. When we
have raised the salaries of all the clerks hereabout
us, the sa'aries of the Cabinet, and properly so,
too, and of other officers throughout the land, why
not be reasonable and just—not liberal, but just
to the Army? I have no occasion to compliment
the Army of our country, if our little band can be
called ah army. They require no compliments.
They stand in need of" material aid," and I hope
this House will grant it. I was very much pained
to hear my worthy and distinguished friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] state to the House
that he would not raise the salary of any man who
receives more than forty dollars a month. I was
sorry to hear it. I shall not allude to any motive
that would induce gentlemen here to pay privates
and not pay officers. That while the one mi^ht
be popular, the other might be odious; I do not
believe that that is enlightened public sentiment.
The people are willing to do justice to all, and I
did think that the position of my friend was taking
a step lower as to pay than his uniformly high-
toned manly course had induced me to expect
from him.
Mr. LETCHER. The argument of the gentle-
man from New York illustrates exactly this, and
nothing more; that because you have taken one
false step, you must take another. His argument
is, that because Congress have increased the sala-
ries of the clerks and other employees of|he Gov-
ernment, a step admissedly wrong, and because a
dol'ar ten or twenty years ago was w&rth more
than a dollar now, it follows, as a nectssary con-
sequence, thai you must increase the pay of the
Army officers and men to a corresponding extent.
You have started wrong, but because you have
started, you must go on wrong.
Mr. JNGERSOLL. I would like to ask the
gentleman what percentage upon the present pay
it is proposed to give these men?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not know precisely,
buf f suppose abouttwenty per cent. I judge from
the fact that that is about the proportion that is
kept up in the various departments of Govern-
ment. I presume that is about the percentage
that is proposed to pay by this bill.
Mr. PECKH AM. The gentleman is mistaken.
It is less than ten per cent.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I think, if the
gentleman will take the pay of ail these officers,
he will find that I am not far from right. The
increase in the case of the rank and file is more
than twenty per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Robbins's
amendment.
Mr. HUNT, in substance," said: Mr. Chair-
man, I have been shocked «.t the attack which has
been made on the Army of the country. It was
truly remarked by the eloquent gentleman from
Maryland, that in times of danger men are ready
to do honor to those to whom their liberties are
intrusted, and to increase their pay. But, sir,
what do we now witness? A barbarous assault
is made upon the Army. Some gentlemen are
unwilling to fill up its diminished ranks, and to
supply the numbers necessary to meet the exi-
gencies of the times; while others, though willing
to recruit the service, and to give an increased pay
to the privates, wholly refuse to do equal justice
to the officers, by increasing their slender pay.
Mr. Chairman, the Army is a military system,
and as such, it should be fairly kept up. Justice
should be done alike to the officer and to the sol-
dier. It is dernagogism to declare, 1 love the
men, but cannot love the officers." A wise man
and a patriot will properly appreciate each class,
id I; I
and uphold a due system of rank and order. We
have been officially informed that four thousand
men are needed for the Army; that such is the
want of troops on our frontier, there is no safety
for life and property there, and that murders and
depredations are of constant occurrence. Can an
American Congress allow such a state of things to
continue? Soldiers are wanted, and soldiers mqst
be had. And, sir, they can only be had by the
means designated by the bill—an increase of pay.
It will not anssver to say that our citizens can
protect themselves. Jt is the duty of Government
to protect them—a duty that cannot be dispensed
with. Besides, I am unwilling to trust to the loose
and disjointed action of our citizens, conducted
without system and authority. The, in all prob-
abilty, ill-directed efforts of volunteers, will not be
half so good in the way of protection as those of
our regular soldiery. Moieover, their acts will
be those of men heated by revenge, and reckless
of right, and not of men well-tempered and just-
of soldiers always standing by the law, and on!_
operating in a hostile manner to bring about and
to secure peace, law, and order m the country.
And, sir, in addition to these observations,it may
be added, that the expense of this species of war-
fare would be enormous, and would at last be de-
fray e'd by the Government that had failed to per-
form its duty m the first instance.
And here, sir, I will say a word or two on the
proposed increase of pay for the soldier. If this
question were submitted to the people of the
United States, they would say, give such an
amendment as will command the services of proper
men for the ranks-—of Americans, if it be practi-
cable, whom you now exclude by your low rates, i
Depend not, as you have been doing, upon for-
eigners, who may be willing to take a pittance;
but offer such a sum for enlistment as will induce
ardent and patriotic young citizens to leave their
peaceful shades, and array themselves under the
banner of their country; especially under thepres-
ent bill, which stimulates ambition by opening the
door of preferment to merit and good conduct.
I will now briefly notice some remarks that
have been made in the bourse of the debate, it
was substantially contended by an opponent of
the bill, that the families of officers ought not to
be provided for like those of gentlemen in civil
life; that their children ought not to be educated in
the arts and sciences, and trained in the accom-
plishments and refinements of polite society; and
it was especially insisted that officers and their
families'ought not to go to balls and routs. He
who imagines that he can commend himself to
favor by such narrow and illiberal views, deludes
himself, and does great injustice to the good sense
and good feeling of any portion of the American
constituency.
I have proposed to increase the pay of a major
general with a view to make these desultory ob-
servations; but f am led by the proposition to sub-
mit a few remarks suggested by it. The pay of
the general-in-chief of the Army is altogether in-
adequate. consideringhis position, and apart from
his distinguished services to the country. Sir,
gentlemen" who are opposed to increasing the pay
of such an officer, do not reflect upon the expenses
incident to his position, and upon the long or ex-
traordinary course of services necessary to obtain
his commission, and upon the skill, knowledge,
and ability requisite for the performance of those
services. In any other country than our own,
such services as General Scott has rendered his
country, would have secured the largest fortune,
as well as the highest honor. In ours, it leaves
the hero nothing beyond his feme, and the love
and heart-felt gratitude of his fellow-citizens—the
noblest and sweetest of human rewards, truly—
but -still, such as ought also to be accompanied
with the comforts and enjoyments which wealth
could supply to him and his family.
Mr. Chairman, it was the knowledge of the nar-
row fortune of our illustrious fellow-citizen that
led a neighboring nation, not long since, to ima-
gine that he might accept her chief magistracy or
imperial rule. But, sir, it was a vain and delusive
imagination. Faithful to his country, and true to
his fame, the noble patriot clung fast to his com-
mission. May his virtue inspire us with a proper
feeling to do him justice in regard to rank and for-
tune. He who asserts that the pay of a major
general in our service is too large, has failed to
consider or to appreciate the knowledge, labor,
and long service necessary to reach that position
in the legularArmy. Such an officer must be
a man of science; not only be a thorough and
accomplished soldier, in a limited or merely tech-
nical sense, but a jurisconsult and international
lawyer, fit to negotiate treaties, and, if necessary,
to do as General Scott did in Mexico, frame and
promulgate m the midst of arms a wise and no-
ble code of laws and morals adapted to the cir-
cumstances in which fortune had placed the victor
and the vanquished,a code which would establish
his reputation alike for humanity and wisdom.
The remarks in respect to the pay of a major
general have their application in a-proper degree
to the inferior grades of authouty. Let us then,
Mr. Chairman, stand as well by the officers as by
the soldiers of the Army. Let us cherish science.
Let us honor patriotism. Let us reward service.
It is said that we have all the officers that we
need, and that others not in serviceare in waiting
or advancement. What of it? Does this prove
that service ought not to be properly rewarded ?
*s it contended that we may have ignorant men
for low prices? Shame upon such barbarism 1
What gentleman would dare to stand before an
enlightened constituency, and maintain such a
proposition ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I was not aware that any
gentleman here had assailed the officers of the
Army. In any remarks I have made, I have been
far from assailing the character of any officer of
| the Army of the United States; and, therefore,
! the remarks in which the gentleman from Louis-
; iana [Mr. Hunt] has indulged can have no ap-
j plication to anything I may have said. 1 have
! obtained the floor foi the purpose, if permitted to
| do so, as I know it is not exactly in order, of in-
I dicating what 1 desire to offer as a substitute for
j the bill under consideration. I desire to present
j it to the committee at this time, entertaining the
j opinion that 
j Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
| Is the gentleman from Missouri speaking to the
I amendment under consideration?
j The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is speak -
j ing in opposition to it.
I Mr, PHELPS. It must be apparent to every
i gentleman here, that we are not prepared at this
| session of Congress to legislate correctly with
i reference to the increase of salaries and compen-
sation to be given to the officeis of the Army.
■ The gentleman from Louisiana correctly remarked
. that at this time there is a deficiency of men in the
Army. If there is a deficiency,let us remedy the
existing evil, and let us provide for filling up the
rank and file of the Army, in order to maintain
peacc upon the frontier. If there was a deficiency
of officers, and if they were resigning their com-
missions because of the inadequacy of their pay,
I would increase their pay so as to command the
services of good and efficient officers. But just
at the close of the session there is no time to de-
termine what should be the proper compensation.
There is no pressing necessity for action upon the
proposition "to increase the pay of these officers
now, and we can just as well postpone it to some
future time. It is for thi.-s reason I shall propose,
as soon as I can have an opportunity, a substitute
for this bill which shall piovide an increase of
pay for the rank and file of the Army, retaining
such provisions of this bill as relate merely to the
rank and file.
Mr. WALSH. I insist upon my question of
order. The gentleman stated that he desired to
oppose the amendment of tne gentleman from
Louisiana, but he is telling us about a new prop-
osition which he desires to submit to the commit-
tee. The gentleman has spoken eleven times al-
ready upon this question 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is in order, as he is speaking in opposition
to the amendment of the gentleman from Lou-
. isiana, [Mr. Hunt.I
1 Mr. PHELPS The amendment of the gen-
; tleman from Louisiana is to inciease the pay of
i the major general, as proposed in this bill. I think
J it is legitimate to argue against it by say mg that we
I are not prepared at this time to decide whether the
! pay of the major general, or any other officer of
■ the Army named m the first section of the bill,
I ought to be increased It seems to be the general
1 desire of the committee that that branch of the
! question should be postponed for future considera-
