W6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
tion; and there seems to be an unanimity of opin-
ion that the pay of the, rank and file should be
increased. It is for the "purpose," therefore, of
obtaining &at which I believe will give to us a
more .efficient Army, that I shall endeavor to pre-
sent to the committee the amendment which I have
' indicated.
[Cries of " duestion !" " Cluestion !"]
Mr. WALSH. Is an amendment in order
now? _' "
The CHAIRMAN. Not at this time; there is
an amendment to ari amendment pending.
i'Tfie,"question is on the amendment of the gen-
tlem^q .frotn Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] to the amend-
ment of. the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
jQrROW.]
Mr.' HUNT. I propose to withdraw my
amendment."
Mi". CLINGMAN. I object.
fhe question was taken on Mr. Hunt's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I offer the following amenc^
t ent to the first section of the bill:
Section first, tine sixteen, strike out the words " twenty-
three," and insert "thirty-two;" in ttte nineteenth tine,
strike out the word " eighteen," and insert£i twenty-eight"
in the twentieth line—-
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would suggest to the gentleman from New York
that that amendment will be in order presently,
but at this time it is not. The pending amend-
. ment is the'amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. ftoBBiNS,] to strike out all
from the end of the fourth line to the words "a
cAptain," in the eighth line.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to amend by di-
minishing the amount proposed to be paid to the
major general twenty dollars.
I was surprised, Mr. Chairman, at the speech
of my worthy friend from Louisiana. I was sur-
prised at the arguments he used in advocating, as
he did, the policy of increasing the salary of that
officer. I understood the honorable gentleman as
charging, in his speech, that attacks had been
made upon the Army. Who—allow me to ask
that honorable gentleman—has attacked the Army
here to-day ?
Mr. HUNT. Those who do not want to em-
ploy soldiers at their proper rate of pay.
' Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman intended
to allude to me in his remarns, I expressly de-
clared' my purpose to vote to increase the pay of
the non-comniissionfed officers and privates, but at
the same time 1 expressed" my unwillingness to
increase the pay of the commissioned officers.
We heard, too, from the same gentleman, some
other charges preferred against members of this
"House. 1 do not know to whom he alluded when
speaking of demagopism I hope the gentle-
man did not mean to include me within the scope
of that term. I have heard other gentlemen, not
in public speeches, but in conversation, speaking
of demagogisrn. Sir, I tell this committee, the
House, and the country, that when 1 undertake
to demaeogue, if I do so at all 
Mr. HUNT, (interrupting ) One word. On
my honor F had not the gentleman in my mind.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not believe the gen-
tleman from Louisiana intended to include me.
But the charge has been preferred against some-
body.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Virginia are not pertinent, inasmuch
as they do not concern the question before the
committee, which is to decrease the pay of the
major general.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Virginia is hardly in or-
der.
Mr. McMULLIN". I am replying to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Louisiana, and if
my remarks are out of order, his were out of or-
der. But I desire to proceed in order strictly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to I
the gentleman from Virginia, that the rule allows
live minutes for a speech in opposition to, and
five minutes in explanation of, an amendment.
Mr. McVltfLLIN. I am aware of that. I
desire to state, in connection wiih the amendment
which I have offered, that while these gentlemen
are scientific men,as stated by thegentleman from
Louisiana, they are educated at the expense of the
country, and not only that, if they fall upon the
field of battle, their widows are provided for by
law. Sir, I am the last man ir. this House to de-
tract from the ijierits of these gallant men, but
when we are paying them a fair and adequate com-
pensation, I hold that it is not right that this com-
mittee should still increase their pay. If the Army
is not an efficient one, and it is admitted not to
be, let men come forward and increase the pay of
the rank and file, and I will vote for it. I have
not known of an instance of any officer resigning
because of the inadequacy of his salary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McMULLIN, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. GOODRICH offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the enacting clause of the
bill :
That the grade of lieutenant general be, and the same is
hereby, revived in the Army of the United States, in order
that when, in the opinion of the President and Senate, it
shall be deemed proper to acknowledge eminent services ot"
a major general of the Army in the late war with Mexico, in
ihe mode already provided for in subordinate grades, the
grade of lieutenant general may be specially conferred by
brevet, and "by brevet only, to take rank from the date of
such service or services: Provided, however, That when
the said grade of lieutenant general by brevet shall have
once been filled, and have become vacant, so much of this
bill as revives said giade in the Army shallexpire and be of
no effect.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that that amendment is out of
order.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Certainly it is not.
The effect of it would be to reorganize the Army.
Mr. GOODRICH, The object of the bill, ac-
cording to its tide, is " to regulate the pay and
increase the efficiency of the Army of the United
States, and/or other purposes.*' Now, I should like
to know what that "for other purposes" means,
if it will not cover such an amendment as this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not un-
dertake now to decide whether the amendment of
the gentlemen from Massachusetts will be in order
to any portion of the bill or not. He certainly
decides that it is not in order as an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, which is to strike-out a portion of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by
excepting the first line that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes to strike out. He pro-
poses to strike out seven lines. I propose to
retain one of those lines.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not in
order. There is an amendment to an amendment
already pending:.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know the
reason why it is not in order? I ask the Chair
to decide.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order, but he thinks the effect will
be, if adopted, to retain that line in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. That is precisely what I
propose. The gentleman from Pennsylvania pro-
posed to strike out from the commencement of
the section. I propose 10 strike out after the
word " rates," in the fourth line, to the words " a
captain," in the eighth, so that the clause will
read:
That the monthly pav proper of the several grades 0f the
Army, hereinafter enumerated, shall be at ihe following
rates: a captain of artillery anrd infantry, seventy-five dol-
lars, &c.
Mr. ROBBINS. That is necessary to make
my amendment intelligible. 1 accept it.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman may accept
it after I have made my remarks upon it. I have
offered this amendment merely for the purpose of
showing that the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not work at all. If you
strike out all down to the word " captain," a cap-
tain of infantry and artillery will then receive
eighty-five dollars per month, while a major, under
the present law, will get only $65 50 per month
—$24 50 more than a major will receive; and with
the balance there would be the same dispropor-
tion. A lieutenant of artillery would get fifty-
seven dollars, which is within $3 50 of what a
major gets. My object was merely to call atten-
tion to that difficulty in the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am glad that my col-
league has e.ifle(| attention to ihe proposed amend-
ment, because the scheme of compensation recom-
mended by the committee, has been carefully i
made out m view of the relative rank of all the 1
officers of the army. The amendment would
derange the proper proportion of pay between the
officers, and introduce disorder and confusion.
Mr. GROW, If my amendment prevailed,
would the pay of sergeant-major be greater than
that of lieutenant?
Mr. FAULKNER. It would not.
Mr. ROBBiNSaccepted Mr. Letcher's amend-
ment as a modification of his own amendment.
The question then recurred on Mr. Robbins's
amendment.
Mr. ROBBINS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Wheeler were appointed.
Mr. PECKH A M. Before the vote is taken, by
the consent of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I desire to modify his amendment, so as to make
the pay of major ninety dollars per month.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot accept theamendment, for he pro-
poses to strike out those very words.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then I move to amend by
inserting, as the pay of major, ninety dollars,
instead of ninety-five dollars per month.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Tne question was then taken on Mr. Robbins's
amendment; and the tellers reported—ayes forty-
nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Grow's
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tilers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips,
and Davis of Rhode Island, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I suppose my amendment is
now in order.
Mr. Walsh's amendment was reported, as
follows:
Strike out all after Ihe word " dollars" in the fourtpenth
line, to and including the word " dollars" in the iwenty-
sixth line,and insert "asergeant major, quartermaster ser-
geant, principal musician, chief bugler, principal farrier,
and ordnance-sergeant, twenty three dollars; to each first
sergeant of a company of dragoons, mounted riflemen, artil-
lery, and iflfantry, twenty one dollars; to all other sergeants
of tho-je arils, twenty eight dollarg; to a corporal of dra-
goons and mounted riflemen, twenty-five dollars; to a
corporal of artillery and infantry, twenty five.dollars;-to a
farrier, blacksmith, saddler, and artificer of dragoons,
mounted riflemen, and artillery, fifteen dollars; to a bugler
of dragoons and mounted riflemen, twelve dollars; to a
musician of aitillery and infantry, eleven dollars ; to a pri-
vote of dragoons' and mounted riflemen, eleven dollars; and
to a private of artillery and infantry, ten dollars."
Mr. WALSH. The abuses which exist in the
Armv are so numerous and so intolerably flagrant,
and have been clung to with such pertinacity—
with such a contumacious disregard of public sen-
timent on the subject, that the indignation of the
people, thus aroused, has at length imperatively
demanded some action on the subject by Congress,
which should at least partially correct the evil.
The bill reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs*, now under discussion, and to which I
have offered a salutary and very reasonable amend-
ment, is claimed, by its supporters, to meet this
demand. But, while its pretended design ittoaid
those most deserving, and most in need of aid, a
little sr-rutiny will readily convince every honest
and unprejudiced man that its real purpose is to
give the eggs to the commissioned officers, and the
soup, in which they have been boiled, to the poor
non-commissioned officers and privates. [Laugh-
ter]
Now, sir, I, for one, shall join in no vulgar war-
fare against the officers as such. I shall not echo
the demagogue cry that they are already receiving
entirely too much pay, but 1 do insist that that of
the private, the mechanic, and the other hard
working, harder used, and miserably remunerated
men attached to the Army, should be increased
to, at least, the extent set forth in my amendment.
I am well satisfied that while it is much more
pleasant to be a colonel, or even captain, at fifty
cents a month, than to be a private at twenty dol-
lars, men who are capable of performing the du-
ties of officers are not so overflowing with ques-
tionable patriotism and self sacrifice as to work
for nothing for a Government which can squander
millions annually upon the most unworthy objects.
Sir, if our coast were blockaded, our commerce
driven from the seas, our Treasury empty, our
