388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
4
appropriations of this character without any spe-
cific law authorizing them.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is there any law author-
izing the election of a Delegate from the Territory
of Nebraska, or recognizing such a person at all ?
Mr. EDGERTOW. Again, I state to the gen-
' tleman and to the committee, that appropriations
have heretofore been made, paying theper diem and
mileage of Delegates sent from a Territory without
any law authorizing them to beseaj, and when
the Territory had not been organised: Such was
the fact in reference to the Delegates first sent from
Utah, from New Mexico, and from Minnesota.
The Delegates sent from those Territories received
their regular per diem and mileage, notwithstand-
ing the fa'ct that the Territories were not organized
when they were elected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a single statement ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I will yield to the gentle-
man. ., , „
Mr. RICHARDSON. In the case provided for
in the amendment offered by the gentleman, the
Delegate came on, but was not admitted to a seat
upon this floor. In the eases to which the gentle-
man alludes as precedents, however, the Terri-
tories were subsequently organized, and the Dele-
gates obtained their seats—if my recollection be
correct—so that the cases are not parallel ones.
Mr. EDGERTON. In reply to the gentleman
I would say, that Delegates came on from TTtah
and New Mexico and obtained this per diem and
mileage when they had not been admitted to seats
upon this floor.
Mr. ORR. Do I understand the Chair to decide
this amendment to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was in doubt,
and desired information in respect to the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have only to repeat what
I have already said. These Delegates to whom
1 have referred were elected from New Mexico
and Utah, and came on here. They were denied
seats in this House, but were, nevertheless, paid
their per diem and mileage.
The CHAIRMAN. From the precedents here-
tofore set in committee, the Chair is of the opinion
that the amendment is clearly out of order, and
he so ruled it.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the committee do
now rise, and report the bill and amendments to
the House.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I demand tellersupon
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Vail were appointed.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 rise to a point of order.
I demand 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!" arid much con-
fusion.] .
Mr. MeNAIIl. I withdraw the motion that
' the committee rise.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I move to amend the
bill by adding the following:
For the payment ol'tlip balance! of the aotmt anil noeos-
sary expenses nicui i''d by the provisional government of
Oregon in lite people ot fraid Teirnoiv tmm the
attack* and hoBlilitif!. nl'thi* Oayuw Indians', "> the years
18-17 and 1848, anil that it sli.it! he tin- duly ol the Heorrtaiy
of the Treasury to allow and pay the sunn lomtd due and
allowed by the Governor of saul Territory, 01 any one ot
the commissioners 011 Cayn&e wai claims, .fs'7.),0U0.
Mr. Chairman, I am reluctant to consume the
I
become the settled policy of the Government to
leave that country without any protection whatso-
ever-^-save that which may beafforded by the peo-
ple themselves—I can imagine no reason why they
should not at least be remunerated for the actual
and necessary expenses incurred by them in the
discharge of a duty which rightfully pertains to
the General Government, but which, being there
neglected, is performed by the people.
During the last summer, when Indian hostili-
ties again occurred in the Rogue River valley, and
the settlements were about being swept away and
destroyed by the depredations of the Indians of
that valley, Captain Alden, a gallant and brave
gentleman, commanding a post in northern Cali-
fornia, and within striking distance of the scene of
trouble, came over, with his entire command at
that time capable of service, which was but nine
only, and by his prompt action with this handful
of " regulars," aided by the gallant citizens of
the Territory who volunteered to the service, suc-
ceeded in preserving the settlements of the valley
from the destruction with which they were men-
aced by the savages of that country. In doing
this we lost a number killed, and many more
crippled for life. The wounded, however, of our
service are not here soliciting pensions for their
wounds. We defend ourselves, and ask pay only
for the time we are engaged in the service, and for
our subsistence while we are in the field in defense
of the country, and in quelling the Indian disturb-
ances.
1 wish, Mr. Chairman, I had time to detail the
cause and history of that Cayuse war. It will be
recollected that the Indians attacked the settlement
of Mr. Whitman, a missionary among them, and
wantonly and barbarously murdered him, his
wife, and others then residing at the station. To
tins wanton and unprovoked butchery is to be
traced the cause and commencement of that war.
i That it was lepressed without the sacrifice of our
| settlements in Oregon is to be attributed to the
gallantry, self-denial, and courage of those for the
payment of whose expenses this amendment is
proposed.
Mr. Chairman,! have already submitted to this
House a bill, now in the hands of the Committee
on Military Affairs, making an appropriation for
the payment of the expenses of the late war with
the Rogue River Indians, to which I alluded a few
moments since. The citizens, in that instance,
were called out by Captain Alden for the suppres-
sion of the hostilities of those savages, and are, it
seems to me, of course entitled to compensation
for their services. Will the committee now de-
termine that these appropriations shall not be made
to pay the just and necessary expenses of the
people of Oregon in defending themselves, their
families, and their property from the attacks and
hostilities of the Indians of the country, who are
thus left unrestrained by a neglect and seeming
indifference for which the people of Oregon are in
no sense responsible? I trust not.
fHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say to the commit-
tee, and to the gentleman from Oregon, also, that
after this matter was up in committee yesterday
a communication on the subject came from the
proper Department, and was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. That committee have
looked into it to some extent. The communica-
tion is somewhat of a lengthy and involved char-
acter. And while it is the feeling of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—if I may be allowed
time of this committee upon any question
never do so unless the interests of my ennstitu-
enc.y are involved. The amendment I propose con- S to say as much as that of their action—to go any
cedes nothing more than a further appropriation, reasonable and rational length, I may properly
say that I fully concur in what is reasonably
claimed not only for Oregon but for any of the
Territories. Yet the committee think that this
required in order to meet a liability assumed by
Congress, by the original appropriation, and in
which tins sum appears now as a deficiency. I „
propose it in behalf of those who voluntarily 1 appropriation ought to be delayed for the present,
turned out arid performed military service in de- | So far from there being any deficiency, the com-
fense of the lives and property of the people of;1 '     ^ ' 'u~* ~c *u~
Oregon, for a period of from six to eight months, j
against the attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse ,
Indians. The troops, for the expenses of whom 1
this further appropriation is asked, subsisted them-
selves during the entire period of this war, and ;
have neither been paid for their services or their
expenses remunerated, the appropriation having j
proved insufficient. I
When it is remembered that the people of Ore- -
gon have never enjoyed the benefit of the protec-
tion afforded by troops stationed in the Territory,
and that by some means or other it seems to have
munication from the Department says that of the
$100,000 heretofore appropriated to pay the ex-
penses of the war there is yet an unexpended
balance of $3,224 59. Still, justice to the Dele-
gate from Oregon requires me to say, that, under
the existing laws, that amount is not at present
applicable to claims, for reasons which I could not
take the time now to state without wearying the
committee.
There have been five commissioners appointed
by the Legislature and the Governor of Oregon,
for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of
these claims. The first commissioner, Mr. Skin- ii to report-
ner, reported $10,400, and Mr. Wait, the second
commissioner, reported $76,830, making $87,230
in all. Some additional claims have been added
by the Government, and when they have all been
paid, there is the balance left which I have men-
tioned. Still, in fairness to Oregon, I must say
that there have been three other commissioners,
Messrs. Harding, Rice, and Terry, who have ex-
amined, orareengaged inexaminmg those claims.
The papers which the Department has sent to the
Committee of Ways and Means, do notshow that
any report has yet come in from either of those
three commissioners. Now, if it be true that
there is a report showing the act of these com-
missioners, if it be any satisfaction to the Delegate
from Oregon, I assure him that I am willing to
make provision for it. For one, 1 am willing
to say that, so far as I am concerned, he shall
have rny cordial support, if a report come in show-
ing that these commissioners have acted, and that
that action requires further appropriation. I will,
at least, give him my feeble aid for thepurpose of
taking a proper care of these claims. Suffice it
for this purpose to say that, as far as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are concerned, they
were of the opinion that the thing was not in a
position where it was proper for them in this de-
ficiency bill to appropriate. When the regular
bill comes up, and we have more information on
the subject, it will be time enough to answer ail
the purposes of the Delegate from Oregon. I
therefore hope that he will be satisfied with this
explanation, and not press his claim further at
this time.
Mr. LANE. I am unwilling to press anything
which the committee think that I ought not to
press. My demand is only for justice to the Ter-
ritory which I have the honor to represent upon
this floor.
In explanation, however, 1 beg to be allowed to
read the communication fiom the last commis-
sioner. My friend from New York has truly said
that there have been five commissioners to exam-
ine and allow claims of persons on account of
that war. He has given what has been reported
| by two of them. The books of the commission
! have been turned over by each commissioner to
I his successor. They show the amount of awards.
| The awards are not all here, and it is not necessary
that they should be all filed in Washington city
until an appropriation has been made to pay them.
The communication to which I have refered is as
follows:
Office of Commissions, )
Salem, Oregon, November 23, 1853. $
Sir : I have been quite busily engaged, for the past few
davs, in examining the books of the Cayuse war, in order
i to ascertain, as near as practicable, the whole co^t of that
I war. I find, aft^r '-aid examination, that the whole cost of
\ the Cayuse wav will amount to one hundred and seventy-
1 five thousand dollars, (^175,000,) needing another appro-
j prinhon ot seventy five thousand dollars (.#7o,00U) to cover
! the full expenses of «aid war.
Hoping that the appiopriation will bo speedrly passed for
the benefit ot those concerned, I will ever remain vour
obedient servant, CHESTER N. TEPJIY,
Commissioner on Cayuse iVar Claims.
Hon. Joseph Lane.
Now, sir, as exhibited in the books, the com-
missioner has allowed all the claims, and the
awards were allowed as granted. And permit me
to say here, that the comptroller, whom I regard
as honest a man as there is in the world, has told
: me, ovei and over, that the awards made by the
commissioner'have been made in so strict and
! correct a manner that he had not found it his duty
, to refuse the payment of a single charge.
j Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that if the
; committee think 1 ought to withdraw the amend-
ment I will do so -with pleasure, for I never would
: ask anything: which I did not think right.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to un-
, deistand whetherthegentleman from Oregon with-
!, draws his amendment.
i Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman,some of myfriends
i think it better that I should withdraw it;! am will-
: ing to do so, and leave the bill as it stands.
I The amendment was therefore withdrawn,
j Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
! do now rise, and report the bill, with the amend-
ments adopted, to the House.
The question was put, and agreed to.
! The committee accordingly rose, and the
! Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
of the committee [Mr. Seymour] took the floor
