1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
credit and resources exhausted, and our soil pol- I
luted by the presence of a foreign foe, there is no I
patriotic man in the country who would not wil-
lingly assume, and patiently endure his full share
of the genera! calamity. Rut in a time of profound
peace, and unexampled prosperity like the pres-
ent, with a surplus of thirty millions in the Treas-
ury, and a grasping and unscrupulous horde of
vultuies taxing their miserable wits, and vile in-
genuity, to devise schemes by which they may
deplete it, no man is called upon, or indeed justi-
fied, in sacrificing himself or family by serving the
Government for a compensation less than that to
which he is by his capacity or services entitled.
Sir, after all the laudation which has so repeat-
edly been here heaped upon the li prv.r soldier."
and the *' working man,"! had confidently hoped
that some gentleman would have saved me the
necessity of having to offer this amendment in
their behalf. Latterly, 1 have had no desire to
speak on those subjects, because I have a great
aversion—1 feel an utter abhorrence at the bare
thought of being confounded, even in the remotest
degree, with those hollow-hearted individuals who
clamor so loudly and incessantly about the wrongs
and sufferings of the industrious poor, while gen-
erally proverbial, where known, as among those
most instrumental in producing those wrongs, and
most inexorably rapacious in preying upon those
sufferings. 1 need not tell this House, nor the
world, that I have rendered at least as much ser-
vice to, and made as many and as bitter sacrifices
for the working classes and the poor, as any man
who ever occupied a seat upon this floor; but I
have heard so much in favor of the u hard-fisted"
working man from those who could not them-
selves be beat to a hard day's work with a club,
[laughter;] 1 have heard so much about land
monopoly from the largest land owners in the
United States; I have heard so much driveling
and impudent profession upon all those matters,
by men whose daily acts violate their professions,
that I have not only a delicacy, but an absolute
repugnance towards saying anything on such oc-
casions, when I can avoid it with anything like
justice to myself, and those whom I have, at all
times and m all places, defended when defense
was needed, and promised to effect any good.
The great evil of the present day is an entire
absence of all real faith and sincerity. We have
a plenty of empty professions. The world is
literally satiated with loud sounding professions,
as hollow as the hearts of those who make them.
Mankind now want practice, not preaching. The
Christianity of religion, and the Democracy of
politics have become mere idle abstractions, at
least with those who claim to be the chosen ex-
pounders and defenders of each. Their great,
humanizing mission is treated as an obsolete idea,
and is chiefly used by heartless hypocrites as an
effective means of gulling the multitude whom
they are plundering, while deluding. If we are
to have aristocrats, and there does not seem to be
any likelihood of getting rid of them very soon,
let them be men of diamond breastpins, Spanish
cloaks, gaudy equipages, and a bearing as proud
as the promptings of their hearts would have it.
Let us have men who openly avow their purpose
to the world, and advertise their intention of ren-
dering the rights and interests of all subservient
to their own luxurious enjoyment and personal
gratification, and while I cannot approve the heart-
lessness of such conduct, while I despise and
detest the craven servility of the masses who sub-
mit to it, I cannot but admire the boldness and
independence, which, seeking no justification be-
yond its own caprice and power, indignantly
spurns concealment. I can stand almost anything
which is open, bold, and manly, but 1 loathe, de-
test, and execrate grasping avarice, and intolerant
purse proud aristocracy, when, hypocritically as-
suming the garb of mock humility, it unblush-
ingly styles itself "Democracy, and the poor
man's friend."
[Here the hammer fell.]
[Cries of " Go on!" '* Go on!" all over the
Hall.]
Mr. 1NGERS0LL obtained the floor in oppo-
sition to the amendment, but yielded to Mr.
Walsh.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York wish to oppose the amendment?
Mr. WALSH. No, sir; i do not belong to
those who blow both hot and cold on the game
question. I would inquire of the Chair if further
amendment be now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WALSH. Then I move an increase of
one dollar more per month to the proposed pay of
the soldiers.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
move to amend his own amendment, but he may
move to amend that portion of the bill proposed to
be stricken out.
Mr. ORR. J. move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, by reducing the
proposed pay of privates from eighteen dollars to
■ eleven dollars. I have no remark to make.
Mr. WALSH. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. It must be well known to all that our
Army differs essentially in certain respects from
all other armies. It does not move and act,
during times like the present, in large bodies. It
is sparsely scattered over a vast frontier, where
it is often absolutely necessary that a single soldier
shall rely exclusively on his own individual intel-
ligence—where he has no one but himself to con-
sult, and consequently he should be a man of
much higher intelligence and energy, than can be
procured, in any number, for less than twenty
dollars a month. Five thousand of the right
sort of men, sir, are far better for our purposes
than seven, or even ten thousand, of those who
can, as a general thing, be entrapped at the present
shamefully pitiful prices. It may, and doubtless
is, perfectly appropriate, that a heartless, grasp-
ing, and inexorable wretch in private life, should
take every possible advantage of the necessities
of his fellow men, but it is utterly disgraceful in
a great, wealthy, and prosperous nation, like
| ours, to imitate the base example. Its duty is to
j protect—not prey upon—the misfortunes of the
1 most helpless and destitute portion of its citizens,
j Poverty has been repeatedly coupled with dis-
! grace, during the debates of this session, and even
j by men, too, who affect great love for the working
j classes.
' The term loafer, has been repeatedly applied to
! the most industrious and deserving men—to men
! whose only offense has been that of being so ab-
! jectly poor, as to be compelled to accept whatever
j pittance selfishness and injustice might deign to
! offer for their services and labor. Sir, a man's
! poverty, at the present day, and at all other times
I for anything I have ever been able to learR to the
' contrary, is far oftener the result of an unshaken
i devotion to principle, far oftener the legitimate
consequence of a generous and high-toned nature,
than of any want of worth or competence in the
individual. Rich men are usually much more
indebted for their wealth to their heartlessnees
than any superior ability. How can you expect
to get soldiers for seven, or even ten dollars a
month? If they received three times what even
I propose to give them, they would, with the ex-
ception of sailors and marines, be, by far, the
worst paid persons in the service of the Grovero-
ment.
We are very ready to claim, and very desirous
of appropriating to the national fame, all the glory
which the fatigue, the privation, the peril, and the
suffering of the poor private won for our arms in
Mexico; but what was our treatment of these
same penniless heroes before they left? What
has it been since their return ? Why, sir, thebest
recruiting officer the Governmenthad in the North
during that war—and to the eternal disgrace of
those who permitted it, be it said—was the atro-
cious vagrant act. Yes; under its infamous pro-
visions hundreds of unoffending men were kid-
napped, many of them from famishing: families, to
win rags, wretchedness, and broken constitutions
(if not graves) for themselves, while winning im-
mortality for their commanders, and imperishable
glory for the nation, by which they have been
thus inhumanly outraged. Theirtreatnentin every
respect has been the same. The Government,
finding it impossible, even with the aid of this kid-
napping process, to obtain a half sufficiency of
men at seven dollars a month,offered one hundred
and sixty acres of land to each soldier who should
honorably serve during the war. Now, the Gov-
ernment price of this land is one dollar and a
quarter an acre, which would make two hundred
dollars. Why not then give them that amount
in cash? Because it would not enable those who
gave it to go in with land speculators and knansh
brokers, and realize fortunes, by plundering the ■
penniless, clothesless,and war-worn soldier on his
return.
Many of my own personal associates, among -
even the world-renowned New York volunteers*
were so necessitated, on their return home, as to
be compelled, in consequence of the combination
which then existed among the rich rascals who
speculated in land warrants, to dispose of their
warrants forlessthan twenty-five dollars. Under
the present state of things, we have generals for
Presidents, colonels for Congressmen, and pri-
vates Tor the poor house and potter's field. Ihave
no objection to the first; but I want something
better for the private than a life of suffering,
penury, and degradation, a wretched death, and
a pauper's grave. This is no mere declaration.
Many of these self-same volunteers, even, who
fought as gallantly, and suffered as uncomplain-
ingly as ever men fought or suffered, died, in the
very midst of the city they bad honored, of abso-
!|hjte want, and were interred in potter's field, and
Mnis, too, where clamorous patriotism and canting
•j philanthropy revel in the most sumptuous ana
I superabundant luxury. Numbers of others have
i only been saved from a like fate by the generous
aid of companions nearly as poor as themselves.
I trust, therefore, the committee will see the abso-
lute necessity, to say nothing of the justice, of
increasing the pay of the soldier to something
near a proper return for his services> and- I also
hope that gentlemen who have been advocating
the mechanics will evince the sincerity of their
professions by voting in favor of rny amendment.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Jones, of Ten-
| nessee, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore^ the Chairman of the committee reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration,according
to the special order of the House, Senate bill (No,
119) " to regulate the pay, and increase the effi-
ciency ©f the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes," and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consentof the
House to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interests, the correspondence between the
Secretary oi Bute and our to the Netherlands, in
the ca?e of Captain Waller M. Gibson.
Resulvedy That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to rtns House, if not incompatible
with the public interests, the correspondence from the Con-
sul General of Egypt on the subject of the expulsion of the
Greeks Irom Egypt.
The question was taken; and the resolutions
were severally adopted.
Mr. SOLLERS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at thirty-five minutes
past three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till io-mor-
! row at 11 o'clock, a. m.
IN" SENATE.
Thursday, July 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sljcer.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday. At the end of five minutes-
Mr. BRODH3EAD said: I presume it will take
half an hour to read the remainder of the Journal*.
Yesterday morning we suspended the reading of
the Journal of the previous day. I hope the same
course will be pursued now.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent. Is there objection?
Mr. CHASE. I object.
The Secretary continued, and concluded the
reading of the Journal; and it was approved.
JNfAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing thflt they had pushed a bill making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June. Itf55, in which they re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
Theabove named bill was read a first and second
time by its titlet and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
