1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1090
sire to make an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then is:
"Shall the decision of the Chair, pronouncing
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York out of order, stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. On that I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Seymour appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair state the
point?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition under
consideration is the proviso to the third section,
which declares that " the benefits of this act shall
not extend to any person who shall now, or at
any time hereafter, be the husband of more than
one wife." The preceding portion of this bill re-
lates to the donation of lands to the settlers in the
Territory of Utah. The gentleman from New
~ York proposes to add to this section the amend-
ment which has just been read by the Clerk. The
Chair rules that the proposed amendment is not
in order, for the reason that it is not germane to
the bill; and rules it out of order under the 55th
rule, which says:
<fNo motion or proposition, on a subjpct different from
that under consideration, shall be admitted under color of
amendment."
" No motion or proposition, differing from that
under consideration, can be admitted under color
of an amendment." The proposition under con-
sideration is the donation of lands to actual set-
tlers, and proposes to restrict that donation. The
proposition of the gentleman from New York
proposes to repeal certain laws now in force in
the Territory of Utah.
Mr. HAVEN". I wish to make one sugges-
tion at this point. The proviso itself declares that
these lands shall not be given to a man who has
more than one wife. My amendment proposes
to restrain them from having more than one wife.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order. The question is, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it be in order
to ask the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven"]
whether the law which he proposes to repeal has
ever been before this House?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
pending question is simply one of parliamentary
law.
[Cries of" (Question!" " Question !"]
The tellers then took their places; and the ques-
tion being taken, the tellers reported—ayes 76,
noes 50.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by
the committee.
Mr. PARKER. I propose to amend by add-
ing at the end of the proviso the following:
But nothing herein contained shall be taken as implying
that bigamy or polygamy can in any manner be sanctioned.
Mr. ORR. 1 rise to a question of order. The
same point of order made on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York, which
the committee has just decided out of order, ap-
plies to this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ctiuir sustains the
point of order, and decides the amendment to be
out of order.
Mr. READY obtained the floor.
Mr. KERR. I respectfully appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's appeal
comes too late. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Ready] had been recognized by the Chair,
and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. READY. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer. If, however, the gentleman from
North Carolina desires to appeal from the decision
of the Chair, 1 will yield him the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. ORR. There is no difference between the
application of this amendment and that the com-
mittee have just ruled out of order.
Mr. PARKER. There is a marked difference.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order. Does the gentle-
man appeal from his decision ?
Mr. KERR. I think the amendment is in
order; but I will not appeal.
Mr. READY. I move to amend by adding at
the end of the proviso the following:
And that any person who shall at any time have more
than one living wife shall forfeit all right to any lands ac-
quired under this act.
My object in presenting that amendment, sir,
is to eradicate the evil of polygamy by the roots.
[Great laughter.] I regard it as an excrescence
on the body-politic. [Renewed laughter.] The
proviso to this bill does not reach the evil. You
may pass the bill with the proviso, and still the
polygamist may indulge in this practice with im-
punity, afterwards as well as before. What is he
to do? You say that if he has more than one
wife he shall not be entitled to the benefit of this
act. You permit him to avail himself of the ben-
efits of this act, haying but one wife, and when he
has obtained his three hundred and twenty acres
of land from the Government—when he has per-
fected his title, then you allow him to go and
marry fifty wives, if he can find so many to have
him. Therefore, I propose this amendment with
a view of making a forfeiture of his right to the
land which he may have acquired by his grant
from the Government, if he shall afterwards in-
dulge m this unlawful practice.
Mr. Chairman, 1 diflerwith the gentlemen who
seem to be of the opinion that Congress has no
right or power to interfere with this subject.
Certainly, so far as the constitutional right of this
body is concerned, there can be no question. The
Constitution declares that " Congress shall have
power to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty belonging to the United States." What are
we doing here? Are we not proposing, by legis-
lation, to make certain needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the teiritory of the United States ?
We are pioposing to disposeof a large portion of
this territory. We are making discriminations in
disposing of that territory. We are saying that
a married man shall be entitled to three hundred
and twenty acres, while a single man shall be only
entitled to one hundred and sixty acres. And
have we not the same right to provide that a man
who has committed a crime shall not be entitled
to the benefits of this law? Suppose that a man
had forfeited the right to the protection of his
Government by the commission of crimes; sup-
pose that he had been convicted of infamous
crimes, crimes which, in the language of law,
rendered him infamous, deprived him of certain
great rights, the right of citizenship, the right of
suffrage, the right of testifying as a witness, the
right of holding offices of honor and trust, would
it not be as competent, under the Constitution,
for Congress, in passing laws to dispose of this
territory, to say that such a man should not be
entitled to the benefits of this law? Certainly, sir.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STU ART, of Michigan. I move to strike
out the word act," and in lieu thereof to insert
the word "section." It seems to be the intehtion
of the commitee to exclude from the benefits of
this act all persons who may be in the category
of a polygamist. The sixth and seventh sections
of the act provide for the operation of the pre-
emption law. The language employed in this
proviso would exclude all persons m the Ter-
ritory with more than one wife from the enjoy-
ment of the preemption privilege, from the right
of entering or purchasing land, which I suppose
is a larger exclusion than is designed by those
who favor the retention of the proviso.
The proviso is:
" That the benefits of this act shall not extend to any
person who shall now, or at any time hereafter, be the bus-
band of more than ono wifu."
That language, of course, includes the whole
act, subsequent sections of which provide for the
extension of the preemption privilege, and the
power of purchasing public lands. I suppose the
object of the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, in introducing that proviso, was to ex-
clude the polygamists from these donations, and '
not to exclude them from the purchase of public
land, if they think fit to pay for it. It seems to
me, therefore, that the word *' section" should be
substituted for " bill," in case the proviso is al-
lowed to stand.
The CHAIRMAN". The amendment indicated j
by the gentleman from Michigan cannot be enter-
tained at this moment, as there is an amendment
to the amendment already pending. The Chair
considered the gentleman from Michigan as speak-
ing in opposition to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr, Ready.]
Mr. KERR. I was about to raise that point.
The gentleman from Michigan has not spoken in
opposition to the amendment, and I want to op-
pose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair felt disposed
to indulge the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. KERR. What is the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee?
The Clerk again read Mr. Ready's amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. My amendment will apply
as well to that amendment as to the original pro-
viso.
Mr. KERR. Is the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee an amendment to an amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending to strikeout the proviso, and the gentle-
man from Tennessee proposes to amend the pro-
viso.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ready's
amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. KEITT. I move to amend the proviso by
striking out the word " act," and inserting " sec-
tion" in lieu thereof.
Mr. Chairman, a question has arisen in this
debate as to the power of Congress to inter-
fere in the domestic relations of the Territories,
I desire to submit a suggestion or two to the com-
mittee on that point. If it were an interference
with such relations within a sovereign State, there
could be no question as to the incompetency of
Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. In the ooinion of the
Chair, the gentleman from South Carolina is not
confining himself within the rule.
Mr. KEITT. I merely desire to throw out
some suggestions for the consideration of the
committee. You propose now to interfere in the
domestic relations of these Territories. You say
that no man shall have two wives. Where do you
get the power to do that? In fact, where do you
get the power to legislate at all for the Territories?
Therigntto acquire carries with it the right to
govern, you say. But to*what limitations is the
right to govern subjected ? To all the restrictions
and limitations contained in the Federal Constitu-
tion. The power to legislate is, at best, an im-
plied power; and all such powers should be used
with great caution. Now, if Congress has a right
to say that no man in the Territories shall have
more than one wife, may it not say that no man
shall have a wife at all? If it can prescribe the
number of wives, may it not altogether abrogate
the marital relation?
I ask the question for information. If Congress
can determine that there shall be no polygamy,
may not Congress also determine that there shall
be no marriage union whatever? Cannot Congress
go a step further, and say that there shall be no
parental relation? What power is involved in the
decision of this question ? Is not sovereignty in-
volved? Is not sovereignty necessarily implicated
in the right to arrange and manipulate the vital
relations of a community? If so, where'is sov-
ereignty lodged ? In the inhabitants of the Ter-
ritory ? Sir, I have scarcely even contempt for the
piebald doctrine of "squatter sovereignty." Is
it in the Federal Government? This assumption
of power would aggrandize this Government with
a ruthless, overshadowing, and avveing central
despotism. Where is it, then? In the people of
Ike several sovereign Stales.
If, then, this exercise of power appertains to
sovereignty, how will you reach the evil alluded to?
The declamation of gentlemen may bubble up,
but it will never moisten the roots of any constitu-
tional right. In truth, sir, an exigency has arisen
which was never contemplated by the framers
of the Constitution. To meet this, you propose
to swell the powers of Congress by construc-
tion. Do this, and you will soon burst the bands
of a Federative Union, and weld the fragments
of the Constitution into a consolidated despotism.
The first step in this always is an amplification of
power by construction. Sir, I think polygamy a
burning shame upon any community. 1 abhor
all trifling with the marital tie; all conjugal licen-
tiousness; and 1 will extirpate this disgraceful
evil as quickly and as sharply as any man, if I
