1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting,) Mr. Speak-
er, I submit that under the rule—I having ad-
dressed the Chair before the motion was made for
the committee to rise and report the bill to the
House—that it is not in order to make a final re-
port, asking the sanction of the House to it, till
the amendment is acted on.
The SPEAKER. That is an action which has
reference to the committee, and not to the House.
It is tuo late now to mention the matter.
Mr. SEYMOUR, Chairman of the committee,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under their considera-
tion, according to order, House bill No. 49, and
had directed him to report it to the House, with
sundry amendments, and with the recommendation
that the bill, as amended, do pass.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state his pioposition.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it is not a just one ifc
may be decided in a moment. I do not desire to
detain the House, but inasmuch as I have been
deprived of my privilege, I now move to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not the floor at this time for any such
proposition.
The SPEAKER then informed the House that
the Chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had reported that the com-
mittee had had under consideration the deficiency-
bill, and had made sundry amendments, and recom-
mended that the bill and amendments do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion, and let the previ-
ous question be seconded, and the main question
ordered, and then renew his motion.
[Many voices, " That is ri^ht."]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I now move that the
House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House, accordingly, (at half past three
o'clock,) adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 9, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburx.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Mrs.
Nannie Denman, widow of Lieutenant F. J. Den-
man, of the United States Army, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensons. •
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
the State of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the ratification of a treaty whereby a reciprocal
international copyright is proposed between this
country and Great Britain; which was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of the
heirs and representatives of Colonel George Gib-
son, praying five years' commutation pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the memorial of George Mattingly, pray-
ing the United States to confirm his title to square
four hundred and ninety-five, sold to him by mis-
take by the corporation of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition, numerously
signed by citizens of Delaware, remonstrating
against the passage of any bill which will permit
the introduction of slavery now or at any future
time into any portion of the Territory of Nebraska;
•which was ordered to lie on the table
Also, a memorial of citizens of the State of
Delaware, praying a further appropriation foij^he
completion of the piers at Reedy Island; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Rebecca Bright, widow of Jacob Bright, praying
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented documents in relation
to the claim of the heirs of Major Andrew Leitch,
deceased, praying interest upon seven years' half
pay allowed under an act of 20th June, 1834;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented a document contain-
ing statistical information ill relation to the line
of mall steamers proposed to be established by
Christian Hansen between Brooklyn, New York,
and certain ports in Europe; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a petition of Horatio Seymour, and other
citizens of New York, praying that the bill to
secure the rights of citizenship to children of citi-
zens of the United States born abroad, may be-
come a law in the form it which it passed the
House of Representatives; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, the petition of Joseph Goyette, one of the
descendants of John B. Laboute, a captain during
the war of the Revolution, praying to be allowed
bounty land and commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, a petition of voters of Bergen and its vi-
cinity, in the State of New York, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill to organize the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clinton county,
New York, praying the passage of a law to grant
to the officers and soldiers of the Army ot the
United States, in the second war of independence,
one hundred and sixty acres of land; or, if de-
ceased, to their widows and heirs-at-law; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray-
ing the prohibition of the sale of slaves for debts
due the United States; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Elizabeth
Summers, widow of Cornelius Summers, who
served in the last war with Great Britain as a sub-
stitute for one Gray, praying to be allowed bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Thomas
B Eastland, late major and quartermaster in the
Army in the war with Mexico, praying to be
credited with an amount of money disallowed by
the United States in the settlement of his accounts,
and compensation for the performance of certain
services not m the line of his duty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of John H. Thompson and
others, composing a company of volunteers raised
under a call byMa|or General Gaines, during the
war with Mexico, praying to be allowed the pay
due them; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Also, the petition of John H. Thompson, pray-
ing payment for provisions and provender fur-
nished to a company of mounted men, raised for
service in Mexico, under a call by Major General
Gaines; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a joint resolution ex-
planatory of an act entitled "An act for the relief
of Abigail Stafford;" which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
! Mr. CLAY, from the Committee of Claims,
1 to which was referred the bill from the House of
[ Representatives for the relief of Gray, McMurdo,
, & Co., reported it without amendment.
| He also, from the same committee, to whom was
1 referred the memorial of Benedict J. Heard, sub-
I mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
! lief; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ji ing-
II THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
jj Mr. BRIGHT moved that 5,000 additional
ii copies be printed of the report of the Secietary of
!j War', communicating copies of all reports of the
I! en«ineers and other persons employed to make ex-
|! plorations and surveys to ascertain the most prac-
ticable and economical route for & railroad from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean thathave
been received at that Department.
The motion was referred to the Committed on ;
Printing. • I
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. 9
The bill from the House of Representatives,
granting the right of way. to the St. Louis aiid
Iron Mountain Railroad Company, through the
arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barrack tracts,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
INDIGENT INSANE PERSONS.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to ask the indulgence of
the Senate this morning to allow me to call up the
bill making a grant of public lands to the several
States and Territories of the Union for the benefit
of indigent insane persons. I desire to remark
that this bill was referred, at an early day of the
session, to the Committee on Public Lands, and
early reported by that committee, and it stands
upon the general orders in advance of all other
bills making appropriations of public lands. I
should be entirely willing to allow it to be taken
up in the order in which it stands on the Calen-
dar, if the practice of the Senate would allow it
to be reached in that order; hut the practice, as
our experience has taught us, is that bills stand-
ing in the rear of it are from day to day taken up,
and made special orders in advance of it. I there-
fore desire to have this bill taken up at the present
time.
I may remark, however, that if any Senator pres-
ent shall express his determination or desire to dis-
cuss the bill, 1 will not ask the Senate to proceed
with its consideration at this time. I do not desire
to interpose this or any other question in the way
of the consideration of the pending special order;
neither do 1 desire that when this bill shall be taken
uo and presented to the consideration of the Sen-
ate, if it shall elicit discussion, that that discussion
shall be interrupted, but that it may proceed until
the action of the Senate be finally had upon the
bill. Therefore, if any Senator shall express a
desire to debate the measure, I will only move
that it be made the special order for some early
day, with the understanding that the Senate on that
day, if it shall not be in the way of any other
special order, will take it up, debate it, act upon
it, and finally dispose of it.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded , as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I understood the Senator to say
that if there were objections to the bill, he desired
to fix a day for its consideration. With that un-
derstanding I did not object to taking it up, but
for one, I never can consent to vest the title of
lands in one State for'any purposein other States.
An important principle is involved in the bill, and
i I shall certainly object to its passage,
l Mr. FOOT. What 1 said, Mr. President, was,
1 that if any Senator present desired to debate the
' bill, to occupy any time m the discussion of it,
I would agree to make it the special order for
some early day, and would not press its consid-
eration at the present time; but if there be no ob-
jection, causing delay in the action of the Senate
'on the bill, I should desire to have a vote now.
The amendment to the bill, reported from the
committee, in the form of a substitute for the
whole bill, was read by the Secretary.
Mr. PKTT1T. I propose to discuss the bill
when it shall come up fully before us for action.
I now desire to offer an amendment to it. 1 am
I not prepared, from the reading of the bill, to say in
1 what section it should be inserted. It_<®nt how-
; ever, be inserted in the proper place. The object
I of the amendment is to confine the grant of lands
i to the States in which the public lands lie. It is
I as follows:
I Provided That all the grantsof lands provided for bv this
1 act Iha 1 be confined to such States as have pub he land. m
; to,!, equal to the amount hereby granted to such State.
' Mr FOOT. That amendment is, of course,
! entirely inconsistent with all the provisions of the
bill Inasmuch as the Senator from Indiana ex-
presses his determination to discuss the bill, I will
move agreeably to the announcement with which
I called it up, that its further consideration be
postponed until Monday next, and made the spe-
cial order for that day.
