1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
follows as a matter of course as soon as the hus-
band finds he is getting mora children than he can
support. Sir, human nature is just the same in
every land. Do you think Abdul Medjid, with
three hundred and seventy wives, has been the
father of only five children? it is impossible.
[Applause and laughter.] The bodies of dead in-
fants float on the sapphiie tide of the Bosphorus,
and the Light of many a harem, from the destruc-
tion of her offspring, has been lost among the
dark shadows of the cypress of Scutari. There
is not a drug shop in an Oriental city but sell
the means of destroying the new-born. And,
being warned of these things, let us not fix this
plague-spot upon the route to the golden gate of
the Pacific, the western pathway of empire. Pos-
terity, sir, will anathematize this kind of legisla-
tion to the latest years of the Republic. Weal)
shall die, crumble to dust, our names be lost in
oblivion, but the principle we establish by im-
plication, as the ghost of Hamlet's father, will
evidence against us when we have passed away.
jLet us meet this subject, discourage it, condemn
it, reject it. And, sir, it will be an honorable
precedent, not for a day, but for all time.
The Mormons have been spoken of as a per-
secuted people—a martyred people, driven from
State to State. With their sorrows I sympa-
thize, for their griefs I grieve; but it seems a cu-
rious way to console them for the past by asking
Congress to sanction polygamy in the future. It
is said that this practice existed in the days of
Solomon. True. The running after the strange
women of Egypt, the falling from grace in the
service of God, was the great reason of Solomon's
reign, after a glorious day, ending with a lurid
sunset. And from his loins issued that undutiful
heir, whose unjust acts was the scourge of Israel;
for plurality of wives destroys young men, and
debuses old. The light of the Prophets went out
the night Jesus was crucified. The Old Dispen-
sation was fulfilled, and a day of progress was
brought in under the rays of a New Testament,
from whose teachings our nationality sprang into
existence. Lamarttne beautifully said: " Jeru-
salem was the sepulcher of the Old World, and the
cradle of the New." Let us, as Christians, fol-
low and legislate in the doctrines of Christ, not of
Joe Smith; let us take the holy Gospel, not the
Book of Mormon.
One idea further, in continuation. Point me to
a nation where polygamy is practiced, and I will
point you to heathens and barbarians. It seriously
affects the prosperity of States, it retards civiliza-
tion, it uproots Christianity. The Ottomans or
Turks are the best specimens of this system; and
although they import, and have for centuries, the
most beautiful women from the mountains of
Georgia and of the valleys of Circassia, those free
and brainful countries, Tartar maidens from
beyond the Caspian, and the Arabian girls from
Yemen, yet, effeminacy and weakness, lack of in-
tellectual strength, bodily energy, national decay,
is its sad, unfailing result, while the Greeks, the
Jews, and the Armenians have increased in num-
bers and enterprise under the iron heel of their
rnerciless oppressors. Who fought the battles
of the Turks since the day of Mahomet II.? Un-
der Achmet, Amurath, Sehm, and Mahmound?
Under whose leadership did they become a terror
to Europe? It was the renegade and apostate
Croates, Walcharens, Greeks, Poles, and Hunga-
rians. Under their commands they victoriously
floated the Crescent over the battlements of Bel-
grade, over the towers of Pesfh, and by the walls
of Vienna. But for the god-likegallaritry of Stah-
renberg, they might have swept on to the Elbe
and the Rhine.
The Moors, after seven hundred years in Spain,
were driven hence—though best and bravest of
all the Moslems—a nation of polygamists and
voluptuaries. Their last stronghold, Granada,
fell before the pious sovereigns of Castile and
Arragon. I will quote the rebuke given Boabdil
el Chico by his heroic mother on his weakness at
the surrender of his kingdom. <( You do well,"
said she, " to weep like a woman for what you
failed to defend like a man."
it has been doubted by gentlemen whether this
clause is constitutional; yet, with the following
words in relation to the powers of Congress, ten-
der must be their scruples if they doubt it. Section
third of the Constitution of the United States reads
as follows?
" Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the Territories."
This is one of the necessary regulations—one
of the wholesome rules. We are told by the Del-
egate from Utah [Mr. Bernhisel] that it is an
" ecclesiastical establishment," a religious law,
and over such many strict constitutional construc-
tionists believe we have no control. The Thugs or
stranglers of men, the Phansegars, the Buddhists,
who worship Juggernaut, the Seftis, who perform
every year human saci ifices, all have a right to
practice their abominations under the territorial
government of the United States, if once settled
here. They all have an equal claim to their " re-
ligious establishment," no matter how demoral-
izing or inhuman, over which it is said Congress
has no right to interfere or to control; but that we
have power to prevent giving a bounty for its
encouragement, I think 1 have fairly shown. If
the many-wifed demoralizers get outnumbered by
the virtuous single-wifed,a wise State government
may yet be formed that will do honor and credit to
the Union. Let us nip this evil in the bud, for the
sake of morality, religion, and Christianity. Marc
Antony was the first polygamistof all the Romans.
Mark his fate. The conqueror of Phillipt, like the
builder of the temple of the Lord, fell before the
Circean spells of the Syrens of Egypt. The
fugitive of Actiumdied ingloriously in the arms of
Cleopatra. This foul system was encouraged by
the Emperors Theodosius, Honorius, Arcadius,
and by Valentinian, by an express law, in the
year 393. When the name of the Roman empire
was Ichabod—its glory had departed.
Sir, this is a
"Monster of so frightful mien
As, to be hated, needs but to be seen ;
Yet, seen too ott, Ikinilmi with her face,
We first endure, limn j'ify, then embrace."
By the blessed memory of those virtuous spirits
who battled for liberty not licentiousness it
should be blotted out, as a stigma, a dishonor, a
disgrace, from existence on trie soil of North
America. [Sensation, and cries of "Good!"
"Good!" " Well done!"]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will remark that I
agree with my colleague, that in killing the cock-
atrice you hurt the egg, but which end of the egg?
[A laugh.]
Mr. PARKER. Is there an amendment pend-
ing?
The CHAIRMAN. The only amendment
pending is that offered originally by the gentleman
from Utah, to strike out the proviso.
Mr. PARKER. I move to amend the section
in the nineteenth line, by inserting after the word
" husband" the words " guilty of being," so that
the proviso will then read:
Jlnd provided further, That the benefits of this act shall
not extend to any person who shall now, or at any time
hereafter, be guilty of being the hu&band of more than one
wife.
Mr. Chairman, I am gratified to observe that
there is, so far as I can learn, but one sentiment
in this committee in reference to the crime of big-
amy or polygamy. The faces of all of us are
against it. I rather incline to the belief that there
is not one exception to the rule. I believe even
the gentleman from Utah himself is not an excep-
tion, for since he has occupied a seat upon this
floor, he has not, to my knowledge, said one word
m favor of it; and during this discussion he has
not opened his mouth in its defense. The ques-
tion then simply is, in what shape shall we meet
this crime. My friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Kerr} objects to the adoption of this proviso,
because it is meeting the question indirectly. He
prefers marching directly up to it, and in the
common parlance of the day, taking the bull by
the horns. He is for declaring at once that polyg-
amy shall be deemed a crime. Well, sir, suppose
you do make that declaration, what will be the
effect? It has been tolerated in that Territory
ever since the Territory was organized; and they
do not deem it to be a crime there. It cannot be
found in their statutes, and you cannot, by an-
nulling any of their laws, reach it. You cannot
reach it in any other way than through the or-
ganic law of the Territory; and if in that way
you declare it a crime, and the crime is still com-
mitted there, how can you execute the law ?
How are you to execute it?
1 say, then, that it is impossible to reach it di-
rectly by any law upon'your statute book* and
that it cannot be more effectually reached than in
the form proposed in this section. It can be
reached in this manner, and in this form it is per-
fectly legitimate.
I have introduced this amendment for the pur-
pose of satisfying what seemed to be an objec-
tion with the gentleman from New York, and
others, who think, as the phraseology of the mat-
ter stands, that there is an implication that we
can recognise this thing. With the amendment,
that implication is destroyed. We declare, in
fact, that we regard it as a crime, and thus save
the objection on that score. It seems to me that,
with such an amendment, we can let this matter
stand, and stand with propriety, to discountenance
this heinous crime, in the estimation of every
member of the committee.
Mr. COBB. I move a pro forma amendment for
the purpose of answering some of the remarks
made by my colleague in the early part of this
day's session. I am glad to find, though an hum-
ble member as I know I am, on this floor, that
in opposing the striking out of this proviso, strong
minds and strong nerves have come to my rescue,
notwithstanding the strict scrutiny, and, I might
say, the instigation from my distinguished col-
league; notwithstanding his attempt to throw the
opposition into ridicule, I have been sustained.
The gentleman proposes to discriminate. I
would ask him whether we do not discriminate
in this very section? Do you hear any complaint
from my worthy colleague on that subject? We
exclude adult females from the provision of this
bill. Why should he parade himself, then, in
reference to the exclusion of the Mormons with
more wives than one? I say that it is the duty
of Congress to prescribe to whom it will give
this land, when it makes a clear donation without
equivalent. I hope that, after the gigantic appeals
we have heard, his conscience, if not his judg-
ment, will lead him to favor the retention of the
proviso.
Mr. PARKER. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, if there be no objection, so that thegentleman
may offer one which he has, and which I prefer.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out of the
proviso all after the word "hereafter," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words " live with or have more
than one woman as his wife, under color of law;"
so that the proviso will read, if the amendment be
adopted, as follows:
"And provided further, That the benefits of this act shall
not, extend to any person who shall now, or at any time
hereatter, live with or have more than one woman as his
wile, under color of law."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Tennessee has been
adopted, and incorporated in the proviso. Does
tile gentleman propose to strike any portion of it
out?
Mr. HUGHES. I do not propose to inter-
fere with the amendment adopted, but to insert
mine as it has been read by the Clerk. I offer
the amendment for the purpose of obviating the
difficulty of the criticism on this section which
has been indulged in by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson-.] He and some other gen-
tlemen have raised objections to this section, from
the fact that it seems to infer that polygamy le-
gally exists in some portions of the Territory.
The provision, as I propose to amend it, would
do away altogether with the idea of legality. It
merely involves the idea that there is a custom
prevailing in the Territory—a claim that, under
the color of law, a man may have more than one
woman as a wife. But the idea of the legal rela-
tion of h usband and wife under such circumstances,
is entirely done away with in my amendment.
My amendment also substitutes the word " pro-
visions" for the word "benefits," contained in
the proviso. I have made that alteration for the
reason that it might be inferred from the proviso,
unless so amended, that the benefits of the bill are
not conferred upon these parties, because it is a
'sufficient benefit to have more than one wife. I
think the* word " provisions" is better than " ben-
efits," as I suppose women in Utah are like women
all the world over; and there might be some cavii
as to whether it was a real benefit for a man to
have more than one wife, if Mrs. Caudle's cur-
tain lectures have penetrated into that distant
region, and if the curtain lectures there are of the
