1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
means which we had of getting redress for the
non-performance of your plighted faith."
After various attempts at negotiation, after the
matter had been talked overatParisand at Wash-
ington, repeatedly, and again and again brought
to the consideration of the two Governments, it
"was finally settled that these claims should be mu-
tually merged, that they should be mutually
abandoned—that Prance, in consideration of our
abandoning and releasing her from her liability to
our citizens for these spoliations committed against
the laws of war, and in consideration of our no
longer importuning her to pay for them, would
release us from the non-performance of our en-
gagements entered into in our treaty with her
during the revolutionary war, for mutual defense
and protection. That,! understand, is the case
precisely.
I voted for this bill years ago in the other House.
I then gave it a more thorough examination than
I have now given it. What I have now stated is
from general recollection, having no documents or
particular dates before me; but the substance of
my remarks will be found to be literally true, and
to comport entiiely with history.
Now, sir, m what condition does this place us, is
the next question ? We, as the sovereigns of the
individuals of this country, or us their guardians,
if you prefer that term, have appropriated the debts
due our wards, the people of the United States, to
liquidate our own debts. That is as good an illus-
tration as I can give of it. A guardian is indebted
to A, and A is indebted to the ward. The guard-
ian goes to A, and telis him, " Sir, you owe money
to my ward." That is precisely what we told
France: "You owe our citizens, whose interests
we are bound to protect." In the case which I
have put, the guardian says to A, " I demand
that you shall pay this bond m favor of my ward,
or that you shall pay him for the trespass you
have committed, or the violation of his rights." A
says, " I will not do it; you are the guardian, it
is true; but here is your bond, and according to it
you owe me so much. Now, why not settle this
matter with me, and go back to your own house
and settle with your ward as you can ? You owe
this amount, and more. Then cancel this debt,
receipt to me for what I owe your ward, and I will
receipt to you for what you owe me, and then
you may go and settle with your ward as you
please."
Well, sir, it is not only mutually stipulated so
to do,"but it is actually carried out and is done.
The guardian gives A. full receipt and discharge;
that is nothing more nor less than your release of
the debt, and nothing more nor less than you have
done by yo,ur treaty with France. You have
exonerated,absolved,and discharged,and released
France from these liabilities long and long ago,
more than half a century ago—so long, that those
to whom the debts were first due, and justly due,
as 1 hold, have long since, almost without excep-
tion, been swept from the face of earth and gone
to their long homes, leaving heirs to wrangle with
Congress and the Government for their just dues.
Well, sir, the debt is released; the guardian re-
leases A, and takes a receipt in return for what
is due from him. In what condition in law, in
equity, and, much more, in morals, does it place
the guardian ? I ask you, if he can go home to his
ward and tell him, "Sir, true 1 have released
this bond, as I had the power to do, and dis-
charged your debtor A, but I will not pay you my-
self." Sir, in your private life would not such a
man be scorned and hooted from any community?
I feel precisely in that situation here. While
I am clothed with authority or power anywhere
for the public interest, I will, at least, be as honest
in the service of those who sent me here as I wti'uld
feel^hat honor and honesty required me to be in
individual transactions. Sir, I desire to represent,
and will represent, no constituency who would not
allow me to say, " take as much money from our
pockets as shall be necessary honorably to dis-
charge our public engagements."
It is suggested that it is one o'clock, the time
for the special order, and if it is desirable to go
on with that business I will give way now, and
resume my remarks hereafter. I had desired to
say something further, but I give way.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to, and-nmde
the order of the day for half past twelve o'clOTk,
to-morrow.
CHARLES GORDON.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am instructed, by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Charles Gordon, and that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims. I will say, that the docu-
ments in the case made a favorable impression on
the minds of the members of the committee as to
the justice of the claim; but as it was thought that
thejurisdiction of the subject belonged to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and as there was some testi-
mony wanting, it was resolved that the Senate
should be asked to discharge the Committee on
Public Lands, and to refer the memorial to the
Committee of Claims.
It was so ordered.
BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill and resolution; which had pre-
viously received the signature of the Speaker of
the House:
"An act to regulate the disbursement of the
contingent fund of the Senate, and for other pur-
poses."
" A resolution authorizing an increase of the
force employed in the office of the Superintendent
of the Public Printing."
NEBRASICA TERRITORY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to establish a Territorial Government in Ne-
braska.
Mr. SMITH proceeded to address the Senate,
and when he had spoken an hour antt a half,
Mr. SEWARD. It is apparent to the Senator
that he cannot conclude his remarks to-day. 1
beg leave, therefore, with his consent, to submit
the motion that the further consideration of the
subject be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH. I did desire to finish my re-
marks to-day, but I see that I cannot possibly
do it.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideiation of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I shall have to object to that
arrangement. There are a good many Senators
here—perhaps myself among the number—who
desnre to speak upon this question;, but if we go
on, allowing the Senate to adjourn upon a speech
of an hour and a half each day, it will be utterly
impossible to arrive at a decision of the question for
many weeks to come. Now, if the Senator will pro-
ceed with his remarks until the usual hour of ad-
journment of the Senate, I shall have no objection,
if he should not have got through with his remarks
then, to a postponement until to-morrow. But I
do not see that the Senator is greatly exhausted
by his remarks this morning; and I would prefer
still more of the dose to-day, that I may have the
less to take to-morrow. Therefore it is that I am
not willing to agree to the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I do not choose, after the re-
marks of the Senator from California, who sug-
gests that I should go on until the usual hour of
adjournment 
Mr. WELLER. Mr, President 
Mr. SMITH. I do not yield the floor. The
gentleman says, he wants to get as much of the
dose to-day as possible, so that he may have as
little as possible to-morrow. That is a remark
made by a Senator of the United States, and in
the presence of the whole American Senate. It
is an eminently characteristic remark. That is all
I have to say about it. 1 am perfectly willing
that the honorable Senator shall display hiim-
self 
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SMITH. He may make such displays as
he pleases. I have nothing in reserve but silent
contempt for such conduct.
Mr. WELLER, If the Senate will indulge
me, I said nothing, in my judgment, calculated to
give offense to the Senator* 1 may say, I did not
intend it. I did not say whether the dose was
palatable or unpalatable. I desired to have as
much of it to-day as possible, if the Senator would
allow it, in order that we might have the less of it
to-morrow. I do not know what 1 have said that
should have provoked the indignation of the Sena-
tor from Connecticut. He well knows, of course,
the opinion I entertain of him. I have never re-
garded him as a gentleman, and, as a matter of
course, I would not have intruded myself at this
time upon the Senate for the purpose of offending
him. I am sure such was not intended. The re-
lations which we have heretofore sostaified were
well understood by the Senate. It is a matter of
no sort of importance to' me whether the Senator
regards me with contempt or not. All that I de-
sired, in the remark which I made, was to hasten
the determination of this question. I made that i&i
good faith, because I desired to bring it to a vote
in the Senate at the very earliest day 1 could ob- *
tain.
Now, so far as the language of the Senator is
concerned, I have no reply to make to it. At the
previous Congress, I was compelled from public-
consideration to give my opinion of hirii. That
was heard by the Senate. I have no disposition
to repeat it now. I cherish no unkind feelings to
him. He took occasion, some years ago, when
I was commissioner upon the boundary survey
between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico, to make unfounded charges against me.
When I came here as a Senator from that glorious
State upon the Pacific, I took^occasion to demon-
strate that the charges against me were false and
unfounded. He had not the manliness then to say
that he had fallen into an error. 'He made no ex-
planation. He neither attempted to justify nor to
explain himself. I was then compelled to make
use of language that I had trusted I never would
be compelled to make use of in the American Sen-
ate. In what I said to-day, I intended no offense
to him, nor to any other Senator; for when I desire
to insult, those who know me know that 1 am not
m the habit of using equivocal language. Such
was not my design to-day.
I ought perhaps to apologize to the Senate—to
the Senator I shall not—for the very innocent
manner in which I have been drawn into this per-
sonal discussion here to-day. If I said anything,
therefore, at the outset, which was calculated to
wound the feelings of any Senator, I cheerfully
withdraw it. But my opinion of the Senator
from Connecticut, as a matter of course, remains
unchanged.
Mr. SMITH, The remarks which the Sena-
tor has now made are not of such a nature as to
lead me to change the feeling with which ( look
upon them. What he has said has very little to
do with the question before us, and it is not ne-
cessary for me to make any further reply to his
remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Shields
in the chair.) Is the motion to postpone with-
drawn ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the subject be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT. I think it would be better to
postpone it until Saturday,—that will probablysuit
the Senator as well. To-morrow is private bill
day. Last Friday private bills were postponedat
one o'clock for the purpose ofconsidering this sub-
ject. I hope that will not be done to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire whether, if the
subject be postponed untilto-morrow, it being pri-
vate bill day, it would not necessarily go over un-
til Saturday?
Mr. PRATT. .Not if the Senate fix upon to-
morrow. Would it not suit the Senator as well
to conclude his speech on Saturday ?
Mr. SMITH. I am perfectly willing to do bo. .
Mr. PRATT. The Senator will have a better
opportunity of arranging his remarks.by a post-
ponement uittil Saturday. I hope the sense of the
Senate will be taken upon so postponing it.
Mr. SEWARD. If it is more agreeable to
the honorable Senatorand the Senate, I will mod-
ify my motion to postpone until Saturday.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask whether, if we
postpone this subject until to-morrow, we could
not have the entire morning hour for private bills ?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I suggest that we
should not postpone it until Saturday, but until
to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. PRATT. To-morrow is the day upon
which private bills cannot be arrested by the ob-
jection of one individual. I understand that the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] intends to
discuss at large the policy of a class of bills which
have been reported from the committee of which
I have the honor to be a member. It will not be
