1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
as the Senator from Mississippi has said, the bill
which passed fixing the compensation of the clerks
was understood to embrace the clerks of the St-ue
Department as well as the others. The Attorney-
General gave the same opinion; the committees
in both Houses gave the same opinion. Nobody
doubted it: and yet the Comptroller determined
that those clerks were excluded. This is nothing
more than a proposition to pay them for the last
fiscal year the same sum as the others. It is a
small matter, but it is a matter of absolute justice.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. Is it on agreeing to it as it was
ejected ? -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. RUSK. An amendment was attached to
it before it was rejected to include the clerks in
the Coast Survey. It was so amended yesterday,
and after that amendment had been made the
whole was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the whole amendment as it was rejected
yesterday.
Mr. PEARCE. That amendment, I believe,
includes the pay of clerks and other employees m
the Coast Survey.
Mr. RUSK. The clerks only.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senate had better
not meddle with that matter. The regulation of
the pay of clerks and other employees in the Coast
Survey is devolved upon the Secretary of the
Treasury. Hecan fix, and he can alter their com-
pensation as he sees right and proper; and in point
of fact I believe their pay is better graduated ac-
cording to their merits and services, than in any
other Department of the Government. I think
it would be a great deal better to leave them alone,
«nd let the power remain where it is, and where
it has been exercised judiciously. If there be
any necessity for an alteration of their salaries, it
can be done by the Secretary of the Treasury. I
hope, therefore, the Senate will not agree to that
part of the amendment.
Mr. FITZ PATRICK. I trust my friend from
Texas will not embarrass the original amendment.
The case of the clerks proposed to be provided
for in it, has been thoroughly examined by a com-
mittee, and the object was to put the employees
in the State Department upon an equal footing with
the others who now receive a higher compensa-
tion than those employed in the State Department.
Now, I submit to the Senator from Texas, how it
is possible that Senators can vote understanding^
upon the proposition which he offers, when it has
nevdr been submitted to a committee. I do not
know myself what compensation the clerks in the
Coast Survey receive.
The clerks in the State Department stand upon
a very different ground. The intention of the
Committee on Retrenchment and Reform was to
include the clerks m the State Department m the
bill which provides for the compensation of all the
other clerks. I do not understand that the case of
the clerks in the Coast Survey has undergone any
examination before any of our committees, but, on
the contrary, the clerks in the State Department
have, and it was supposed that they were pro-
vided for in the bill reported by that committee.
Then, as the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] says, the clerks in the Coast Survey are
as well paid as any class of clerks in the Govern-
ment. I hope, therefore, my friend from Texas
will not embarrass the amendment, for it is literally
and truly carrying out what thecommittee intended
to do before, but which has been prevented by
one of the officers of the Government.
Mr. RUSK. I am not seeking to embarrass
the amendment. I am offering a more meritorious
one than the original proposition itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of which the Senator from Texas speaks,
in regard to the clerks in the office of the Coa&t
Survey, was putin the amendment yesterday, and
is therefore a part of the original amendment.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. Then, as that provision is in
the amendment, I move to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be done. It can be reached only by moving to
reconsider the vote by which it was inserted yes-
terday.
Mr. PEARCE. I make that motion.
Mr. RUSK. Did the Senator vote in trie affirm- I
ative> j
Mr. PEARCE. I did not vote at all. !
Mr. AOAMS. Before the vote is taken I wish j
to say, that in fixing the compensation of the j
clerks, the Committee on Retrenchment and Re- '
form adopted the rule, that, when the head of
I a Department had the right to fix the compel
| sation, we "'would not interfere with it. "When
| the law fixe^d it, we investigated the matter, and
; determined 6pon what we considered would be a
I proper coml«ation; but in no instance did we
: intentionall)J®-al though we did it in one or two
cases by mistake—interfere with it where the head i
of a Department, as in this case, has the right to
fix it. We supposed that the head of a Depart-
ment would be a better judge of the value of the
services of the employees than we could be, and
Congress having left it to him, that we should not
interfere.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment including the clerks in
the Coast Survey was adopted.
Mr. RUSK. If I understood the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] he stated
that the intention of the committee was only to
operate upon such as had their salaries fixed by
law, and not upon those which were left to the
discretion of the head of the Department. If that
was the case, it was gross injustice towards these
clerks. 1 take issue with the honorable Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Pear.ce] as to their being
i well paid. There are men—excellent clerks—
! there, with families, getting $900 a year.
| Mr. PEARCE. I will state to the Senator that
j I said nothing about their being well paid. I
stated that their pay was bettergraduated, accord-
ing to their merits and services, than in any other
department; of that I am sure. I know that the
employees in the Coast Survey begin with low sal-
aries, which 1 think an excellent thing. They give
to a young man employed in the field, I think,
about $190 a year and rations. They make him
learn something* before they undertake to give him
high pay.
That is a proper principle, and I think it would
be well if it was carried out a lutie further. I hold '■
that all who are in the Coast Survey, and who
are called upon to perform services which entitle
them to a large remuneration, get an adequate le-
muneration; and the thing is better arranged under
the system which now pievails, than it will be if
we undertake by law to change it.
Mr. RUSK. This does not. alter the arrange-
ment by law at all. It only gives to these clerks
tne same extra additional compensation which is
given to all the other clerks. The Senator from
Maryland admits that they are upon low pay, and
are better graduated than any clerks in anyot the
Departments. Well, sir, they are more merito-
rious. Here you have the State Department with
the pay not well graduated, some of the clerks
running up to §2,000 salary, and clerks in the
Coast Survey, with families, running from §450 to
$600 or $700 only. Now, while you propose to
increase the salaries, which are high, of the clerks
in the State Department, on account of the high i
price of living in Washington, are we to do the !
gross injustice of refusing it to those who have j
small compensation, and who discharge their du- ;
ties faithfully, and are properly graduated ? i
Mr. PEARCE. We do nut propose to do any- j
thing of the sort. We leave it v/nere it has been '
all along, with the Secretary of the Treasury, to _
make the necessary and proper allowance. I say '
they are now paid according to their merits, and i
that is all they ought to ask. We have had a suf- :
ficiency of paying clerks without reference to their ;
abilities, and J am getting tired of it. if this pro- '
vision is not stricken out, I shall vote against the j
whole amendment. j
Mr. STUART. 1 d<sire to make an inquiry}
of the Senator from Maryland. The Secretary '
of the Treasury, as I understand it, has now the
power to graduate and pay these clerks as he j
pleases, and that by a provision of law. ||
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir. j,
Mr. STUART. Then i do not see any diffi- ;<
cully on the subject, if the Secretary possesses N
the power to raise the pay of the clerks at any j|
time he pleases, under an existing law, that is!}
enough. jj
Mr. RUSK. If the salaries of the other clerks jj
are fixed by an existing law, so are these, when- fi
ever the Secretary chooses to fix them, and when
you choose, by a special act of Congress, to
increase the others so much per cent., is it not fair
that they should be increased ?
Mr. SfUART. If all ought to be increased?
But cannot the Secretary of the Treasury judge
of that better than Congress ?
Mr. RUSK. Then we ought to vest the whole
discretion in the heads of Departments.
Mr. STUART. ^ That is another question.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to see one set selected out,
and particularly favored above ah others.
Mr. HOUSTON. My attention has been at this
moment called to the subject, and it really appears
very strange that all other Departments should be
provided for specially, and that these should be
excluded—that it should be left to a particular offi-
cer to afford them the extra compensation if he
thinks proper, while all the other Departments re-
ceive this per centage on their ordinary pay.
Now, if it is right to give a per centage or ad-
vance upon the pay of the regular salaried clerks
in the different Departments, why should it not
be done in this Department? If the object is to
do justice to all, leave it to the Secretary of the
Treasury to fix within his discretion the extras
to be given to all the clerks, and let not an excep-
tion be made of one particular Department. If
it is fair to make the increase in one Department
it is fair to make it in all. If it is fair to make it
generally, it is not fair to make an exception of
this particular class of officers, so thai I cannot
see any reason for excluding these and admitting
others. Either make it discretionary altogether,
or make it discretionary as to none. It is the
plainest thinj£ in the world to my mind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] moves to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate agreed to the
amendment increasing the compensation of the
clerks in the Coast Survey office.
Mi. RUSK. 1 understand, from the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, that there were some
clerks in the Navy Department not included in
the provisions of the bill which has been passed;
but on a suggestion from him, the Secretary of the
Navy increased their compensation pro rata with
the allowance made by Congress. This, then, is
the only bureau which is left unprovided for.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, there
being, on a division—ayes 25, noes 11.
The question recurred oft the original amend-
ment of Mr. Rusk to the amendment of Mr,
Clayton, to add, after the words " Department of
State," the words " and the clerks in the office of
the Coast Survey."
Mr. RUSK. I can see no reason for any dis-
crimination. ' I ask for the yeas and nays upon
my amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish now, as thequestion
is before the Senate for consideration, to suggest
that the amendment of the Senator from Texas
was originally out of order. My amendment to
provide for the clerks m the State Depaitment was
in order, because it was to carry out'the provisions
of an existing law. That was clear; but how is
this in order? It is not estimated for; it does not
propose to carry out the provisions of an existing
law; hut is an entirely new matter. 1 think my
honorable friend from Texas will see, upon the
very suggestion of it, that his amendment was
out of order originally.
Mr. RUSK. { see in the suggestion that they
stand upon precisely the same footing as the
others. The honorable Senator is mistaken in
supposing that his original amendment was to
carry out an existing law. 11 goes upon the very
ground, and he so stated, that the clerks in ths
State Department were not included in the law.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
They were included in the law, and the Senator
from Mississippi has so explained it. The commit-
tees of both Houses so stated to the Department,
and the Attorney General so decided, and yet the
Treasurer has not paid it. It is, therefore, clearly
a case to carry out the law as it was passed, and
as we ail understood it.
Mr. RUSK. The Secretary of the Treasury
is the person properly charged with interpreting
what the law is.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Attorney General.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; the Secretary of the
Treasury, because he has the Jaw to execute, He
