I960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
is, therefore, the proper judge. He has decided
that they are'not included, and this is to make a
law to include them. Whatever may be the un-
derstanding of gentlemen as to what the law ought
to be, the case iff as I have stated.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment to the amendment, resulted
—ryeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.' Adams, Allen, Badger, BrOdheaa, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Gillette, Gwin,
Houston, Jones of Tennessee, ttusk, Sebastian; Shields,
Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Walker,
and Welter—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Clay,
Clayton, Cooper, Dawson,Evans, Fish,Fitzpatrir.k, Foot,
Geyer, JEIuiiter, Mason, Pearce, Rockwell, SJidell, and
Toombs—19.
So f.he amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the question recurreil on the amend-
ment ,as amended.
Mr. WELLER. If I understand the case, this
legislation is now necessary, in order to satisfy
the scruples of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury. Since I haye been a member of the Senate,
1 believe, at every session, we have been compelled
to pass a law to give an interpretation, such as
was originally intended by Congress, before ac-
counts could pass the First Comptroller of the
Treasury. All the other officers of the Govern-
ment have given a just and liberal construction to
the law, and such a one as would have, enabled
these clerks to receive their pay; but, in conse-
quence of the peculiar view taken by the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, this amendment has
now become necessary. Sir, it does seem to me
that the intention of Congress ought to have gov-
erned in the interpretation of the law. , The First
Comptroller coula hot have doubted that. Neither
Congress, nor any hoijest man could have doubted
as to the honest construction; biat the First Comp-
troller seems to have entertained his doubts, and,
therefore, as I think, the necessity of this legisla-
tion.
The amendment of Mr. Clayton, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to reconsider the
vote by. which the Senate yesterday rejected the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] in relation to the compensa-
tion of our Ministers to France and England.
Mr. WELLER. 1 trust the vote will be taken
on that motion without any discussion,for we are
spending the whole of this day in undoing what
was done yesterday. 1 hope the vote will be
taken at once.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator who
made this motion apprised me of his intention. If
the vote be reconsidered, 1 shall propose to take
from the amendment that provision which allows
the outfit, so as to present it in the original form,
to increase the salary without providing the outfit,
and I hope it may pass in that form. The Senate
will indulge me in saying only this: That it is
impossible for those ministeis to live with their
present salaries. They were fixed at an early
period of the Government—I think in 1809, or
perhaps'before that. The salaries of all the other
officers have been increased since then, but they
are left exactly where they were at that time. I
am informed that the Minister at France now pays
for his house $2,000 a year, and he has been
obliged to take an inferior house. I learned this
morning, in casual conversation, that in the year
1813, Mr. Crawford, then ourMiniaterin France,
obtained one of the best'hotels in Paris at a rent
of $300. There is the difference. 1 hope the vote
will be reconsidered.
Mr. SLIDELL. Did I understand the Senator
rom Virginia to say that he intends, if the vote
be reconsidered, to place in theamendment a pro-
vision withholding an outfit in future?
Mr. MASON. The amendment, as rejected,
proposed to give them, in addition to the increased
salary, an outfit of $9,000. I propose to strike
out the outfit.
Mr. SLIDELL. Or, rather, to put in a pro-
viso that there shall be no outfit.
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a single re-
mark in relation to this amendment. The Sen-
ator from Virginia yesterday introduced an amend-
ment to cut off the outfit for these two missions.
If I understood him correctly, no such amend-
ment as that was everagreed to by the Committee
on Foreign Relations. No authority, therefore,
was given by the committee to report the amend-
ment in any other form than as a simple increase
of the salary to $15,000, leaving the outfit to stand
where it did, at $9,000.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, there
being, on a division—ayes 18, noes 15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The^uestion
irnow on the following amendment offered yes-
terday by the Senator from Virginia/from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to insert, after
the provision for payment of the aalgpies of for-
eign ministers, the following:
Provided, That the salaries of the MtnisteTTto Great Brit
ain and to France shall be hereafter at-the rate of $15,000
per annum to each, the outfit to each not to exceed the sum
of $9,000.
Mr. MASON. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words, " the outfit to
each not to exceed the sum of $9,000," and in-
serting " the outfit to each to be hereafter discon-
tinued."
Mr. WELLER. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether those words now proposed as an
amendment were not yesterday stricken out from
the original proposition introduced by the Senator |
from Virginia? if those words have been stricken
out by a vote of the Senate, is it now in order for
the Sepate to.propose to replace them?
Mr. MASON. 1 think the facts were these:
I offered theamendment originally discontinuing
the outfits, but afterwards modified it by allowing
outfits at the rate of $9,000. It was altered on
my modification, There was no vote of the Sen-
ate upon that modification.
Mr. WELLER. I recollect that there was a
formal motion made by some Senator on the other
side of the Chamber to strike out those words;
but it is wholly unnecessary to raise the question
of order. Let the Senate pass upon the propriety
of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator from California raise a .question of order?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Virginia
and myself might not be able to agree precisely
upon the facts, and therefore I do not press the
point.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not exactly under-
stand the effect of this amendment, and 1 wish to
make an inquiry in reference to it. Suppose the
two gentlemen now at London and Paris should
return at the end of the year, would they not
have received their outfit, and, under this amend-
ment, at the rate of $15,000 a year, from this
time; whereas, those hereafter appointed will only
receive $15,000 a year and no outfit. Would not
the effect of this be to give the present incumbents
more than $15,000 a year? If so, is that right?
Why not, at the same time, increase the compen-
sation of the Ministers to Spain and Russia? The
expenses at both those courts are nearly as much
as at London and Paris.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it would be im-
possible to increase the salaries of the ministers
to any of those courts, without making a differ-
ence between the predecessors of the incumbents
and those coming after them. I will say to the
honorable Senator, that at the last session "the Sen-
ate, by a vote, agreed to increase the salaries of
the Ministers', not only to England aVid France,
but the Ministers to Russia and Spain, to the
amount of $15,000 a year, and the House disa-
greed to the whole. London and Paris are the
two most important courts. They are the most
expensive ones; and I have, by the instructions of
the committee, confined the amendment to those
two courts, in the hope that it would be more ac-
ceptable to Congress.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will not
agree to strike out the provision which now forms
partof theamendment. As the amendment stands,
it gives $15,000 a year salary to the representa-
tives of the United States at these two courts,
with a provision that the outfit shall not exceed
$9,000. The Senator now proposes to strike out
the provision that the outfit shall not exceed
$9,000, and to provide that no outfit shall be allowed
hereafter. It is admitted that these two courts
are the most expensive courts to which our min-
isters are sent. They are, therefore, the very
courts at which an outfit is particularly required.
If this amendment be made, what will be the con-
sequence? A gentleman is sentto London, where
the expenses are very much greater than they are
at Madrid. For the first year he will receive
$15,000. A gentleman is sent to Madrid, where
the expenses are much less, and for the first year
he will receive $18,000. My own opinion is, that
it will operate unjustly and unequally in that re-
spect. Besides, 1 consider the $9,000 outfit, with
the $15,000 salary, is a very poor compensation
to defray the expenses of a gentleman, if he is to
live there in the society in which he mixes at the
courts of London and Paris.
Mr. MASON. Now, sir, is not the simple an-
swer to the argument of the Senator, that yester-
day the Senate rejected the amendment in the
very form in which the Senator from North Car-
olina now asks that it shall be put? It is because
they rejected it that I modified it in this form. I
would prefer it in the shape he proposes, but I be-
lieve it cannot be adopted in that way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Virginia ought to receive
our sanction. The proposition, as 1 understand
it, is, that hereafter the salaries of our Ministers
at France and England shall be $15,000 instead of
$9,000 a year, and that no outfit shall hereafter be
allowed to them. I think that is the great princi-
ple which ought to be carried into all our missions*
The allowance of outfits originated in a period of
our Government when our ministers abroad found
it necessary to furnish their own houses; and the
outfit of $9,000 was intended to enable them to
buy furniture, and to fit up their houses. Now,
however, the practice there is to rent the houses
furnished, so that an outfit is not wanted for that
purpose; but you do want a salary sufficient to
enable the minister to occupy that house during
the four years, or the length of time he may re-
main there.
Sir, unfortunately, it has been too much the-
practice under our Government, when a gentleman
gets his appointment, to leave his outfit at home,
and then go abroad and live upon the $9,000 salary
in such a way as he is compelled to live there oft
that amount. I think the minister should only be
permitted to draw his salary by the quarter; ami
he should have as much the second year as he got
the first, and so of the third and fourth years. It
is too great an inducement to a minister, if he can
goabroad with $9 000outfit and $9,000 salary, and
stay one year and receive $18,000. It is a great
inducement on him to resign at the end of the first
year, and for another to go, 6tay a year, draw
$18,000, and resign,and so, in that way, to be
continually changing our ministers, and paying
an outfit to each new minister. Your system of
outfits is an inducement to ministers to resign
when they have secured their outfit and the first
year's salary..
I hope to see the system of outfits abolished
everywhere, and let thesalary be so much a year,
and as much for the second year as for the first,
and so on. Then let us rent at each court, for
fifteen or twenty years, a house, to remain as the
permanent residence of our minister all the time.
You can get a house there on a lease of fifteen or
twenty years for half the rent that you can a
house for one, two, or three years. I .Would
therefore prefer to appropriate about $2,500 or
$3,000 a year for permanent rents of buildings.
I would require the minister to reside in the
building furnished to him, so that he could not go
and put himself into a hotel, and thereby save his
salary, if you give him a good one. I wish that
every American who goes into those cities may
know where the American legation is, and that it
shall be a respectable building, and one of which,
as an American citizen, he will not feel ashamed.
Then take away the outfit, and let the minister
have just the same salary the second year and the
third year that he had the first year, and there
will be no inducement to resign at the end of one
year. I think this would be the better system.- I
think the outfit ought to be abolished altogether.
We ought to authorize our respective ministers to
rent a house for their legations, and give them so
murh for keeping it up, and let that be uniform
during the whole period. By this plan, all induce-
ment to resign after the expenditure of the outfit
would be taken away. ■
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President., I concur mftst
cordially in most of the remarks made by the
honorable Senator from Illinois. I have seen
something of the working of our system abroad,
and I am satisfied that the explanation he has
given of the manner in which the outfit is usually
expended by the representative before ,he leaves
