1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WB
William Smith, George. W. Smyth, Stratton, Andrew
Stuart, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, Wheeler,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, ami Hendnek B. Wright—77.
So the amendr^nt was concurred in by the
House.
M r. PRESTON. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. CRAIGE. Upon the motion to lay upon
the table, 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only twen-
ty-four members having voted therefor.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table.
Upon the following amendment:
"To complete the custom-house at Bath, Maine, $20,
000"—
Mr. WALSH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 86, nays 74; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Breckinridge, Bug?, Campbell. Carpenter, Caru-
ther-s, Cackle, Chandler, Chase, Chirk, Cook, ('orwin, Cox,
Crocker, Thomas Davis,De Witt, f)icktn«on, Disney, Dun-
bar, Eastman, Kdmands Everhart. Farley, Flaglei, Flor-
ence, Fuller, Giddings, Greenwood, Aaron Hailan.Harrison,
Henn, Hipfter, Hill, Hughes, Hunt Ken, Kidwell, Knox,
Lmham, Lindslev, Macdonald, Mace, Macy, Maxwell,
Meacharn, Mtddle^varth, Jnhu G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Mo'gan, Norton, Mordeeai Oliver, Pennington, Phillips,
Pre-fon, Pringle, Purvear. Ree<e, Richardson, Riddle, Da-
vid Hitchie, rhomas Ritc'hey,Iloffei^ Rusm>II, Sabm, Sapp,
Shannon, Simmons, Gernt Smith, Richard H. Stanton,
Hestor L. Stevens, John L. Tavlot, Thurston, Tracy, Up
ham, Vail, Wade, Walker, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, and Zolhcoffei—86.
NAYS—Messrs. A^he, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Bark^dale, Barrv, fit-sell, Cha-tain, Ohri.-man, Clinenrm,
Cobb. Colquitt, Craige, JohnG. Davi«, Daw>on. Dent, Dow-
dell, Dunham, ICddy, Edgerton, Edmund^on, Ellison, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Fcnton, Fianklin, Go< de, Grow, Hamilton,
Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson VV. Harris, Having-, Haven,
Hendiick*, Htbbard, Hiilyer, Hou.-ton, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. June*4, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, Lilly,
McCulloch, McNair, M< Queen, Millson, Morn-on, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peckham, Bt«hop Per-
kins, John Perkins, Phelps, Pi an, Heady, ltobbm«, RuftiiT,
Shaw, SkeSton, Sainuel A Smith, George W. Smyth, ^nod-
gras% Strat'on. Andrew Stuart, Trout, Vansant, Walsh,
Wheeler, Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—74.
So the amendment was concurred in by the
House.
Mr. BENSON". I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
The ninth amendment was next read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
"To complete the whole works in and about the custom-
house at Bangor, Maine, £2(),ot>0.'>
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I move that
the vote last taken be reconsidered, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
The tenth amendment was next read, as follows:
Cl For the completion of the custom house at St. Louis,
Missouri, $100,000."
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, demanded the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the amendment,
which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 84, nays 74; as follows:
YKAS Messrs. Ball, Banks, Belcher, Ben-on, Benton,
Breckinridge, Buag, Cauipnell, Carnrhers, Ca*kte, Cham-
berlain. Chandler, Chase, Clark, Corwin. Cox, Crocker,
Thomas Davis, De Wilt, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar. East
man, Edmand>, Ellis -n, Eihernlgo, E wing, Farlev, Flagler,
Florence, Fuller. Guiding-., Goodncti, Gieen, Gieenwood,
Aaron Hailan, Harri-on, Henri, Hiester, Hill, Hughes,
Hunt Johnson, Kerr, Kid well, Knox. Lind^ej, M icdoi-ald,
Mice Macy, Mnldleswanh, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Noble Moideeai Oliver, Pennington, Phelps, Phillips, Pres-
ton Piiu'de, Pmvear, Uirhaidfou, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Rogers ilu^lt, Satan, gapp, Shannon, Simmon*, Gernt
Smith Richard H. Stanton, lienor L. Stevens, Andiew
Stuart John L. Tavlor, Thur-ton, Tracy, Uphatn, Wade,
Walker, Elhiiu B Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
and Z"l! eofter—84. _ , . .
NAYS—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, Rarksdale, Bairy, Bennett, Bi^-ell, Biooks, Carpen
ter, Clm-tain, Cltnsiman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dowdell, Drum, Dunnam, Eddy,
E(jt erion, Edmundson, Faulknei, Feuton, Goode, Grow,
Hamilton Ha-tmgs Havens, Hendricks, Hibbatd, IliMyer,
Urui-ton, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland .Tones,
Kittredge. Kurtz, Lane, Letcher. Lill>, McCulloch, Mc-
Mulhn, McQueen, Milium, Morrison, Muriay, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Oir Peckham, Bishop Peikwm, John Per-
kins, Pratt, Ready, Reese,Thomas Ritchev. Robbii)-,Ruffin,
Shaw, Rkelton. William Srniih, George W. Smvth, Snod-
crass, Stratton', Trout, Vail, Vansant, WaNh, Wilier,
vVitte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hemirick B. Wright—74.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I move that the
vote last taken be reconsidered, and that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Sidney Webster,
Ins Private Secretary, informing the House that
he did, on the Sth instant, approve and sign a bill
of the following title:
Hou^ bill (No. 198) " giving further time for
satisfying claims for bounty lands, and for other
purposes."]
The eleventh amendment was read, as follows:
" For completing, in a fire proof manner, the custom-
house at Wilmington, Delaware, §1*2,000."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this the last of
these custom-house amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands there
are one or two others.
Mr. JONES. 1 would suggest that'the others
be read, and all included in one vote.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. JONES. We certainly have had votes
enough to test the sense of the House upon these
amendments; and it is but a waste of tune to take
separate votes upon the other amendments.
TheSPEAKER. The suggestion of the gentle-
man can only be followed by unanimous consent.
Mr, WALSH. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Tnen separate votes must be
taken upon every amendment.
Mr. LILLY. 1 demand the yeas and nays :
upon concurring in the pending amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordeied.
The questufti was then taken, and the amend-
ment agi eed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agieed to.
The twelfth amendment was read, as follows:
" For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile,
Alabama, $64,900."
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment; which were
ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 82, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Me >rs. Barksdale, Benson, Benton, Doyce,
Breckinridge, Bugg, Campbell, Ca>kie, Chandler, Claik,
Chngmau, Cook, Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Camming, Tims.
Davis, De Witt, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Edmands,
English, Failey, Flaglt r, Florence, Fuller, GHidings, Good
neh, Green,Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Wiley P. Harus, Hasnng-, Hem>, Hill, Hunt, La
, tham, Limlley, Ltndsle}, Macdouahl, ftlacf, Mae}-, Max-
! well, Middle^warthj John G. Miller, Smith Millei, Noble,
J Norton, M-u-decai Oliver, Peuuinjiton, Ph« lp>, Phillips,
; Preston, Puiyear, lliehardson, Riddle, David Undue.*
| Rogers, Ru sell, Sapp, Sli.innon, Sh.tw, Simmons, Geirit
I Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Fiedenck
; P. canton, Riehard II. Stanton, lie>tor L. Stevens-, John
| L- Tajlor, ruuiMon,Tracy, L*pbain,\V«ide, Walker, Ethhu
. B. Wasbhumu, Israel Washburn, WelU, and Hendnek B,
Wrmhi—b%2.
NAYS—Messrs James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Barry,
Beleiier, Bennett, Bia«Hl, Bro< k-, Chuetam, CiuiMnan,
Cobb, Cimge, John G.Davis, Daw-on, Deiil, Dowdell,
Diuih, Dunliani, Kddv, Edmund-on, Ellison, Goode, Giow,
j Hamilton, Amliew J. Harlan, Haven, Heinlm k*, Hit>b.nd,
i Hiil>er, Hou-ton, DamH T. Jtmes, Genr e W June-, Ro-
- land Jones. Kutredge, Kurtz, I iaue, Letcher, Lilly, McMul
! 1m, MciVair, Metiueen, iMatteson, MUltOn, Morgan, Vlor
j nson, Mm ray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Peekham, Bishop
j Perkins, John Perkins, Ready, Thomas Ruehey, Robbtns,
: Rutiin, Skelum, Samuel A. Smith, Siiod«r«i*s, Stratton,
i Andrew Stuart, 'J'rout, Vail, Vansant, Walsh, Wheeler,
: Witte, and ZollictdFer.—67.
i So the amendment was agreed to.
1 Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to reconsider the
I vote by which the amendment was adopted, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
1 Thirteenth amendment:
> « To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
1 $25,OUO.'>
; The question was put; and the amendment was
ij agreed to.
ii Mr. WADE moved to reconsider the vote by
!! which the amendment was adopted, and aiso
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
ij table.
The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
Fourteenth amendment:
" For the coustiuction of stoae steps aad railings to the
hospital at Chicago, Illinois, and for grading the grounds
and inclosing the site at' said hospital with a,suitable iron
lence, in accordance with the recommendation of the-Sec-
retary of the Treasury, $6,000."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment Was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
"For incliningand draimn the site, and forthe necessity
out buildings, ot the marine hospital at San Francisco,
California, $44,000   '
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
" For the construction of hot-air furnaces, fencing,
paving, &c., of the marine hospital at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $13,500. 
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
"For the completion and improvement of the marine
hospital at Padueah, Kentucky, ^5,000."
The question was put; and the amendment was
agieed to.
Eighteenth amendment:
"For the collection of agricultural statistics, and pur-
chasing seed-', to be paid out of the patent fund, ^I0,0CK).'J
Mr. ORR called for the yeas and nays on this
amendment.
The ye«ix and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and, on a division,
there were—^ayes 75, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr, CHANDLER asked for tellers.
Tellers were otdered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Vail were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes not counted. #
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was next taken upon the follow-
ing amendment, and it was agreed to:
Nineteenth amendment:
" F"r the entire completion of the edifice and grounds of
the hospital at St. Louis, Misbouii, and putting the whole
into a fit r*t<Ue for occupancy, the sum of $2,000.
- The Clerk read the nextamendmem,as follows:
l( For the purchase of the lots, or parcels of land, with the
appmreliances and the buildings thereon, belonging, the
one thereof, to the Hank ot Commerce, and the. other
thereofto the Bank of the State of New York, and particu-
larly referred to and described in two contracts; one with
each of said bankv, for the leann? and right to puichate
the same, bearing date the 19th of Au iM, 1&">3: Piuvuled9
That before the sjiid pureha-e i*. made, the State of New
York shall cede to the Umfd States jurisdiction over said
laud and property, and shall, by law, exonerate the same,
and the propertv of the United States thereon, from alt
taxeji, levies, and assessments thereon, while the same re-
mains the propeity of the United States, $530,000,"
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I demand the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
On the demand for the yeas and nays there
were, on a division—ayes 24, noes 57; no quorum
voting.
Mr. ROBBINS. I call for tellers on the de-
mand for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Campbell were appointed.
The House was again divided; and,29 voting in
the affirmative, the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was adopted—yeas 87, nays (iO; aa
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ra?U Banks,
Belcher, Kermett, Hen^on, Bis>ell, Bliss, Boyce, Breckin-
ridge, Bung, Campbell, Carpenter, Cat-kie, Chamberlain,
Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Corwm, Cumuiing, Cutting,
John O. Davis*, Dunbar, Edgerton, Edmands Edmundson,
Farley, Giddmgs, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron H.irlan, Samp-
son W. Harrn, Ha-lm#*, Haven, Heudricke, Herm, Hons-
ton, Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Gebrge
Knox, Latham, Letcher, Lindley. Macdonald, McMnllm,
i Mcicp, Mac\, Mattesou, Vlaovell, Morgan, Murray, Nich-
1 ol< Noble Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peekhaiw, Pen-
' nm-'ton Pro-ton, fleece, Kichaidson, Thomas Ritchey,
Rn^.p; 'sapp, Simmons Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. .Smith,
]y 4 Yrf—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H. Bajly, Barry, Ben-
ton Brook-s, Chandler, Chastain. Chiisman, Cltnaman,
CraWe, Crocker, Curtis, Daw-on. Dent, Disney, Dowdell,
Drum, English, Faulkner. Florence, Grerti, Grow. Haunt-
lon, Atidr< wJ. Harlan. Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hibhard,
Hie^ter, Hillver, Jotui?on, Roland Jones, Kittredge, Kurtz,
Lane, LilJy, LindUey, McCulloch, McNair, Miduleswartfi,
