1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
home, is true. He then goes abroad, and depends
upon an inadequate salary, and puts himself in
some out of the way plac£, where one of his
respectable countrymen is almost ashamed to visit
him. Thus degrading his station in order to eke
out his salary, and to make the two ends meet at
the close of the year. That I have seen to be the
case in more places than one in Europe. I think
the salary ought to be a sufficient one, and that
this temptation to quit, after a few months'ser-
vice, should be removed by doing away with the
outfit. I have no doubt it would have a salutary
influence.
Pay your representatives abroad, if you send
representatives at all, a salary adequate to the
office which they hold, and which will place them
on a par with the representatives of other countries
Every American who has been abroad has seen
that unless our ministers possess large private
fortunes, they are altogether excluded from the
circles in which the ministers of other Governments
move. .Now, we can talk about republicanism at
home, and may say we ought to be above the
little court dress, and all things of that sort,
abroad; but, sir, it requires other stuff than you
have been in the habit of sending abroad, to set
themselves in opposition to the condition of things
in the cities to which they are sent to reside. You
do not send men there of mettle enough to with-
stand the force of public opinion; and on the
salaries you-give them, they are unable, without
shifts which are discreditable to the representatives
of the Government, to live in a style that befits
their condition, and the greatness and material
splendor of their, country at home. Sir, I am
decidedly in favor of the proposition of my friend
from Illinois, and I think it will be an jmprove-
ment upon the payment of our diplomatic corps
abroad.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to say a word to
put myself right, because I do not wish to be mis-
understood on this question, for considerations
which will suggest themselves to the minds of
Senators. I am in favor of the proposed increase
of salary. I voted for it last spring, including
Spam and Russia. I think we ought to make an
increase to our Ministers in Spain and Russia, in
a proper proportion, at any rate. If we provide
for an increase to our Ministers at London and
Paris, we ought to provide for the others at the
same time. If §15,000 be necessary for London
and Paris, I suppose that $12,000 would be a very
proper compensation at Madrid and St. Peters-
burgh. 1 understand that the difference in ex-
pense is very little.
Mr. COOPER. They do not receive so many
people. That is the only difference.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Be that as it may, we
ought to have some system about this, and not
take care of the principal gentlemen, and let our
other ministers abroad go upon poor pay. When
I was up before, 1 said that I was willing to pay
the present gentlemen at these courts $15,000 a
year from the date of their appointments up to
this time, and as long as they choose to stay there;
but they may choose to return before the year is
out, and thus for part of the year they would re-
ceive at the rate of $15,000 per annum, and an
outfit besides, making about $20,000, or nearly
so. I do not know that this will happen; but I
should like to know from the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, why we cannot
put in an increase for the Ministers at Russia and
Madrid.
Mr. MASON. I have said half a dozen times
to the Senate, that last winter, by instruction of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I proposed
an amendment to increase the salaries of all four
of these missions to this amount, but the House
would not agree to it; and, therefore, 1 believe it
is impracticable to do it. I now take the half loaf,
because it is better than no bread; and simply for
that reason. Perhaps when we have done the one,
they will allow us to do theother.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is a very ready an-
swer to that. 1'his is a new Congress, and the
proposition to increase the salaries of our minis-
ters abroad has not been submitted to the present
Congress. It was presented at the close of the
last session of Congress, if this Confess, which
is a new one, will agree to increase the salaries of
these ministers, may we not suppose that they
wouid also agree to increase the salaries of the
others ? There is no reason why they should not;
and we are not to presume that the House of Rep-
resentatives is umeasonable. I therefore 'move
to amend the proposition by inserting §12,000 sal-
( ary for the Minister at Spam, and $12,000 lor the
I Minister at Russia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will not
be in order at present, as there is now an amend-
ment to an amendment pending. As the amend-
ment to the amendment has been modified by the
mover since it was offered, it will be read again.
It was accordingly read. It was to strikeout
the words " the outfit to each not to exceed the
sum of $9,000," and to insert " and that hereafter
the outfits of Ministers to England and France
shall not be allowed."
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
discontinuance of outfits eitherto our Ministers to
France or England, or any other country. I am
rather inclined to the opinion that the system of
sufficient salaries would be much better than to
provide outfits. I consider, however, that the
proposition now made in reference to the Ministers
to France and England is a burlesque as regards
any increase of compensation. For the first year
it is actually a reduction of salary, and for two
years (which is the extent of time under the same
you pay, that our ministers can afford, unless they
are men of fortune, to remain either at Paris or
London) the increase would be but $3,000. For
two years, under the present law, they receive
$27,000, and under the proposition of the Senator
irom Virginia they would receive $30,000.
Sir, 1 think there is a necessity tor an increase
of the salary of these ministers. 1 am perfectly
satisfied myself, from ali 1 have heard, that you
cannot expect an American citizen to lesideabroad
as your minister, especially if you expect him to
keep house as is contemplated by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, m either London or Paris,
at the lowest sum, for less than $18,000 a year.
1 have no objection to the amendment to the amend-
ment; but if that be adopted, I shall move toamend
the original amendment by increasing the salary
from $15,000 to $18,000. 1 believe also that our
Minister at St. Petersburg ought to be included,
because, that is beyond all question, one of the
most, if not the most, expensiveCourtof Europe;
and in these matters you cannot regulate the habits
of foreign countries, but you must atiapt yourself '
to them. 1 am satisfied that a salary of $15,000 !
will be inadequate as a compensation, if you strike !
out the outfit. There is no attainable object to be
accomplished by it, and yet it is a nominal in-
crease. i shall, therefore, at the proper time,
move to amend the original amendment so as to
include the St. Petersburg, and to make the salary
$18,000 a year. If that be voted down i shall op-
pose the whole amendment, and leave the present
compensation stand as it is until we can change it
by substituting a proper system.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not rise to debate this
amendment, but merely to suggest to the Senate
the importance of getting through with this bill
to-day, and to express the hope that we may now
have a vote.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I think the
manifestation of the conflicting views expressed
by different Senators, shows the impropriety of
placing this amendment on the civil and diplo-
matic bill. If any changes are necessary in rela-
tion to the compensation of our representatives
abroad, the principle which makes it necessary jn
the cases under consideration, makes similar
changes necessary in regard to our ministers at ,
other Governments than those embraced in this J
amendment. 1 desire only to call the attention of
Senators to the impropuety of attempting to i
change,on this bill, the existing laws in reference ;
to the compensation of our representatives at these i
two couits. i have no disposition toconsumethe '
time of the Senate, or to enter into this discussion; i
but surely if it is necessary to change the charac-
ter of compensation of these representatives, it is i
necessary to change the character of the compen- j
sation of others, and it is evident that we cannot ;
1 increase the compensation of these without giving j
dissatisfaction. ~ ■
I think, sir, such a proposition should be ;
: brought forward in a separate and independent \
I measure embracing the whole subject, and not |
be pioposed as an amendment to the civil and „
1 diplomatic bill. We have already made a great |
number of amendments to the bill, and I desire j
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact, that i
there is known to be a very great difference of
opinion between the two Houses, m reference to
many of the questions which we have embraced
m our amendments. We hazard the .bill by *
doing so; and I now give it as my judgment, that
this bill will not become a law at the present ses.
sion, owing to the extraordinary amendments
which have been made to' it by the Senate in ref-
erence to all manner of subjects.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, to the amendment offered by him from
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SL1DELL called for the yeas and naysj
and they were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Do T understand the Sen-
ator from Virginia as willing to accept my mod-
ification ?
■Mr. MASON. No, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, resulted—yeas
25, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Brown,
Chase, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge ot Wisconsin. Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Foot, Gillette, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mhmiii, Rockwell, Shriell, Siuait, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toue«y,
Walker, and Williams—25
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen. Badper, Bell, Brodhead,
JSvans, I'et^endeu, Fish, Fttzpatrick, Geyer, James. Mal-
lory. Rusk, Shields, Toombs, Wade, ami Weller—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I now move to amend the
original amendment by stiiking out "fifteen,**
and inserting " eighteen," so as to make the com-
pensation §18 000; and on that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badgtr, Bayard, Brodhead,
Brown, Conpei, Dawson, Geyer, James, Mallory, and
Thomson of New Jersey—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Atchison, Bright, Chase, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Dotifjlaf, Evan-, Fessenden,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, GilJetie, Gwin, 11 unier, Johnson, Jones
of Tennessee, Mason, Rockwell, Rusk, Shield', Slidell,
Stuart, ^uuiner,Thompson of K(-mucky,Toombs, Toucey,
Wade, Walker,and Weller—^9.
So thd amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Thequestion is now,
I understand, on the amendment ol the Committee
on Foreign Relations, as amended, to increase
these salai les.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. On that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as amended, is to insert after the appropria-
tion for the salaries of our ministers abroad, the
following:
Provided, That the salaries of the Ministers to Great
Britain and Franco shall he hereafter at the rate of;$15,00©
per annum to each ; and that hereafter outfits of Ministers
to Great Britain and France shall not be allowed.
Mr. BAYARD- I shall vote against this
amendment, because I think it is a mere mockery
avS to any increase of compensation. The amount
which it proposes to allow I think entirely inad-
equate. I know the present salaries are too lowj
but 1 believe they had better stand where they aie
than to make such a mockery of an increase, if
it be true that the House of Representatives of
the United States are unwilling to pay your for-
eign ministers an adequate compensation, let it
stand as it is until the effect on your service shall
be such that they will be forced to do it. I think
that this isa mockery on anythinglikeanincrease
of compensation, and therefore I shall vote against
the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Those are my sentiments
exactly.
Mr. CASS. As I know the increase to be
proper and necessary, I shall vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAr*—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brown, Cass, (May
Cooper, Dawf-on, Douglas, Evan>, Fes&enden, Foot, Hun-
ter, Johnson, Jones ot Tenm"=&ee. Mallmy, .Mason, Rock-
well, Shields'. Shdell, Sluau, Thompson of Kentucky.
Thomson ol New Jersey, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—
25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bayard, Benja-
min, Bmdheact, Cha-e, 'lodge oi Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, FiVh, Fuzpntnck. Geyrr, GilhUf, H-tiulm, Jcuues>
Ptiaroe, Rusk, Sumner, Toombs, and Wade—21.
So the amendment was adopted.
