1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire whether, in-
asmuch as the Senate adjourned over on last Fri-
day, and, of course, did not sit on that day, that
order, which would have been regularly executed
on last Friday if the Senate had sat, is not the
order for to-day ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not; but that that order was confined in
its effect to last Friday.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to suggest this
to the President, if his opinion be not dear and
decided upon the other point. While the Ne-
braska bill was under consideration this thing was
done; I did it myself. I laid a resolution on the
table on one Thursday, to suspend the rule for
the next day—Friday. It was taken up, and con-
sidered on Friday. It was considered on all hands
that it could not be objected to, and for the reason
that it had been brought in the day before.
Mr. PETT1T. But there is no such case now.
No resolution to suspend the rule was introduced
yesterday.
Mr. BADGER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
there wus. It was read from the Journal just
now. A resolution was introduced yesterday.
Mr. PETTIT. I understand that there was
a mere notice on the part of the Senator from
Virginia, that he would move this morning to
suspend the execution of the order setting apart
Friday for private bills. He did not submit a
resolution to change the form of the previous reso-
lution, or to rescind the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. I first gave notice that I
should move to suspend the rule to-day; but it
was suggested to me that that notice would not
do, and afterwards I changed it to the form of a
resolution.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution appears on
the Journal of yesterday as having been presented,
and, but for the resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate, setting apart Fridays for the consideration of
private bills, it could be considered to-day.
Mr. CHASE. Precisely; that is it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not agree with the Chair,
but I am not disposed to appeal from his decision.
I am willing to submit to any rule, whatever it
may be, which is enforced regularly.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am unwilling that the Chair
should remain unsupported in his position. It
is clearly right. The object of the rule was to
set apart Friday for private bills, to the exclusion
of all other business. We might waste the entire
day now in discussing this pointof order. I think
the Chair is right in not entertaining the proposi-
tion, as the consideration of private bills is the
business of this day under the rules.
Mr. BADGER. We all submit.
Mr. WALKER. I was going to submit similar
remarks to those made by the Senator from In-
diana. But, on the other point on which the
Chair has intimated his decision, I wish to make
this remark. If I understood the order which was
made at a former day, it was, thaton the ensuing
Friday, the consideration of adverse reports should
be the special order. Well, if we adjourned over
on that day, it seems to me that there is a contin-
uance of that order on the next private bill day,
and that, of course, the special order now comes
up. That special order is the consideration of
adverse reports. I think, myself, it is very im-
portant that we should dispose of them; and that
we should now, if it be m the power of the Senate,
go into their consideration at this time.
Mr. FISH. I wish to suggest a compromise
between these conflicting opinions. This being
objection day, I suppose there will be but a very
short time occupied with the private Calendar; I
hope, therefore, we will go through with the pri-
vate Calendar, and then I shall ask the Senate to
take up the adverse reports to which there shall be
no objection. That will probably givesometimeto
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to have
the Indian appropriation hill considered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the day which was set apart for the con-
sideration of the adverse reports having passed,
the order is passed over.
Mr. FISH. I hope the unanimous consent of:
the Senate will be given to take up adverse re-
ports, after we have gone through the Calendar.
Mr. SLIDELL. Does the Senator desire us
to take up adverse reports?
Mr. FISH. This being the first Friday in the
month, and objection day, I shall ask the Senate
to take them up after we have gone through with
the Calendar.
Mr. BADGER. That I suppose cannot be
done, unless by unanimous consent.
JOHN G. MACKALL.
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is one for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John G. Mackall, deceased, which has
been reported from the Committee on Claims. It
is now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause to be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of John G. Mackall, deceased, $4,450,
as indemnity in full for the loss of his buddings,
which were destroyed by the enemy during the
late war with Great Britain.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think this is one of the bills
to which the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] objects.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Delaware is
not here. He cannot, therefore, object. I sup-
pose no objection can be made by proxy. If the
Senator from Virginia has any objection to the
bill, and objects to its consideration, of course it
must go over; if not, I hope it will be passed.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would like to hear the
report read.
The report was read.
It appears that, during the late war with Great
Britain, a party of militia was, on the 15th of
June, 1814, the day on which the destruction took
place, posted, by order of a superior officer, close
to the dwelling house of the claimant m Calvert
county, for the purpose of preventing the enemy
landing on the shore of the river Patuxent, and
of defending the premises.
It also appears from the testimony of several
witnesses, that the person in immediate command
and another officer, were seen by the enemy to
enter into and come out of the house; that they
were dissuaded by the party left in charge in the
absence of the proprietor, who was at a distance,
in the command of a company of militia, from
making resistance, under the supposition that it
would be useless, owing to the superior number
of the enemy.
The reason given by the enemy for having de-
stroyed the property was, that they had seen the
militia in and about the premises, and that one of
their marines had been wounded by them. It is
true that it does not appear that the house had
been occupied any consideiable length of time
either as a barraclc or depository for military
stores; but it is clearly shown that the occupation
was by order of the officer who was authorized to
make it, and the destruction was occasioned by
the occupation of the premises in the immediate
vicinity, by the American forces which weredrawn
up to resist the landing of the enemy, while the
officers in command were seen entering into and
coming from the house by the British officers as
they advanced upon it.
Although the facts stated do not bring the claim
within the letter of the law of 181G, and the amend-
ment to it of March 3, 1817, as there does not
appear to have been a continuous occupation for
military purposes, the committee think that it
comes fairly within the equitable construction of
these acts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
On the question of ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading, on a division, no
quorum voted.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, and Mr. PETTIT
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays
2G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benja-
min, Clayton, Cooper,Dawson, Foot, Gwin, Norris, Sluait,
and Walker—13.
NAYS—Messrs Bright, Brodliead, Chase, Clay, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodi^e of Iowa, Douglas, Kvans, Fistl, Filz
patnck, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton,
IVaree, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Slidell, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, Toueey, Wade, Weller, and Wil-
liams—*26.
So the motion was lost.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, " Shall
the bill be engrossed, and read a third time?"
On a division, the President declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to say only a single
word in reference to this claim. It will be recol-
lected that the claim which was passed some Fri-
days since, was on the ground that it was personal
property destroyed, which did not come, because
of its being personalty, within the acts of 1816
and 1817. This is the case of a house destroyed.
Mr. HUNTER. This is not in order.
The PRESIDENT. Not at all.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Mary-
land is permitted to discuss the question, other
gentlemen ought also to be allowed the same
privilege.
Mr. W ALKER. I should like to hear one of
the adveise reports read, as debate is not in order.
I should like to know the reasons of some of the
former committees who repoited adversely.
The PRESIDENT. If there be objection to
the consideration of the bill, it will be passed over.
Mr. WALKER. I do not object further than
to hear one of the adverse reports.
The PRESIDENT. There is no adverse
report among the papers.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering the'
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Chase,
Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Foot, James, Morton, IVarce, Pratt, Rusk,
Slideil, Toombs, Wade, Weller, and Williams—22.
NAYS— Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Clayton, Evans, Pish,
Fit/patrick, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Norris,
Pettit, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toueey,
and Walker—16.
It was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM G. RIDGEI.Y.
The next was the bill, also reported from the
Committee on Claims, for the relief of William
G. Ridgely.
It authorizes the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to audit the claim of William Gr.
Rulgely, for tobacco destroyed by the British in
1814, at the warehouses at Nottingham and Ma-
gruder's ferry, in Prince George's county, and at
Benedict's in Charles county, Maryland, and from
such proof as may be exhibited to them, within
six months after the passage of this bill, to ascer-
tain the quantity and value of the tobacco de-
stroyed, the amount so ascertained to be paid out
of the Treasury.
Mr. NORRIS. This is a class of claims to
which I understand the Senator from Delaware
object?, and desires to debate. I therefore object
to the consideration of the bill.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
DAVID MYERLE.
The next was the bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of David
Myerle.
The bill directs the Secretary of theTreasury to
pay to David Myerle the sum of $30,000,, with
interest thereon, from the 1st of January, 1850, for
losses, sacrifices, and expenses incuired by him
in testing and establishing the practicability and
safety of the process of water-rotting hemp, under
the direction of the Navy Department.
The consideration of the bill was objected to by
Mr. Evans, and it was passed over.
MOORE AND HASCALL'S PATENT.
The next was the bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, for the
relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall.
Mr. WALKER. That will lead to debate.
Let it go over.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN BRONSON.
The next was the bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, for the relief of John Bronson.
Mr. BADGER objected to its consideration,
and it was passed over.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
The next was the joint resolution, reported from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, explan-
atory of an act entitled " An act for the relief of
Abigail Stafford."
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in making payment under the act specified
in the title of the bill, to allow interest upon the
sum appropriated by that aet, according to the
