3M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9.
Smith Miner, Millson, Morrison, John Perkins, Puryear,
Ready, Bobbins, Ruffin, RusseH, Shannon, Shaw, Skelton,
Willi aw Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Stratton,
Andrew Stuart, Trout, Walsh, Daniel B. Wright, and
Bendrjck B. Wright—60.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
here to make a motion to postpone the considera-
tion of this hill ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not be
in order, as the House is acting under the opera-
tion of the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. How does the previous
question operate?
The SPEAKER. First upon the amendments
reported to the House by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and then upon
the bill,
Mr. FLORENCE. I am satisfied. I asked
the question simply because I desired informa-
tion upon which to base a motion.
Mr. WALKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment above was adopted, and
to lay the motion to reconsiderupon the taole. The
question was put on the latter motion, and it was
agreed to.
The following amendments of the committee
were severally read, voted upon, and agreed to:
Twenty-first amendment:
-- a por finishing the cajutoj and territorial pri?on of the
• Territory of Minnesota, and for grading and fencing the
grounds of the same, .$10,000, to ht* expended, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury."
Twenty-second amendment:
Under thp head of Interior Department, after "$8,400," at
the end of line Kft2, page 6, insert the following:
" For the Piesident's House and grounds, for fuel for the
President's House, and for iron fences, .$'3,800.
"For repairs of the Capitol, and for improving the
grounds around it, $6,500.
" Foi repairs ot water pipes, $200.
"To pay the two draw keeper* on the Long Bridge, $400.
" For repairs ot the pavement, and other purpose**, .$.r>00.
" For lamps and lamp po-ts on Pennsylvania avenue be-
tween Seventeenth street and Oeoigeiown, &c., $1,^00.
"For completing the pedestal ot the equestrian statue
of General Jackson, $500."
Twenty-third amendment:
" For the general and incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, for the present fiscal year, ($15,000 ;
to bo expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior."
Twenty-fourth amendment:
" For the payment for the printing of the returns of the
Seventh Census, and for the paper purchased for said print
ing, under the piovisioris of a joint ^solution approved
March 3, IH53 ; that is to *ay, for the printing of the returns
before mentioned $'15,909 93; for the paper purchased
$27,11)6 68 Provided, That the sums hereinbefore men
tioned be paid to the printer who executed the printing, and
to the contractoi who furnished the paper, respectively, by
the Treasurer of the United States. "
Twenty-fifth amendment:
u For compensation for two additional clerks in the office
of the Hupfcrmtendent of Public Printing, $1,200."
Twenty-sixth amendment:
"For the printing of the Eveeuiive Departments, includ-
ing for paper, and the printing of the annual estimates of
appmpnalio/is for the year 1855, and for printing, paper,
and binding, twenty thousand copies of the annual report
of the Seeieinry of the Treasury on Commerce and Naviga-
tion for the year ]H53,$9,085."
Twenty-sixth amendment:
After line I'll insert the following :
"For lent <>f house on the noith wodtcorner of F find Sev-
enteenth st-reeN, and warming all the rooms m it, .§385.
" Foi the compensation and expenses of ihe commission of
eivi!uin*> and military men appointed under the provisions
of the lirst fceouon of an net entitled i An act making ap
propnations for the support of the Ai my for the year ending
the 30th ot June, 1H51,' approved 3d March. 1^53, to determ-
ine matt< rs < onneeted with the manageinentot the national
armories, A5.9U6 fil,or so much theieofaa mav he nec« s-
parv; piovuh'd that nothing herein contained <hall bo eon-
Ftiued to authorize the payment or allowance of any com-
pensation to military men employed other than then regular
pav or emolument, a> officers of the Army."
Twenty-eighth amendment.
"Jiiid he it further encn ted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, out of any money
m the Treasury not othirwis'O appropriate^, to applv such
pnm as in hi^ opinion may he necessary to complete the
building lor the custom house, post office, and court house
in the citv or Pittsburg, and to furnish such building m a
manner appiopriate to its- u«es, and to improve the giounds
attached to -aid building, and also to pay to the two com-
niicstoii(.rs who superintended the construction of said
building a compensation at three dollar-: a da\ each foi the
time they were actually employed m superintending the
same, and for which the said Secretary shall flunk them en-
titled : Prftided, That the Mini so as aforesaid to be ex-
pended by the Peeretaiv of the Treasury shall not exceed
the svinn now remaining unexpended ofappropnations here-
tofore made for the said building."
Twenty-ninth amendment:
On page 10, after line 221, msei t the following:
" For the expenses of the House of Representatives for
horses and carriages, $840.
" For newspapers for members, $2,000.
"For piges, $1,936.
" For binding documents, $77,596 40.
" Miscellaneous items, $10,000.
" For binding the Congressional Globe and Appendix for
the second session of the Thirty-Second Congress, five
thousand and eighty eight volumes, at sixty cents per vol-
ume, $3,412 80.
'  For messenger fo> Speaker, .$312.
" For payment for Annals of Congress ordered for the
House Library, being one hundred copies each the fol-
lowing volumes: the first, second, and third volume^ of the
Tenth Congress, the first, second, and third volumes of the
Eleventh Congress, in all six hundred volumes, at five dol-
lars a volume, §3,000.
"For printing Index to Private Claims, ordered to be
printed by the House of Representatives, by resolution of
22d December, 1851,.$20,000."
Thirtieth amendment:
" For arrearages incurred prior to the 1st of July, 1853,
for running and marking the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico, under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, $50,000."
Thirty-first amendment:
" For salanesand incidental expenses of the commission
apponned under the act of March 3,1831, for settling the
land claims in California, §37,500."
Thirty-second amendment:
11 For compensation to Francis Dainese, for the discharge
of the United States consular duties at Constantinople, from
the 16th of May, 1819, to the 20th of December, 185*2, in
conformity with the act of Congiess, approved 11th August,
1B45,$3,594 50  
Thirty-third amendment:
" For furnishing themaime hospital at Napoleon, Ar-
kansas, the sum of $1,000."
Thirty-fourth amendment:
" For payment of draughtsmen and clerks employed under
resolutions of May 4, 1848, upon the maps of the public
lands, $5,67a."
Thirty-fifth amendment:
u To complete the mat uie hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
$2,000."
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The bill having been engrossed, it was subse-
quently read a third time by its title.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon that I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 57, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Benson, Bis^ell, Bli*«,
Bugg, Chamberlain, Chandlei, Crocker, Cutting, Thomas
Davis, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, El-
lison. Everhart, Farley, Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron Har-
lan, Harrison, flaven, l-he^ter, Houston, Hunt, Ingersoll,
Limlloy, LintUley, Macy, Middle^warijh, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Noble, Phillip*, Preston, Riddle, David
Ritchie, Thomas Ititchey, Rohbins, Shannon, Simmon*,
Ce.rnt rimith, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Fied-
enck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, John L Taylor,
Thurston.Tweed, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walker,
and Israel Washburn—57.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe, Ball, Bark-dale, Barry, Belcher, Benriet, Boyce,
Campbell, Chase, Chastam, Chusman, Chngman, Cobb,
Oorwi.t, Cox, Ciaitre, Purti*, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dent,
Dowdell, Diutn, Dunham, English, Faulkner, Fentort,
Florence, Coode, Green, Grey, Hamilton, Andrew J. Har-
lan, Sampson W. Hams, Wil< v P. Harris, Hastings, Hen-
ducks, lleiui, Hihbard, Hill, Hillyer, Johnson, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredire, Knox,
Kini/., Lane, Lilly, McCulloch, McMullin, IVfcNai), Mc-
Queen, Maee, Mailoson, M^aeham, Milkon, Morgan, Mor-
rison, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peckhain,
Penntngfon, Bi-hop Perkins, John Peikms, Pr.Ut, Prutgle,
.Ready, Reese, Rogers, Ruflin, Russell, Sage, Sapp, «ha\v,
Skelton, Wiiliam Smith, Stsatton, Tracy, Trout, WaNh,
Klnliu B.Wa*hburne, Wheeler, Witte, Hendnck B.Wnght,
Yates, and Zollicofior— 9J.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays, and be-
fore the result was announced,
Mr. LETCHER said: Had I been in the House
when my name was called I should have voted
against the hill.
Mr. PURYEAR said: Had I been in the House
when my name was called I should have voted
for the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER said: Had I been present
I should have voted against the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE said; I voted against this I
bill because  I
[Cries of <e Order," " Order," all over the
House.}
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call thegentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate idfcot in order.
The Chair then announced the result, as above
indicated—s-yeas 57, nays 93.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
[Cries of " Oh, no," "No."]
Mr. CLING MAN. Does not a motion to re-
consider and lay upon the table take precedence
of a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
and lay upon the table will be entered if the gen-
tleman desires it, in order to save his ri^ht; but a
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, is in order at any time,
Mr. CLiNGMAN. I hope the motion will be
voted down. -
Mr. ORR. I ask for tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Robbins were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes 78.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the deficiency bill was lejected,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question will be put on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McNAIR demanded tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. NcNAiRand
Campbell were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 93.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Will it be competent for the House,
if the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was rejected should prevail, to recommit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. If the House reconsiders the
vote by which the bill was rejected, and then re-
considers that by which it was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time, it will then be in
order to move to recommit the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform the
gentleman that no business has intervened since
the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. READY. I wish to inquire of the Chair
what will be the effect of the motion to reconsider
m the event- 
The SPEAKER. That motion is not the one
immediately pending. The question upon which
the House is about to vote, is, " Shall there be a
call of the House?" and upon that motion the
yeas and nays have bpen ordered.
The question was taken :and decided in the Qega-
tive—yeas 59, nays 114; as follows:
wood. Grow. Aaion Harlan, Sampson W. Harris' Ilarri-
tnri TTnnn rjiKi.r,-.! U,M TT   T   , ' ~
G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Nichols, Noble, Phillips,
1 le-ton, Rpiille, David Rnehie, Thomas Ritohev, Robbins,
Miannon, bhaw/rvfeed, Upliam, V.msant. Walker, Ellihu
B HBshbiirne, Well*, Darnel B. Wright, and (Iendriek B.
Wright—59.
NAYS-Messra. James C. Allen, Ashe,Thomas H. Bayly
