1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
Mr. WRLLER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting, after the appropriation for the marine
hospital at San Francisco,.the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized to.
appoint some suitable person to act as inspector of drugs
and medicines for the port of San Francisco, in the State
of California, at ah. annua! compensation of $3,000.
The amendment' was agreed fo.
Mr. BAYARD. I have a number of amend-
ments to move to the bill, by direction of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, The first is to come
in at the end of the provision for compensation of
the messenger m. charge of the main furnace in the
Capitol:
For painting and repairs inside of the Capitol, a new fur-
nace under the Senate Chamber and Supreme Court room,
&c.} $5,000.
This is in accordance with the estimate of the
Secretary of the Interior, and 1 do not know why
it was not put in the deficiency bill. The work
was done, I understand, from necessity,and cer-
tainly must have been omitted by mistake, or it
would have been passed before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The next amendment which
I have to offer is to follow the one which has just
been adopted. It relates to the gas fixtuies of (tie
Capitol, which absolutely require to be renewed.
They were originally, as the Commissioner of
Public Buildings states, of lead. They have be-
come very leaky, and the officers have been
obliged to turn the gas off. This appropriation
is absolutely required. The amendment is to in-
sert:
For repair and renewal of the gas pipes through the
Capitol, and fixtures necessary fot the lighting of such
committee rooms therein as require it, and lighting East
Capitol street from the Capitol to Third street $7 W0.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BAYARD; The next amendment is for
a very small sum, to insert, after the appropria-
tion for lighting the President's House and the
Capitol,and public grounds, the following:
For furnishing lamps and lampposts from Sixteenth to
Seventeenth streets, on Pennsylvania avenue, in front of
Lafayette square, $>00.
At present, sir, Pennsylvania avenue, opposite
the President's House, is lighted upon one side,
but there are no lamp-posts on the other side, in
front of Lafayette square, i presume it is owing
to some accident.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The next amendment is to
follow the one just adopted, to insert:
Foi completing the impiovement of Pennsylvania av-
enue west of Seventeenth street, $U,0U0.
That is among the estimates of the Department
for work which is now in progress of construc-
tion. it whs estimated in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior at $4,500; but the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings informed me that the
sum was entnely insufficient. i subsequently
called on the Secretary of the Interior and ascer-
tained thru it was so, and that this amount is the
proper one, and that it will thoroughly complete
and finish the work.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have one more amendment
to offer from the Committee on Public Buildings.
It is to insert after the appropriation for the Capi-
tol extension, the following:
For th«  enlauremunt of the General PostOffice building,
$300,000: Provided) The s.i me shall b° done according to the
ioliowing described plan : The building, when completed,
to cover tile entire bio'ck bounded by H, F, Seventh, and
Eighth stmc ts, and to have <\ court yard in the center, ap-
proached by an archwav in the middle of the western front,
sufficiently spacious for the ingress and egress ol m.ul
wagon*; the present waits running parallel to Seventh
and Eighth streets. to be continued to F ftreet, with rooms
on each bide, arranged to suit the purposes of the Depart-
ment; accommodation to be made for the city po*t offico
in the center of ihe block on F street; and an arcade of
about Fixty feet in length to be made tor a letter delivery,
the delivery arcade to be surrounded by a recessed portico
of four columns, flanked by coupled pilasters ; the fronts on
►Seventh and Eighth streets each to have the present design
ot the south end repeated on the north end, and a portieo
of six columns, coupled at the corners, intioduced in the
center ol the block ; the style of architecture of the present
building to be carried out in the additions ; and the whole
to be made thoroughly fire-proof, and to be constructed un-
der and subject to the direeuon of the President of the
United Slates.
Mr. President, this amendment is introduced in
consequence of an application of the Postmaster
General, made to the Committee on Public Build-
ings, in the beginning of June, representing the
entire inadequacy of the present General Post Of-
fice Department building for the performance of
the functions of that department of the Govern-
ment. The plan proposed has, 1 think, been well
arranged. It was scrutinized and examined by
the committee, who were perfectly satisfied that
it would answer all the purposes, and that the en-
largement was necessary. The whole cost of the
enlargement will amount to $650,000. The ap-
propriation proposed in the present amendment
is $300,000. I have here, and ask the Secretai^r
to read, the communication of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the description and estimate of the work
by the architect of the public buildings. I am
satisfied, myself, that the work is essentially
necessary for the performance of the duties of the
General Post Office. It will also combine accom-
modation for the city post office m the same build-
ing, and will provide ample room for both at, I do
not think, an exaggerated cost; at all events,it is
entirely necessary.
The iSecretary read the letters, as follows:
Post Office Department, June 3, 3654.
Sir: Finding the present Post Office building entirely
too small for the business of the Department, 1 requested
the architect ot public buddings to prepare plans and esti-
mates for extending it. These plaus i herewith submit to
you, together with a report and estimate fro u Mr. Waller,
and respecuully request you to bring the subject befoie the
committee, with a view to such action of Congress in ref-
erence to it as may be deemed most expedient.
I am of opinion that these plans, it properly carried, out,
will afford ample and convenient accommodations, not only
lor the Post Office Department, but also for the city post of-
fice, which is now kept in a very frail and unsafe building,
adjoining the General Post Office.
1 am, very respecttully, your obedient sesvant,
JAMBS CAMPBELL, Post-master General.
Hon. James A. Bayard,
Chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings.
Architect's Office, United States Capitol, ?
Washington, D. c\, December 'Zl, 1&>3. $
Sir : I have Die honor to lay beloie you, in compliance
with younequest, the accompanying design for an exten-
sion of the General Post Office, with accommodations for
the city post office.
I propose to extend the building around the entire square,
leaving a court-yaid in the center of ninety-five by one hun-
dred and lilty-lour feet, for light and air. The style ot ar-
chitecture of the present structure to he kept up throughout
the addiuons, as represented on the drawings ol the several
fronts, to which I respectfully reler you, lor a general idea
of the appearance the building will present, it completed
according to this plan.
The front on E street, and the portions now constructed
on Seventh and Eighth streets will remain unchanged.
Thejront on Seventh street will have a portico in the cen-
ter consisting of six columns, m lehef, coupled at the cor-
ners, which will not only be in harmony with the present
building, but aifoid an imposing center to the composition,
and toriu a pleasing variety with Uie pilasters and engaged
columns on eacli side. In the center ot this front it is con-
templated to make a door of entrance lor the General Post
Office Department, in addition to the present entrance on
E stieet, as Seventh street is the business thorough lare, and
as the eastern wing of the Patent Ofhce building, on the
adjoining block, opens upon the same street.
The front on Eighth street is similar to that on Seventh
street, excepting that in place of the entrance dooi there is
a gateway leading into the court-yard for the admission of
mail wagons.
The front on F street is arranged for the accommodation
of the city post office. It has a deeply recessed portico
in the center, consisting of four columns, flanked by
coupled pilasters, supporting an entablature similar to that
on the E street front, and winch will girt tne entire work.
The poiuco is supported by an arcade, in which the letter-
delivery is placed. In the arrangement of this part ot the
building, 1 have studied to make itas convenient as possi-
ble, both for the public and for the clerks in the office, the
accommodations are quite as ample as those of the present
city post office, and quite as convenient, and the enure
building is fire proof.
By thus placing the city post office in the center of the
north front, the General Post Office Department is not inter-
fered with, and the connections between the additions on
Seventh and Eighth streets, and the present building remain
unbroken, the entries or coniuors of which will extend in
contiguous lines from E to F ftieets, lighted bywimlowsat
each end. In the basement story alone, one of these cor-
ridors is stopped by the gate or entrance on Eighth street for
the passage ol' mail wagons, but the rooms occurring be-
tween thi> passage and F sueet will, no doubt, be event-
ually wanted tor the clerks of the eity post office, i have,
therefore, connected them with that Department, so that
there is no connection whatever between the General Post
Office and the city post office, each being separate and dis-
tinct from the other.
frt the present building there are sixty-live looms, con-
taining, m the aggregate, about twenty six thousand Ave
hundred supeifieial feet, exclusive of halls and stairways ;
and in the additions there are mnety-mne rooms, contain-
ing about thirty-nine thousand five hundred feet, or one
and a half tunes a  much room a* hi the present building.
The space devoted to the city post office embraces
twenty rooms, containing, -m the aggregate, about twelve
thousand live hundred superficial leet, leaving seyenty-mne
rooms, metiburins twenty-seven thousand feet for the Gen-
eral Post Office Department, which is more than equal to
its present accommodations.
Should this plan be carried out, the General.Post Office
Depaitment will nave one hundred and forty-four rooms,
containing fifty-three thousand five hundred superficial feet,
exclusive of halls and stairways; and the city post office
will have twenty rooms, containing twelve thousand five
hundied feet.
The entire cost of the work will be about $650,000, pro-
vided the finish throughout is notmore expensive than that
of the present building.
.The fronts on Eighth and F streets may be built first, so
as not to interfere with the present city post office; and
after these portions are completed and occupied, the front
on Seventh street may be constructed without inconve-
nience to the Department.
I am, ah, very respectfullv, your obedient servant,
THOMAS U. WALTER.
Hon. James Campbell, Postmaster General.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Had we not better wait
to build this post office for Washington city until
we get one provided for the cities of Philadelphia
and New York ? 1 believe there are about half a
million of people in Philadelphia, and a suitable
place for a post office is quite as difficult to be ob-
tained there as it is here. The same remark will
apply to New York.
Mr. BAYARD. I only know that this work
is represented by the proper officer to be abso-
lutely necessary, and I presume no person can go
into the building and not perceive that the enlarge-
ment is needed, it maybe necessary that there
should be post office buildings in Philadelphia and
New York; but when those questions come up
properly, I shall be perfectly willing to give such
votes as 1 thmk proper in reference, to them on
the information before me. But I can -see no ne-
cessity for entangling this proposition to erect a
building which the necessities of the country, con-
nected with the whole postal system of the United
States require, by a mere appendage which may,
in part, be merely to ornament other cities, and
may, in part, be requisite. When it comes up on
its own merits, I shall be willing to consider it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not wish to embar-
rass the bill. When I brought forward a similar
proposition yesterday morning m reference to
buildings in other cities, I was charged with a de-
sire to embarrass the bill; or at any rate it was
said that the effect of my amendment would be to
embarrass it. Now, here comes a similar propo-
sition. I am in favor of it, but i say there is a
great deal more necessity for post office buildings
in Philadelphia, New York and Boston, and cer-
tainly in Philadelphia than there is in the city of
Washington. I am in favor of this, however.
Mr. STUART. Then let us take the vote on it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. ^ Yery well,
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment I believe is to carry out no ex-
isting law.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is in accordance with
the recommendation of the Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise, sir, to enter my protest
against the larger portion of Senators here being
deprived of their rights under the system now
sought to be introduced. You have your com-
mittees who may bring in thesepropositions when
individual Senators cannot, and you have but to
go one step further to fix it as the French Minister
did, by sections, and cut down the rights of a minor-
ity altogether. Here, on a money bill, the main
object of which is to do nothing but appropriate
what is necessary to carry out existing laws,
you propose many expenditures for extravagant
purposes, because the Executive Departments
recommend them. Sir, that is the very reason
why they should not pass. If I know anything
as to the business of the Senate and House of
Representatives, it is to examine and keep in check
the practices of your executive officers. But it
seems that alt the Senate want, as a reason for
passing a thing, is, that the executive officers of
the Government demand it! Two or three people
get here, and propose to one of your committees
a projectfor the expenditure of $i,000,000, and it
is to be put through on a money bill. I protest
against such a course. The Senator from Dela-
ware says this will involve an expenditure of
$650,000. We know when it starts with that
amount where it will end. 1 do not suppose any-
body who has had any experience in public life
here, is soft enough to believe that the $650,000
proposed will finish these buildings. If you are
to tack propositions for the building of post offices
and everything else to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, I must enter my protest against
it; first, because it ought not to be here; and sec-
ondly, because it is wrong in itself. 1 shall con-
