1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
tinue to make this protest until, if not the Senate,
the country at least will hear it, and stop these
infamous abuses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER Does the Sen-
atop object to the- amendment as being out of
order ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is clearly
within the rule as being estimated for by the De-
partment, and recommended by one of the stand-
ing* committees of this body.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no further remarks to
make. The committee investigated the matter
thoroughly, and they believe the building is abso-
lutely necessary for the purposes of the Govern-
ment. The honorable Senator from Georgia may
have better information on the subject without
having examined into it; but such being the belief
of the committee, not merely on the statements of
two or three men, but on their own personal in-
vestigation, they have reported this amendment
to the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is one of the very diffi-
culties of which I complain. We are not allowed
to know anything about these matters; but here
on a money bill, what an Executive officer sends,
and a committee recommends, we are to vote for
without any opportunity for discussion 1 My ob-
jection is, that we are not ready to vote without
investigation; and yet we are expected to vote
away millions of the public money on a confidence
which I am not authorized to give in my position
as a Senator.
Mr. JAMES. The Committee on Public Build-
ings have had under consideration the proposition
for the extension of the General Post Office build-
ing, and they are perfectly satisfied that the neces-
sity of the case actually demands it; and it is for
these reasons that the chairman reported this
amendment to the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I am as much indisposed as
any one to embarrass an appropriation bill; and
though the committee would have sanctioned it, I
foteboreto press, as an amendment to this bill, the
appropriation for the completion of the Treasury
building and the enlargement of the War and
Navy Department buildings, and introduced it m
a separate bill. It has passed the Senate in a
separate hill; but it became necessary to offer this
as an amendment to this bill, because the recom-
mendation came in at too late a day to allow a
separate bill to be passed.
The question being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 16, nays 25; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Brodhead,
1 lodge or' Wisconsin, Dodge of town, Douglas, Hamlin,
Jdin-s, Rusk, Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toueey, Walker, and YVeiler—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Urtghf, Brown, Chase, OlaV,
Coopei, Dawson. Evans, Fessenden, Fnzpatrirk, Poof,
Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tenues-
t«ee, Mallory, Rockwell. Sebastian, Shield*, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, arid Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to move to amend the bill
by inserting among the appropriations for the
Library of Congress, the following:
For the purchase of one thousand copies of the proposed
edition of Eh Tappan, of the acts of Congress of a general
nature now m force,upon the plan contained in his proa-
peetu*, &6,<)O0 : Pro tided, That no part of thn> apprnpiia-
tion ^hail be expended until a copy of the propoxd v/oik
lms been submitted to the Attorney General of the TTnited
Elates, and heen approved by him : And provided fir.ther,
That the price --hall not exceed six dollars per volume, and
no payment shall be made for any copy until delivered at
the Depaitment of FUute.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that from a committee?
Mr. BAYARD, it is reported by order of the
Committee on the Library. Application was
made at the last Congress in reference to this
matter. No action was had upon it then; but I
had occasion, as a member of the committee, to
examine into the proposed publication, and I was
satisfied that it wouid be a work of great value
and use, and that the subscription for the number
proposed on the part of Congress would not be
unreasonable. I believe the work was entered
into more for its utility, and the reputation which
it wouid confer upon the author, than from any
expectation of profit. The plan is to publish all
the laws of a general nature in a single octavo vol-
ume of about twelve hundred pages, with such
notes and references as will concentrate the laws
on different subjects. 1 think it csn be done.
There is to be no codification, no alteration about
it. It is simply to arrange them into appropriate
chapters, so us to have a convenient reference to
all the laws on a particular subject of a general
nature. I am satisfied that it will be a book of
great utility to Congress for ordinary use, as well
as to members in committees; hecause now, in any
examination upon almost any subject, you have
to go through nine volumes to get at the construc-
tion of the law. Believing the book to be of great
\alue, and having sufficient guards imposed that
no improper work will be published, because the
amendment requires the approval of the Attorney
General to the book before it is purchased, the
committee were unanimous in recommending that
this subscription should be made. I can only
say further, that the gentleman who proposes to
publish it is a lawyer, personally unknown tome,
except in the intercourse which 1 had with him
during the last Congress. I have had none
during the present. The impression made upon
my mind from several conversations with him,
was, that he is entirely competent to perform the
work in a proper manner, arid that, with his ideas,
he will give us really a valuable book. Beyond
that I have no personal knowledge of him what-
ever. I believe the work will be of benefit to us;
and coinciding with me in that opinion, the com-
mittee have instructed me to report the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. This is to purchase a book
which is not yet published. I think we have gone
far enough in this book-making matter.
Mr. BAYARD. The money is not to be paid
unless u is published. The amendment requires
that every copy is to be delivered before it i& paid
for; and further, the appropriation is not to be
expended until tiie book has been examined and
approved of by the Attorney General.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. There has been a decision
made at the Treasury in regard to officers con-
nected with the legislative department, which ren-
ders it necessary that we should have an explan-
atory clause in this bill. I therefore propose to
amend the bill by inserting:
7'hat the joint resolution approved the 20th of July, 1854.
shall be so construed as to embrace, the Superintendent of
Public X'nntingj and the clerks and messengers in Ins office.
A decision was given on the 6th of February
last, under another act of a somewhat similar
character, a portion of which I will read. It re-
lates to the compensation of officers:
" The beneficiaries entitled to receive under that section
inn-l have been employed in the executive or legislative
departments of tne Government. I do notthmk The Su-
perintendent ot Public Punting is in the department of
either.
•'The whole subjcct is treated of in a decision on the
38th of October 1852, which [ will place in your hand* if
you will call at the office. I cannot furni>h you with a copy,
by reason of not having any clerk to put at the woik."
Subsequently, on the 6th of March, the follow-
ing decision was made:
u Having been informed by Mr. Hamlin, of the Senate,
that a different construction had been put upon the act by
the Senate, and that an allowance had been made to him,
by a vote of the Senate, as to other messengers, and that
the Superintendent of Public Printing was deemed to be-
long to the legislative department of the Government, I
now inform you that any payment within the terms of the
act mentioned, for such length ot time as he served, will
be allowed in the settlement ot your account."
That connects him with the legislative depart-
ment. Subsequently, within a few days past, a
different decision has been given at the Treasury
Department, which has thrown some portion of
them upon the executive department. It is ne-
cessary that there should be some uniformity m
the decisions upon this question, and not have
some brought in under one color, and some under
another, and some not at all. The Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and the force under
him, certainly, belong to the legislative branch of
the Government. It is so; since the Superintend-
ent himself, and the whole force under him, are
entirely*, undertheauthority, and peculiar control,
and direction, and supervision of the Commit-
tees of Printing of the Senate and the House.
Their accounts must pass through the hands of
the joint Committees on Printing. They are acted
upon entirely by them. The reason why it has
been deemed and adjudged that the Superintend-
ent is connected with the Executive Department
is more particularly because his appointment is
made by the J?rpsi4ent. At the time that this sys-
tem of the Superintendency of Public Printing was
established, the President was authorized to ap-
point the Superintendent, for the simple reabon
that there was no other more appropriate quarter
to which the power of appointing could be refer-
red; but all that he has to do is connected with
the legislative department, and not with the ex- *
ecutive department at all. I am therefore in-
structed by the committee to offer this amendment,
and, if it be adopted, it will render uniform the
decisions in regard to his true position, and that
of those who are under him. I trust the Senate
will adopt it. It gives no compensation beyond
that already provided. It simply gives uniform-
ity to the decisions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have here a matter of im-
portance, which I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Printing to bring before the Senate. Un-
der their instructions, I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the item in the bill making
an appropriation for lithographing and engrav-
ing:
Provided, That hereafter, when any maps, plates, or
other engravings, '-hall he ordered to be engraved and
printed foi either House of Congress, the Superintendent of
Public Printing shall invite pioposals for the execution of
all engravings and printings, t-pectiymg the particulars of
style and time ; and on the receipt of such proposals, shall
contract with the lowest bidder who shall offer for the
same; and should such contractor fail to furnish such maps,
plates, or engraving.*, within the time specified in his con-
tact, the Joint Committee on Printing shall have power to
nbiogate s'nch contract, and require the Superintendent to
pro.-ecute such contractor for the penalty of such contract;
and when the baid Superintendent shall advertise for the
annual supplies of printing paper for the congressional and
executive printing, he shall, at the same time, and in the
same manner, adveinse for such paper as may, in his opin-
ion, be necessary lor the puuting of such maps, plates, or
other engravings; and the contracts foi the. paper shall be
made by the said Superintendent, m like manner, and un-
der the same restrictions, as by law are now provided m
the purchase of congressional and other printing paper.
The Committee on Printing of the Senate have
considered this matter, and it is most imperative
that something should be done in regard to the
engravings. 1 will give a short synopsis of the
reasons and facts connected with the subject.
The maps, plates, and other engraving are now
contracted for by the Secretary of the Senate and
Committee on Engraving of the House of Repre-
sentatives, each for their respective Houses. The
amendment proposes to place this authority with
the Superintendent of-Public Printing for the fol-
lowing reasons:
First, the superintendent now having charge of
the printing of Congress, can make the contiacts
for the engravings correspond in point of delivery
with the time the printing is finished, so that the
great delay in the delivery of books ordered by
either House experienced during the present ses-
sion, for want of engravings, may be avoided
hereafter. Every member of the body is familiar
with the extraordinary, to them unaccountable,
and to all outrageous, delay that has accompanied
the delivery of most of the books ordered to be
printed by the Senate.
Second, the Superintendent has now the author-
ity of law to inspect and leceive, or reject such
engravings as may be ordered by Congress, whilst
the contracts for these engravings are beyond his
control, thus leaving great room for difficulties to
arise between thecontractors, the Superintendent,
and the contracting authority. Contractors are
prone to slight or spoil their work, or procrasti-
nate in its'delivery, relying upon the liberality
of the contracting power to interfere between them
and the execution of their bonds.
The contractor is responsible to the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing; but a committee of
the House of Representatives, in one instance,
and the Secretary of the Senate in the other, are
the onlv ones that have control of him, to make
his contracts, or to govern them, and fix them in
accordance with what may be the necessities and
interests arising from the action which has already
taken place m regard to the printing, either in this
body or m the other.
3d. The Government is now paying much more
for paper for engravings thag it can be procuied
for by contract, (this we are informed is the case;)
and, under the proposed system, paper can be pro-
cured of a better quality than that now used, and
at a much less price.
The Senate will perceive at once that there is a
relation existing directly between the subject-mat-
ter of printing, which ia under the control af the
