390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
shall be considered to-day, I will not interpose an
objection. I do not wish to do anything contrary
to the general sentiment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jectiqfi to the proposition.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say now—not for
the purpose of interposing an objection here to-
day, although I should feel myself perfectly justi-
fied in doing it, because I suggested it to all the
Senators around me yesterday—that I may not
be regarded as captious, that I shall insist here-
after, so far as my own action may go, on con-
sidering the private business on Friday. I do not
believe, sir, that there is any more important busi-
-iieesj at this time, for the Congress of the United
States to perform or transact, than to do justice to
the private claimants against this* Government,
some of whom, they and their heirs, have been
applying here for a quarter of a century.
^ Mr. ULA.YTON. For fifty years.
Mr. STUA.RT. I, sir, have a case of a friend
of mine which has actually been crowded out of
these Halis, in consequence of the discussions in
1850. It is only one of numerous cases. And
now, sir, I desire to say, while under the circum-
stances, notwithstanding the notice which i gave
yesterday, I shall not interpose to-day. J shall
feel myself not only justified, but almost bound
to make objection hereafter. To-day I will con-
sent to it, but with the express understanding:
that hereafter, so far as my action goes, I shall
insist that Fridays be consumed, whenever there
is privare business here, in the consideration of
that business, which, by a resolution of the Sen-
ate, has been set apart for it.
No objection whs made, and the Senate, as^in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to organize the Territory of Ne-
braska.
Mr. SMITH proceeded to address the Senate
in conclusion of the remarks which he commenced
yesterday. [Mr. S.'s speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr WELLER. I desire to submit a few re-
marks to the Senate upon the question now under
consideration. If the Senate should meet to-mor-
row, f can go on then; if they should adjourn un-
til Monday, I will then be prepared to proceed;
and I now give notice to any other Senator who
may desire to speak, that I shall not occupy one
hour.
Mr. BRfGrHT, "With theconsentof the Sena-
tor, I move that when the Senate adjourn to-day,
it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion wns agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I understand there is some
business requiring the action of the Senate in Ex-
. ecutive session. I therefore move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until Monday,
in order that we may have an Executive session.
Mr HOUSTON". Do ! understand the Senator
to say that he will not take up more than an hour
on Monuoy? I shall desire to submit some re-
marks myself- *
Mr. WELLER. 1 certainly shall not occupy
an hour.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein,the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned to Monday.
* HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Ftbruary 10, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business rirst in
order was /he consideration of bill No. 125.
Mr. FULLER. This being private lull day, I
wish to inquire what business would be in or er,
if a majority of the House, under the operation of
the Q9H\ rule, should determine not to go to pri-
vate business?
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House would be the consideration of certain pri-
vate bills upon the Speaker's table, and then, no
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or any other privileged mo-
tion being made, the Chair would proceed to call
the committees for reports.
Mr. FULLER. That is the business I desire
to get at. I move, if it be in order, that the House
proceed to the call of committees, and the other
regular business of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Therearetwo or threeprivate bills on the Speaker's
table reported from the Committee of the Whole
House when it was last in session, but which
have not yet been disposed of. Upon one of those
bills the previous question was demanded. When
that is disposed of there are three other private
bills upon the table, which it will be the duty of the
Speaker to present to the House.
Mr. FULLER. The 29th rule provides that
the Friday and Saturday of each week shall be
appropriated to the consideration of private bills,
unless otherwise ordered by a majority of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Another rule, however, pre-
scribes that the order of business shall not be
changed, except by a vote of two thirds.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the regular order of
> business, if it pertains to private business,
i On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, leave was
: granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers of Colonel Johnson, for the purpose of
presentation to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 have a privileged
motion to make. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to reconsider the vote reject-
ing the deficiency bill was laid upon the table
yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair neglected to call
the attention of the House to the manner in which
the Journal is made up. On a count of the vote
yesterday on the motion to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider, referred to by the gentleman
from Tennessee, the report to the Speaker was
yeas 88, nays 88, and thereupon the Chair gave
the casting vote, as it was his duty to do under the
rules. On reexamining the vote, however, it was
found that the yeas were 89, the nays 88, and the
j Journal has been made up according to the facts
of the case.
Mr. H YVEN. It does not change the result.
The SPEAKER. No; the result is the same.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Unless the
Speaker changes his vote.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker has norightto
change his vote to-day.
Mr. COBB, (<totto voce.) Perhans a great many
of us would change our votes to-day if we had the
power.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee is in or-
der I am content.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion is not in order, according to the practice
of the House.
Mr. JONES. Will the Chair have the 56th
rule read ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to submit a point to
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend,
until the rule is read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to pass 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ten-
nessee has already a question of order before the
I Chair.
J Mr. JONES. An appeal is not debatable; and
| theiefore it is not in order for me to make any
| explanation. But I desire that the 56th rule may
! be read, which 1 think is most clear and explicit,
j The Clerk then read the 56th rule; which is as
' follows:
j "When a motion has been once made, and carried in the
j affirmative or negative, it shall be in order tot any member
ot iltc majority to move tor a reconsideration thereof on the
same or succeeding day, and such motion shall take prece-
dence oi'all other <iue>tions. except amotion to adjourn, and
shall not be withdrawn after said succeeding day without
the consent ol the Hon^e, and thereatter any member may
call it up ior consideration."
The SPEAKER. The Chair states that the
i universal practice of this body has been to regard
>' a vote to lay a motion to reconsider upon the table
as final; unless the bill be resuscitated by a motion
| made in order, which would take it from the table.
| Mr. JONI- S, of Tennessee. If 1 may be per-
i mitted one remark 
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
; suspend his remarks until the Chair has ex-
i.plained.
It will be recollected, by the gentleman from
Tennessee and others, that the same question of
order was made at nearly the close of the last ses-
sion of Congress; the decisions m the case have
been unifoim; and the Chair vfill remark, that if
the practice be reversed we shall hardly ever see
the end of any bill about which there is contro-
versy on this floor. It will be for the House,
however, to determine what its practice shall be
in that respect; the Chair is not disposed to change
that practice; he thinks that it is a very good one.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 understand*
Mr. Speaker, that the deficiency bill was defeated
yesterday? * •
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. STEPHENS. And the motion was then
made to reconsider the vote by which that bill was
defeated; and that that motion be laid upon the
table. Upon the latter motion theie were—yeas
89, (as now reported,) nays 88. If the Speaker
should vote " no," of course that motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table would fail.
I hold that the Speaker must vote. His vote may
change the result, and under the rules he is re-
quired to cast it. I therefore now call upon the
Speaker to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the right, under
the Constitution, equal to any other member, to
cast his vote. He has cast his vote, and is not
now disposed to change it.
| Mr. CL1NGMAN. I do rrot know thait there
| is any objection to again referring the deficiency
i bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, if it be
i desired. I agree with the Chair on the point of
order; but I hope, by general consent, that the bill
may be recommitted, if the Committee of Ways
and Means want to have it again. 1 presume some
of its appropriations are proper in the opinion of
every member. In this way we might get out of
the difficulty, if nobody objects.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina proposes that, by the unanimous consent
of the House, the deficiency bill be recommitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means. Is there
objection ?
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to a decision made during the
Thirty-First Congress. It arose on the Texas, or
New Mexi -an, boundary bill. An amendment
submitted by the present Presiding Officer failed.
A motion to reconsider the vote by which it was
rejected was laid upon the table. Then, if my
recollection be right, a motion was made to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion to reconsider
was laid upon the table. The Speaker decided
that motion to reconsider could be made, and in
that decision he was sustained by the House.
Mr. ORR. 1 do not thmk thegentleman's recol-
lection is correct.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] is mistaken in regard to the
history of that case. Itis true that the amendment
to attach the Mexican territorial bill as an amend-
ment to the boundary bill was voted down; it is true
that vote was reconsidered; it is true that it was
voted down a second time; it is also true that this
House overruled the decision of the Chair, declar-
ing it could not be reconsidered a second time,
notwithstanding an amendment had been made. I
suppose that, is the only case of the kind on the
record of any deliberative body. The times were
revolutionary, gentlemen will recollect. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair in this case. The case of the
Texas boundary bill is not at all analogous to this.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, lsYhisques-
tion debatable?
The SPEAKER.. It is not debatable.
Mr. JONES. I only want to state the grounds
of my appeal, and that I have a right to do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has a right to state the grounds of his ap-
peal; but he has not a right to make an argument
upon it.
Mr. JONES. I do not purpose making any
argument, but merely wish to state the ground of
my appeal, which is this : Under the 56th rule of
this House I, having voted yesterday with the
ma|ority to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, have a right on this day to move for a re-
consideration of that vote, it being a vote of this
House on a motion made, and I voting with the
majority. This right is clearly secured under the
