1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
amendment, oi'dered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS C. NYE.
The bill for the relief of Thomas C. Nye, re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, was next announced.
Mr. RUSK. The Serfktor from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] who reported the bill, is not present. I
ask that it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
URI EMMONS'S PATENT.
The next biil on the Calendar was one for the
relief of the heirs of the late Uri Emmons.
Mr. FISH. That will be objected to. Let it
pass over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
SAMUEL BRAY.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Bray was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Samuel Bray, late keeper of the Dog;
island light-house, such amount, not exceeding
$500, as he may, upon satisfactory proof, find to
be the loss sustained by him during the gales of
the 23d and 24th of August, 1851.
The biH was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
TAMPICO VOLUNTEERS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar, is one for the relief of theTampico
Volunteers, reported from theCommittee on Mili-
tary Affairs, which will now have its second read-
ing.
It proposes to recognize the several companies
of volunteers called into service by Colonel Wil-
liam Gates, by his order dated Tampico, February
25, 1847, and known as Tampico Volunteers, as
having been in the military service of the United
States, in the years 1847 and 1848, and to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department to audit and pay the accounts of the
officers and men constituting the companies, in
accordance with the established regulations of the
Department.
During the Mexican war, on the 29th February,
1847, Colonel William Gates, by his special or-
der, No. 7, directed Major Morris to enroll and
organize all the citizens of Tampico, Mexico,
into companies of fifty men each, selecting the offi-
cers to be approved of by the commanding officer.
In obedience to this order, Major Morris did or-
ganize four companies, called the Tampico Vol-
unteers, who served as such about twelve months
for which service they have never been paid.
In the similar cases of the Louisiana troops
called out by General Gaines, and of the Texas
mounted men called out by Colonel Curtiss, at
Camargo, Congress made special appropriations
for their payment. The committee consider the
Tampico Volunteers equally entitled to compensa-
tion for their services.
The bill was objected to, and was passed over.
SENECA G. SIMMONS.
The bill for the relief of Seneca G. Simmons,
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to instruct the proper accounting
officers of theTreasury Department, in settling the
accounts of Seneca G. Simmons, as assistant
commissary of subsistence, to allow him credit
for whatever sum of money belonging to the Uni-
ted States he may prove, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of War, to have been stolen from his
possession at Matamoros, Mexico, on the night
of the 11th of April, 1847. But the amount to be
allowed is not to exceed $1,500.
The petitioner prays to be released from his lia-
bility to account for $1,500, Government money,
stolen from his possession in Mexico, while he
was assistant commissary of subsistence, and sta-
tioned at Matamoros.
From the report of testimony taken before a
military commission, ordered by Colonel Cushmg,
at Matamoros, on the 13th of April, 1847, it ap-
pears that Simmons, as assistant commissary of
subsistence, had in his possession large sums of
money for the use of the United States troops in
that vicinity; for want of an iron chest (for which
he had made requisition) he was compelled to keep
the public money in a strong wooden box; and on
the night of the 11th April, 1847, the room in
which that and other boxes containing money
were kept, was entered by robbers, the lock of the
box was broken, and the sum of $1,500 abstracted
therefrom. The evidence shows conclusively that
the robbery did not result from any negligence or
carelessness on the part of the petitioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SAMUEL W. BRADY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar, is one from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the relief of Samuel W. Brady,
which has been reported from the Committee on
Pensions.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Samuel W. Brady,
of Virginia, on the roll of invalid pensions, and
pay to him four dollars per month during his nat-
ural life, to commence January 1, 1850.
Brady claims to have received an injury byafall
from the walls of Chapultepec, in the battle of
13th of September, 1847, which entitles him to a
pension. He was discharged from the regiment
of voltigeurs in March, 1848, for the reasons
given by the surgeon, that he labored under
chronic rheumatism and chronic catarrh, both of
an intractable character, and general debility.
The papers appear to have been regular before
the Commissioner of Pensions, with the exception
that the claim was based on injuries received whiie
scaling the walls of Chapultepec, which fact did
not appear from the surgeon's certificate, or from
that of Lieutenant Perm; but the latter certifies
that he wan in the battle of Chapultepec, and that
after the battle he was on the sick list, in the city
of Mexico, and was discharged some months
after that battle on the surgeon's certificate of dis-
ability, not having performed any duty from the
time of the battle.
Mr. CLAYTON objected to the consideration
of the bill, and it was'passed over.
MAUZY AND WARD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Fayette Mauzy and Robert G. Ward, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to credit the judgmentob-
tained by the United Sfates against Mauzy and
Ward, in the district court of the United States
for the eastern district of Virginia, amounting to
$615 62|, with interest, from the 2d of April, 1841,
with the amount certified by that court to have
been improperly paid by Ward in a suit in chan-
cery, wherein the United States were complain-
ants, and John Morrison and others, defendants,
the amount being $491 97, with interest on $366 77
from the 18th of September, 1840, which was cer-
tified by the court, as justly due by the United
States to Ward.
The United States recovered, in the district court
of the United States for the eastern district of
Virginia, a judgment against the petitioners for the
sum of $615 62|, with interest thereon from the
2d day of April, 1841—t'he same being the amount
due the Post Office Department by William Ward,
late postmaster at Culpeper Court-House, Virginia.
The United States recovered, in another suit in the
same court, but at a different term, a decree in
chancery against John Morrison and others; and,
from the proceedings had therein, it appears that
Robert G. Ward, one of the defendants, had er-
roneously paid to the United States a sum equal
to $499 97, with interest thereon at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, from the 18th day of Sep-
tember, 1840; and the court certified as follows:
" And the court doth further certify its opin-
ion that, in equity and justice, the said sum of
$499 97, with interest as aforesaid on $366 77,
part thereof, from the 18th day of September, 1840,
ought to be refunded by the United States to the
said defendant, Robert G. Ward."
The petitioners ask that the first judgment may
have applied towards its discharge the amount
certified by the court, in the suit in chancery, as
due to one of them, (Robert G. Ward,) and which
ought to be refunded by the United States-
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
THOMAS CROWN.
The next bill on the Calendar, was one fdr the
relief of Thomas Crown, reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, which was read a second time.
It proposes to direct the Third Auditor of the
Treasury to ascertain the damages sustained by
Thomas Crown, by reason of the refusal of the
War Department to execute a contract entered
into by him with Captain George Blaney, on the
part or the Government, on the 16th of March,
1826, and to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the damages thus ascertained, to an amount
not exceeding $6,000.
j In 1826 Mr. Crown entered into a contract v?ith
| Captain Blaney, acting for the Government of the
j United States, for the delivery of three millions
j of bricks at Oak Island, on Cape Fear river, in
j North Carolina, at $7 75 per thousand, to be used
! m the construction of a fortification. He imme-
\ diately made the necessary preparations, at large
' expense and outlays, and commenced making
i the bricks, according to his contract. In July he
! was prepared to deliver eight hundred thousand
| bricks, and did actually deliver five thousand; but
! Captain Blaney refused to receive the remainder,
I and insisted (as is alleged) that the memorialist
i should transfer the contract to one Potter. This
j he resisted for considerable time, and urged upon
j Captain Blaney his obligation to receive and pay
! for the bricks, according to the contract. At last,
i his funds becoming exhausted, and Captain Bla-
; ney persisting; in his refusal to receive the bricks,
; the memorialist was forced to yield, and sold to
I Potter the bricks on hand and the contract with
: Captain BiSfiey, who subsequently received from
1 Potter, as satisfactory, the identical bricks that he
, had refused to receive from Crown.
, The committee concur in the opinion that the
i memorialist would have been able to fulfill his con-
i tract, and would have done so, but for the inter-
ference of Captain Blaney; that he was coerced
by Blaney to sell out to Potter; and that the vio-
lation of the contract was on the part of the Gov-
ernment. The question of damage alone remains.
Crown states his damage at $6,000, but offers no
proof to sustain this amount. The difference be-
tween the price received from Potter and the con-
tract price should be the measure of damages
upon this point. The committee are satified that
the bricks made by Crown were as good as Any
that were obtained, and should have been received,
and that he should be saved from loss incurred
entirely through the fault of theauthorized agent
of the Government.
Mr. TOOMBS objected to the consideration of
the bill. He subsequently withdrew his objec-
tion, butit was renewed by Mr. HUNTER; and
the bill was passed over.
ANTHONY G. WILLIS.
The bill from the House of Representatives, for
the relief of the heirs of Anthony G. Willis, de-
ceased, reported from the Committee on Claims,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay $251 to the executors and
administrators of Anthony G. Willis, deceased, as
compensation for the use, by the United States, of
a wagon and team, duringthe last war with Great
Britain.
In the year 1814 Willis was the owner of a
wagon and team m Kentucky, where he lived; he
had one Benjamin T. Rowe employed in driving
the team; at Lexington, Kentucky, whither it had
been driven with a load of hemp, Captain George
Stockton, an officer of the United States Army,
being in great need of the means of transporta-
tion for his troops, pressed the wagon and team
and diiver into service; and they were carried be-
yond Dayton, in Ohio, towards the Canada line,
and subsequently back to Nashville, Tennessee,
laden with wounded soldiers of the regular Army.
They were kept in the active and constant employ
of the Government till the services amounted,
according to the rates of pay then established and
allowed, to $251, and Captain Stockton gave a cer-
tificate for that sum; the certificate was sent on to
Washington for payment, by Mr. Zane, the Rep-
resentative in Congress from the district in which
Willis lived, and the accounting officer rejected it
S because it contained an interlineation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
