1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
of the Senate and the House unanimously came
to the conclusion that the whole matter should be
put into the hands of somebody who would sefi
to it, and get the plates along as fast as possible,
in order keep up with the accumulation of printed
matter. So far as the Senate is concerned, 1 re-
peat, and I am instructed to repeat, that there has
been no imputation whatever, of any kind, on
the officer in charge of it here. The difficulty
arises in the other body.
Now, with regard to the amendment of the
Senator from California, the only difficulty that
arises in my mind is, that if you join the Secretary
of the Senate with the Superintendent of Public
Printing, it may be necessary, on the part of the
House, to join somebody there to them. I do
not know that there would be any objection to it;
but it would seem natural that both should have
an officer on their part connected with it. I only
suggest this. I have no particular opposition to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California. I do not know that it is improper,
but my expeiience has been that business of this
kind is always done better and more promptly
by one individual than by a committee or by a
commission, or by a number of individuals.
Mr. BADGER. The supposed necessity for
this amendment, as { understand the matter from
the explanations which have been made, arises
from this fact: When engraving have been or-
dered for the Senate, and where the contract has
had to be made by our Secretary, he has made it
promptly; but the contractor, in some cases, de-
lays to execute the contiact. In the other House
the same thing happens. Now, sir, I do not see
how the fact of the contract being made by the
Superintendent of Public Printing will have any
greater tendency to insure the prompt execution
of it by the contractor than if that same contract
were made by the Secretary of the Senate. The
amendment proposes that suits shall be brought
against the contractor. That may all be very well;
but why cannotsuits be brought upon our system
of letting out. the engraving now just as well and
just as effectually as upon the proposed new sys-
tem ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senatorallow me
to say that the difficulty arises from the fact that
the contracts are not made m the other House at
the proper time?
Mr. BADGER. If the contracts are not made
in the other branch of Congress, allow me to say
it ceases to be a matter of any importance to us
"in the Senate, because, by an amendment which
was put upon the deficiency bill during this ses-
sion, we have separated the connection between
the two Houses in regard to their printing. When
printing is hereafter oidered by the Senate, it is
not to be done by the printer of the House when
the House has already ordered the printing of the
document, but the printer of each House is to do
the priming of that House respectively. Now,
therefore, the pioposition here is to make a pro-
spective amendment to the law, which is unne-
cessary; for, according to the statement, the diffi-
culty aiises in the House; while our engraving is
done promptly. Then there is no necessity for
the amendment for past cases; and astofutuie
cases, we nave no connection with the House.
Our own printer is to do our printing, and our
own engraving is to be done under the direction
of ourselves. Therefore, if our Secretary makes
a contract, and the contractor does not comply
with it, he can be sued; and I do not see what
virtue there will be, so far as the Senate is con-
cerned, in a bond given by the contractor to the
Superintendent of the Public Printing, which would
not he m a bond taken by the Secretary of the
Senate. Besides, as I mentioned when I com-
menced, I am exceedingly unwilling to give any
further control over the public printing or engrav-
iitg, or over any of the operations of the Senate,
to any executive officer, than he now has by law.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. So far as regards the
casting of censure on that officer, I assure the Sen-
ate that I have never heard the slightest intima-
tion of it, or any intimation that he has been dere-
lict in his duty.
Mi ■ B \ DUER. What officer?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Secretary of the
Senate.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator allow me
to say 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I do not charge you
with that.
Mr. WELLER. I did not intend, in the slight-
est degree, to reflect upon the Secretary.
Mr. FIIZPATRiCK. I did not mean that
you did. I have never heard any intimation that
he has been at uli derelict m his duty. But, sir,
the proposition submitted by the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, is one that engaged the
serious attention of the committee, and let me as- ,
sure Senators that they are not aware of the trouble i
and embarrassments which are connected wiih i
that matter. They are involved in mystery; and ]
although I have been connected with the commit- '
tee, during the greater part of this session, I am ;
frank to say that I am not well enough informed .
now of the duties which attach to that office. Vou i
must take some gentleman who has clearer senses
than mine, to understand all the things which '
attach to such a question. |
The great inducement which prompted the offer- j
ing of the amendment, was to simplify the subject, i
to put it in some form and shape which the com - :
mittee would comprehend, and to enable us to |
hasten forward the work. Now, I will ask you, j
sir, and every Senator, where is the necessity of |
connecting the Secretary of the Senate with this (
matter, when you have an officer singled out by
the President of the United States for his Intel- '
hgence, for his capacity, to superintend the print- !
mg,and everything connected with it? He has 1
charge of, and supet vises everything connected j
with it, and all that we ask now, is, while carry- !
ing on the work, to locate the responsibility upon 1
hnn, and to obviate the necessary embarrassments
which now do surround the printing, and to say ,
that he shall contract forall the plates and engiav-
mgs. Is there anything exceptionable in that? ,
Is there any alarming power to be delegated to j
that officer? By no means. But, I venture to say, j
the Secretary of the Senate would be glad to be I
rid of that duty. We do not ask for the putting !
of anything at the disposal of the Superintendent, J
but, we ask simply, as he has to supervise every i
other matter connected with the public printing, j
that he shall have the power to advertise for the
engravings to carry on the work.
The object, the whole design, the intention of
the committee is to simplify and put this matter
in such a form that the work shall progress and
be accomplished without delay. Is there any
great necessity, I,repeat, why the Secretary of the j
Senate should acrjointly wnh the Superintendent 1
of the Public Printing? The proposition simply is, ;
to give the Superintendent the power to purchase '
the plates under contract, and if there should be ,
any thing improper in his conduct he would be re- j
sponsible to this body. These are the reasons j
which prompted the joint committee to submit the
amendment. We want this matter put in such a '
shape that this officer can carry on the work with j
more expedition, so that we need not be delayed in j
receiving what we order. If the amendment con- jl
templated putting at hisdisposition a large amount ;!
of money, or if the contacts were such us should jl
not be delegated to the discretion of any individ- Ij
ual, 1 assure you that i should be the last man to !
delegate such a power. Butthe amount necessary i
to be involved in the purchase of these plates is j
small, and J do assure you that by the adoption (
of this amendment, you will add greatly to the j{
dispatch of the business. I hope the Senate will ;i
agree to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote against this ■!
amendment, because it is an attempt to legislate ;
upon the public printing by way of an amendment '
on the general appropriation bill. I am opposed |
to the present priming system, and hope when it .1
properly comes up, on the report of a committee, ;
to see a different one introduced. Therefore, I am I
opposed to amending this bill by attaching to it j
such a provision in a place where we can have no !j
proper discussion upon it. I shall, therefore, vote ;!
against the amendment. i]
Mr. EVANS. I desire to say a few words on !
this subject. As chairman of the committee ap- j
pointed to superintend the contingent expenses of j
the Senate, this thing has come under my super- '
' vision, for the Secretaiy of the Senate, in no in-
stance, has undertaken to make contracts without !
1 the consent of the committee. If seems to wie,as
we have thought proper to sever the printing of
the Senate entirely from that of the House, and to .j
! have no connection with it, we ought to have it I)
entirely under our own officer. If the Senate de-
sires a document to be printed, the bare order in-
dicates that the printer of the Senate is to do the
work. This amendment proposes to take from
the control of the Secretary of the Senate the en-
giavmgs, and give them to a man who is not an
officer of the Senate, but an officer of Congress of
both Houses; and, therefore, for consistency and
propriety's sake it would seem to me that things
had better remain as they are. It is within my
personal knowledge that there has been no delay
in any of the engravings ordered by the Senate,
except perhaps m one instance, in which the con-
tractor instead of furnishing them when he should
have sent them here, sent an excuse. In every
instance where the thing has been practicable, it
has been done piomptly and efficiently.
I have thought it necessary to say this much in
vindication of the Secretary of the Senate', if he
needs any vindication. He does not desire thia
sort of patronage. It may be desired elsewhere;
he does not desire it, and, therefore, it is not be-
cause he desires it that I have felt any inclination
to say anything; but it is because, if you adopt the
amendment, you will spoil the symmetry of your
system The printing of the two Houses is en-
tirely disconnected, and that of each is carried on
under its own officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from California to the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I do not wish to embarrass
the proposition, and for reasons satisfactory to me,
which it is not necessary to mention, I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. BADGER.. I move, in accordance with
the idea thrown out by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] to strike out the words
" Superintendent of Public Printing," and insert
" Secretary of the Senate."
Mr. JOHNSON. This subject was under dis-
cussion in the joint committee of the two Houses,
and met with their unanimous concuirence. As
to agreeing to the amendment or not agreeing to
it, 1 do not care a cent what is done with it. itis
perfectly immaterial to me.' The Senate may leave
its business just as it is if they choose. It is suf-
ficient to say that the committees of the two Houses
were unanimous in coming to the conclusion that
the matter should be conducted in a different man-
ner, if we hoped to arrive at any good result.
In regard to one point about which some Sena-
tors have displayed some sensitiveness unnecessa-
rily, for there was no occasion for it, as far as I
was concerned at least, as to the performance of his
duties by the Secretary of the Senate. I will state,
as I thought 1 had sufficiently stated before, that
there is no blame cast upon that officer for his
method in the discharge of his duty, and I have
still fuither reason, on making further inquiry into
the matter, to say that that officer has discharged
his duty unexceptionably. - J have heard noth-
ing to the contrary,and I have implied nothing to
the contrary; but the joint committee deemed that
it was necessary to do something in oider to have
an effective system, and they have presented, as
the means which they propose, the amendment,
believing that the business s!-ould be concentiated,
if we expect it to be we'l done. If the Senate
chooses to vole it down, I care not.
Mr. Badger's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr JOHNSON". The amendment has now
been amended. The object, 1 presume, is attained.
The whole amendment is killed. The House can-
not be expected to agree that the Secretary of the
Senate shall act as their agent, to manage their
matter of engraving, and supersede their own
Committee on Engraving. I shall therefore vote
against the whole amendment.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Commi'tee on Printing
have instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the clause making appropri-
ation for the paper and printing of the Senate:
Provided, That whenever it shall be the opinion of the
Ct'inmntfc on Printing that the character of any document
ordered to ho p in red may render such change neees-ary,
the size may be changed from octavo io quarto form; but
in no case shall the puce to be pa'd for composition and
pre^s woik exceed the pro r-rta a« f-staMis-in'd i>) the print-
ing act of Augusl ;2i>, 1 £52, tor Uie punting of congres-
sionwj documents.
This originates in consequence of the fact that
in some works—as in the case of Gillies's Report,
