1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
rule, to me and to each of the other eighty-eight
persons who voted with me on that occasion.
A Member. Is not this debating the question ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; I am not debating, or
making an argument. 1 am simply stating my
ri^ht, and the ground of appeal. And I would
refer the Chair to one case analogous, to some ex-
tent, with this one, which occurred m the Thirty-
First Congress. That was a case where amotion
was made to lay a bill upon the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, I submit, Mr. Speaker,
that this is debating the question.
Mr. JONES. If thegentleman from Maryland
will wait J shall be done in a minute. 1 was
referring to a case, Mr. Speaker, that occurred in
the Thirty-First Congress, where a motion was
made to lay a bill upon the table. That vote was j
negatived. The Bouse continued in the consider-
ation of that bill till the adjournment. Under the
practice of this House the bill went to the Speak-
er's table. On the next day, one of those who had
voted against laying the bill upon the table moved
a reconsideration of the vote I made the ques-
tion that this could not be done; that it was such
a motion as the rules of the house prohibited 
Mr. HUNT. I call'the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to order. He is out of order, and has been
already overruled, but he contumaciously peisists
in occupying the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, (continuing.) And the House
sustained the motion 
Mr. HAMILTON, (interrupting.) I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr DAVIS, of Indiana. And on that motion
I call the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question: If this bill had been decided, either by a
• vote rejecting or passing it, it would be in order to
move for a reconsideration of that vote. In this
case, a motion was madeto reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected, and that motion was
laid upon the table. What did the House do by lay-
ing that motion upon the table ? It determined that
it would not reconsider the vote by which the bill
was rejected.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
moves to reconsider the vole by which the motion
to reconsider was laid upon the table. The Chair
states, that the practice of this body has been uni-
form on this subject; and he thinks he may defy
the gentleman from Tennessee, or any other mem-
ber, to point to a single case in the history of this
House differing from the course which the Chair
here deems to be the correct one; which is, that a
motion to lay upon the table such a vote as that
is final, until it be in order to take that vote or bill
from the table.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to ask the Chair one
question. It may not be improper to state that
my recollection is different from that of the Chair.
But the question I desire to propound is—conced-
ing the usage—if the usage is contradicted by the
epxress statute provisions, what is the usage
worth ?
Mr. PECKHAM. A good interpretation of
the statute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Decision under the
common-law would not do against the statute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
swered the question of the gentleman from Ohio,
in simply stating the fact, that the uniform practice
of the House has been in such cases to make the
vote final, and it has been final in regard to every
bill. If It is the wish of the House to change its
own practice, it is a matter of propriety which it
can determine for itself-
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will withdiaw
his motion, and that the House will not reverse
its lon<*-estabUshed and judicious practice. 1 take
it for granted that the House will pass all neces-
sary appropriations for deficiencies, and if tnere
are any provisions in this bill which are wiong
the House can rectify the wrong; and I therefore
suggest that they let this bill rest upon the table
until Monday next, when a motion can be made
to suspend the rules; and under that suspension
the bill can be taken up, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES. There is another difficulty in the
way of that. This bill has been engrossed, and
no committee, nor the House itself, can amend an
engrossed bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to ask one sin-
gle question. I wish to know if this is anything
more than a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House laid the motion to reconsider
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. Nothing more.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the House would give
its general consent to make a compromise, by
allowing me to introduce a bill to the House, and
by having it referred to the Committee of the
Whole <Jn the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is not order, if ob-
jected to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Georgia. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
gentleman cannot offer the bill.
Mr. McMULLlN. What is the question be-
fore the House?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion to lay upon
the table the appeal taken by the gentleman from
Tennessee from the decision of the Chair. Upon
that question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House? " it
was put, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 134,
nays 35; as follows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Aik*>n, Appleton, A«he, Thomas II. j
Bavly, Ball, Benson, Bissell, Rlise, Bocock, Bovce, Breck-
inridge, Bugs?, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chaplain, j
Chrisman, Cliueman, Colquitt, Corwin, Cax, Craige, Cui j
lom, John G. Davis, Thorna* Davis, Dawson, Dent. Dick, 1
Dowdeli, Drum, Dunham, Edgprton, Edmands Edmund- j
son, Kllison, English, Ewing, Farley, Fanlkner, Teuton, ;
Flagler, Franklin, Fuller. Gidriings, Goorie, Greenwood, j
Grey, Hamilton, Aaion Harlan, Sampson W. Hanis,
Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks Henn, Hibb.inl, I
Hill, Hillyor, Houston, Hunt, John-on, DsiniPl
T. Jones, Roland Jones, Keir, Kittmisie, Knox, Kurtz,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, LuiiMey, Mc<'ullooh, MeMnlhn,
McNair, M<tce, Maite^on, Maxwell, Meaohnm, Middles-
warth, John G. Miller, Morgan, Morrison. Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Peckham. John Perkins, Phelps Pratt, Preston, Prin«le,
Puiyear, Ready, Reete, David Ritchie, Xhomas Ritchey,
Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sahin, Sage, Sapp, Seymour,
{Shannon, Simmons, Skelton, Germ Smith. William Smith,
George W. Smyth, Snodgra«s, Frederick P. Stnnton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stratum. Andrew Smart, John L. Tay-
lor, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Walker, Walsh,
Warren, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wheeler, Witte, and Zoih-
coffer—134.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Banks, Barksdale,
Barry, Belcher, Chandler, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb,
Ciocker, Dickinson, Di*ncy, Dunbar, Eastman, Everhart,
Florence, Gieen, Grow, Iliester, H ughes, George W. Jones,
Lane, Mac^onald, Maey, Smith Miller, Millson. Penning-
ton, Bishop Perkins, Richardson, Riddle, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Het-torL. Stevens, Thurston, Israel Wa&hhum, Wells,
and Hendriek B. Wnght—35.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON". As I understand, the objec-
tion to the introduction of the bill which I before
offered is withdrawn by the gentleman who made
it, I now ask to introduce it, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is a°;ain made,
and it is not in order to piesent the bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, ond that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would suggest to the
gentleman that we had better first dispose of the
business upon the Speaker's table, which is of a
private character.
Mr. EDGERTON. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
The SPEAKER. The-first business upon the
Speaker's table is the bill which will now be re-
ported by the Clerk.
The following bill was then read, by its title:
<< A bill for the relief of Harriet Leavenworth,
widow of the late Brevet General Leavenworth.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs upon
the demand for the previous question, which was
made when the bill was last under consideration.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that the bill
may be read.
The bill was read in exfenso.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
shall place the name of said Harriet Leaven-
! worth upon the pension roll at the rate of $30 per
! month, for the period of five years, from February
' 1,1853.
I The question recurring upon the demand for
! the previous question—
| Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers, which
were ordered; and Messrs.'Campbxxx and Vail
appoint&L . -~
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The main question being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed, and read"a third time, it was put,
and decided in the affirmative. t
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it'
was read the third time,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table.
The question then being,4< Shall the bill pass?"
it was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The bill' coming up next in order upon the
Speaker's table was the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Edwards. This bill provides forgranting
him a pension, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the Jst day of January,
1854, and to continue during five years. The
committee propose the following amendments to
the bill: In line sixth to strike out the word
"four,"and in the seventh line to strike out the
words " five years" and insert in lieu thereof the
words {* his natural life."
The several amendments were agreed to.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The House next proceeded to consider the hill
for the relief of Anthony G. Willis, deceased, with
the amendment reported by the Committee of the
Whole House.
The bill was read through by the Clerk. It
provides for the payment of $251 to the heirs of
the late Anthony G. Willis, deceased,as compen-
sation for the use of a wagon by the United States
during the last war with Great Britain.
Theamendmentstrikesout the words " heirs,"
and inserts the words " executors and administra-
tors."
The question was put, and the amendment
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and having been
engrossed, was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
The following Senate bills were next taken up
in their order, severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred, as indicated be-
low:
An act (No. 36) "for the relief of William
Senna Factor." Referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
|j An act (No. 166) " to incorporate the George-
town Gas-Light Company " Referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
An act (No. 184) " for the relief of Mrs. Eliz-
abeth C. Smith, of Missouri." Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. "The business next in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and.that the House resolve itseif into
a Committee of the Whole House.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the WhoJe House, (Mr. Wright,
of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the Private Calendar.
The chairman stated that the first business
in oi d er was the consideration of Senate bill (No. 2)
" to indemnify the State of Indiana for the failure
of title to a township of land granted to said State
on her admission into the Union in 1816.
The Clerk read the hill.
It provides, that whereas, by a decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, made Aprd
25 1853, the Slate of Indiana has lost one of the
two townships of land granted to her for the use
of aState University, and has becomeliabte to re-
fund to a private corporation the proceeds of the
✓
