398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
sale of said lands, the Governor of sai&State is
hereby authorized to select out of the ianus of the
United States within said Slate, subject to private
entry, nineteen thousand and forty acres of land in
legal subdivisions: Provided, That the proceeds of
said lands when sold shall he, and forever remain,
a fund for the use of the Indiana University.
The question now being on ordering the bill to
be laid aside to be reported to the House, it was
put, and £he Chairman announced that it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. MILLSON, (rising before the decision was
announced.) 1 should like to have some informa-
tion about this bill from my friend from Indiana,
{Mr. Dunham.]
Mr. DUNHAM. I should be happy to make
any explanation the gentleman desires, but the
-question having been decided, it is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision has been
withdrawn, to allow the gentleman from Virginia
to make a statement.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to know what
$>ower the Chair has to withdraw it?
The CHAIRMAN. Thed^cision had not been
announced at the time the gentleman from Virginia
rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. I am exceedingly reluctant
to make opposition to a bill which my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] seems to take great
interest in, and I should not have done so but for
the very peculiar circumstances in which I am
placed. I beg leave briefly to recount those cir-
cumstances, that the House may see the very un-
willing position in which I have been placed in
reference to this bill.
On the third day of the present session of Con-
gress, this bill, having been passed by the Senate,
was brought to the House of Representatives, and
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] desired
that it should be put immediately upon its pas-
sage, stating that it was a bill which had passed
both Houses of the last Congress, and had only
failed to receive the Executive signature because
of an accident of some sort, which, 1 believe, he
did not explain, but which prevented the attention
of the President from being called to it. At that
time I knew nothing whatever of the bill. All
that I did, when the effort was made to pass it
without reference to the Committee of the Whole,
or any one of the standing committees of the
House, was to ask that it should be referred, being
impressed with the mischiefs which resulted from
this practice at the last Congress, and not having
the least knowledge of the nature of the bill—not
desirous to make any sort of opposition to the
bill on its merits, but believing 
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbuky Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, notifying the House that that body had
passed bills of the following titles^
S. No. 44. "An act for the benefit of the heir-
at-law of Lieutenant C. A. Wickliffe."
H. R No. 200. "An act to confirm to Herculeg
L. Dousman his title to farm lot, No. 32, adjoin-
ing the town of Prairie du Chien, in the State of
Wisconsin."
H. R. No. 197. "An act supplemental to an act
entitled 'An act to ascertain and settle the private
land claims in the State of California,' approved,
March 3, 1851."
Mr. MILLSON,(resuming ) I was observing,
Mr. Chairman, that believing if the House couid
then be induced m a case seemingly so strong as
that then presented to its consideration to refer
this bill to one of the standing committees, or the
Committee of the Whole House, that we should
establish a precedent from which we should not
be apt to depart; 1 urged its reference, and I did so
the more readily because I believed, from the cir-
cumstance of this bill having passed both Houses
at the Thirty-Second Congress, and its early intro-
duction here at this, that it would be the first bill
upon the Private Calendar, would be soon reached,
and again passed. I feit that I was not subjecting
my friend from Indiana to the risk of losing the
bill by submitting the motion which I then made
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole House.
The bill having been referred, I intended to do
nothing1 more. I did not direct my attention to
the subject afterward until the period I am about
to name.
My accidental connection with the bill in press-
ing Its reference to a Committee of the Whole
■House, induced some gentleman, whom I must be
excused from naming—a gentleman, doubtless,
conversant with the whole subject—to inform me
that there were objections to the bill, which he
suggested that I should look into. Really, I have
so much matter to attend to appertaining to the
interests of my own constituents, that I have but
little leisure to examine bills affecting other gen-
tlemen, and other States; and I should not then
have deemed it to be my duty to have looked into
this question, but my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Dunham] came and conversed with me on the
subject, for the purpose of satisfying me that the
bill had merits, and ought to pass—perhaps, un-
fortunately for him, for I might not myself have
made any investigation of the point, but for the
very views and documents to which he called my
attention.
And I will now state, that I have never made
any examination of the question, except from the
papers that my friend from Indiana himself called
to my attention. Yet, from these very papers, be-
ing persuaded that the bill ought not to pass, or if
it pass at all that it ought not to pass in the form
in which it has been now presented to the House,
I deem it my duty—a d uty which I discharge most
reluctantly and unwillingly—to state to the com-
mittee some of the reasons which have operated,
on my own mind.
Mr. Chairman, the facts as I understand them,
are these: Sometime in the year 1804, Congress
reserved for the use of a seminary of learning, in
the State of Indiana, or in the region of country
which is now the State of Indiana, a whole town-
ship of land. If 1 misstate the facts, I desire that
any gentleman who takes an interest m the passage
of the bill, may correct me as I proceed. There
were three townships of land reserved in three
land districts—the district of Vmcennes, the dis-
trict of Kaskaskia, and the district of Detroit.
These lands were reserved for the use of a sem-
inary oflearning, without specifying for what sem-
inary of learning. Some two years afterwards
the Legislature of Indiana chartered the Vincennes
University, and it was held by the supreme court
of that State, or rather by the Supreme Court of
the United States, that that institution, under the
act of the Senatorial Legislature of Indiana, was
entitled to the benefit of the township reserved by
the acts of 1804.
After Indiana became a State—or perhaps in the
bill which authorized her admission as a State—
Congress reserved for the use of a seminary of
learning, and vested in the Legislature for that use,
another township of land in addition to the one
formerly reserved. You will observe, sir, that the
act of 1816 did not grant to the State of Indiana two
townships of land in addition to the one heretofore
reserved. The State of Indiana afterwards, through
her Legislature, granted these two townships—the
one which h«id vested in the Vincennes University,
and the one reserved by the act of 1816—to the
Indiana State University. The Vincennes Univer-
sity, however, claimed the land as belongingtoit,
and instituted a suit, which is now pending in the
supreme court of the State of Indiana, for the re-
covery of the township which was first reserved
by the actof 1804. The supreme court of the State
dismissed the bill brought by the Vincennes Col-
lege or University. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and, by a
majority of the Supreme Court, the decree of the
supreme court of theStateof Indiana was reversed,
and the oase was remanded to the supreme court
of the State of Indiana for further proceedings.
It is in this state of things that the State of In-
diana, or some of her Representatives here, apply
to Congress to indemnify her for the loss of the
township of land recovered by the Vincennes Uni-
versity from the Indiana State University.
And now, sir, the committee wilt perceive that
several grave objections to the passage of this bill
present themselves. In the first place, the land
has not been lost to the State University. This
bill assumes that the Vincennes University has
recovered the land from the Indiana State Univer-
sity, and asks Congress to indemnify the State for
theland so recovered by the Vincennes University.
But, in^point of fact, Mr. Chairman, that suit is
now pending and undetermined. The supreme
court of the State of Indiana has never yet even
acted upon the defenses set up in the bill by the
State University. The plea of the statute of limit-
ation was insisted upon by the State University,
and has never yet been decided. They rely also
upon their long adverse possession—upon the lapse
of time. However, the supreme court of the State
of Indiana dismissed the bill without the consid-
eration of those points of objection atall, upon the
ground that the land never vested in the Vincennes
University, and that it therefore had no right to
sue.
That decision of the supreme court of Indiana,
dismissing the bill, has been reversed by the Su-
preme Court of the United St§y.es. But in revers-
ing that particular decision they £ave not put an
end to the litigation. They did not adjudge the
lands to the Vincennes Univeisity, but simply re-
manded the cause to the supreme court of the
State of Indiana for further proceedings; and there
is much reason to believe that, when that cause
comes to be decided by the supreme court of the
State of Indiana, upon the pleas in the record,
they will hold that the lapse of time—the statute
of limitations—will constitute a complete bar to
the recovery of theland claimed by the Vincennes
University.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interrupting.) As the gen-
tleman seems to assert that opinion with great
confidence, I should be glad to have him state the
ground of it. 1 think I shall be able to show to
the committee in five words that there is no ground
whatever for it.
Mr. MILLSON. The grounds of that opinion
are simply these: It is hardly to be supposed that
a plea would be filed m any case, by learned
counsel, insisting upon a lapse of time, and the
statute of limitation, as a bar, unless they ex-
pected, or at least hoped, to succeed in establish-
ing the plea. The grounds are that this lapse of
time has actually occurred—that there is a period
of time after which suits shall not be prosecuted.
But whether the plea shall be successful or not,
still the answer to the gentleman is, that the case
is not decided. The defense has not been over-
ruled, and the case now abides the decision of the
court upon this very question of the statute of lim-
itation, among other questions which have been
presented by the defendants as a bar.
Mr. MACE. I wi.^h to ask the gentleman a
single question. The Supreme Court has decided
that the property never vested in the State Uni-
versity, but that it vested in the Vmcennes Uni-
versity at the time of the grant. Then if the State
University took possession of it, was she not a
trespasser, and could she then successfully set up
the plea of the statute of limitations?
Mr. MILLSON. Thegentleman will perceive
that he calls upon me to do here what it is the
peculiar province of the supreme court of the State
of Indiana to do; and that is, to decide upon the
sufficiency of the plea of the statute of limitations.
If the gentleman insists that I, as a lawyer, should,
pronounce an opinion upon this subject, I should
require the evidence, and I should like to know
the state of the pleadings. What I do mean to
say now is, that this defense has been set up by
the Indiana State University, that the case is still
undecided, and that before Congress undertakes
to indemnify the State of Indiana for the loss of
this township of land, they had better wait until
she loses it. Before we undertake to remunerate
and return to the Indiana State University lands
taken from them by a failure of title, we had belter
wait until a failure of title occurs, or shall be ad-
judged to have occurred. The preamble to this
bill recites:
" WherPH«s, hy a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, made Januaiy 15,1853, tht^ State of Indiana
has lost,"—
speaking in the past tense—
u one out of two townships of land granted to her for the use
of the Stare University, hy ihe act of Apiil, 3810, and has
become liable to refund to private corporations the proceeds
of said township," &c.
There are two mistakes in that recital. In the
first place, the State of Indiana has not lost one of
two townships. She may, for aught I know, at
some* future time, lose one of these two townships
by a decision of her own supreme court; but I
cannot now say that she has lost this township.
It is rather premature to call upon usto indemnify
her for a loss which she may never sustain, and
which, if she ever does sustain, may then, but
not till then, furnish the occasion for this call upon
us for relief. That is the first error in the recital.
The next is, that she has lost one of two town-
ships of land granted to her for the use of the
State University by the act of April, 1816. The
