400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
Jar seminary of learning, should derive the benefits
of this grant. It seems to me, then, thafrso long
as the Siate of Indiana has secured the full benefit
intended to be granted by this act of 1804, and by
the act of 1816—so long as two seminaries of learn-
ing, no matter which, have the possession and en-
gagement of these two townships of land—it is,
sir, a matter of comparatively little importance to
•us that the State University has, or has not, re-
ceived what the State Legislature may have in-
tended to secure to it. What Congress intended
to do has already been done. We have nothing
to do with the controversies between the two Uni-
versities which have grown out of the legislation
of Indiana herself.
I do not think it necessary, Mr. Chairman, to
prolong my remarks. The amendment which I
propose to offer to the bill—though I am bound,
in candor, to say, that even if it should be adopted
it will not remove my objections to the passage of
the bill—the amendment, 1 say, which I propose
to offer, and which 1 have not yet drawn up, will
provide that nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to vest anything in the State of Indiana,
in the event that the suit now pending before the
supreme court of that State shall be determined in
favor of the Indiana State University.
. Mr. DUNHAM. I do not propose to detain
this committee long, bur. I feel it absolutely neces-
sary to present this case fairly before them, and 1
•think, when the history of this whole matter is
fairly and properly brought before them, no doubt
will be entertained of the justness of the proposi-
tion fcfere presented.
Ailfffo me to state, in the first place, that the
very existence of one of the finest institutions of
learning in the whole western country, in my
•opinion, is involved in the decision we this day
make upon ihis bill—an institution of learning
which has been built up upon the beneficent grant
which Congress made to the State of Indiana in
1816; a grant which has been managed with so
much liberality and faithfulness by that State, I
am proud to ..say, as to diffuse its benefits and bless-
ings most generally thioughout not only her own
extensive domain, but also throughout that whole
western country over which her emigration rolls
its ceaseless tide.
The institution endowed by this land is a State
University, entirely separate and distinct from all
sectarian influence,and based upon the broad prin-
ciple of republicanism. It belongs to, and is under
the exclusive control of the State. She has got
together a corps of professors unsurpassed by that
of any other institution of learning, and provision
is made for the gratuitous education of the stu-
dents from each county in the State, thereby ex-
tending the means of a liberal education to two
young men from each county, who would not
otherwise, perhaps, be able to obtain it. It affords
facilities for education, not only in the usual stu-
dies nur.-ued in colleges, but also in all those
branches of knowledge, which enter into all the
walks of life, and in all the industrial pursuits of
the State. We have there a professor who in-
structs in those sciences particularly useful to
agricultural pursuits. Provision is also made for
the instruction of common school teachers, who
are afterwards scattered all over the State, and
disseminate among the masses of the people, the
benefits which they have derived from that insti-
tution.
I have made these remarks, not that they bear
directly upon the question at issue, but because I
thought that this state of things should at least pre-
dispose you to a favorable consideration of this
application; and if, with these impressions upon
your minds, i can show that we have a reasona-
ble ground for this additional grant, there will not
be a single member upon this committee who will
hesitate a moment to make it.
I will now proceed to give you the facts upon
which we predicate this application. In 1804,
there were organized, in what was then the Indiana
Territory, (comprisinga partofOhio, all of Mich-
igan, Indiana, and Illinois, to which the Indian
title was extinguished,) three land districts, Kas-
kaskia, Detroit, and Vmcennes.. The Vincennes
district embraced a portion of the present State of
Illinois, as well as Indiana. In organizing these
land dis'ricts, and providing for the sale of the
lands therein, one entire township of land in each
was reserved for the use of a seminary of [earning.
I have only to do with the one reserved in the
Vincennes district. It was given to no university
or institution; indeed, no such institution what-
ever was then in existence within that district.
It was simply reserved from sale, as we insist,
and as Congress, more than forty years afterwards,
by its action admitted, subject to the future control
and action of this Government, to be bestowed as
to it might seem proper and right.
Afterwards, in lfc!06, the Territorial Legislature
of Indiana, embracing a part of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Michigan, as before stated, incorpo-
rated the Viflteeanes University as a private insti-
tution, and, as%iy colleague has very properly
remarked, a sectarian institution. That Legislature
could not grant the land to that institution, be-
cause they had no power to do so. The land
had not been granted to the Territory, nor no con-
trol of it given to it. This private corporation
without any authority from Congress, except sim-
ply the fact that the township of land had been
reserved within the Vincennes land district forthe
use of a seminary of learning, and because it hap-
pened to be the first seminary of learning organ-
ized withm the Territory, took possession of this
land as if it had been expressly granted to it.
This is all the title that corporation had to the
land,*and I must say—and I speak with all due
deference—the decision of the Supreme Court de-
ciding that to be a sufficient title, is a very singu-
lar one 
Mr. ORR. Was it unanimous?
Mr. DUNHAM. No. There were seven judges
upon the bench, three of whom dissented. At the
head of those dissenting, was that man venerable
for his age, and alike distinguished for his talents
and his learning, whose mind illumines every sub-
ject he discusses—I mean Chief Justice Taney.
Any lawyer whp will read his dissenting opinion,
as reported in Howard, can, it seems to me, have
no doubt as to the merits of this case. It is clear,
lucid, and logical, and it seems to me, that no man
can read it and have a doubt as to what was the
intention of Congress by the reservation in the act
of 1804. But I go on with the history of thi* case.
That is the only ground upon which the Vincennes
University undertook to appropriate those lands.
This corporation sold a portion of this reserved
township, probably about two thousand three
hundred acres, and put up a college building.
In I81(j Indiana was admitted as a State into
the Union upon certain conditions. Certain things
were to be done on one side, in return for which
certain other things were to be left undone upon
the other. In other words, there was a contract
between the General Government and the State of
Indiana, upon which she came into the Union.
The part of that contract which devolved upon
the State to perform, she religiously obeyed. You
required, or prohibit her, by the terms upon
which she was admitted into the Union, from
laying taxes upon the lands within her borders
which the United States then held, or which had
then been sold by the Government, until after
they had been sold five years. If the State, from
the organization of her government, had been
allowed to levy taxes upon those lands, as she
otherwise would have taxed them, in the lands
held by her own citizens, she would have realized
therefrom, probably, at least, half a million of
revenue. By this relinquishment alone she has
dearly paid for all the grants she has had from
this Government. Among other things to be done
by the United States, the sixteenth section in
every township was granted for the use of com-
mon schools in such township, and I believe that
every township in the State has got it, except this
very township in controversy; and I trust that a
section will be granted to it before we adjourn.
Another of the conditions upon which that State
came into the Union was, as I shall now attempt
to show, that two entire townshipsof land were to
be granted to her for the endowment of a State
University. Observe the language used:
"That one entire township of land, which shall be desig
nated by the President of the United Stales, in addition to
one herefore rewrved (not granted)'/< • that purpo-e, shall
be reserved for the use of a seminary ofiearnuig, and vested
in the Legislature ot the State, to be appropriated solely to
the use of such seminary by said Legislature.
You will find the statute in the third volume of
the Laws, on the 390rh page. I do think it very
apparent that Congress supposed that the first
township reserved ha«t never before been granted
or appropriated, and, by the act just recited, made
a grant of both townships to the State for the use
of a State eniversity.
Now, sir, I will strengthen this position by
another fact. No other State created out of the
Northwest Territory has been admitted into the
Union, to which two entire townships have not
been granted to such State for the endowment of
a Stale university. When the State of Ohio came
into the Union, two townships of land were re-
served for the benefit of a university of learning
in that State. The same provision was made
when Illinois came into the Union as a State; the
same in reference to Iowa, and so with reference
to every State which has been created out of that
Northwest Territory. Now, I ask if this fact is
not a veritable confirmation of the position I have
assumed, that Congress intended to grant two
townships of land to the State of Indiana for the
benefit of this university.
I will also state another fact in confirmation of
the same position. In passing over the history of
this matter, I noticed tnat the Vincennes Univer-
sity sold a portion of the township reserved under
the act of 1804, for the purpose of constructing a
college building, &c. This sale was afterwards
confirmed by Congress in 1849, I think. After a
full consideration of the suhject, Congress passed
another act, granting to the State for the use of
this State University, precisely the number of
acres which had been sold by the Vmcennes Uni-
versity out of that township without authority,
but the title to which Congress had confirmed,
showing that Congress then put the same con-
struction upon the act of 1816 which I have put
upon it, viz: that both townships were granted to
the State for a State institution.
Now then, let me give another reason for the
position I have assumed to be correct. The his-
tory of this matter shows that at the time of the
passage of the act of 1816, the State of Indiana
put the same construction upon the act which I
have put upon it, and not only that, but the Vin-
cennes University so understood it, and that cor-
poration, in consequence, soon after became dis-
solved. They gave up the remaining lands m the
township, unsold to the State, and under the di-
rection of the State it was sold out for the purpose
of endowing the State University, arid that Uni-
versity has now for a period of about thirty years
been enjoying the benefit of that endowment.
Here then is the action of Congress; here is the
cotemporaneous action of the Legislature of In-
diana, and moreover here is the action of this very
Vincennes University itself, all showing-that the
act of 1816 intended, and was understood, to grant
both townships to the State for the use of a State
institution.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
says Congress did not grant this land to the State,
because the Supreme Court of the United States
has so decided. That may be; but because the
Court decided that Congress, by that, act, did not
grant it, it does not follow that Congress did not
intend to grant it, and did not attempt to do so.
Here is the very gist of our case: Congress in-
tended to grant, and undertook to grant it, but
failed to do so, because she had before that granted
it to another and distinct party. Congress did
not, and could not grant it to the State, simply
because it had itself no title. It should now make
good the intention and undertaking, by giving us
an equal amount out of what does belong to it.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana if the Vincennes University
ever received any land from Congress, except that
reserved by th e act of 1804 ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Suppose I answer, as I
should, that it did not, what follows ?
Mr. MILLSON. Then I ask this question:
If Congress has not. heretofore recognized the right
of the Vincennes University to the land granted
by the act of 1804 ?
Mr. DUNHAM. If so, I do not know in
what.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask further, if Congress
did not, in 1807, pass a law confirming the titles cf
various persons to lands claimed under the Vin-
cennes University ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Precisely; and that proves
just the reverse of the gentleman's position; be-
cause the very fact that Congress felt it necessary
to confirm those titles which individuals had ob-
tained from the Vincennes University, shows that
Congress did not consider that they had got good
