1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
survive him, during her natural life, or during her widow-
hood ; or, if he has had more than one wife, who either
died, or survived in lawful wrdlock, it shall be equally di-
vided between the living and the heirs of those who are
dead, such heirs taken by right of representation."
Mr. DISNEY (who was very imperfectly heard,
owing to the noise prevailing around the reporters5
desks) then said: The committee will observe the
peculiar phraseology: " a party who has had
more than one wife, who survives him in lawful
wedlock."
My object, however, in rising this morning, was
to call the attention of the committee to the point
involved in the pending question. This bill con-
tains the same provision in relation to the Terri-
tory of Utah that has been made in relation to all
other Territories. By it Congress practically says
to the emigrant: If you remove to this Territory
and settle there, we shall esteem it a service, and
such a service that we will give you one hundred
and sixty acres of land as a consideration for it.
As I have already stated, polygamy is recognized
by statutory law in this Territory. How far it
maybe competent for Congiess to interfere with
regard to the existence of that institution, is not
the question now before us. We certainly cannot
reach it in this way. It is simply a question of
policy, whether we will encourage the emigration
of Mormons to this particular Territory. The
refusal to make this donation cannot affect the
existence of the institution itself.
With regard to the question of the power of
Congress, every gentleman can see and examine
the arguments on both sides. The only point
really involved in this question is, whether Con-
gress will esteem it politic to offer donations of
land to induce Mormons to emigrate to tly/5 par-
ticular Territory, or whether, by a refusal to giant
them the same inducement that you hold out to
other people, you will interpose a barrier, and, to
that extent, discourage the emigration of Mor-
mons into this Territory.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Disnly.] I think that this clause ought to
remain as it is, or except from it the provision
that excludes the poor man, if he happens to have
but two wives, from having any land. If we ate
to give Governors, judges, and other Federal offi-
cers in that Territory, large salaries, to enable them
to support thirty or forty wives, and allow the lords
and the high spiritual dignitaries of the Mormon
establishment, not only thw large number of wives,
but salaries of $3,000 or $4,000, I can see no
reason for excluding the poor fellow who has been
enticed there from enjoying any land, if he hap-
pens to have two wives instead of thirty or forty.
I have seen recently in the newspapers a state-
ment declaring that no law shall be cited, except
the statutes of the United States, in any court
whatever m the Territory of Utah. Then the
common law is not recognized there, and the spir-
itual law is recognized, lT this statement m the
newspapers is true, which gives thepnviiege and
right to a person there to have as many wives as
he can get. It seems to me utterly preposterous,
and will be disgraceful to this Congress, to allow
the Governors, judges, and other officers ap-
pointed by the Government of the United States,
to hold their offices, at large salaries, and have
just as many wives as they please, as their sala-
ries will enable them to support, and yet prohibit
the poor men from enjoying the benefit of land
there, if they happen to have only two wives.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DISNEY. With the leave of the com-
mittee, i withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] will be
permitted to withdraw his ainendme-nt.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to amend by striking
out the third section.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Boyce] would not be in order at this time. An
amendment is now pending which must first be
entextamed and disposed of, before any amend-
ment can be entertained to strike out the section.
Mr. BOYCE. I move, then, to add the follow-
ing words: " more than one wife," or to be guilty
of any irreligious practice."
No one can be more opposed to polygamy than
1 am. I have no idea of proceedingin any matter
blindly. What right has this Government to
interfere with the religious relations of the people |
in this Territory ? The whole power which this ;
Government exercises over the Territory is sim- I
ply that of a constructive character. Where is j
it derived from? There is no express clause in i
the Constitution in relation to this matter. The \
authority which is derived from that clause which J
prescribes the right of making ail needful rules and ,
regulations for the Territories, clearly does not j
authorize a governmental power. It is said by 1
the best writers on constitutional law, to be de-
rived as an incident to the treaty-making power;
they lay down the principle thus: because you have
the right to acquire territory, you have also the
right to govern it.
Well, Mr. Chairman, the right to govern the
Terntoiy is not an unlimited power of Government.
It is subject to all the express limitations of the
Constitution that may be applicable to the subject;
and the subject is liable to all the implied limita-
tions derivable from the nature of this Govern-
ment. Sir, what is the object of the government
of the Territory? The governments of Territo-
ries are organized merely for the purpose of pro-
tecting the Territories in their infant state, until
they are able to become States. The whole pow-
er of the Government over the Territories should
be confined to that narrow sphere of protecting the
rights of persons and things until they are able to
become States. It by no means implies that Con-
gress has a right to interfere with the domestic,
the social, or the religious relations of the people.
Their religious relations, I say, are not to be in-
terfered with. This is a religious subject; and
because it is a religious subject, it is one of great
magnitude.
But, Mr. Chairman, if there is one thing clear
in reference to the power of Congress, it is that it
has no right to interfere with the subject of religion.
That is the very first of the amendments to the
Constitution; it stands at the head of all the
amendments. Congress shall pass no law upon
this subject. But it may be said that this religion
of the Mormons is not a true religion—that it is a
false religion. But I do not think that Congress
has any right to say that this or that religion is
true or false. Who made us judges over this
matter? Who appointed us apostles, or bishops,
or priests3 Why, Mr. Chairman, if there is any
one subject which this Congress does not under-
stand practically, I expect it is this very subject
of religion.
I ask you, sir, who set us up to be judges of
other people's religion ? Who gave us authority
to legislate for them on the subject of religion?
But it may be supposed that it is no great viola-
tion of the principles of the Constitution to inter-
fere with the religion of the Mormons; but once
you break m upon that principle, once you violate
it in any regard, where will you stop? 1 am op-
posed to any infraction at all of the Constitution
on this point. Let all religions be free. Let every
man worship God according to his own heart and
conscience.
Well, again, Mr. Chairman, the spirit of this
bill is at war with another clause of the Constitu-
tion, which says that Congress shall pass no bill
of attainder. 1 knowthat, legally and technically,
the clause applies to the passage of acts of Parlia-
ment depriving a man of his life. But the Supreme
Court have determined that the term contained in
this clause of the Constitution applies to all kinds
of legislation by which any pains or penalties are
inflicted uponpersons. It is to prohibitany kind of
legislation by which Congress places itself m the
condition ol the judiciary to judge, and hear, and
determine the cause itself. Now, I ask, what is
the bill befoie us but a bill of pains and penalties
against this people, against a whole nation ? Why,
sir, we have no parallel in our history 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. i understood the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] to
admit the constitutional power m Congress to
donate these lands absolutely to actual settlers.
Now, sir, 1 want to know from him, and I inquire
for the sake of obtaining information, whether, if
Congress has the power to make an absolute grant,
it has not also thepower to affix conditions to the
grant?
A Member, (in his seat.) Not if the provis-
ions of the bill are unconstitutional.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 was not inquiring of
the honorable gentleman on my left; it was to his
colleague [Mr. Boyce] that I propounded the
question: 44 Not if the provisions are unconstitu-
tional ¥' The honorable gentleman from South
Carolina saya that we would be interfering with
the religious rights of the people of Utah by re-
taining this provision. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
assume the position that if you can give away the
land at all, you may affix such canditions to the
grant as Congress may regard as wholesome and
necessary for the protection of sound morals and
the public good. To illustrate my views, Mr.
Chairman 
Mr. BOYCE, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Ohio allow me to make a remark?
Mr. CAMPBELL. In a moment. I wish to
put a case to the honorable member from South
Carolina.
Suppose that, in the wildness of religious fanat-
icism in Utah, the Mormons should imagine that
they had received a revelation from the prophet
Joe Smith which required them to enact an eccle-
siastical law to the effect-that the eldest born of
every woman in that Territory should, when it
was one month old, be sacrificed and slaughtered:
and suppose, further, that, under such circum-
stances, that people should come here and ask
Congress to make a g>-ant of lands to encourage
settlement under a system of that kind; would
not the honorable gentleman, acting m the capacity
of a guardian, and representing a people having a
joint interest with all the rest of the people of this
land in that domain, deem it proper and advisable
to provide that no person who subscribed to, and
practiced upon, the principles of such a>eligion,
or rather fanaticism, should have a grant of land?
Now I will yield to the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Boyce] to answer my question.
Mr. BOYCE. I propose to ask the gentleman
from Ohio 
Mr. CAMPBELL, I propose that you an-
swer thequestion, which I have already propound-
ed, first.
Mr. BOVCE. You put an extreme case, and
I believe it is customary to answer one question
by asking another.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Answer the question first,
and then propound yours.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I will say that I would
do nothing to recognize such a state of things.
Now, 1 will ask the gentleman whether Con-
gress has the right to declare, in this bill, that no
Presbyterian should have the privilege of taking a
portion of this land?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If a Presbyterian church
in Utah, actuated by a wild fanaticism, should de-
clare, by an ecclesiastical provision, the allowance
of polygamy, or any other crime, as a tenet of its
faith, I should say that no person subscribing to
such a provision, or practicing under it, should
have any portion of the public domain, and that
it would clearly be the duty of Congress so to
declare.
Mr. BOYCE. If there is no objection, I will
withdraw my amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to amend the
proviso under consideration, so that it shall read:
*3nd provided further, That neither the benefits of this
or of uny other aet donating public lands, {.-ljall extend to
any person who shall now, or at any time hereafter, be the
husband of more than one wife.
When I rose to address the Chair, I stated that
the views expressed by the gentleman from North
Carolina were, that if we pass this restriction, the
Mormons will pass out of Utah, and spread all
over the vast valley of the interior of this conti-
nent. The amendment which I propose
reaches that objection. I do not propose here to
discuss the constitutional question. I touch the
moral question only. If this Congress, acting as
the donors of this land, has the right to prescribe
the terms and conditions upon which they shall
be given, it has the right to prescribe the condi-
tion that no individual who indulges in polygamy
shall be entitled to the benefits of this act. If he
prefers polygamy, he can leave the Union.
Mr. PECKHAM. If he prefers more than one
woman.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. As my friend from New
York says, if he prefers more than one woman he
may leave the land. If we prescribe conditions,
we must make them consistent with the laws of
the land. If a single member of this House should
