THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 2d, 1654.
New Series....No. 124.
Mr. JOHNSON. If we give him §4,500 for
this, I am to understand that the operation and
effect of it will be, that all the offices will be com-
bined in one.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have never allowed any-
thing for the payment of pensions, and it is only
brought in as an excuse.
Mr. BRODHEAD. They have received since
1846 about two per cent., which entitles them
to about $1,000 a year. It is provided that it
shall not go over $1,000 a year. That is in the
$4,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not aware of the fact.
There is no man in the "EFaited States for whom I
have a higher esteem than I have for Dr. Stur-
geon, or to whom I should more "gladly pay the
highest tribute in my power; but I must say that
I think the whole matter is going too far. I be-
lieve that the party to which I belong are to suffer
for this; and 1 have listened to the invective and
the denunciation that I have heard, in one or two
instances, from the other side of the Chamber,
with something like a feeling that there was justice
in it. I should be glad to see it stopped. We
have heard nothing but increase, increase all
around, and to everybody. The rivalry has been
as to who should increase the most, or to the
greatest number. The criticism I make upon it,
1 say, can hardly be said to be unjust, for such is
actually the case. Ceaselessly, proposition upon
proposition comes, and you turn round and speak
of judging relatively as to what has been done, to
create a rule by which to govern yourselves in what
you will do m another instance. You can estab-
lish no rule in this way that will attain any spe-
cies of justice. I look to the district judges of
the United States now serving, and I find what?
I cannot speak from examination in regard to other
States, but I can in regard to my own, and I be-
lieve it to be no more correct than in some of the
others. I find that they are paid only $2,000
yearly. There is one of the highest class of func-
tionaries known to this Government, one of the
most power, one that is expressly, from the na-
ture of their avocation and occupation, deprived
of the power to engage in any other business.
Their position requires, from the very nature of
their duties, a superior class of intellect, and the
highest class of moral integrity, and they must
be men of standing in the community.
That is what I find in regard to the judiciary;
but I find heie scarcely anything said in legard to
their salary except in the single case of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States, for
you have raised their salaries—that of the chief
justice to $7,000, and that of the associate judges
to $6,500. They are to receive pay at that rate;
but the poor judges out upon the circuits, in the
country are to receive but $2,000, while the di-
rectors of the Mint are receiving $4,500 or $5,000,
ami the clerks about this Capitol $3,000 and
$3,500. [ believe every head of a Bureau gets
$3,500, certainly $3,000; and at this rate we are
paying all around.
I do hope sincerely to see these propositions
begun to be voted down; for the voting down of
any of them I have not yet seen commenced; and I
have felt that there has been justice in the denun-
ciation to which I have listened of the—I would
hardly like to characterize it as profligate, but
certainly the very improvident—manner in which
we have been voting on the subject of salaries.
No increased pay is given to us here, and yet the
compensation of Senators and members of the
House is acknowledged, all around, to be entirely
inadequate. For my own part, I know that I am
compelled to borrow the money with which to
pay my debts here, before 1 leave the place, and I
believe it is the case with a large number of others.
Neither my position nor my standing in the body
authorizes me to come forward to endeavor to
procure a change in our compensation, or I should
do it, and take the responsibility at once; but
nothing is proposed to be done in our case, while
every other case, whether pitiful or important, is
brought forward to have added twenty or thirty
per cent., and some times one hundred per cent.
124
to it. I think it is time to stop upon others, or
commence upon ourselves.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment now, I un-
derstand, is m favor of the marshals in California.
I desire to ask the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia what the marshal's office in that State is
worth? What are the fees and emoluments of
that office? Can he inform me.5
Mr. WELLER. The maximum is fixed by-
law; and out of that, of course, he is required to
! pay his assistants. I think the limit is $10,000.
Mr. GWIN. At the present rate of fees the
marshal's office in California is not worth $2,000
a year after all the expewses are paid. It was
supposed, when the rates were fixed, that he
would receive $12,000; but the expenses of his
office eat up nearly all the profits.
Mr. MALLORY". I knowof no Federal office
in which a maximum is fixed, where the officer
does not reach the maximum. I have never
known a case of that kind. The fees of all our
marshals and district clerks are fixed in that way:
not to extend beyond a certain maximum. But
it is well known that they always reach it, and
sometimes go beyond it, and pay money into the
Tieasury over and above the maximum of re-
ceipts allowed to them.
Mr. President, all salaries, I presume, are, or
should be based upon the responsibilities of the
office, and the duties to be performed. Now, we
have occupied about one third of our time during
the consideration of this bill m the determination
of the increase of salaries. We have increased the
salaries of the clerks of the Departments through-
out. We have increased the salaries from the
heads of Departments, foreign ministers, and
judges of the Supreme Court, down to our door-
keepers, without taking into consideration the im-
portant fact that no extra duties have been de-
volved upon them, but simply that the means of
living are now more expensive than they were
when these salaries were fixed.
A proposition is made to increase the salary of
the treasurer of the Mint at Philadelphia, and the
Senator from that State brings forward two con-
siderations, one of which has not been presented
heretofore: that is, that not only have the expenses
of living increased in this case, as in others,and not
only have the duties been increased by the handling
of $60,000,000 instead of $3,0011,000, but that the
responsibilities of the office have been increased m
proportion as $3,000,000 are to $60,000,000; and it
is to such a proposition, made under such circum-
stances, that for the first time we heard the cry
raised against an increase of salaries. I have no
doubt that a number of honorable men, capable of
accepting offices of that kind are deterred from
doing so because they can not give a $300,000 bond.
It is only the wealthy men who can receive an
office of this character at such a salary as is now
allowed, when they have to give such a large bond.
If there has been any reason whatever for the
large increase of salary that has been made since
we have been discussing this bill, from door-keep-
ers to heads of departments, foreign ministers,
and judges of the Supreme Court, there are cer-
tainty three reasons to one to be given why this
salary should be increased.
Mr. WELLER. 1 have no disposition what-
ever to embarrass, in the slightest degree, the
original amendment proposed by my colleague;
but I regard the one which I have submitted as
quite as important as the other. I believe that
much greater injustice is done to the marshal in
California, than is done either to the superintend-
ent of the Mint, or the assistant treasurer. 7'he
Senator from Florida must remember that out of
the maximum of $10,000 to which I alluded, the
marshal must pay the necessary expenses of his
office. I undertake to say, that after deducting
' those expenses, the marshal for the northern dis-
Ij trict of California will not receive at the rate of
i $2,000 per annum. ' Why, sir, he is compelled,
| in the performance of his duty under the fee bill,
! instead of charging the mileage allowed bylaw,
! to charge the actual expense of serving process,
i Your law authorizes either the charging of mile-
age or the actual expenses. He is compelled to
charge the actual expenses, and he is allowed
nothing for the time spent by his deputies in ex-
ecuting such process, though none of those depu-
ties can be employed for less than five dollars a
day. The most indifferent cannot be obtained for
less; so that the more writs that officer has to
serve outside of the city of San Francisco, the
more money he loses, and the less valuable his
office becomes.
But, Mr. President, if the friends of the original
proposition think this embarrasses it, I will with-
draw it for the present, but I shall feel it to be my
duty to submit it as a separate amendment to the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
That amendment being withdrawn, the question
is on the original amendment offered by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwin.]
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, we were com-
pelled to pass yesterday, I think, a hill to authorize
the accounting officers, in the adjustment of the
accounts of the late marshal for the northern dis-
trict of California, to allow him the amount which
he paid for criers of the court, which was certified
by the judge who held the court to be reasonable.
It was three times as much as was allowed by
law, but he could not get proper persons for less.
The bill passed the Senate without opposition.
The present compensation allowed the officers
under that miserable abortion,called the fee bill of
last session, will not pay one third the expenses
which the officers have to incur in my State. The
amendment of my colleague, however, has been
withdrawn for the present. I wish now to modify
my amendment by striking out the assistant treas-
uier of the Mint at New Orleans, so as to provide
for an increase only of the superintendent of the
Mint at New Orleans. I find that the assistant
treasurer is already provided for.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from California, that his
amendment, so far from increasing the salary of
the assistant treasurer at New Orleans, will reduce
it.
Mr. GWIN. I will modify my amendment by
striking- out all that relates to the assistant treasu-
rer at New Oileans.
Mr. SLID ELL. I think he is entitled to an
increase of $500, to put him on a footing with the
other officers,
Mr. GWIN. He has $4,500 now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to make it $5,000.
Mr. GWIN. I modify my amendment by
leaving out the assistant treasurer of New Or-
leans.
Mr. SLIDELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have an amendment to
offer to the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. It is in relation to some of the subordinate
officers of the Mint at New Orleans. I offer it,
not for the benefit of the officers, but for the benefit
of the public.
I can bear full testimony to what my colleague
stated a few moments ago, that the branch Mint
at New Orleans is losing its most valuable officers
daily. I speak of the subordinates alone. The
salaries allowed to them are so insufficient that
they aredaily withdrawn from the Mint, tempted
away by higher offers from the banks, and in-
surance offices, and merchants, at New Orleans.
As soon as an officer is ascertained to be a valu-
able clerk, when employed in these subordinate
offices, the offices of other public institutions at
New Orleans offer an increased salary, and take
him away. Q,uite recently the superintendent of
the Mint was compelled to allow an increased
compensation to three or four of the officers, in
regard to whose compensation he bad a discretion
by law, in order to prevent the banks from getting
them. He has been obliged to increase the salary
of his porter, and of his runner or messenger,
the banks having need of officers of that kind of
experience.
I propose to provide for the salaries of the
melter, coiner, and refiner, and the subordinate
officers* They are all below what they ought to be.
