1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
take to himself more than one wife, he not only-
subjects himself to the frowns of the community,
but to the penalties prescribed by the law; and he
suffers for his crime in the penitentiary. Do you
ask, then, that these people shall have the benefits
of this law? That your lands shall not be with-
held from people guilty of this crime'
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask him a single question ? If
it be unconstitutional to legislate upon the sub-
ject of polygamy itself, is it not unconstitutional,
in donating the public lands, to impose a restric-
tion which indirectly effects the same thing?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I stated, at the outset
of my remarks, that in what I should now say
upon this subject I should waive the constitutional
question entirely. I do not propose to say whether
it is constitutional or not. I am viewing this as a
great moral question; and I say that it is the right
and duty of Congress, in making donations of
the public lands, to impose such limitations and
restrictions as they may think proper, -such as
would be made m the States.
Such a restriction would not be necessary in the
State of South Carolina, because the State itself
has made the restriction, by forbidding polygamy.
But wherever polygamy exists, the line is dis-
tinctly drawn; and I submit that Congress have
the right, and that it is their duty, in making do-
nations, to impose restrictions in reference to it. I
therefore insist, as I said yesterday, upon retain-
ing this proviso as a moral question, and leave the
constitutional question for others to discuss.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, when in
order, I propose to offer, as an amendment, that
the benefits of the bill shall not be extended to any
one guilty of murder, arson, piracy, or robbery.
The objection which I originally urged against
the proviso of the bill, it seems to me, has not
been answered. It is true, sir, that I have not
thought it necessary frequently to obtrude myself
upon the House in answer to the several gentle-
men who have taken the other side; but my col-
league [Mr. Cobb] has no right to conclude from
my silence, under these circumstances, that I have
" backed out"—I believe that was his expression.
Sir, when 1 have nothing to say which can throw
additional light upon the subject under considera-
tion, silence appears to me most becoming; and in
the most friendly spirit, I suggest the propriety
of this course to the grave consideration of my
colleague.
The proviso excludes from the benefit of the
bill all persons who have more than one wife.
Why ? Because it is said polygamy is a crime.
Then the exclusion operates by way of penalty,
and is intended to operate by way of discouraging
crime. This, then, as I understand it, is the
assertion of a collateral or incidental jurisdiction
over the morals of the people of the country,
which is inconsistent with the theory of our limited
Federal Constitution.
Our only jurisdiction over crimes is to be found
in those clauses of the Constitution which author-
ize Congress to "provide for the punishment of
counterfeiting the securities and current coin of
the United States." To define and punish piracies
and felonies committed on the high seas, and of-
fenses against the law of nations, " and to declare
the punishment of treason."
In addition to this, then, there is a criminal
jurisdiction arising out of that clause authoriz-
ing Congress to make all laws which may be ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execution the
powers conferred by the Constitution. And, sir,
even as to these crimes, the mode of punishment
is prescribed by the Constitution. The common
law rules being preserved in all cases of accusation.
Has Congress the right to say that no man who
is a polygamist shall be permitted to purchase the
public lands, or be entitled to a preemptor's right
of settlement, or what is the same thing, to share
in those grants made in the exercise of the
power contained in the Constitution, authorizing
t( rules and regulations" for the disposal of the
public lands?
If, through the exercise of the power " to dis-
pose of" the public lands, Congress is to take
this incidental control over this particular crime,
why not over every other? And if in this mode,
why not in every other mode of disposing of the
territory> Why not extend the proviso so as to
exclude from the benefit of the act all persons
who are guilty of murder, arson, piracy, forgery,
and, I might add, theft of slaves, if 1 were not afraid
of shocking the sensibilities of some gentlemen,
and thus bring the influence of the Government to
bear upon the whole dark catalogue of crime?
Sir, these considerations are not answered by
sophomoric declamation as to the heinousness of
the offense. That, sir, is not the question, but
whether we shall, for the first time in the history
of our legislation, link into our acta the discour-
agement or punishment of crimes which are ap-
propriately referred to the local Legislatures.
If Congress possesses any power, acting as the
Legislature of this Territory, then let them exert
it in a direct manner, by virtue of that power, and
we could then meet the question fairly when it is
presented; but let us not smuggle into this bill a
jurisdiction not warranted by the clause of the
Constitution under which it is framed.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 move to substitute
for the words "provisions of this act," in the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, the
words " donations of land made by this act."
Mr. Chairman, I had no desire to participate in
this discussion, but simply to vote for the proviso
as it has been amended; but I cannot pass with
silence some of the remarks thrown out in the
debate by gentlemen who are in favor of striking
out this proviso. It seems to me they go aside
from the fact, that by the bill to organize the Ter-
ritory of Utah, which passed September, 1850, all
the laws of that Territory passed by the Legis-
lative Assembly and Governor are to be submitted
to the Congress of the United States; and that, if
disapproved, they are to be null and of no effect.
I have the law before me.
Now, is it a fact that there are laws in Utah
which establish the crime of polygamy, as asserted
by gentlemen ? My friend and colleague over the
way, [Mr. Disney,] referred this morning to a
law which he said countenanced, or established
polygamy ill that Territory. I had no opportunity
to examine it. My friend from Alabama [Mr.
Phillips] said that we might as well insert a pro-
vision here to exclude any mail guilty of murder,
perjury, or any other crime. I understand that
the Territorial Legislature of Utah denounce those
crimes, and hold them to be crimes as they do in
the States of this Union, whereas they tolerate
the other crime, that of polygamy.
And here we have a beautiful specimen of this
squatter sovereignty, so ably advocated by gen-
tlemen in Congress; the leaving of the Territories
to do as they please; the Territorial Legislatures
to do what they please; establish any crime they
choose. Whether we approve or not, we are to
pass the laws unnoticed.
If I had the time, 1 would read from the law
organizing the Territory of Utah, a law for which
1 take this occasion to say I did not vote. I felt
indisposed to give the people of Utah, whom I
conceived at that time to be a set of strolling
squatters, who had seized the public land, and
defied the authority of the United States. I was
indisposed to give the people of that Territory, a
territory twelve times as large, I am told, as that
of New York, the power to set up and justify a
crime in defiance of the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. BOYCE. I am opposed to this wholesale
legislation against a whole community. It reminds
me of our revolutionary struggle. Sir, I well
recollect what Burke said, when Lord North and
his servile majority attempted to proscribe a whole
province. He said, " I do not know how to draw
up an indictment against a whole nation." And
so with me. I do not know how to draw up an
indictment against this whole people. I am for
letting them alone.
It seems to me that this proviso is at war with
that provision of the Constitution which says that
no man shall be bound to answer for any criminal
offense unless upon the presentment of a grand
jury. Here you require this whole people to an-
swer for a criminal offense, and on what present-
ment? The presentment of the Congress of the
United States. Is that in consonance with the
Constitution ? Again: Every man has a right to
a trial by jury when he is charged with crime.
Do you give the people of Utah this right? No,
you do not. To whom do you give the power to
decide this question? You give it to this surveyor
general
When a Mormon applies for a tract of land
under the provisions of this bill, the surveyor
general will say to him, " You shall not have it."
" Why ?" " Because you.have more wives than
one." Who is to decide that question? This
surveyor general. He is to decide whether the
man has been guilty of this crime or not. Is that
consistent with the Constitution ? However good
our motives may be, let us not trample the Con-
stitution and this great provision of liberty under
foot. Sir, these people are entitled to our sym-
pathy and pity. Look at their history. It is a
history of misfortune and persecution, of disaster
and suffering. They have never been permitted to
live in peace and security in any community.. They
weredrivenfromMissouriandfrom Illinois. Their
beautiful city of Nauvoo was devastated, and they
were compelled, with bleeding hearts, to bid adieu
to the graves of their people and to their beautiful
temple. Their prophet was taken and placed in
jail in Carthage, and while there, was brutally
murdered by assassins. They were then driven
into the wilderness. They went up on the western
side of Iowa, and there at mid-winter, whilst they
were in the midst of suffering, the United States
called upon them to go and fight the battles of the
country. And how did they respond to thatcall?
They responded to it better than the people of
many parts of the United States. They sent
almost their whole military force; and that people
rallied around the star-spangled banner, and went
out to fight the battles of our country. And yet
you will not now permit those men to enjoy a
home in that wilderness which they have rescued
from barbarism and from the Indians.
The question wsb then taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair being unwill-
ing to call gentlemen to order in debate, has, per-
haps, permitted the rule to be violated to some
extent; but in the further debate upon this bill
he will attempt rigidly to enforce the rule.
Mr. COBB. I am very sorry the Chairis only
going to adopt that course now. My colleague
[Mr. Phillips] has been heard, and I want an
opportunity to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is out of order.
I will read so much of the 34th rule as is neces-
sary to show its application:
" Where debate is closed by order of the House, any
member shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to
explain any amendment he may offer; after which any
member who shall lirst obtain the floor shall be allowed to
speak five minutes m opposition to it, and there shall be
no further debate on the amendment."
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to propound a
question to.the Chair, with a view of facilitating
the business. I wish to know if it will be in or-
der to lay aside this bill, and take up and dispose of
other territorial bills that are before the commit-
tee, to which there may,be no objection? Wecan
then return to a consideration of this bill, and
spend upon it whatever may be left of the time of
the special order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the committee can lay aside this bill, and
proceed to the consideration of other bills.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. I
insist that the motion submitted "by me was in
order. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] had the floor, but simply for the purpose
of making a suggestion, as I understood.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make a mo-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The floor was assigned by
the Chair to the gentleman from Illinois. While
he was occupying it, the gentleman from Georgia,
nor any other gentleman, had no right to make
any motion whatever.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I call the gentleman
from Illinois to order, on the ground that he is
not discussing the question before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the under-
standing of the Chair, the gentleman from Illinois
rose to a point of order. If the Chair was mis-
informed, he would like to be corrected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rose to make an in-
quiry, upon which I desired to base a motion. I
submit my motion now, and the Chair can decide
whether 1 am in order or not.
