1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman submits a >
motion, he ie in order; but if he make an inquiry j,
merely, he is not in order. i|
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside this ;i
bill. The object I have in view, if the motion be j!
agreed to, is to enable the committee to proceed jj
to the consideration, and dispose of the other jj
territorial bills. n
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is thatmotion debatable? |!
Mr. KE1TT. I make this point of order. The |j
committee rose, went into the House, and then
a resolution was passed directing that the debate
should be closed 
TheCHAlRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina is not entitled to the floor. The gentle-
man from Georgia submits the motion that the j
committee rise.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sew- ;j
ard's motion; and it was decided in the negative. j
So the committee refused to rise. i
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from flli-
nois submits the motion tiiatttns bill be laid aside. '
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to know if that;!
motion is debatable?
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a point of order. The
House passed a resolution to elose debate, to vote
upon the amendments, and report the bill to the '
House. Having done that, I now ask whether |
that order can be set aside or disregarded by the i
committee'
The CHAIRMAN. A resolution was nitro- j
duced, and passed by the House, in the usual ;j
form, closing debate on this bill,and directing the ,
committee to proceed with its consideration, and ^
report the bill and amendments to the House, j
Therefore the motion of the gentleman from Illi- 1
nois cannot be entertained. j!
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire of the j
Chair under what rule it has decided that "the j
proposition to lay aside this bill is not debatable'
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order. !
Mr. ORR. There is an express rule, Air.
Chairman, that a motion for prioiity of business \
is not debatable.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope the chairman of the -
Committee on Territories [Mr. Richardson] will
withdraw his motion to set aside the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion has been
ruled out of order. There is no motion pending,
except the amendments offered to the bill,
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, very well. That will ;
do. I am perfectly satisfied with that. j
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to oiler an amend-
ment to the amendment, by inserting after the i
word " persons " the additional words " male or ;
female."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
gentleman from Virginia cannot amend his own
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. But e n 1 not modify it '
The CHAIRMAN- The gentleman can mod- '
ify it, but cannot speak upon that modification, j
Mr. KERR. Then, Mr. Chairman, I make
the motion to amend the amendment of the gen- :
tieman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] by insert- i
ing the words indicated by him, " male or female." ;
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, which side i
of the proposition am I to take ? Am I to speak :
for or against it? i
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fromVir-
ginia will have to speak against it.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, it does not mat-
ter much. 1 can say as much oil the one side as
on the other. [Laughter.]
All that I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, is m
reference to a point which has been made in the
progress of this debate, and that by the gentleman
from Alabama. He desiied to know whethei any
member of this committee would undertake to dis-
criminate—in the donation of land—against mur-
derers, or against, pirates, or against any other
characters who were the subjects of crime. Now,
sir, there is a very distinct answer to this question.
I think there is a very conclusive answer to this
view of the case. Neither the State of Virginia,
nor the State of Alabama, nor the State of Geor-
gia, nor any other civilized or well established
community that i know of, in the United States,
recognizes these crimes as part of their social sys-
tem. But in the Territory of Utah polygamy is
a system, a regularly recognized system—neither
more nor less—adopted under the ecclesiastical
law, recognized under the legislative law, and, in
every way, and with every sanction that can be
given to it, either by the clergy or by the legisla-
tive authority, recognized as an immutable, an
unchangable institution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to make a remark?
Mr. LETCHER. Not just now; wait a mo-
ment. If the government of the Territory of
Utah had recognized murder, or had recognized
piracy, or had recognized any other species of
crime as a legal system, then, sir, I say, we could
here, in making donations of this sort, express on
the part of Congress an unq.ualified hostility to
any system of the kind.
Sir, what are we doing here' These people
come and ask for special privileges under the law,
and it is for us to say whether, while they have
such a system among them, we will tolerate that
institution, and encourage these people, by giving
to them the very benefits and privileges that they
ask. Now, Mr. Chairman, if we can do this, it
seems to me that we are perfectly powerless, that
we have no authority of any sort. It seems that,
no matter what crime springs up in the country,
when the professors of it get into aTerritory, and
ask for land, we must make donations to them,
because we have made donations to othere, and
have no right to make a discrimination.
Now, sir, as to the view of my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce.J He says that this
is a matter of religion. Why, sir, it is exactly
the reverse. If these people had a decent religion,
they would not have polygamy there. It is not
a matter of religion. It is a matter of vice; and
whenever this House undeitakes to make these
donations, it is paying a tribute to, and encour-
aging vice, infamy, and iniquity.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no further
amendment m order; and no further debate can
be had on the amendment pending.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the committee rise. I will
state, if the committee will permit me, the object
I have in submitting the motion. It is to get rid
of this bill, m order to proceed to other business.
Mr. BOYCE. I object to it.
The question was then put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly ro^'e, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr
Phelps] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly bills relating to
territorial business, and more particularly House
bill No. 317, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which debate was terminated
upon House bill No. 317. 1 will state the object
i which 1 have in view m making tins motion,
i The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable,
' the gentleman will recollect.
\ Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope, by common con-
j sent, the gentleman will be permitted to proceed,
| and make his explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
! gentleman will proceed.
I No objection was made.
! Mr. RICHARDSON. My object is to remove
j the order terminating debate, and then to go into
; Committee of the Whole, move to lay aside this
bill, and take up and endeavor to pass other terri-
! torial bills, and thereby get through this special
I order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the motion
will not prevail,
! Mr. HAMILTON, I call for telleis upon the
! motion.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris and
Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken: and the tellers
reported—ayes (16, noes fii.
; So the motion to reconsider prevailed.
; Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the reso-
lution be laid upon the table.
| The question was taken; and the resolution was
1 laid upon the table,
Mr. RICHARDSON, i now move that the
| rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
: The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed
I the consideration of House bill (No. 317) to es-
tablish the office of surveyor general m Utah, to
grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
other purposes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside this
bill, not for the purpose of reporting it to the
House, but merely to pass it over and take up the
next bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I wish merely to state a fact
to the committee for its information. I have some
days hesitated whether it was my duty to an-
nounce the fact to the House; but, upon consid-
eration, I think it due to the House to be advised
of it. What I desiie to state is, that, among other
matters, African slavery is recognized and estab-
lished by law in the Territory of Utah.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois to pass this
bill by, which motion is not debatable.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I know of no reason for
; not disposing of this bill now, after it has been
j discussed for two days.
' Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois. I move that
■ the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House,
; with a recommendation that it be rejected,
I Mr. ORR. Is that in order?
I TheCHAlRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
; man from Illinois is merely to pass the bill by, and
j the motion of the gentleman from Virginia is not,
m the opinion of the Chair, in order as an amend-
I ment to that motion.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. I will withdraw my
j motion, if the gentleman from Virginia desires to
| submit his. My object is to have the bill disposed
of in some way.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I submit my motion,
i that the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the
; House, with a recommendation that it do notpass.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
[ tion of order.
j TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair would suggest
! tothegentleman from Tennessee that the motion of
i the gentleman from Illinois has been withdrawn,
i Mr. JONES. My point of order is still appli-
cable. 1 submit that there is nothing before the
committee. The territorial business was made
the special order; and I hold that no one case has
precedence of any other, but that it is in order to
move to take up any bill. The bill which you
had before you at the last sitting does not come
up as a matter of course at the next session of the
committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to say a single
word of reply to the gentleman from Tennessee,
What he has said may be true. If true, I would
deem it right and proper to determine what bills
the committee ought to take up. They must de-
termine that question for themselves. It is right
and proper that they should do so.
TheCHAlRMAN. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not withdrawn
my motion, and I do not withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the Chair decides my
; motion to be out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
j the gentleman from Illinois to withdraw his mo-
> tion. As he has not done so, the motion of the
! gentleman from Virginia is not in order.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. Is there any question
i pending ?
! Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir; one of pri-
ority of business; a motion to lay the bill aside.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers on
the motion to lay the bill aside.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Wheeler, were appointed.
[ The question was taken; and the tellers re-
! ported—ayes 57, noes 65.
So the committee refused to lay the bill aside.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the debate upon
this bill, and on that motion I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Parker were appointed. .
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41; noes riot counted.
So the committee refused to rise,
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I regret deeply that
this bill has consumed so much of the time of the
House, I regret that it has ever been introduced.
