402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
merit offered by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson.] How long will it be before the
suit can be terminated?
Mr. DUNHAM. From one to two years.
* Mr. ORR. Why?
Mr. DUNHAM. Because, as I have before
stated, after the case is submitted, which will not
be until spring, on account of the immense busi-
ness before the court, it must necessarily be a
long time before it can be reached in us order for
decision. By the time the decision can be had I
would not give a rush for the grant under this bill
with such an amendment. 1 state it as a fact, well
known by every one of my colleagues, that there
are now left unsold within our State no good
lands;*they are all taken up—the refuse only left.
Railroads are penetrating—as you will see, by a
reference to the map—every part of the State, and
wherever these railroads go every acre of land, at
all available, is at once absorbed.
Mr. ORR. Suppose, when this case comes to
be tried by the supreme court of indiana, that the
decision should be adverse to the claim of the
Vmcennes University. Ho.w, then, is Congress
to repair the injury it has done by granting to
Indiana three townships for the State University,
when it was her intention to grant only two?
Mr. DUNHAM. Can the gentleman, whom
I know to be a good lawyer—can anybody—
with the facts before them, doubt as to what the
decision must be ?
Mr. PECKHAM. If the amendment prevails,
who is to carry on the suit on both sides?
Mr. DUNHAM. That is a very pertinent in-
quiry. Nobody will be interested in doing so.
The University will not want to draw upon its
funds to maintain a suit when she has nothing to
gain; for if the decision is in its favor she only
retains what she now has; she gains nothing. If it
is against it, she will have the present grant. The
State will have no interest in doing so, nothing to
gain by it, but directly the reverse.
Mr. MILLSON. I was aware of that when I
submitted the amendment I did, but I thought
that 1 could repose confidence in the Indiana ju-
diciary.
Mr. DUNHAM. I repose great confidence in
the decisions of the judiciary of "Virginia. Decis-
ions have been made in Virginia, however, in
favor of claims to bepaid outof the general Treas-
ury, which, upon close examination, might have
been decided otherwise. Any man who knows
anything of public business must at once concede
that,-in a suit where everybody is to gain by a
decision in one way, and to lose by a decision
upon the other, that there will not be a very hard
fight. I trust, however, that, under any circum-
stances, Indiana will do her duty.
Mr. BISSELL. Although i am not at all satis-
fied that this case has real merits, such as ought
to secure it a passage through this House, yet I
can hardly forbear remarking that it is brought
here rather prematurely, i think that after this
pending lawsuit shall have been terminated in some
way, or in some form, then will be the time for the
injured party to come here for redress. The case
being such as the gentleman from Indiana states
it—with all candor, 1 have no doubt—the lawsuit
should have been dismissed. L should have been
pleased to vote for the bill; but with the lawsuit
pending, the thing is an anomalous one, and I can-
not do so without it is amended. The matter is
pending here at thesame time that it is pending in
court, und we are called upon to decide upon the
question when it is still uncertain whether, by the
existing act, the State will not get the land.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the gentleman allow
me for a moment?
Mr. Btsseli. yielded the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says the suit ought to have been dismissed.
Does the gentleman not know that the State of
Indiana has no power to dismiss the suit?
Mr. BrSSELL. f supposed the gentleman must
have understood my meaning. I say the suit
ought to have been determined or decided in some
way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. [ will inform the com-
mittee how the case now stands. It has been
decided in the Supreme Court of the United States,
and the decision sent down to the supreme court
of Indiana. In my judgment, the supreme court
of Indiana has nothing to do but to enter and carry
out the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States; but nothing can be done in the matter until
the case is reached in its regular order upon the
dooket.
Mr. BISSELL. As I remarked before, I do
not pretend to say how the case ought to have
been got rid of, but I do say that it ought to have
been disposed of in some form before the applica-
tion was made here for the grant of another town-
ship of land.
Mr. DUNHAM. I look with great confidence
to the judgment of the gentleman from Illinois in
this matter, because I know he is perfectly aware
of the rapid manner in which lands in his own
State, as well as my own, have been disposed of;
and because 1 know he is aware of the limited
quantity which now remainsunsold; and I submit
it to his judgment to say whether, if we were to
wait until this case could bedecided in the supreme
court of Indiana, the grant would be worth having?
and particularly when, as is very well known, if
this fund were to be withdrawn from the State
University,it would at once become insolvent?
Mr. BISSELL. I admit that the case made
out by the gentleman appealsvery strongly to my
feelings; and if the bill can be put in a shape to
obviate the objection I have raised, I should very
cheerfully vote for it, although i have very great
doubts as to its merits; but I have every disposi-
tion to be very liberal in such cases. Therefore,
if the House will adopt the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
the bill shall have my support,; but without some
such provision, 1 think the gentleman ought not
to ask us to vote for the bill.
We know—we all know the uncertainty there
is in the issue of a lawsuit; and, although it may
be very plain to the gentleman now as he sees the
case, that the suit will be decided adversely to the
State, yet it would not be a strange matter at all
if it should turn out entirely different; for, as I
have already said, there is nothing more uncertain
than the issue of a lawsuit. I think, therefore,
that it will be proper for the Houae to adopt the
amendmentof the gentleman fiom Virginia, which
will secure the lights of the Government in case
the decision of the courts should be ditferent from
what the gentleman now expecis. There are so
many interests involved in tins matter, of so gen-
eral a nature to the people of Indiana, that, per-
haps, after all, some arrangement can be made by
which the case can be disposed of out of this Hall.
Mr. DUNHAM, it can only be settled by the
other party withdrawing the suit.
Mr. BISSELL. Well, then, perhaps the other
parties will withdraw the suit.
Mr. DUNHAM. There is certainly no pros-
pect of it.
Mr. ORR. I have been very strongly inclined
to vote for the bill which has been advocated with
so much zeal and ability by my friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Dunham,] and I am still inclined to
vote for it, with the amendment ottered by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson.] 1 con-
fess that I am not able to see how the effect of that
amendment will be such as my honorable friend
from New York, sitting near me, [Mr. Peciiham,]
seems to suppose; that, if the donation is made to
depend upon the decision of the courts in the case
now pending, the parties may not act in good
faith. 1 am not disposed to think that the Indiana
State Urnveisity will attempt, by any collusion, to
obtain more from Congress than it is legitimately
entitled to. 1 take it for granted that they will, in
good faith, see that the suit is determined accord-
ing to law, and that they will leave no step not
taken to see that it is decided favorably to the
interest of the State.
Mr. PECKHAM. Suppose the amendment
; be adopted, and the bill passed, who is to pay the
. expenses of carrying on the lawsuit:
Mr. ORR. Counsel have already been em-
ployed by both these parties—by the Vincennes
University, and by the State of Indiana. Those
counsel have carried the case through the State
courts of Indiana, and afterwards to the Supreme
Court of the United States; and it has now gone
back to the supreme court of the State of Indiana.
I suppose that very little additional expense will
be devolved upon either the State or the Vmcennes
Institute, and I should presume, at least, that they
would practice sufficient good faith not to collude
together for the purpose of defrauding Congress.
There is a strong equity 
Mr. HENDRICKS (interposing.) 1 will sug-
gest to the gentleman from South Carolina why
Indiana would not collude for any such purpose.
She has now to take refuse land—land that is not
worth, perhaps, fifty or seventy-five cents per
acre, instead of the best land there was in Indiana.
The township which Congress had given, as In-
diana supposed, was of the very first quality, and
brought the highest price in the market.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, the State of Indiana
would not consent to any collusion, because it is
to her interest to retain the township already
granted. Now, as to the objection made by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunijam,] against
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
operating as a postponementof this case,all 1 can
say is, that if the State of Indiana permits the
docket of her court to be encumbered by cases so
that justice cannot be reached within a period of
two yeais after acasc has been appealed upon, I do
not know that it is in the power or duty of Con-
gress to afford her any redress. In passing this
bill, if we pass it all, we should take care to put
such guards in it that Congress may not give more
to Indiana than is intended.
I take it that there is a strong equity in favor of
the passage of the bill. I do not know but what,
in strict law, it ought to be passed. It was the
intention of Congress in 1816, when the State of In-
diana was admitted into theUnion,tograntto that
State two townships of land, for the purpose of
endowing a State University. That is very clear,
as shown by the reading of the act, and by simi-
lar legislation extended to all the other States
having land on their admission. Immediately after
the State was admitted into the Union, they pro-
ceeded to institute a State University, and applied
these townships for its endowment.
j The first township was reserved in -1804, and the
! second was granted to the State in 1816, and the
i act contemplated, as its phraseology indicates, the .
graining of theJirs* township, which had been previ-
j ously reserved merely from sale. The first was are-
! serration, not a grant or donation, and I think the
: Supreme Court of the United States ought so to
1 have decided. Such decision would have been in
conformity with the intention of Congress, as ex-
emplified in all its acts upon this subject. Weil,
!, when the State organized its University, under-
i standing that Congress had, by the act of 1816,
ji granted the two townships, it took possesion of
, both townships, and claimed the title to the same,
I although the trustees of the Vincennes Institute
; had,some years before,claimed the first township
! i reserve in 1804, and had long before that proceeded
to sell some three or four thousand acres of that
1 township. Here, then, was a conflict as to the
lands in the first township between the State Uni-
versity and the Vincennes Institute; but when the
claim was made formally by the State, the trus-
tees of the Vincennes University stood by, and did
not contest it. They surrendered all right and
title to Ihe land to the authorities of the State of
; Maryland. Upon that action of the trustees of
| the Vincennes University, surrendering any claim,
! at leas* by implication, they might have had, the
I State proceeded to sell the land, and to invest the
; proceeds of the sale for the benefit of the State Uni-
i versity. These events occurred sometime about
I 1820.
j in 1845, or thereabout, sixteen or eighteen years
i after the State had thus taken possession of the
land, some lawyer, no doubt, in rummaging over
, the dusty records of the Vincennes Institute, ad-
vised the trustees of that defunct institution that
if they would sue the holders of the land—those
, then in possession of it, by virtue of the sale made
i hy the State of Indiana, for the benefit of theState
University—it could be recovered for the benefit of
\ the Vincennes University. Hence actions were
i brought against,those parties, and the State of In-
diana, to protect her citizens to whom she had
; granted titles of the land, passed a law, saying- to the
j trustees of the Vincennes University, If you will
: withdraw your actions against our citizens wewiH
j authorize you to bring action against the State, and
1 this question of titles can be determined. If yon
; have the legal title we will account to you for ihe
I proceeds ofthesale wehave heretofore made. This
I proposition was made bjr the State of Indiana, and
i accepted by the trustees of the Vmcennes Insti-
tute. The action was brought,and it was decided
in the supreme court of Indiana in favor of the
J State University. It was then carried to the Su-
! preme Court of the United States, and there de-
