1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
him in a position where he will not be compelled
to resign. At the present compensation it is utterly
hopeless to suppose that he can continue to dis-
charge the daues of his office.
Mr. JOlINSON. If there is any member of
the Judiciary Committee present, I should be glad
to hear from him on this subject. The whole
matter was referred to them, and I should like to
know to what conclusion they have arrived. The
Senator from Indiana, who is a member of that
committee, is present; perhaps he can inform me.
Mr. PETTIT. I will state to the Senator
frankly all that I know upon that subject. The
Judiciary Committee, as is the practice of all other
committees, ] believe, divides out its business,
specially charging one member with the examin-
ation of this, that, or the other matter, and he
reports his views to the committee. The whole
subject of increasing salaries-arid fees of judges,
clerks, and marshals, was pu£ in the hands of
the Senator from Georgia, [iVlr. Toombs,] and
I am inclined to think he is aver&e^to any altera-
tion or change. I think, therefoi^ that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will not probably report
anything at this session upon the subject of the
compensation of these officers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, as the subject was re-
ferred to the Senator from Georgia, i would ask
him whether he ever reported it to his committee,
and whether the committee has taken any action
on the matter? ;
Mr. TOOMBS. On the question of the com-
pensation of judicial officers ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir. It is a pretty hard
case if we are to refer subjects to that committee,
and never hear of them afterwards.
Mr. TOOMBS. The state of the case is this:
I prepared, after a great deal of trouble, some in-
formation on the subject of the compensation of
the judges, clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
United States courts, and I reported it to the com-
mittee, and there was some understanding in ref-
erence co it among them. The Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Bayard,] however, had a substitute
for the bill which I proposed; but I think we vir-
tually came to an agreement. The committee,
however, instructed me not to report the bill until
after action should be had on the bill for the reor-
ganization of the judiciary. That has now been
before the Senate for about four months, and has
not been acted on. In obedience to that command
of my committee, I have not made any report
upon the subject.
Mr. F1TZ PATRICK. In answer to my friend
from California, who asked when I would seri-
ously and soberly consider the subject of increas-
ing the compensation of these officers, I will say
that, at an early part of the session I introduced
a resolution in relation to it, and had it referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I do not now
see in his seat the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, who is chairman of that committee, but
I presume he will bear testimony that I repeatedly
called on him and urged action on the subject. I
do not know, whether, from my repeated impor-
tunities, he would consider that I was sober or not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I can answer the gentleman.
That matter was referred to me also. The whole
subject as to the increase of compensation of mar-
shals, district attorneys, and clerks, and raising
the salaries of the judges, was referred to me, and
they all stand in the condition I have just stated.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. So I understood.
Mr. WELLER. I hold in my hand the law
fixing the compensation of these Federal officers,
and I propose to read three lines from it:
The expenses of the maishal while employed in endeav
oring to arrest, under proces?, any person charged with or
convicted of a crime, the sum actually expended, not to
exceed uvo dollars per day,in addition to his compensation
for service and travel."
I know a case where the marshal of the north-
ern district of California was applied to by a
captain of a vessel immediately after he had left
the harbor of San Francisco, upon information
properly filed, that sixteen of his crew were in a
state of mutiny. They placed themselves in a
state of mutiny as soon as the vessel left the har-
bor of San Francisco. One of the officers reached
the shore, and gave information to the marshal.
The marshal was compelled to go and employ
some eight or ten men to accompany him, in order
to arrest the mutinous seamen, who were then ten
miles from the city of San Francisco. The whole
expense was about $500. Every man who went
on that service went at the hazard of his life; for
there was a violent gale blowing at the time. For
that service he is allowed under this law forty
dollars, and he paid for it out of his own pocket
$500; and that you call justice !
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 19.
Mr. JAMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office to offer the
following amendment, to come in after the appro-
priation for the contingent expenses of the Patent
Office:
To reimburse the patent fund for expenses? already in-
curred and paid for ftirni^hini; the new winm of liie Patent
Office, the sum of ^16,000; and the appropriation made by
the act approved the 31st of May, 1K>J, ior finishing said
wins b", and the t-ame i* heiebv, authorized to be trans-
ferred by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
the credit of liie patent fund.
It will be seen, sir, by the amendment, that no
appropriation is called for. it is simply a transfer
which is recommended by the Commissioner of
Patents, and also by the Secretary of the interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I h*\vc another amendment to
offer from the same committee, to come in before
the appropriation for contingent expenses of the
Patent Office:
For the? purchase of hooks for the library of the Patent
Office, and for stippijinir a deficiency in former appro-
priations the sum ol $5,0(10, to he paid' out of the patent
iuud.
This calls for no appropriation from the Treas-
ury. I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there an estimate for it?
Mr. JAMES. It is recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Patents.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. JAMES. I have one more amendment to
offer from the same committee. It is to come in
immediately after the one which has just been
adopted:
For the annual compensation of a librarian, to be ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Patents, the sum of $1,600,
the amount now allowed by law to clerks of the third cla&s,
to be paid out of the patent fund
Mr. HUN TER. This is an additional office.
Mr. JAMES. It is called for by the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. It is to be appropriated
out of the patent fund, and not out of the Treas-
ury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Territories to offer a few amendments
in pursuance of the act of Congress which re-
cently passed for the organization of the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska. It will be recol-
lected that the act contained a provision that the
usual appropriations should thereafter he made for
the erection of public buildings, and for libraries
in those Territories. In pursuance of that pro-
vision, I offer amendments to appropriate $25,000
for public buildings in Kansas, and the same sum
for public buildings in Nebraska, and also to re-
peal so much of the provision of thatactas located
the seat of government of Kansas at Fort Leaven-
worth. The reason for that is, that the Secretary
of War has notified the Governor of Kansas that
the buildings at Fort Leavenworth and the mili-
tary reservation cannot be scared for the seat of
government; that it is all necessary for military
purposes, and that a divided jurisdiction would be
destructive to the military operations there. For
these reasons the Secretary of War cannot sur-
render the control of the public buildings at that
place for a seat of government. I therefore pro-
pose to allow any other place to be selected as the
seat of government for the Territory, the same as
for Nebraska. The first amendment which I
offer from the Committee on Territories is to add
at the end of the territorial appropriations the
following:
For the erection of public building in the Territories of
Kan^a* and Nebraska, to he expended under the direction
of the Governors thereof re^pecnvety, ^o,0i)0 for each of
said Territories ; and so much of the act for the Oieaniza
tion of said Terntorie* as locate* the zealot <joverninentof
Kansas at Fort Leavenworth K heieby repealed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to ask whether
that act does not make these appropriations for
Nebraska?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The act .contains no appro-
[ priations at all. They were all stricken out from
• the original bill; but it authorized the usual ap-
: propriations to be made hereafter. This, there-
| fore, is merely to carry out that act.
; Mr. QODGE, of Iowa. Is the amendment to
] appropriate $25,000 for this purpose?
I Mr. DOUGLA.S. For each Territory.
| Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I think §40,000 has
! been the u-^ual amount appropriated.
1 Mr. DOUGLAS. That has been when there
has been an extra appropriation. 1 merely wish
now to make the usual appropiiation which has
been made at first for public buildings. 1 should
not like to go beyond that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am also directed by the
same committee to offer the following amendment*
to come in after the one just adopted:
For libraries at the seat of government of each of the
Territories of Kansas and iVebra-ka, under such regulations
as shall be proscribed by law, for each of said Ter-
ritories.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BELL. I have waited for some time to
offer an amendment, which is to do what I con-
sider to be an act of sheer justice. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of the
appropriations for New Mexico:
For the payment of Richard H. Weightman,for milage
and per dieiu compensation tor the second session of the
Tiiirt>- Ftr>>t Coti«rrv^<, as an aaerit claiming to be a Senator
elected liom New Me.vco, $2,4G0.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order? Does it
come fiom a committee?
Mr. BELL. It is from a committee, I will in-
form the honorable Senator—the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it is a private claim,
if I understand what a private claim it>.
Mr. BELL. It certainly cannot be a private
claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
If the amendment be recommended by a com-
mittee, it is in order of course.
Mr, SLIDELL. I have already had several
elauns of this sort ruled out of order, and I should
feel that I was not doing justice to myself if other
claims of a similar character were allowed to pass
without objection.
Mr. BELL. This certainly is not a private
claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TW is an
existing; law, as a matter of course, paying Sena-
tors their mileage and per diem. This is an appro-
priation recommended by the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to carry out the law.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is denied that Mr. Weight-
man ever was a Senator. I cannot call it a doubt-
ful question. He has not the least pretension to
be called such, and I cannot allow it to be consid-
ered that he was a Senator.
Mr. BELL. Does the Chair decide the amend-
ment to be out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that it is in order.
Mr. BELL. Now, I think I can appeal to
the sense of justice of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana in regard to this matter. I will not
argue the question at this late period, for I know
tins is not the time for argument; but I wish to
stale a few facts.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Tennes-
see is addressing his argument solely to me,
allow me to say to him that I think I understand
' the case very well, and know all the facts.
! Mr. BELL. Then, f will address the state-
| ment to other honorable Senators, excluding the
honorable Senator from Louisiana.
! Mr. SLIDELL. Oh, no; not at all.
! Mr. BELL. A provisional government was
! organized in Oregon before the organization of
i that Territory, and they sent a Delegate or agent
] here. lie made application for mileage and per
j diem, and it was acceded to him, though no terri-
\ toriul government had then been formed in Ore-
1 gon. The game thing occurred in Utah. They
' sent a Delegate here to know in what relations
they were to stand to this Government, no ter-
ritorial government having been organized for
them. After you formed a territorial govern-
ment for Utah, you paid the Delegate sent here by
the Mormons there. This case comes from the
Territory of New Mexico. They organized in
