1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
cided in favor of the Vincennes University. It
was decided that the reservation of a township, m
1804, was a donation, and not a reservation; the
effect of which decision was to declare that the act
of 1818, which purported to grant two townships,
only granted one, and that the former township
disposed of by the Territorial Government had
been vested long before the passage of the act of
X818—or, in other words, that Congress could not,
as intended, grant the township reserved in 1804;
and hence the act of 1818 was defeated, Congress
having no authority to grant what had previously
been referred. There was but a bare majority of
the Court in favor of the decision. The dissent-
ing opinion was written by Chief Justice Taney,
and concurred in by Judge Catron, and, I think,
by Judge Daniel. The Court was divided four to
three. As a legal proposition, I think that the
dissenting opinion was right. 1 may be wrong in
that; and for that reason I believe that we should
pass this bill, and carry out the intention of Con-
gress, by granting to the State of Indiana two
townships of land, within her limits, for a State
University. We should do it in such a way, and
with such guards, as to prevent our giving one
township more than we intend to give. For that
reason 1 think the gentleman's amendment ought
to be adopted.
Mr. MILLSON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will correct him there. The gentleman
says that we ought to carry out the obvious in-
tention of Congress, and secure these two town-
ships for the benefit of the Indiana State Univer-
sity. It was never the intention of Congress to
secure any of this land to the State University.
Mr. ORR. It was granted to the State of In-
diana foi a State Seminary. I think that is the
iansuage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The precise language
■ was, " for a seminary of learning linder her con-
trol."
Mr. ORR. The Vincennes Institute was never
organized by the Legislature of Indiana at all. It
was organized under the territorial government.
The State Legislature of Indiana never sanctioned
or approved of it in one way or the other; and if
you do not make this donation, the effect will be
that the sales which Indiana has made, and the
funds she has already invested for the benefit of
this University of hers, will have to be with- j
drawn, and the University left in a crippled and i
peihaps decaying condition. Now, the difficulty !
grew up, I have no doubt, in consequence of the
careless and loose phraseology of the act of 1816.
1 think Congress may well curry out the purpose
originally intended for the benefit of the State
institution. It is true that the effect is to give In-
diana tiuee townships of land instead of two—not
to the State, but two to the State and one to the
citizens, who, by some legerdemain, have secured
one of these townships by the decision of the
court. 1 think the decision in the supreme court
of Indiana, pursuing the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, will be adverse to the
claim of the State of Indiana, and she will lose
the land.
The amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Million] ought to be adopted to prevent
our giving too much; and if Indiana chooses to
incumber her dockets, as I said at the outset of
my remarks, with cases two or three years in ad-
vance, let the responsibility rest on her, and not
on Congress.
Mr. ENGLISH. As one member of the In-
diana delegation, I should have no objection to
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] piovided that he will
allow it to be modified in one respect; and I think
when I make the suggestion,that it will meet with
the concurrence of the committee as well as the
gentleman himself. The bill provides that the
land to be selected under this grant shall be taken
from any unentered lands within the State of In-
diana. The amendment proposes, before the se-
lection shall be made, that a certain suit shall be
decided, which is now pending in the supreme
court of that State. The difficulty is this: Before
the case can be reached on the calendar, and de-
cided by the court, all the unentered land now
remaining in the State will have been absorbed by
private entry,and no land will be left. Therefore,
if the gentleman will allow his amendment to be
modified, so as to allow of entry upon the unen-
tered land of the United States generally, I will
agree to the amendment, for one, and would be j
glad to see it adopted. I would submit that amend-
ment. ,
Mr. BISSELL. I am opposed to this amend- ]
ment for various reasons, which I do not care ]
now to present. 1 only rise for the purpose of j
making a friendly suggestion to the friends of ;
this biU, which is, that they shall provide by an
amendment that Indiana shall have the privilege
of immediately selecting these lands, and that
they shall be held in reservation for the same un-
til the termination of this suit, when she shall be
entitled to the land, if the suit should be decided
in favor of the Vincennes University.
Mr. DUNHAM. My only objection to that
amendment is this, that the land cannot be se-
lected without a great deal of trouble. [The
remainder of the gentleman's remarks were utter-
ly inaudible to the Reporter.]
Several Members. '-Question !" "Question !"
Mr. ORR. 1 hope the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Bissell] will introduce an amendment to
the effect he proposes.
Mr. BISSELL. I have not reduced the amend-
ment to writing. Indeed, I care very little about
it. I am willing to vote for the bill if there be a
provision embodied in it which shall obviate this
danger. I make this suggestion, more with a view
of being friendly to the bill, than for any other
purpose. I have not reduced the amendment to
writing, nor do I care to do so.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bissell] will suggest a way to obvi-
ate the difficulty, 1 shall most cheerfully accept
his amendment. But I see no way to obviate the
difficulty. If you accept the amendment of trie
gentleman from Illinois, the lands selected for ihe
use of the university could not be brought into
market and made available for some considerable
length of time—say for five years; and, in the
mean time, our State University must necessarily j
be broken up.
Mr. BISSELL. Why, Mr. Chairman, the !
gentleman [Mr. Dunham] has just told us of the >
great rapidity with which the land is snapped up
in that part of the country, and that if they had to !
wait two years for this township, there would be
no land to get. He told us of the eagerness with j
which purchasers are rushing there to swallow up
all the little fragments of land that are left. And
now he tells us that he believes, if in two years j
from this time the university came into possession j
of this land, they would find difficulty in making j
immediate sale.
Mr. DUNHAM. Tf this decision is not ren- :
dered in one year, I ask the gentleman what is to
become of the univemty ? It will be disorganized. |
Mr. BISSELL. I am willing to take ihe gen-
tleman's word for it. ITe fells us that the lands
will all be entered up. So that even if permission
be given to the university to take a township, there
will not be any land m the State for the university
to appropriate. If that be the case, how then is
it possible that, in a few years from this time, the
lands which may be selected now will find no pur-
chasers i
Several Members. "Question!" "Question!"
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee js on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. Read it
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
" Provided farther, That said State «lmll make her 'flec-
tion of lard out ot any land of the United States subject to
private entry."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would that au-
thorize the State of Indiana to locate those lands
within the limits of another State?
The CHAIRMAN. It would have that effect.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I would certainly pre-
fer that the amendment should so read as that the
State of Indiana shall locate them within her own
borders.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not sub-
ject to amendment. There is already an amend-
ment pending to an amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman will allow me
to state an objection to that. We know that in
these various railroad grants there are lands re-
served, subject to private entry, to,use the lan-
guage of the bills, held at the price of two dollars
and a half per acre.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The great objec-
tion is the allowing one State to hold lands within
the borders of another. I hope the amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. ENGLISH. I accept the suggestion
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis-
sell,] and am willing to insert in the proper
place a provision that the lands shall be selected
from those subject to entry, at the rate of one dol-
lar and a quarter per acre.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It may be' that the
States where lands are held by the Government
will have objections to another State becoming a
landholder therein, and I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. I have frequently spoken
upon this subject, and I did not think I should
rise again.
It is not in accordance with the policy adopted
by Congress to permit one State, in which public
lands lie, to go into another State and select dona-
tions made to it by Congress for the purposes of
education; and I do not think the principle of al-
lowing them to do so would be right. It is ad-
mitted that there is an abundance of lands in In-
diana—lands which are so valuable that they are
bein? entered upon every day with great rapidity;
and still, when you propose to grant that State an
entire township, they ask permission to go out
into other land States to select it, wherever they
can find better land than their own. That is a
thing which has never been done, or, at least, a
thing which has not been practiced. I should
like to know upon what principle it ought to be
done now? When you give lands to a State for
educational purposes, and there are lands in that
State, you certainly will restrict her to her own
limits m making the selection
Mr. EASTM AN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman last up. That
amendment, if 1 understand it, proposes to allow
the State of Indiana to go beyond her own limits,
and into other Slates, and take public lands there
which are subject to private entry. I am in favor
of the bill itself, and 1 believe all the members from
the Western States are inclined to support it with
their votes; but I tell the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunham,] that however much I might desire
to vote for ihe bill, if the amendment to which I
refer is attached to it, I shall vote against it; and
I hope and believe every gentleman from the West-
ern States will do the same. We do not want the
State of Indiana, or any other State, to become a
great landholder within our State, neither will we
consent to it by our votes, or directly or indirectly
countenance it. 9
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I appeal to the gen-
tleman to withdraw his amendment proposed to
this bill. 1 have one which I think will satisty
; the House, but I will not offer it now.
| Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say to the gentle-
| man fiom Wisconsin [Mr. Eastman] that I too
i prefer the bill in its present shape; and if all the
i amendments shall be voted down, I shall have no
| objections. But if the gentleman from Virginia
' [Mr. Millson) insists upon the adoption of the
| amendment which he has proposed, 1 shall insist
! upon the one which I have offered as an amend-
ment to his amendment. I prefer the bill as it is
i nov/. But as it is the request of several of my col-
leagues, I withdraw my amendment for the pres-
I ent- , ,
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
; that 1 exactly understand this proposition, or the
; principle upon which this land is asked for. ^ If I
!| do, it seems to me that it is a question of giving
| to the State an additional township of land, and
I not whether we shall vote the right to her to locate
| land m lieu of the township which she has here-
j tofore lost. If I understand the facts of the case,
1 about the year 1804 two townships of land were
' set apart frir the benefit of a University within the
State of Indiana. There was one at that time, or
; shortly afterwards, in existence at Vincennes.
That institution got possession, and enjoyed the
■ I benefit of one of these townships of land. At a
! subsequent period of time, another State institu-
" tion was established at Bloomington, which got
;i possession of and kept the other township Ihe
i Bloomington institution sued for the one, the en-
I joyment of which had been in the possession of
i tiie Vincennes institution.
I Mr DUNHAM. The gentleman is mistaken
■j in his facts. The Vincennes University sold only
about four thousand acres of the first, township of
II land reserved. When the State of Indiana was
