1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. What question is
before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill and the various
amendments. The House has reconsidered the
vote by which the debate was closed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I should like to ask the Chair,
what is the present position of the bill, for 1 really
do not understand it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
proposition now pending in committee. It is bill
No. 317, which has been under discussion yester-
day and to-day. On yesterday, the House adopted
a resolution closing debate in five minutes after
the House should resume the consideration of the
bill. A few minutes since, in the House, the vote
by which that resolution was adopted, was recon-
sidered, and the resolution closing debate was
laid upon the table. General debate upon the bill
has, therefore, been reopened by the action of the
House. The amendments pending are to the
third section of the bill, and with reference to the
last proviso. The pending propositions are the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and an amendment to that
amendment, offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order now to sub-
mit a motion that the committee rise and report
the bill to the House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
gentleman from Oregon is upon the floor, and no
motion can be submitted while he is upon the
floor.
Mr. LANE. If that motion could be made and
adopted, I would yield the floor most cheerfully.
My object is to ask the committee.to make some
disposition of this bill. We have before us many
important territorial bills that deeply interest the
people. This bill has been discussed for two days,
when there is no prospect of its ever receiving the
favorable consideration of the committee. One
week has been set apart for the consideration of
territorial business, and we have now only one
day of that week left, and there is some doubt
whether the House will sit to-morrow, although
I hope it will. If further time is spent on this bill,
it must be apparent to everybody, that all the
other territorial business must lie over perhaps to
the next Congress. Is there any prospect that
the House will give us another week? If not,
measures which are dearer to me than life itself
must be postponed, and cannot be acted on during
this Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will report the
titles of the bills which are still undisposed of,
and which have not yet been acted upon.
Mr. TAYLOR. This is a very important bill,
quite as much so as any bill touching the Terri-
tories of the United States. It proposes to extend
the land system over that Territory.
Mr. LANE. Two days have been already
spent upon it, and I would like to know by what
mode of reasoning the gentleman from Ohio can
undertake to say that this bill can be passed in
five, ten, or fifteen minutes, as I know gentlemen
who are prepared to speak upon it for two or
three hours. If we continue to discuss it, this
day will be consumed, and the bill will still be
undisposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I agree with the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] that the prin-
ciples of this bill are very important, but we all
know that there .is a general disposition in the
House always to provide for the Territories, and
give them sufficient time here in which to have
their business transacted. I always vote to allow
territorial matters sufficient time; and if this day
and the next are not enough to legislate intelli-
gently upon all the bills which are necessary for
the welfare of the Territories, I pledge the honor-
able gentleman that I shall be one of the most
active in efforts to give them another week if ne-
cessary. 1 prefer to do that than to have bills
driven through in hot haste, involving as import-
ant principles as are contained in some of these
bills.
I agree with the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] thatthere areprinciples involved in this
bill, upon which a great deal might be said upon
either side; and we ought to understand what we
are doing, before we are called upon to vote. I
desire to state to the honorable gentleman from
Oregon, that there can be no difficulty about this
matter whatever; and that I am ready to do all
in my power towards attending to the business
of the Territories.
Mr. LANE. I am under many obligations to
the gentleman from Ohio, and every gentleman
who has been willing to grant sufficient time for
the consideration of territorial business. The
Territories are entirely dependent upon Congress.
They have, it is true, the privilege of sending rep-
resentatives here, but these representatives have
not the privilege of voting. It has always been
painful to me to consume one minute of the time
of the House, and 1 would be glad if the business
relating to the Territory of Oregon could be pre-
sented upon its merits, and a vote taken directly
upon it without the necessity of any explanation
upon my part. But I should be very unwilling,
and should feel very much grieved, if the neces-
sary legislation was defeated for want of time in
which to consider it. If the House will say that
other days shall be set apart for the consideration
of territorial business, then I have not a word to
say against whatever course the committee may
pursue in regard to the continuance of the discus-
sion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 understand that we
are to continue with this territorial business until
it is entirely disposed of.
The CHAIRM AN. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken in regard to the order of the House.
The order of the House appropriates the first
week of the month of May, commencing with the
first Monday of the month, to the consideration
of territorial business. This is the special order
on the Journal of the House.
Mr. KERR. There can be more time assigned
for the conclusion of this business.
Mr. LANE. But is there any certainty that
we can get any other time for that purpose ? If
this bill be laid aside, and if at any other time
leave be given for the consideration of territorial
business, it can betaken up first, and the com-
mittee can now act upon bills which may meet
their approval, consider and pass them; and post-
pone the consideration of such other bills as may
not meet their approval. I hope the committee
will do so.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman from Oregon
yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I would be very sorry, Mr. Chair-
man, to present here even the appearance of de-
siring to obstruct needful legislation in regard to
the Territories. I, however, am in favor of a full
and free discussion of the important questions
presented by the bill now before the committee. I
think these questions very grave in their charac-
ter. I think they ought to be discussed and well
considered before they are acted upon. But then
I will deal frankly in what I have to say in refer-
ence to my course upon these questions. Gentle-
men insist here upon having time set apart with a
view of transacting mere territorial business. Now
if they will offer territorial business of a purely
local character, I will aid them; butif it be any part
of the understanding to bring up these territorial
railroad bills, then 1 am for taking any legitimate
course, according to the usages of Parliament, in
order to prevent their consideration.
Mr. LANE. I desire to say to my friend from
North Carolina, and to every other member of
the committee, that we ask no railroad bill for the
Territory of Oregon.
Mr. KERR. I know that; but there is one for
the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. LANE. We ask for nothing but that
which is strictly local, and which relates solely to
the interests of the people there. Nor will I favor
any railroad bill for any Territory, to interfere
with the legitimate territorial legislation.
Mr. KERR. Then I will just ask my friend
from Oregon to apply to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ascertain whether it is
the purpose of that committee to give us a Min-
nesota railroad bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I state to the gentleman
from North Carolina that the Committee on Ter-
tories have no such bill to present.
Mr. KERR. I beg pardon. I spoke inadver-
tently; I meant to say the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, I am very willing
to give the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands the opportunity of answering the inquiry
of the gentleman from North Carolina; and I yield
It 'hat purpose.
No reply was made.
Mr. LANE. 1 will only say to the committee
now, that if they will lay aside this bill that has
been under discussion, and take up bills rela-
tive to Oregon and other Territories, which are
■tnctly local; and if the committee do not decide
that they are so strictly local in their objects, I,
so far as I am concerned, will ask them to be laid
aside and not acted favorably upon. But, with
a view of obtaining legislation upon matters of
deep interest to the Territories, I will ask the
'Uee now—I will appeal to members on be-
i? i-iit'le PeoP'e whom I represent—to lay aside
this bill and take up the Oregon bills, that they
may be considered and acted upon.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, will you
have the Calendar read, and let us see what bills
are on it for our action ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will, by gen-
era! consent, read the Calendar.
The list of bills remaining on the Calendar—
numbering some nine or ten—was read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state, in
reference to Senate bill (No. 220) to establish the
omce of surveyor general of New Mexico, to grant
donations to actual settlers therein, that the com-
mittee have already acted upon a House bill pro-
viding for the same object. There is also another
bill, which was informally laid aside yesterday.
That was a bill in relation to the payment of the
civil officers employed in the Territory of New
Mexico while under military government.
Mr. KERR. These are all the bills upon the
Calendar; but, as I understand it, the Committee
on Public Lands can report any bill they please,
at any time, in reference to territorial business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask of the Chair
a question, in order to bring a fact to the atten-
tion of the committee. The question is, whether,
if we lay aside this bill, it is not in the power of
any member of this committee to have a contest
whenever any other bill comes up? Forinstance,
if we lay aside this bill and take up the next one
to it, and dispose of it, the committee can, if they
desire, resume the consideration of this same bill;
and hence it will be impossible for those gentle-
men who want to get in railroad bills, to get them
in ahead of the bills which are upon the Calendar.
I desire to know of the Chair if that is not so?
The CHAIRMAN. Although debate is not
strictly in order, the Chair will state, in reply to
the interrogatories of the gentleman, with the per-
mission of the committee, that if this bill is laid
aside, the Chair will proceed to call the bills upon
the Calendar in the order in which they stand.
If, m doing so, objection is made to the consider-
ation of any particular bill, it will be for the com-
mittee to decide the question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A short time
since I was in favor of postponing this bill, and of
laying it aside. But seeing that the House is not
proceeding any faster under that motion than be-
fore, I change my opinion, and I suppose we may
as well act upon this bill now as at any other time.
And if we desire to get through with the territorial
business, let us set all night, and to-morrow night.
That is the way to accomplish the thing.
Gentleman say there are important principles
involved m this bill. I suppose there is not a
principle in it upon which the mind of every mem-
ber is not already made up. If gentlemen want
to speak, let them speak, and let us set them out.
Mr. WALLEY. The matter which we are
now engaged upon is highly important. There
are other matters and bills which are no less so.
This bill is as important to the gentleman from
Utah, as the others are to those who represent the
other Territories. Why, then, lay this bill aside,
and take up others, for no other reason than be-
cause other gentlemen wish to press their imme-
diate consideration ? My suggestion to the com-
mittee is this; that if we are not prepared to act
upon this bill now, we should continue the dis-
cussion; but if we are, we should vote upon it
without further delay. But it is worse than use-
less to lay aside one bill which has reference to
local business, without definite action, for the pur-
pose of taking up others which have no prior or
suLe/10r.claim to our present consideration.
Ihe time already occupied in discussing the
question of laying aside this bill without any- de-
cision or the committee 
