1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Here Mr. Walley gave way to the gentleman
from Oregon.
Mr. LANE, who said: I will say to the gentle-
man over the way, [Mr. Wallet,] that for the
purpose of ending the debate upon this bill, I will
withdraw my motion, and submit the motion that
the committee rise, for the purpose of terminating
the debate upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will suggest
to the gentleman from Oregon that that will pro-
tract the debate longer. If anybody wants to
discuss the bill let them; and I assure the gentle-
man that one or two hour speeches will do away
with these five-minute speeches.
Mr. LANE. Very well, I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Is it in order
to move that the committee rise and report the bill
lo the House, with are commendation that it be
rejected ?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in order.
Mr. PERKINS. I will move that it be laid
aside, and be reported to the House with that
recommendation.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Keitt appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-four; a further count not being re-
quired.
So the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
The bill of the House No. 335, entitled " A
bill to extend the right of preemption over un-
surveyed lands in Minnesota, and for other pur-
poses," was next taken up for consideration, and
read by the Clerk, as follows:
licit cnacted, £e., That th« provisions of the preemp-
tion actof 4th September, 1841, and the nets amendcUmy
thereof, shall be extended to the lands in Minnesota Terri-
tmy, whelhet surveyed or not; burin all cases where pre- i
empiion is claimed on unsinveyed lands, the settler shall
file hisulrelaratory statement within three months alter the
survey has been made and returned, and make proof and
payment before the day appointed by the Pie-ident'^ proc-
lamation for the commencement of the sale ot the lands,
including the tract claimed : Ptovicled, however, That if,
when saidiainN are sut vc> eil, it is found that two or more
peisons have settled upon (lie same ijuartei-scclion, each
shall be peimuted to enter his impiovement, as near as
may be, by legal subdivisions.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire why
it is proposed to extend the rights of preemption
to the unsurveyed as well as the surveyed lands?
Mr. RICE. I will answer the gentleman from
Virginia. A tract of twenty-eight millions of acres
wan purchased by the Government; a survey was
authoiized, and a portion of the lands surveyed.
The preemption laws extend to the surveyed
lands, but settlements have been made upon those
unsurveyed; and the object is to prevent specu-
lators Aom coming in and depriving the honest
settler of his improvements. They pay then-
Si 25 per acre as soon as the land is offered for
sale.
A poition of the lauds on the west side of the
Mississippi was ordered to be surveyed. A por-
tion was surveyed. Citizens went there and
settled on the land; hut some of the surveys proved
to be incorrect, and they were recalled. Now,
under the preemption laws, those who settled there
prior to the surveys are not entitled to the right
of preemption. The object is merely to extend
the preemption right to the first settlers.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the hill intended to be
confined to the erroneous surveys, or unlimited?
Mr. RICE. It is applicable to all lands not
reserved for other purposes,
Mr. LETCHER. The whole territory is to be
opened to preemption?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. You do not propose to ap-
ply the bill to the erroneous surveys?
Mr. RICE. It applies to ail. Settlers in Min-
nesota ihink that it is very hard that they shall
not be afforded the privilege of paying ^1 25 per
acre for the public land, without unnecessary
restrictions, when settlers in the other Territories
have granted them one hundred and sixty acres
each, Minnesota has not had granted her one
foot of land for any purpose whatever—for inter-
nal improvements, schools, or for any other pur-
pose. She is paying thousands of dollars daily
into your Treasury. All we want is, that the
settlers who have gone there, and made their im-
provements, shall beprotected against speculators.
Such is the object of the bill. The right asked
has been extended to California, and to Oregon,
aud the other Territories.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill on the Cal-
endar for consideration is a bill to authorize the
President of the United States to cause to be sur-
veyed the tract of land in the Territory of Min-
nesota belonging to the half-breeds, or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah, or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other pursoses.
The bill was read through.
The first section was then read for amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 desire to briefly state the object of the bill.
It will be observed by the committee, that under the
treaty of Prairie du Chien, ot the 15th July, 1830,
on the application of the Sioux tribes or bands of
Indians to theGovernment, a certain tract of coun-
try, designated as lying at the head of navigation
on the west side of the Mississippi river, on Lake
Pepin, within the limits of Minnesota Territory,
embracing in length about thirty-two miles, and
in width about fifteen miles, should be set apart
tor the half-breeds of their tribe. There was a
further provision, that they should hold said lands
or reservation under the same title that all other
Indian lands were held. There was still another
condition in the tenth article of the tieaty, which
authorized the President of the United States, at
any future time, to set apart to any of the said
half-breeds, to be held in fee-simple, a section of
land, but no more. Under the provisions of that
treaty, the half-breeds, many of whom are en-
lightened, some engaged in mercantile pursuits,
and some in farming, have applied repeatedly to
the Government to have the provisions of that
treaty carried into effect. Hitherto nothing has
been done m reference to it. This bill contem-
plates carrying into effect the provisions of the
treaty, so as to secure to the half-breeds the inter-
ests that were intended to be secured to them
under the treaty.
The first provision of the bill, it will be ob-
served, authoiizes scrip to be issued to the half-
breeds who were entitled to it under the treaty of
Prairie du Cluen, of July 15th, 1830, upon condi-
tion that they make a relinquishment to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, under such form as
may be prescribed, of all the interest they possess
in that reservation. It will also be observed by
the committee, that there is no power under the
bill to dispose of that scrip. The object of the
Committee on Indian Affairs in reference to that,
was to prevent the half-breeds from being imposed
upon in the disposition of their land. The com-
mittee was fully aware, that the moment the
patent issues, the power of disposal attaches. The
bill also secures to the half-breeds the right of pre-
emption. This we thought pioper, in older to
secure the interests that were intended to be con-
ferred on the half-bieeds of the Sioux tribe of In-
dians.
The other two provisions of the bill are short
and simple, providing for the survey of the land
within the limits of the reservation, and the taking
of the census.
I have thought it proper to say this much in
reference to the bill. Let me say further, that
this reservation embraces within its limits some
of the most fertile lands in the Territory of Min-
nesota, sti etching to the head waters of navigation
upon the Mississippi river, so as utterly to preclude
any communication by the inhabitants of Minne-
sota with the Mississippi river; for every member
of the committee well understands the fact that un-
der our laws and regulations concerning the Indian
tribes, that no citizens of the United States are
authorized to pass within the limits of their terri-
tory without authority from the Government.
Not only so, but they have no authority even to
clear a road. They have no authority within the
limits of that Territory to build a school house or
erect a church. Hence this bill is not only im-
portant to the interests of the half-breeds of the
Sioux tribe of Indians, but it is of tenfold greater
interest to every citizen of the Territory of Min-
nesota. I believe that the bill, as framed, will
meet the objects contemplated. Some gentlemen
might be disposed to think chat the objects of the
treaty could be carried into effect without legisla-
tion; but this,in my opinion, cannot be done. As
late as 1852, a treaty was sent to the Senate of
the United States, proposing to dispose of this
tract or reservation of land forthesum of $150,000;
but that body refused to ratify the treaty, and
upon proper principles.
The half-breeds are not a tribe of Indians in the
sense m which we use the term " Indian tribes,"
and hence there was no power m this Govern-
ment to enter into a treaty with them. Nor can
we reach the object desired by treating with the
Sioux band of Indians, for the very reason that
they have parted with the interest they possessed
within that reservation. It is then perfectly ap-
parent that the objects we have in view can only
be attained by the legislation of Congress; and I
think that such objects can be attained by the
passage of the bill now under consideration. I
hope that it may receive the favorable considera-
tion of the committee, and that they will report it
to the House, with the recommendation that it
pass. A friend near me has suggested that perhaps
I ought to state the quantum ot land for which pro-
vision is made in this bill. It is about three hun-
dred and eighty thousand acres. I will state that
the bill makes provision for such half-breeds as do
not reside in said reservation, but have moved
beyond its limits, and who under the treaty were
entitled to participate in its benefits, and that a
census shall be taken so as to enable the Govern-
ment to ascertain who are and who are not enti-
tled to its benefits. Let me say here, in addition
to what I have already stated, according to the
best information I have been enabled to obtain in
reference to this matter, that there are about two
hundred half-breeds who are entitled to receive
the benefits of this bill.
Mr. HAYEN. I would like to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Mississippi who has
just taken his seat. Yery likely he may have
explained the matter sufficiently, but I was en-
deavoring to learn from the bill what I desired to
j know, and did not hear all his remarks. The bill
! seems to be, from a hasty reading of it, imper-
1 feet. It authorizes the President to exchange cer-
; tain things; and I wish the gentleman from Mis-
j sissippi would inform us,as the bill, I think, does
■ not, what it is to be exchanged, and for what the
| exchange is to be made. It seems to me that the
, language of the bill is not very clear and explicit
upon this point.
Mr. WRIGHT. I regret very much that my
friend from New York [Mr. Haven] has not
j been enabled to discover what the exchange is to
j be. Most assuredly he has not read the bill, or
j else his optics would have been keen enough to
i discover that it was an exchange of the half-breed
j reservation for scrip. But let me explain the
J matter, in reply to the inquiry of the gentleman
: from New York, Why is an exchange of land
made for scrip? For the reason that you can
only obtain the objects contemplated in the treaty
by such a provision. They are those who have
moved beyond the limits of Minnesota, who
occupy their farms, who are cultivating them, and
are not residents within the limits of Minnesota
Territory. The object of this bill is to give these
half-breeds scrip, so that they can avail themselves
of the benefits of their own labor by securing the
lands upon which they have settled. Nor does
this ultimate in injury to the United States, for
the reason that, under the provisions of this treaty,
as will be observed, none will receive scrip who
are not entitled.
In addition to this, I would say, that this will
open up the reservation for settlement by white
citizens within its limits. And, for the inform-
ation of the committee, 1 will say, that it is only
the most civilized of the half-breeds who have
remained there. Those who have preferred un-
civilized life and Indian habits have gone beyond
the limits of the reservation. They are,however,
entitled to the benefits secured, or intended to be
Hence the provision in the bill authorizing them
secured to them under the treaty of Prairie du Chien.
to receive scrip. But in order to induce them to
take care of their rights, the bill provides that
they cannot dispose of their scrip until they have
located it; and, as I stated before, when the patent
is issued to them, then they shall have the power
of disposing of their land, and of receiving the
benefits to which thevare entitled.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As I under-
stand it, this is a block of land on the Mississippi
