404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
admitted into the Union, as I understand it, and
as Congress understood it at the time, that town-
ship and another were granted to the State for the
State University. The State of Indiana sold both
townships, with the exception of the four thousand
acres previously sold; and the Vincennes Univer-
sity has since brought a suit to recover from the
State the funds which accrued from the sale of the
first township of land reserved to the State. The
State University was endowed and is now sup-
ported by the funds arising from the sale of both
townships.
Mr. JONES. That does not materially alter
the position of this case. The State of Indiana
has received the benefit of two townships of land
given to the State by the Congress of the United
States* They have not both gone to endow one
institution. One township has been given under
the action of Indiana to the State institution. The
other township has, under the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, gone to the Vin-
cennes institution. Then the Bloomiugton insti-
tution has received the benefit and the proceeds of
the sales of one township, and the Vincennes
Institution has received the proceeds of the sales
of the other. Both of these institutions are lo-
cated in the State of Indiana. If this is the true
state of facts, it does seem to me that this is a
question whether we will again give to them an
additional township of land. Who is the correct
judge of what was done by the act of Congress,
the people of Indiana who are interested in build-
ing up the State institution, or the supreme court,
who may be supposed at least to be impartial, and
who, we may conclude, have made a correct de-
cision in this matter?
The gentleman from Indiana says in his argu-
ment, I believe, that that court was composed of
a bare quorum when they decided the question.
He says that there were but seven members of the
court present. The court when full is composed
of nine members, and five is a quorum. Four
judges out of seven made the decision to which
the gentleman objects. I think, as I before said,
that this is simply a question whether we will
give to the State of Indiana an additional town-
ship of land or not, and not a question whether
we are bound to vote another as an act of justice
under the former law.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have but a word to say. If
this were a case between two land speculators, I
should be inclined to vote for such an amendment
as this, for the purpose of putting the measure
upon the ground of stiiet right against them. But
it must be apparent to every member of the com-
mittee that a mistake was made by Congress in
making this grant, and that the State of Indiana
has failed to realize what she should have done in
order to place her upon an equality with the other
States to which such grants have been made by
Congress. Now, the only difficulty about the
matter is, that if we should pass the bill without
amendment, there may possibly be some means
by which the Indiana State University may get the
land which it was the intention of Congress to
grant her in the first place. Well, sir, suppose it
does ; after all, it goes for the benefit of education;
and it seems to me that if we were now to pass
this bill without the amendment proposed, and af-
ter a while the other party should come here and
claim as a matter of equity to be reinstated in the
quantity of land which Congress originally granted
to them, and, representing as they do from that
State, two great systems of education, Congress
had better grant it. These institutions certainly
need the land, and I would rather grant a township
more than they are justly entitled to than to de-
prive them of half a township which they are en-
titled to. We have gftt land enough, and it is a
plain case, in rny opinion, that the State of In-
diana has a just and equitable right to what is
claimed in this hill; and if so, she ought to have
it untrammeled by any restriction which should
prevent her from enjoying its full benefit.
Pass this bill, and the meaning of the act will
then be so plain that there need be no apprehen-
sion that the State of Indiana will ever undertake
to make money out of a construction of the law
that Congress meant to grant three townships in-
stead of two, which she would have to do in case
those things should take place against which this
amendment is designed to provide. It seems to
me, therefore, that we may very safely pass the
bill as it now stands. As I said at the outset, I
look upon the matter very differently from what I
should if it were with speculators that we were
dealing.
Suppose the decision should be changed by the
courts, and the other party should come here and
claim an equal quantity of land with that granted
to the State University, we should be compelled,
in justice to these two systems of education, to
treat them equally, and give to one as much as we
have given to the other; but I think the land
could not be better disposed of than for the ben-
efit of education.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am not disposed to
participate in this discussion; but I will say that,
while I concur in the amendment proposed to be
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] 1 fully appreciate the motives which
actuatethe gentleman from New York [Mr. Sim-
mons] m the liberality with which he would do-
nate the public lands for the benefit of education.
Like him, I would go to any reasonable extent
for the purpose of advancing institutions of that
chaiacter; and, like him, I would carefully scru-
tinize ihe pretensions of speculators.
But, sir, representing in part one of the new
States of this Union, I should be unwilling to
adopt any amendment which would authorize the
State of Indiana to make her selection in any part
of the Union outside of her own borders. 1 fully
concur in the remarks of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eastman] on that subject. I am
willing to vote for the bill, if I can possibly do so,
in such a shape as to meet the views of the Rep-
resentatives of the State of Indiana; but I am in
favor of throwing such guards around it as to pre-
vent the State of Indiana from obtaining a larger
amount of land for this purpose than u was the
original intention of Congress to grant her.
The suit seems to be still pending in the supreme
couit of the State. True, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Dunham] says that there is nothing
in the suit, and that they cannot possibly expect
to recover; but the suit is, neverthejess, still pend-
ing, and I can see no harm that can possibly lesult
to the State of Indiana by submitting to an amend-
ment that will secure the object which the gentle-
men profess to desire to obtain.
I am in favor of the bill. 1 am in favor of voting
to Indiana what is her right, and what the Govern-
ment designed originally to give her; but I think
that the friends of the bill should certainly not
object to an amendment which will secure that to
her eventually. They say that delay would place
the State in such a condition that she could not
possibly recover this loss, because the lands are
being entered up by individuals so fast that the
grant would not be worth a farthing by the time
the suit is decided, if she was confined to her own
borders in making the selection. The amendment
which will be introduced by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will obviate that diffi-
culty. It provides that the Governor of the State
of Indiana shall be authorized to appoint an agent
to select these lands at once, and to report them to
the General Land Office, to be reserved from sale,
subject to confirmation of rejection, as this suit
may terminate. It seems to me that the friends of
the bill cannot possibly object to that proposi-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not rise to
make a speech, but I really desire to know whether
I understand this question, for theie has been such
a perplexity of arguments and statements that I
confess myself to be somewhat in the dark in
regard to it.
As I understand it, it is customary for Congress
to grant to each new State that may be admitted
into the Union two townships of land, for educa-
tional purposes-—that is to say, for university
purposes. Is that the fact ? I appeal to members
from the new States to know if it is so.
Mr. EASTMAN. Yes; it is.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I understand that the
State of Indiana has had her two townships.
Mr. DUNHAM. No; no.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir; she has had her two
townships. The gentleman says " no;" I under-
stand, however, that such is the fact, but that
there is a difference between her own people as to
who has a right to the land. The State has got
it, but the question is whether the Vincennes Uni-
versity was entitled to it or not. The State has
already received the quantity of land habitually
given to new States for this purpose, and the
effect of this bill, as 1 understand it, would be to
give her another township of land. If that be so,
it is plain to my mind that we ought to vote down
the bill.
Mr. ORR. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] should be rejected,
I propose to offer an amendment which I think
will meet the views of every gentleman. It pro-
vides that the State of Indiana may cause the
lands to he selected at once; that the lands so
selected shall be reported to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and shall be by him with-
drawn from sale until the decision of the cause
now pending in the supreme court of the State of
Indiana, in which the Vincennes Univeisity is the
plaintiff and the State of Indiana the defendant;
and that said selection shall be confirmed, and
patents issued therefor, if the suit shall be decided
adversely to the State of Indiana, but if other-
wise, then the selection shall be null and void.
Mr DISNEY. I purpose, Mr. Chairman,
saying a word or two m relation to this bill. I
have looked somewhat into it. In the remarks
which I am about to make, I leave out of view
the auxiliary and subsidiary question, which has
been debated here this morning.
The merits of the bill rest upon this statement
of facts: At the time of the admission of the State
of Indiana into the Union, in the year 1816, as is
usual on such occasion, a compact was entered
into between that State and the United States. In
that compact various stipulations and conditions
were inserted. Among them, on the part of -In-
diana, was a stipulation to forbear taxation in
such regards, and to such extent. On the other
side, on the part of the United States, certain do-
nations in consideration of this forbearance were
made, to wit: of all the salt-spring lands and
various other matters, not necessary to the under-
standing of this case, and therefore not necessary ,
for me to enumerate. Suffice it for me to state, in
general terms, that there were a number of dona-
tions and grants in that act. Among others was
j a grant of a township of land to the State of In-
diana, for the purpose of aiding in the establish-
ment and support of a seminary of learning, under
the direction and control of that State. And in
making this grant the act of Congress had refer-
ence to and recognizes a previous grant of a town-
ship of land for the same purpose.
I think it perfectly apparent, on the face of the
act admitting that State, that it was the understand-
ing of both the parties—to wit: the State of Indiana
and the Congress of the United States—that two
townships of land were given to the State of In-
diana, subject to the control of her Legislature, in
order to sustain and support a seminary of learn-
ing—given to the State of Indiana in virtue and
in consideration of the stipulations set forth in that
act, of certain things to be done, or forbore to be
done, on the part of that State. And besides, sir,
the act in so recognizing the previous grant, and
in making a special, specific grant of an additional
township, but followed the course of proceeding
which kad been adopted in regard to the State of
Ohio previously to this time, and which has been
followed ever since in relation to the northwestern
States of the Union.
Well, sir, so stands the case; both parties un-
derstanding that a grant of two townships of land
had been made to the State of Indiana for this
purpose. Subsequent facts have proved that the
firstgranted township would not, as was supposed
by both parties, inure to the State of Indiana,
and could not inure to her for any purpose what-
ever; and it has been held that the United States
had not conveyed to the State, by the original
grant, the township which had been proposed, and
which both parties supposed was conveyed pre-
vious to the admission of the State. Heie, then,
was an error of fact, contrary to the understand-
ing of both parties. It now turns out that the
State of Indiana, instead of getting two townships
for the support of her seminary of learning under
the control of her Legislature, as all of the other
northwestern States have, only gets one.
Now, it is alleged, on the other hand, although
the State has not got in her State capacity two
townships of land for such a purpose, yet she has
got one for that purpose, and her citizens, in point
of fact, got the other township of land with which
they promoted similar, or kindred purposes. Now
what force is there in the objection? Here was a
solemn compact entered into between Indiana, at
