1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
1850 a State government, and supposed they
would be accepted as aState of the Union. They
therefore sent no delegate, but their Legislature
chose two Senators, and the people elected one
Representative who, it was of course presumed,
would act as Delegates or agents. It was supposed
that, even if they were not accepted as members
of the two Houses, they would be here in such a
position as to represent the wishes and wants of
that Territory. One of the persons selected as
Senators [Mr. Weightman] came on to this city;
the other did not.
Well, sir, you did not accept the constitution of
New Mexico, but refused her admission as a
State. You, however, paid the Representative
whom she sent to the other House as an agent his
mileage and per diem; but, by an accidental omis-
sion, you failed to provide for the paymentof Mr.
Weightman, who came here claiming to be Sena-
tor elect from New Mexico. I learn from Senators
who were privy to the transaction, that it was by
an accidental omission that he was not provided
for. I have no personal connection whatever with
this gentleman. 1 know him; but I have not seen
him for a long time. This is a question that has
been presented to the Committee on Territories
for two or three sessions past, and has always
been favorably acted on by them. I make the
proposition to pay Mr. Weightman on the same
ground that you paid the Delegate from Oregon,
I who came without authority, on the same ground
that you paid the Delegate from Utah, who came
without authority, and on the same ground that
you paid the Representative from New Mexico,
who was sent here with Mr. Weightman. Upon
what principle of justice can there be a discrimin-
ation between them? What objection, after these
precedents, can there be to paying Mr. Weight-
man ? The honorable chairman of the Committee
on Territories, if he were now present, would
confirm every fact 1 have stated, and would show
that it was by an accidental omission Mr. Weight-
man was not paid with the others.
Mr. STUART. I rise only for the purpose of
• calling the attention of the Senate to the fact that
we had a very lengthy discussion of this subject
upon the deficiency bill, in the course of which
the Senate was advised of every fact in relation to j
the case, and the majority then voted in favor of
the proposition. I had the fortune or misfortune
to vote against it; but I only ask that we shall now
come to a vote upon it, believing that we have all
the knowledge which we can get by discussion.
Mr. SLiDELL. I do not desire to be misun-
derstood in reference to this matter. 1 have a very
decided opinion about the question. 1 voted with
the Senator from Michigan on the occasion to
which he refers, after an examination of the sub-
ject; but I have raised the question of order,
whether this is not obnoxious to the same objec-
tion which various other amendments that have
been offered to this bill have met with on the part
of Senators, and which have been ruled out of
order. I wish to know whether it is not a private
claim. I think it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided that, in his opinion, the amendment is in
order. The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I recollect well the
circumstances under which this individual came
here. I never was more sensibly impressed with
the justice of a claim in my life than I am of the
justice of this claim, in view of all the precedents
and of the condition of the country at the time.
As I stated on a former occasion, this allowance
would have been made at the compromise session
of 1850 by an overwhelming majority, but for the
unfortunate opposition of my friends from Texas,
who, by their capital management, got $10,000,000
for their State to settle the boundary difficulty.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me say to my friend
from Iowa that i have had time to look into this
matter, and that I am satisfied that it is a just
claim. I cannot speak for my colleague; but for
myself I am prepared to vote for the amendment
as a just allowance which ought to be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I have one little amendment to
offer, it is the only amendment I have offered,
or shall offer, to this bill. It is to add the follow-
ing additional section:
Sec, —. Jind be if farther enacted, That the act of April
22,1854,1s hereby so construed as to allow the clerks in
the Patent Office, appointed under the second section of
the act of March 3,1839, who were not embraced in the
said act of April 22, the same increase of compensation as
was allowed to messengers, watchmen, and laborers, by
said act of April 22: Provided, ho>vecer, That no clerk
shall receive a greater amount of additional compensation
than was allowed to clerks of like grade by said act of
April 22.
1 only wish to say, that all the clerks not em-
braced in that law of April 22, 1854, have been
embraced in this bill, with the exception of these
clerks. Their salary was fixed in 1839, and there
is the same reason for increasing it as for increas-
ing the salaries of the other clerks.
Mr. HUNTER. These, as I understand, are
the copying clerks in the Patent Office. I went to
see the Secretary of the Interior on the subject,
and I understand that they are compensated by
the word, and well compensated. It is a kind of
business at which an adroit and skillful clerk can
make more money than many of the regular
clerks. 1 think it would be improper to disturb
that arrangement. I understand it is one of the
best arranged of all the classes of temporary
clerks. I do not think they are entitled to come
under the benefits of the general provisions of the
act of April 22d last.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 was governed in this matter
by the opinion of the Commissioner of Patents,
under whom these clerks labor, if their salary
was correctly fixed, m 1839, at ten cents per one
hundred words, with the present expense of liv-
ing, 1 suppose it would hardly be a reasonable
compensation now.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to move a reconsidera-
tion of a vote on an amendment which has already
been adopted.
Several Senators. Let us first get through
with the amendments which we have to offer.
Mr. CHASE. I yield to the general sense of
the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it fuither enacted, Thnt the district
judjrt'H for the State of 'California, while ni the discharge of
their duties, imposed by th<* act of the 3d M:trch, 1851, en-
titled " An act to ascertain arid settle the private land claims
in the State ol California," be allowed at the rate of$2,000
per annum, ui addition to iheir salaries as district judges
for the State of California, which shall be in full for their
services.
I will state, Mr. President, that it has been the
practice of the Government for the last thirty
years, where additional duties in the settlement of
land claims have been imposed on the judges of
the district courts, to allow them additional com-
pensation for services thus performed. There
was a law passed in 1824 for the judges of Mis-
souri and Arkansas for similar services, and this
amendment is in the very words of that law fur-
nished to me by the Attorney General. The same
case has occurred in Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Florida. It has been the case in every State
where these additional duties have been imposed
on the judges.
To show the necessity of some additional com-
pensation to these judges in California, I will
inform the Senate of some statements which 1 have
from the Attorney General, in answer to inquiries
which 1 put to him. He says that this has been
the practice of Lhe Government for thirty years—
from the time the first act passed to bring these
cases into the United States courts. He then
states, in regard to the number of cases, that:
l{ The number of land claims on the docket of the com-
missioners in California, at the date of the la?>t report thereof,
was about four hundredand fifty. The number now m my
office is ninety; and according to the present course of
biisanefs before the commissioners, the number of ca^es
cernfied to me will be greatly increased before any decision
of the triipreiuc Cmnt can be lunl, so as to estabhMi general
principle'!, and remove the necessity of appeals to the dis-
trict courts."
There were upwards of eight hundred cases
before the commissioners otiginally. The residue
have been acted upon. There are now, as the
Attorney General states, ninety cases of appeals to
the district courts. I presume that every case de-
cided against the United States, and every case
decided against private claimants, will be appealed
to the district courts. The lands are so valuable,
and the amounts involved so great, that it will be
impossible to settle these cases until some few of
them are decided in the Supreme Court of the
United States. The district judge for the south-
ern district of California gets but #'2,800, and the
judge for the northern district only $3,500. There
has not been a day, since the northern district
was organized, that the judge was able to sit on
the bench, that his court has not been in session.
There is not a judge in the United States, not ex-
cepting the judges on the Supreme Court bench,
who has more duties and more responsibilities.
All I wish, is to give the judges in California com-
pensation m proportion to their services.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I am
friendly to the object which the Senatorfrom Cal-
ifornia'has in view, that of compensating judicial
officers for extra labor which has been imposed
upon them since the acceptance of their offices;
and, in moving to amend the amendment, as I
propose to do, ! do it, not with any view to em-
barrass that proposition, but in the utmost good
faith. I am for the consideration of as much of
this subject togetha^as is germane to the common
purpose in view. /I therefore move to amend the
amendmentof th/Senator from California by add-
ing: to it: *
For payment of salary, in addition to that now allowed
by law to the district judge of the State of Arkansas, at
the rate of $2,500 per annum in future, $500.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Arkan-
sas will not embarrass my proposition by his
amendment. They relate to entirely different
matters.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The only difference be-
tween the two cases is this: The additional duties
imposed on the district judge of Arkansas are
permanent in their character, and running through
all future time, whereas the proposition of the
Senator from California is to pay for temporary
services already performed. The two proposi-
tions are alike for extra services in both cases,
and I can see no reason why you should make
any discrimination between them. Neither isnow
ingrafted in any existing law, but both alike bring
up the question of compensation for extra ser-
vices.
The compensation of the district judge of the
State of Arkansas is grossly inadequate, as every
Senator who can well appreciate the value of legal
services, and the order of talent required for a
district judge, must readily perceive. The salary
now allowed by law is but $2,000 for holding two
protracted terms of the district court at the seat of
government, and two additional terms near the
boundary of the Indian nation, with an addi-
tional jurisdiction and an additional court for the
purpose of trying Indian cases. That duty has
been imposed upon him by law. It was something
beyond what he expected, and what he had a right
to expect at the time he accepted the office; and
to that extent it is literally extra duty. I insist
that it is not only right to pay extra compensation
in this case, but it is right in all cases similarly
circumstanced. I allude now not to those general
considerations which have been adduced here in
favor of an increase of all salaries, in considera-
tion of the changed condition of things in the
country, but I speak of a cosdition of affairs
which applies to this particular judgeship and no
other that I am aware of in the western country.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment which I have
offered will not be considered an embarrassment
to the proposition of the Senator from California.
The only difference between the two cases is, that
my proposition is for permanent and extra service,
while his is for temporary services already per-
formed.
Mr. GWIN. I trust the Senator will not in-
sist upon his amendment. I wish to have a vote
on nune as a separate proposition. It is one en-
tirely in accordance with all the precedents where
district judges have had imposed upon them duties
connected with the settlement of private land
claims. I know that the judge in Arkansas does
not get enough, and I am perfectly satisfied that he
should have increased compensation; but here is
an extraordinary necessity in California. These
judges will not try the cases unless they get a
sufficient compensation, and you cannot force
them to try them, so that all our land cases may
lie over for years. They can resign, if they
choose, and leave the land claims in their present
unsettled state. In the present condition of land
claims in that State, there are great conflicts
arising, and unless we give the judges a sufficient
compensation to discharge these duties which
have been imposed upon them since their ofi&cse
