1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
were created, we cannot expect them to work day
and night to clear their dockets.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia state to me how it is that they are not
bound, as judges, to investigate land claims?
Mr. GWIN. Why, sir, the judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United States laid over land
cases tor six yeais, because they were not pre-
pared to take them up.
Mr. DAWSON. But the question I ask, is,
whether it is not part of the duty of these judges,
as judges, to attend to this business ?
Mr. GVVIN, It is an additional duty which
has been imposed on them, and for which judges
in all the other States have always been paid. It
was imposed on them by a separate and distinct
law, and not by the act under which they were
appointed. My object is not to bring up the gen-
eral question of raising the salaries of the judges
of the district courts, which I know are wholly
inadequate. I have confined my amendment
strictly to the precedents cited by the Attorney
General in his letter, in which he shows that in
every State of the Union where these land claims
by special laws have been brought within the juris-
diction of the district court, the district judges
have always been allowed extra compensation.
Mr. DAWSON, I think there is a mistake
about this matter. The laws of Congress pre-
scribe what shall be the duties of judges; and they
are as much bound to consider questions relating
to land titles as those relating to the titles to per-
sonalty, if they fall within their jurisdiction.
Now, there never has been any deficiency in the
powers of the courts in reference to title to per-
sonalty or to real estate.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will read the law to which I refer, to show him
that this is nothing but what is usual. It is in
these woids:
An act enabling the claimants to lanch within the limits of
tho State of Missouri and Territory of Arkansas to in-
stitute proceedings tn try the validity of their claims.
Sec. 13. *4nd be it further enacted, That the district
judge for the State of Missouri shall, while in the discharge
of the duties imposed by this act, be allowed at the rate of
eight hundred dollars pur annum, in addition to his salary,
as district jiwljje for the State of Missouri, which shall be in
full for his >f*rvKMjK.
Approved May 26, 1824.
This was the first law which authorized these
cases to be brought into the United States courts.
Prior to that time, they were brought before Con-
gress by the commissioners. Subsequently they
were tried in the district courts, and then the dis-
trict judges were always allowed additional com-
pensation.
Mr. DAWSON. The Congress of the United
States have no power to take away from the
courts the cases which they shall try. The Con-
stitution regulates that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will my friend from Geor-
gia allow me to explain ?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The cases of which the
Senator from California speaks are cases where
claimants claim titles to land, as against the Gen-
eral Government, under grants made by foreign
Governments previously "to the acquisition of the
States where the claims are made to the Union,
and, consequently, there is no jurisdiction in the
courts of the United States to try those claims,
unless it be specially imposed on them.
Mr. DAWSON. That is what I supposed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is an additional duty
imposed on the judges, and for such special duty
they have always been paid extra.
Mr. DAWSON. Now, I wish toknowofthe
Senator from California whether there has been
any special act of Congress requiring the judges
of the United States courts there to try these titles
to land ?
Mr. GWIN. The law is, that the claims are
to be examined by the board of commissioners,
and the same law gives a right of appeal from
their decision to the district court.
Mr. DAWSON. It gives a right of appeal to
the district court, and thus changes the whole
character of the precedent cited from Missouri.
In that case the judge was a commissioner to try
the land cases. He tried all the cases as commis-
sioner; and then, if the parties were dissatisfied,
they could appeal to the court. That is the way
in which he received additional compensation; but
this is a different case. Nov/, 1 will say to the
Senator that, at the proper time, whenever we
ascertain the extent of theduty discharged by these
judges, if it shall be thought that it does not come
within the general purview of the duties assigned
to the district judges, I will vote for proper addi-
tional compensation; but 1 cannot vote to*increase
their salaries $2,000 a year, when there is no law
requiring of them the discharge of this duty.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is mistaken. They
are bound, by law, to try those cases.
Mr. DAWSON. They are bound to try ap-
peals from the commissioners, in order that the
cases may go from the district to the Supreme
Court. That is all.
Mr. GWIN. But they try them as entirely
new cases,
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, my friend
from California always speaks in such a tone of \
earnest indignation against the parsimonious legis-
lation of the country for California, that I gener-
ally feel disposed, without questioning the matter,
to vote with him. Here, however, he asks an
increase of salary to the extent of $2,000 per
year in addition to the salary now allowed to the
district judges of California. The district judge
of the northern district of California already re-
ceives $3,500. If we allow the increase now pro-
posed, it will be a far greater increase than ever
has been given to a district judge on similar
gtounds. if the Senator would take the increase
to the judges in Missouri and the other Tenito-
ries, including Florida, for such services, and con-
fine himself to that, there would be some parallel
between them; but he goes further. The salaries
of the district judges of California have been
already based upon the increased expenditure
necessary to live in that State; and, therefore, in
giving them additional allowance, we need riot take
that matter again into consideration. But in the
case to which the Senator from California alludes,
the judges were not called upon to act on those
land cases as judges, but they sat as commissioners,
not as judges, and no appeals lay from them as
judges, or as commissioners, to the circuit or su-
preme court. I can be corrected if I am wrong
in this.
Mr. GWIN. The gentleman speaks of his
own State. It was not so in Missouri.
Mr. MALLORY. But if the honorable Sena-
tor will look at one of the last decisions of the
Supieme Court on this subject, he will find that j
a case brought up from the northern district of
Florida was set aside exclusively on the ground
of a want of jurisdiction in the judge of the dis-
trict court sitting as judge. If these district judges
in California are to try causes in appeal as judges,
then I should be willing to vote an increase of sal-
ary to them, but not upon the ground that we are
giving them a salary to try land causes; because,
as has been remarked by the Senator from
Georgia, they will be bound to take jurisdiction
of those causes any how, with their present salary.
If that salary is not sufficient, and it seems to be
Iowfor California, I am willing to vote an increase,
but not m this way.
Mr, JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am not un-
favorable to the proposition ot the Senator from
California, and I shall be glad to see it adopted.
I have, however, already made some remarks to-
day which will show him that I am sincere m en-
deavoring to get for my own State the proposition
which has been offered by my colleague as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator from j
California. The amendment offered by my col- j
league only proposes to give $500 additional to j
the district judge of Arkansas. I make no com- ■
plaint of the Senator from California for bringing j
forward his proposition for a larger increase m j
his State. On tne contrary, I think it necessary, j
and shall support it. j
There is a peculiarity in.the case of Arkansas j
which eminently entitles the amendment of my |
colleague to the favorable consideration of the |
Senate. Before I touch on that, however, let me I
remind the Senator from California that, in the
cases to which he refers in Missouri and Arkan-
sas, the district judge was allowed the additional ;
compensation fordoing this duty as a land court;
and in that view, perhaps, a distinction could be
drawn between that increaseof compensation and
the one proposed by the Senator. The jurisdic-
tion given over land cases m California to the dis-
trict court is but an appellate jurisdiction, not in-
consistent at all with the regular business of that
court, but being in fact a par^ of the business of
the court at the time it was established by law,
and before the judge was appointed to it. So I
understand the case to be. I do not understand
that it is a separate and distinct burden which
was put upon the district judges in California.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is mistaken; it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from California
says it is. At any rate, the judges in California
have only an appellate jurisdiction over these land
causes. It has been a jurisdiction attached to
those judges since their offices were created, and
since the judges were appointed, according to the
statement now made by the Senator. That ren-
ders the case presented by him more meritorious,
but still it does not give it any precedence over
the application made by mv colleague, particularly
when the additional salary asked for by him is
not, by any means, so great as that proposed by
the amendment of the Senator from California.
My colleague and myself ask for additional
compensation for additional services, which have
been imposed on the district judge in Arkansas
since his appointment. We might well, in sup-
port of this proposition, appeal to the clause in the
Constitution of the United States, familiar to the
mind of every Senator, that the judges of the Uni-
ted States shall "receive for their services a com-
pensation which shall not be diminished during *
their continuance in office." It cannot be denied, -|r
that if you impose extra services upon an officer
after he has been appointed at a fixed salary, you
may put such an amount of services on him as to
overburden him, and thereby effectually dimin-
ish his salary, in fact, so as to drive him from the
office rather than submit to it.
Now, sir, the case submitted by my colleague
is this: The district judge of the United States, in
Arkansas, receives only §2,000 a year. Since the
time he was appointed to that office, an additional
district court has been provided there. It is one
which takes jurisdiction of all the Indian territory
west ofour State, and embracing with it some five
or six counties of Arkansas, in order that there
may be places within the State for the selection of
juries and other facilities for carrying on the busi-
ness of the court. That district embraces, as I
have said, all the Indian territories west of Arkan-
sas, and its business is very heavy. By the cre-
ation of this new district, a large class of business,
of which'the district court of Arkansas never be-
fore had jurisdiction, has now been added to the
duties of the present judge. The consequence of
it is, that he has to travel one hundred and seventy
miles, twice a year, to hold that court. The
terms are long. The jurisdiction extends over
the vast tract of country lying west of Arkansas,
and some of it west of Missouri, and running on
to the boundaries of New Mexico.
From this statement any Senator can see at
once the difference between the duties now im-
posed on the district judge in Arkansas, and those
which were required of him when he was first ap-
pointed. He is now required to hold five court
terms, and he is necessarily constantly engaged
in them. His compensation remains at $2,000,
as it was when he was originally appointed, al-
though the traveling and incidental expenses
thrown upon him by the creation of the new dis-
trict in that State, as well as the labor and service
required of him, have been greatly increased.
1 cannot believe, under these circumstances, but
that the case of the judge in Arkansas is one which
ought to be provided for. The judge himself has
felt how onerous it is. He has hitherto been un-
able to get his representatives in the Senate and
House to act upon the subject, or at least they
have been unable to get it before the two Houses.
At an early period of the session, we had the
question referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; but we have never heard, from that day to
this, a word from the Judiciary Committee in ref-
erence to it, and we now learn that, under an
order of the committee, the gentleman to whom
they referred the subject was directed not to bring
forward a remedy for such injustices as this until
the bill for the reorganization of the judiciary
department should be taken up and acted on. I
have seen no effort to take up that bill. I regret
exceedingly that there has been no effort to bring
jt to the consideration of the Senate; or at lean",
such aslightand comparatively unimportant effoxt
as to show that the feeling fit of the committee could
not he very strongly in favor of action. This
