1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
river, containing some three hundred and eighty-
thousand acres. That land cannot be approached,
or, at any rate, it cannot be crossed by any of the
inhabitants of the United States. Itisimportantthat
it should be brought into market. It is important
that it should be opened for transit, opened for
ways, or highways, or.railroads. It is important
that it should be opened for the purposes of com-
munication between the country beyond and the
Mississippi river. It seems to me this is an
object which it is desirable should be attained.
The Indians, or the half-breeds, hold this land in
community; it is in the one block; and this bill,
as I understand it, provides that they shall give
up their interest in this land for scrip—the scrip
corresponding with the number of acres to which
they may be respectively entitled. If they have
their scrip, they may locate their lands where
they choose. They may locate it in this territory,
or anywhere else upon the surveyed or unsur-
veyed lands of the United States. It thus ex-
changes land for land—this land for other. It
seems to me that this will be to the advantage of
the Indians. The effect of the bill will be to open
up this territory, which lies in the way of all im-
provement, to the people of the United States.
And this will he a great advantage to the people I
of the Territories, and to the general interests of
the country. I see no objection that there can be
against this bill.
There being no proposition to amend,
Mr. WASH BURN K, of Illinois, moved that
the bill be laid aside and reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be laid aside
to be reported, unless amendments be proposed
to it.
Mr. HEN N. Before the bill be laid aside, I
wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Wright] to that portion of the
bill embraced within the twentieth to the twenty-
eighth lines, to see if there is not a contradiction or
inconsistency of terms there.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That section has been
perfected, arid no amendment is in order.
Mr. HENN. I do not propose any amendment.
I merely wish to ask the member from Mississippi
if there is not a contradiction in terms from the
twentieth to the twenty-eighth line.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know whether
even that is in order or not.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is not in
order.
Mr. HENN. I have made the suggestion be-
cause I dislike to see a bill which has 110 sense in
it pass through this committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read that
portion of the bill which the gentleman from Iowa
has referred to.
The Clerk read as follows:
—" which said certificates or scrip may be located upon
any of the lands within said reservation not now occupied
by actual and bona fide settlers <if the half breeds or mixed
bloods, or such other persons as have pone into said Terri-
tory by authority of law, or upon any other unoccupied
lands subject to preemption or private sale, or upon any
other unsurveycd lands, not reserved by Government, upon
winch (hey have respectively made improvements."
Mr. HENN. I understand that the provision
was intended (or the benefit of those half-breed
Indians who have gone out of this reserve. In my
opinion, the last line which was read cuts them off
from locating upon their own improvements.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I suggest to
the gentleman from Iowa that, under the common
preemption law, the right attaches.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar which
came up for consideration was House bill (No.
119) to provide for the continuation of the mili-
tary road from Myrtle creek to Scottsburg, in
Oregon.
The bill was read in extenso, and no amendment
being offered thereto, it was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House.
The next bill upon the Calendar which came up
for consideration in order, was House bill (No.
339) to authorize the Secretary of War to settle
and adjust the expenses of the Rogue River In-
dian war.
The bill was read in extenso.
The Clerk then read the first section.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Mr. Chairman, the
duty devolves upon me, I imagine, to give an ex-
planation of the object of this bill, and of the cir-
cumstances which make its passage necessary. If
I knew that it would pass without anything being
said by me, I would say nothing; and it would
gratify me very much. But, for fear that it might
not be so, I avail myself of the opportunity to
make a brief statement.
In the Rouge river valley there are two great
tribes of Indians, the Umpquas and Shastas, all
known as the Rogue River Indians. These Indians,
for the last twelve months, have been preparing for
war. They were enabled to provide themselves
with the implements of war, and with everything
necessary to commence a deadly hostility, and to
make every arrangement necessary for carrying
out their purpose, by means of appearing friendly
to the whites, in hunting for them, and selling the
proceeds of the chase for guns, powder, balls, &c.
In that vicinity there are rich mines, and many
American citizens had rushed in therefor the pur-
pose of digging for gold. Many persons from the
States who had no intention of becoming citizens
of that Territory, and who did not become citi-
zens, went there in search of gold. It is the habit
of miners, and it is the habit of American citizens
who are in search of gold, to take with them a
rifle and other weapons which they regard as ne-
cessary for their personal safety and protection.
The Indians in that valley, who are a superior
race, remarkable for their intelligence, availed
themselves of the great number of miners, who
purchased of them the game that they could kill,
and which was very plenty in that portion of
Oregon, to realize a considerable sum of money,
which they took care to invest in rifles, pistols,
powder, lead, and percussion caps, and everything
else necessary to commence a war of extermina-
tion; in this way all they had received in twelve
months past had been invested At that time the
white people in the vicinity, among whom were
many families, believed they were as safe as the
people of the city of Washington now consider
themselves. The massacre commenced the first
day by a scattering band of Indians; and Ed-
wards, Wills, and Nolen, all of them American
citizens, were massacred. Only these three were
murdered the first day. This was, however, only
a beginning of the execution of a scheme which
had been matured for sweeping off every white
man, woman, and child in that country. This
tribe had formed an alliance with other tribes.
The Klamath Indians, numbering some five hun-
dred warriors, within seventy-five miles, and
Tiasoe Tyee's band, within twenty-five miles, had
agreed to join them in the massacre; and, as soon
as the war commenced, they were all to rush in,
and sweep from the face of the earth every man,
woman, and child. And, Mr. Chairman, their
designs would have been accomplished, but for
the prompt and efficient aid of Captain Alden,
who is now in this city, crippled for life, in con-
sequence of a wound he received in that war. I
say that but for his aid they would have been
swept from the country, every man, woman, and
child. The Indians were well armed; and it is a
fact, strange as it may seem, that the white people
were mostly without arms. They had no appre-
hensions from these Indians. They had lived
with them for many months in peace. They had
sold their,arms to the Indians, and believed them
to be perfectly harmless in their intentions.
When the massacre commenced Captain Alden
was one hundred miles off. The intelligence was
received, and he, with a company of ten men, hi'S
whole available force, immediately started in the
night, and rushed to the rescue. They succeeded
in checking the Indians for the time being. _ In
the mean time two companies of Californians,
under Captains Goodall and Rhodes, turned out
and joined Captain Alden. All the people, or
nearly all in Rogue river valley, capable of bear-
ing arms, were organized into companies, two
under Captains Miller and Laroerick for active
service, and one under Captain Fowler, for the pro-
tection of the town of Jacksonville. The two
companies under Captains Miller and Lamerick,
were organized into a battalion, and placed under
the command of Colonel Ross. I take occasion
here to say that too much praise cannot be given
to Captain Alden for his prompt organization of
these troops, or to the troops themselves for their
gallantry and good conduct.
Soon after the battle with the Indians, Captain
Nesmith, who had been ordered out by the Gov-
ernor, joined me with a large company of volun-
teers; also, Captain Smith, with a company of
United States dragoons; Captains Martin, Apple-
gate, and Terry, each with a small company,
promptly repaired to the theater of hostilities. To
all these officers, and the men under their com-
mand, I take pleasure in saying that great praise
is due for their gallant and soldier-iike bearing. I
also take pleasure in saying that I am indebted to
Major Alvord, of the United States Army, for
much valuable assistance in negotiating a treaty
with the Indians, as well asSuperintendentPalmer.
Mr. Culver, Indian agent, threw down the shovel,
the pick, and othermining implements, and rushed
to the rescue. By this timely movement the
progress of the massacre was checked, and but
for it every white inhabitant of that country must
have been stricken down. He divided his forces
at night, so as to prevent the Indians from coming
upon the settlements, and in that way managed
to hold them in check. Many skirmishes, how-
ever, ensued, and John R. Hardin, Dr. Rose, and
others, were killed. On the morning of the 16th
of August, I received notice at my residence,
which is one hundred miles north of that point,
that the Indians had commenced a general slaugh-
ter of the white people of that country. This in-
telligence was brought to me by Mr,.Ethngerand
Mr. Nichol, who had ridden the whole distance
in a day and night. In a few minutes after its ar-
rival, I was on the road to the Rogue River valley.
I mention these facts to show the committee my
knowledge of the transactions there. Itisneces-
sary that I should allude to them.
On the 15th day of August, Captain Armstrong,
a valued and respected citizen of Oregon, passed
my house on his way to California, through the
Rogue River valley. Then the rumor was indefinite
—that there was trouble in that quarter—but we
did not know to what extent. It had been my lot
to have been thrown into the company of Captain
Armstrong in 1851, during a war with the same
Indians. 1 found him a gallant and valuable gentle-
man. I mentioned that I was unwilling to see him
go in the direction in which he was going without
a rifle. He had none with him. "What," he repli-
ed, " was the matter?" I told him the rumor had
reached us that there was trouble of some kind
in the valley; that his life was too valuable to be
incautiously trusted there; and that he had better
take my rifle. He did so. In the course of that
night he met the express going for me, and waited
until I overtook him, when we traveled together.
We arrived in Rogue River valley 19th of August.
We found Captain Alden, with his usual gallantry
and efficiency, in command, and affording protec-
tion to our citizens. His force, in my judgment,
was sufficient to make a movement against the
enemy, which he had already contemplated. A
few days before, a portion of his command under
Lieutenant Ely had been sent to make a recon-
noissance. He fell into an ambuscade, and nearly
half his command were killed. The other half
would have shared the same fate but for the timely
arrival of a reenforcement. Although 1 came asi
a volunteer, Captain Alden insisted that I should
take the command of the troops. At his urgent
request I did so. Sunday afternoon order was
given to be ready to move on Monday morning at
four o'clock. At the appointed time every foot was
in the stirrup. Wednesday morning we overtook
the Indians, and brought them to battle. Captain
Alden was shot down. Captain Armstrong re-
ceived a shot at about the same moment, and just
had time to say that they had given him a dead
center shot. The conflict lead to a peace. Not-
withstanding the screams, yells,and war-whoops
of the Indians for four hours, and notwithstand-
ing we had failed to dislodge them, they agreed
to make peace. They asked for peace. They
wanted to know who commanded the troops. ^ I
heard them. 1 know their language well, having
had a good deal to do with them, and knew most
of them personally. They called out for me to
come in, as they wanted a talk. They were tired
of fighting, and desired peace. Well, I had been
a little hurt myself, and I said to them and to the
command that I would rather fight forty battles
than talk about one peace. But after a good deal
of time had been lost, and after a great deal of per-
suasion, I went among them. The preliminaries
of a peace were made on the battle-ground. Wo
camped on the battle-ground for two nights. The
( Indians were so well satisfied that there would be
i a peace that they assisted in removing our wounded
