1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of the in-
spectors of the customs for the district of Norfolk
and Portsmouth, Virginia, praying' an increase of
their compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition of the clerks
and others employed in the offices of the collector
of the customs and naval officer for the district of
Charleston, South Carolina, praying an increase
of their compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the following
petitions; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands:
Petition of citizens of Iowa, praying that a
grant of land be made to aid in the construction
of the Philadelphia, Fort Wayne, and Platte Val-
ley Air-Line Railroad.
Petition of citizens of Iowa, praying that a grant
of land be made to aid in the construction of the
Fort Madison, West Point, Keosauqua, and
Bloomfield Railroad.
Two petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying that a
grant of land be made to the States of Indiana,
Illinois, and Iowa, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Fort Wayne to Council Bluils. jj
Also, a petifon of citizens of Iowa, praying the !!
establishment of a mail route fiom Fort Des jj
Moines to Eldora, the county seat of Harding \ \
count) , in that State; which was referred to the :!
Committee on the Post Office and Popt Roads. ^
Also, a supplemental petition of James Pool, j,
praying remuneration for services rendered, under |
contract, to the Seneca nation of Indians; which j,
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. ;j
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Re- j
beccaP. Stansbury and others, children of Thomas 1 j
Peters, deceased, praying to be allowed an amount jj
of money equal to the pensions their father and 'j
mother would have been entitled to for the ser- j
vices of the former during the revolutionary wai;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu- ]i
tionary Claims. jj
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. I|
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was j.
Ordered, That the petition of James Edwards, admin i|
istiator of the mate of Edwaul M. Wanton, and the pen- ,
tion of the h i al lepipsentntives of the estate of Neheiuiall \ \
Brush,!)*} witiididvvn uom the files ot the Senate, and, to- ,
gethor with Jin additional document, leferred to the (Join- j,
imtteu un Militdij Allans. ji
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, It, was !
Ordei e(h That the petition of James Wormsley be with- !
drd\\ u from tne nies of the Senate, and iclWifd to the
Comi.nttee on Pen-ions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on .
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of !
Isaac S. Bowman, praying to be allowed half pay, ,
to whiefi Ins father was entitled, submitted are- ,
port; which was ordered to be printed. _ ;
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred three peti-
tions ot citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania,
and the proceedings of a meeting of soldiers of
the war of 1812, held in Philadelphia, in favor of
a modificanoii of the bounty land law, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
PuMic Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of paymasters'
clerks who served in Mexico, submitted an ad-
reise report thereon; which was ordered to be
pnnt^l. .
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Aiw'.rs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Harriet 0. Read, executrix of brevet Colonel
A C. W. Fanning, praying compensation for
extra services performed by him, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for her relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petitions of ^Michaei
Hennessey, Ann L Moor, and Jacob T. • Smith,
praying pensions, submitted adverse reports there-
on; which were ordered to be punted.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petition of Sarah Somers
Corson, and the petition of Thomas Conner, pray-
ing pensions, submitted adverse reports thereuii;
which were oulerod to be printed,
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com- j
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred a i
resolution of the Senate in relation to the subject,
reported a bill to constitute Dubuque, m^the State 1
of Iowa, a port of delivery; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. •
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the |
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Ira Day, praying compensation for
carrying certain mails, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John Devlin,
praying compensation for services pei formed m
the Fifth Auditor's Department, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a lull for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WiLLlAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported them
back without amendment:
Bill for the relief of Lyman N. Cooke.
Bill for the relief of Emelie Hooe, widow of
Captain Hooe.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. RUSK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to ptovide for the officers
of the late Texas Navy.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the en-
tering into an examination of certain accounts be-
tween the Slate of Maryland and the United
States.
PHILADELPHIA COURTS AND POST OFFICE.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the bill referred
February 8 to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to provide a place for the post
office in the city of Philadelphia, and for the
courts of the United States for the eastern district
j of Pennsylvania, be printed; which was agreed
! tO.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
i Mr. BROWN asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
i perpetuate preemption to actual settlers on the
■ public lands; which was read a first and second
j time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
! Public Lands.
i Mr. FiTZPATRICK, agreeably to previous
■ notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
I bill making a grant of land to the State of Ala-
, bama, m alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the line of Georgia, on the .|
l; Chattahoochie river, to the city of Mobile; which
/ was read a first, and second time by its title, and i
' referred to the Committee on Public Lands. i!
| Mr. FITZPATRICK, agreeably to previous j|
!; notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a i
joint resolution for extending an existing contract ,
!1 for carrying the mail m Alabama; which was read 1
! a first and second time by Us title, and leferred to _
ji the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, '
|; and ordered to be printed.
II Mr. CLAY, agreeably to previous notice, asked ,
ji and obtained leave to introduce a hill granting to
i | the State of Alabama public lands, in alternate sec-
!j tions, to aid in the construction of the Alabama
!| and Tennessee Railroad, from Selma on the Ala-
ij bama river, to the Tennessee river, at or near
i | Gunter's Landing, and also the Memphis and
I; Charleston Railroad from Memphis, on theMis-
sissippi river, to some point connecting with the
11 Nasnville, Chattanooga and Charleston Railroad;
'' which was read a first and second time by its title,
,j and refeied to the Committee on Public Lands.
\\ Mr. CLAY asked, and obtained, the unanimous
!' consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the
relief of Thomas Snodgrass; which was read a
|!j first and second time by its title, and referred, to-
gether with the petition and papers on the files of
the Senate, to the Committee on Claims.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, weie severally read a first and second
lime by their titles, and referred—the two first-
named to the Committee on Pensions, and the last
to the Committee on Claims:
" A bill for the relief of Harriet Leavenworth,
widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General Leav-
enworth:"
" A bill for the relief of William B. Edwards;"
and
" A bill for the relief of Anthony Gr. Willis,
deceased."
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. WELLER addressed the Senate for nearly
an hour in support of the bill. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it was my
intention to address the Senate to-day, but owing
to indisposition I do not feel that I should be able
to proceed as I had desired and contemplated, and
therefore I wilt move that this subject be laid over
until to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the Senator
to say that he is too unwell to go on now ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, in order that we may proceed to the
consideration of Executive business.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator from South
Carolina will not ask for an Executive session,
for we have a great many bills on the Calendar
which we can go on and dispose of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone untilto-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask if there is not
some other Senator prepared to go on ? It does not
follow, by any means, that because the Senator
from Texas is not able to proceed there are not
others ready to go on. I know of several Sen-
ators who, it is presumed, are to speak; and I
hope some of them may go on and makevtheir re-
marks now, though I do not wish to interfere at
all with the Senator from Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied, though owing
to a hoarseness under which I now labor, and of
which I can be relieved by to-morrow, I cannot
now proceed, that I shall be enabled to go on then
without any detriment to the bill or to the business
of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Some of my friends say it
would be an indulgence to them to allow the Senate
to sit in open session for half an hour, because
they have four or five land bills to dispose of. 1
suppose they can get through with them in that
time.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I rise to give notice to the Senate
that I shall, to-morrow, or at some early day
thereafter, ask leave to introduce the deficiency bill
winch the House of Representatives havedefeated.
Unless the Senate take up and pass such a bill, it
may be that the wheels of the Government will be
stopped. I give notice, therefore, of my intention
to introduce that bill.
GRANTS OF LANDS FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate now
proceed to consider bill No. 8, being a bill grant-
ing to the State of Louisiana the right of way, and
I making a grantof the public lands, forthe purpose
i oflocatmgand constructing a railroad from Shreve-
i port to the Mississippi river, in said State.
1 Mr. DAWSON. I hope we shall take up the
Calendar in its order, beginning at the beginning,
and going regularly on.
Mr. SLIDELL. It seems to me that there
should really be no opposition to these bills now.
Friday is set apart for the consideration of private
bills, and these bills cannot be touched on that
day. I think the Senator might be satisfied with
the fight which he has already made on this ques-
1 tion, and submit to the passage of the bills. It
| will only be an unnecessary consumption or time
> to continue the discussion of them,
i Mr DAWSON. J have no doubt that these
I bills will go through, but still I dislike to see pre-
I maturity in these matters .1 know they-,v 1 go
i through by the force of .their own weight, but I
; dislike to see them running over everything else
! Mr SLIDELL. I am not familiar with the
i rules of order, but I submit to the Chair that my
! mThe'Pr'eSHMNG OFFICER. It is in order,
and the question is upon it.
Mr WALKER. I wish to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
whether this course is in accordance with the un-
derstanding :
