1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
i1
perform very onerous duties. We are now going
into these matters because each gentleman sup-
poses he understands-what his district judge has
to do. Well, sir, under the system that may be
adopted these duties may be very much modified.
And here I may say that as far as regards the old
States—the Atlantic States—we are not interested
materially in a change of the present judiciary
system; but a modification of it is obviously re-
quired in order to meet the wants of the western
and northwestern States, and California. It is in
regard to them that I think the system should be
modified; but do not modify it by this patchwork
of bringing up a proposition to change our system
of salaries in this bill, when, perhaps, you cannot
fix them properly hereafter if this be now done.
If gentlemen choose to vote blindfold, let them
swallow it on faith. I wish to act with intelli-
gence and understanding.
' Mr. STUART. I wish to put a practical ap-
plication of the Senator's doctrine which in itself
is sound. The district judge of my State is
obliged to live in Detroit, where his ordinary ex-
penses for house rent, and diet for himself and
family will equal his salary—$1,500. He can-
not even clothe himself properly, he cannot edu-
cate a child that he has out of his salary. In the
mean time, is he to go badly clad, his children
without education, and upon the very brink of
starvation, to wait for a general reorganization of
the judiciary system ? Sir, it never will be. He
must have something, and I am for taking this.
Mr. PITZPATR1CK. I voted some time since
against the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Wei.ler,] to increase the compensa-
tion of the marshals in his State, on the ground
that it was improperly attempted to be placed on
this bill. I am satisfied that the proposed increase
of compensation allowed in this amendment to
the district judge of Alabama, is not so much as
it should be; but whether it is so or not, I am
utterly opposed now, on this bill, to adding such
a proposition. I am not able to say whether the
increased compensation allowed to the several
judges throughout the United States is adequate.
1 know nothing of the amount which should be
allowed to them; and yet, at the heel of the ses-
sion, when the question has not been discussed,
when but few can speak for anything beyond the
limits of their own State, it is proposed to reor-
ganize the wliole judicial system of the United
States, so far as the district judges are concerned,
and at an enormous expense. I cannot consent
to any such thing. I will not detain the Senate,
but I will content myself with voting against the
amendment.
Mr. JONRS, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
have made up my mind to vote against this bill.
Other gentlemen are giving their reasons why they
will vote for and against amendments; I will give
you my reason. 1 have made up my mind to
vote against the whole bill on its final passage,
because I believe it would kill any man in the
world who would vote for it, and kill any party
who would attempt to sustain it. With that
honest conviction, I shall vote against it, because
I cannot approve it; but as a majority here have a
right to legislate upon this subject, 1 am goins to
vote with the majority for everything they offer;
and, therefore, unless it conflicts with my consti-
tutional duties, I will vote for this amendment.
We have a judge in our State, as you know, sir,
[Mr. Bell, m the chair,] who performs more ser-
vice than any man I ever knew for less money;
and I am willing to vote him an increase of salary.
If the majority wish to put this amendment on
the bill, I am willing to vote for it, but I do so
with the express declaration that, on the final
passage of the bill, I shall vote against the whole
of it.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment nowoffered,
Mr. President,.proposes to adjust the salaries of'
all the district judges of the United States, by way
of increase. That it is desirable in itself, I do not
doubt. It ought to be done; but I confess that I
am somewhat opposed to doing it in this shape;
but it seems to me that we can do it in no other
mode than by attaching it to an appropriation bill.
I have looked over the classification of salaries
proposed in the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana. It does not exactly agree with all my
opinions, but it comes pretty near to them; and I
dare say I may have erred in some of the items
whtth I endeavored to introduce into the bill that
I drew up as a substitute for that which received
the sanction of a majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary. I find this amendment so nearly re-
sembling my own views, that I can see no objec-
tion on that score to voting for it.
Next, sir, comes the objection of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina. If it existed in
point of fact, it would be sufficient to induce me to
vote against the amendment. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina seems to think that
it will interfere with the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in reference to the reor-
ganization of the judiciary system of the United
States. If I supposed that, I should unhesitat-
ingly vote against the amendment; but I do not
think so. That bill, according to my recollec-
tion, has no relation to the district judges at all.
It organizes circuits; it provides for the circuit
judges, and gives to them the performance of du-
ties now performed by the Supreme Court judges;
but it leaves the districts mainly as they were be-
fore, and the labors of the district judges what
they were before. That their salaries are inade-
quate, I am satisfied. Then, sir, no one salary
in this amendment, with the exception of the
juds;e of the northern district of California, ex-
ceeds $3,750. I think the amount proposed for
New York is too little, and so for Boston and
Philadelphia, and perhaps one or two other places.
None of the salaries come up to the amendment
which the committee agreed to recommend as the
salary of the circuit judges. On the whole, I
think the amendment not so objectionable as to
compel me to vote against it; and I see no other
mode of accomplishing this desirable object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As a great deal has been
said about changing the system of the judiciary,
and the enormous increase of salaries by this
amendment, I wish to state that the whole amount
of this amendment distributes less than §10,000
to increase the salaries of the districtjudges of the
United States. That is the whole amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, I!rod-
head, Brown, Foot, Gwin, Jnmos, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Pettit, Sebastian, Shields, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, and Weller—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Butler, Chase,
Oonper, Dawson, Dodge ol Iowa, Evans, Pe^enden, Fish,
Fnzpntrick, Gilli'ltP, Hon.-ton, Hunter, Mason, Norris,
i Kockwell, llusk, Slidell, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
| Toombs, and Waile—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 wish to offer another amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will allow me
to renew the amendment which I withdrew, in
order to enable him to offer his
Mr. PETTIT. After a while. I have been
waiting very patiently for five or six days, and I
will give the Senator a full opportunity when I
am through, and vote with him besides. I think
it is the worst policy, and the greatest curse that
ever befell a people, to starve their officers. I
want the judges paid, so that they shall not be
under the necessity of taking bribes, or stealing.
Mr. CIIASE. Are they doing it?
Mr. PETTIT. I am a little afraid they will be
reduced to it. [Laughter.] I have an amendment
to offer in pursuance of an estimate made under
the law by the present Commissioner of Public
Buildings. It is to appropriate $8,000 for the im-
provement of Indiana avenue in this city, not for
the State of Indiana; but I take it, the amendment
comes very properly from an Indiana Senator, If
there is any doubt about the estimate, I will turn
to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Committee on
Public Buildings had this question before them.
The chairman can state.
Mr. BAYARD. The subject was before the
committee, and the committee decided not to re-
commend the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Indiana offer
this amendment by direction of a committee>
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir; but as an estimate
from the proper Department under the law. My
amendment is :
For gravelling Indiana avenue, from New Jersey ave-
nue to Third strept west, sottine the curb-stone on each
side thereof thirty feet from the building line, paving with
brick a width of six feet next the curb-stone, paving the
gutters, planting trees, and extending the brick arch the Alii
width of the street, $8,000.
So far as the question of estimate is concerned,
I understand that anything estimated for by the
appropriate department is properly offerable as
an amendment. Now, the law provides u thatall
estimates ol the public buildings and grounds shall
hereafter be submitted by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to be examined and ap-
proved by them before they are reported to the
House." And it further provides, that the com-
missioner shall "annually, at the commencement
of the year, report the manner in which the appro-
priations for the public buildings and grounds have
been applied." That is the law requiring him to
submit his estimates. 1 have his regular estimates
here, and among them I find one in the very
words of the amendment which I have offered, as
follows:
For sravollins Indiana avenue, from New Jersey ave-
nue to Third street west, setting the curb-stone on each
side thereof thirty feet from the building line, paving with
brick a width of six feet next the curb stone, paving the
gutters, plaining trees, and- extending the brick arch tne
full width of the street, $8,000.
Mr. ATCHISON. I rise to a point of order.
This estimate does not come from the head of a
Department, as 1 understand.
Mr. PETTIT. It comes from where the law
requires.
Mr. ATCHISON. But the rule of the Senate
requires it to come from the head of a Department,
or to be reported by a committee. This comes
from neither.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not know what particular
consequence a head of a Department may have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell.)
The Chair understands the rule to require an esti-
mate from the head of a Department.
Mr. PETTIT. Very well; but here the law
requires that this officer, the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings shall make the estimates; and 1 take
it that that office is a department m itself, and that
Mr. French is the head of that department, and is
as valuable a one as any other. Let me remind the
Senate that this avenue has recently become more
occupied than Pennsylvania avenue itself.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 call the Senator to order.
I wish to know whether the point has been set-
tled—whether the amendment is in order or not ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the rules
are observed, the Chair must say that this amend-
ment is out of order.
M\. PETTIT. I will not take an appeal; but
I havi another amendment which is in order.
For ]kpi<flnii?n<r thfi improvement of the harbor of
MichiglffCily, Indiana, $19,000.
This recommendation comes from the head of
a Department. 1 take it from the report of the
Secretary of War, where there is an estimate in
so many words: "For continuing the impiove-
mentof the harbor of Michigan City, Indiana,
$19,000." I ask that it shall be inserted here. It
is the only harbor in Indiana.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the date of the es-
timate?
Mr. PETTIT. This year. Here I find it in
the report of the Secretary of War, for the first
session of the Thirty-Third Congress. This is
the only port in Indiana; and the Secretary of the
Treasury has prepared a bill creating it a port of
entry, instead of a port of delivery, as heretofore.
That bill is in the House of Representatives in the
charge of the Committee on Commerce; and it
will undoubtedly become a law, I think. Unless
this money shall be appropriated, the works al-
ready commenced there will go to decay and ruin.
Mr. DAWSON. Was there any appropriation
for it at the last Congress?
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir; $20,000 wgve appro-
priated.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I now renew the amendment
which I offered a short time ago, but withdrew.
It is to add the following additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the district
judges for the Slate of California, while in the discharge
of the duties imposed by the act of the 3d of March, 1851 
entitled An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims for the State of California," be allowed, at the rate
of $2,000 per annum each, in addition to their salaries as
district judges for the State of California, which shall be in
full for their services,
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 13.
Mr, BRODHEAD. I have a small amendment
