408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Mr. DODGE, of Jowa. This bill is reported
in the usual form,and with the unanimous con-
sent of the committee.
Mr. WALKER. I am not inquiring as to the
form of the bill, but as to the order in which it
shall be taken up. If I understand, one bill has
already been passed for Louisiana.
'Mr. SLIDELL. This is in exact accordance
with the understanding the other day, this is the
next railroad bill on the Calendar.
Mr. WALKER. There is a bill granting lands
to Wisconsin for a railroad, which is ahead of
this on the Calendar. Besides this is a second
one for the same State.
Mr. Slidell's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill, which had been reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, with an amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute.
'The Secretary was proceeding to read the sub-
\
I Mr. WALKER The form of these bills is
4o well known that I presume it cannot be neces-
sary to read this. There are a dozen more of the
/same sort upon the tables of Senators.
\ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the reading of the amendment will be
dispensed with.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until Monday next.
The bill introduced by the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] in relation to the disposi-
tion of the public lands for the benefit of the indi-
gent insane, was postponed until that day. The
two questions run into each other. I am myself,
on principle, opposed to the whole of these bills,
and I desire to be heard on them when they
come up; but if you take them up one at a time,
in this mode, immediately after some other sub-
ject has attracted the attention of the Senate, it is
impossible to give them the consideration which
I think they ought to have. There are many ob-
jections to them in detail, which I think ought to
be made, independent of the objection in princi-
ple; and if this course be persisted in—if these
bills be taken up in this way—all that I can do is
to require that each bill be read through. I move,
however, to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until Monday next.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Delaware spoke so low that it was impossible for
me, in the confusion around me at that moment,
to understand him. I see no reason for postpon-
ing this bill to-day, upon any public consideration;
but if the honorable Senator desires to address
himself to the subject of the bill, on Monday
next, which I did not hear, I shall of course, with
great pleasure, yield to his request.
Mr. BAYARD. I will endeavor to speak loud
enough for the honorable Senator from New York
to hear me ; and I will explain to him the reason
why I move the postponement. I am opposed to
the principles embodied in all these bills. They
are brought in separately for different States. The
bill introduced by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont embodies a different principle as to the dis-
position of the public lands. I am opposed to that
also, but I am not able to distinguish between the
principle that dissevers his bill from these bills
which are daily passed. I wish to be heard on
the question.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone this bill
to the day to which the bill of the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont has been postponed. If weget
through with the other question which is en-
grossingthe attention of the Senate when these
bills come up, I desire to be heard upon them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
from Delaware withdraw his motion for one min-
ute? I will renew it, if he desires it. It will be
remembered by the Senate, that some weeks ago
I gave notice that 1 would, at some proper time,
ask leave to introduce a bill to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the States. It has
been my purpose, from that timeuntilthepresent,
to fulfill that promise. I have postponed it, how-
ever, on account of the more engrossing subjects
before the Senate. On consultation with a num-
ber of gentlemen, I find that they are anxiousthat
the question should be tested upon some one of
these bills.^ It is not my wish to embarrass any
bill which is before the Senate. I have invariably
voted for every proposition that has been before
the Senate to give lands for purposes of internal
improvement, and I shall continue so to vote unless
some better system can be adopted. I think the
system can be benefited materially. As the Sen-
ator from Delaware proposes to make this question
the special or^er of the day for next Monday, I
think it would be a saving of time if we could
bring the whole question up. It is in that view,
with the permission of the Senator from Delaware,
that I propose to offer my intended bill as an
amendment to the bill which is under considera-
tion, in order that the whole question may come
up and be decided at once. We had better decide
the matter at once, or it will give rise to another
debate upon the same branch ot the same question
on another bill. I submit, theiefore, to Senators,
whether it would not be best to propose my amend-
ment to this bill, in order that the whole question
may come up.
Mr. DODGE,of Iowa. Mr. President, I appeal
to my friend from Tennessee, as a fair legislator,
not to bring forward that proposition now. I am
perfectly willing that he should do so at any other
time when he sees fit, and we will give him a
hearing, and fix a day for its consideration; but 1
am sure that he wishes to deal fairly among ihe
sister States of this Union. As a Senator, I am
certain that he does not wish to pass a bill for one
or two States, and withhold from others for days
and weeks a like bill, because of an amendment
which he may move involving other and outside
questions than those which are involved in the
bills under consideration, and upon which therein
no question. Now, I will make a proposition in
reference to this matter. It is the proposition of
the committee. 1 hold that the State which I in
part represent, for instance, will be most unkindly
treated by the Congress of the United States, and
the parent Government, if they withhold from it a
grant similar to that which has been made to its
sister State upon the east, and adjoining to it,
and to its sister State upon the south, and adjoin-
ing to it. The Committee on Public Lands at this
session, taking the Illinois bill for their guide—a
State from which there has been no request since—
have sought in their action to report bills making
grants within that amount, upon the presumption
that the Senate of the United States, and the other
brunch of Congress, would act upon principles of
equality and justice in this matter.
I appreciate the motives which actuate my friend
from Tennessee in the movement which he has
made. I have conversed with him in relation to
it. It is, however, a separate and independent
proposition, not connected with these bills, and I
am certain that, as a legislator, he desires no bar-
gain to be made in reference to any measure which
is to be passed here, but he is desirous to let all
bills pass or be rejected on their own merits or in-
herent strength. That I believe to be the case;
and I say that amendments moved to these bills
to make additional grants look very much like a
bargain; and I hope everything of that sort will
be avoided.
Those who are opposed to these grants, and to
this mode of disposing of public lands, can vote
against the bills. Those who have other proposi-
tions can bring them forward and have a vote of
the body upon them. All that I ask now is that
fair play shall be done to all. I represent one of
the States which has felt aggrieved in i elation to
this matter; and I, as a representative, have felt
dishonored as a member of this body because of
the manner in which my State has been treated.
My colleague and myself have sought to do all
that we could do in our representative capacity to
prevent any such thing. When our bill was up
two years ago, Judge Underwood offered an
amendment which provoked a debate of four or
five months; but we kept the matter before the
body, because of the indefatigable zeal and energy
of my colleague, who pressed our bill upon the
Senate day after day; and the bill finally passed
the Senate, but did not obtain a hearing in the
House.
I trust that, as we have not embodied thesebills
together, desirous that they should pass or be re-
jected, each on its own merits, the Senate will pro-
ceed to do justice to the public land States, acting
separately on their bills. 1 hope my friend from
Tennessee will not press his amendment. I prom-
ise, however, when he biings that forward as a
separate measure, to give him a hearing—a fair and
a full hearing.
Mr. GW1N., Mr. President, I wish to add a
single remark to what the Senator from Iowa has
said with regard to this question. It must be ap-
parent to the Senate that if the representatives of
those States who have been asking for grants of
lands for railroads, fail to get their bills through at
an early period in the session, and other Senators
have bills passed for the benefit of their States, it
will affect them injuriously at home. There is an-
other important question connected with this mat-
ter, so far as my own State is concerned. A bill
has been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, granting alternate sections for railroad pur-
poses on four short routes in that State. The Le-
gislature is now in session. If there is not some
indication of congressional action which can be
transmitted by the next mail, the benefits of the
act may pass over for a whole year, for the want
of that State legislation which is indispensably ne-
cessary to give any efficiency to the grant that
may be made. 1 hope, therefore, that, as some of
these bills have already been passed, the Senator
from Tennessee will allow the remainder to go
through without any discussion or obstruction
from those who entertain opinions adverse to such
grants, and give us an opportunity of being placed
on the same footing with those States for whose
benefit bills have already been passed by the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I trust I shall
be unwilling, under any circumstances, to do in-
justice to any State in this Union; but though it
may be true that the Congress of the United States
have passed certain bills at anterior sessions for
the purpose of granting lands for railroads to in-
dividual States, it does not follow that, if I think
those bills are wrong in principle, I am commit-
ting injustice to other States because I do not rec-
ognize a wrong principle when a subsequent bill
is introduced. The question of the disposition of
the public lands is certainly a vexed question.
There is not a settled policy in regard to it. These
bills have been resisted at all times. My hope is
that some adjustment can be made that will pre-
vent any difficulty in reference to the question.
My own opinions tend towards an amendment
which was offered some two sessions ago by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter;]
but, as these bills now stand, they seem to me to
involve a principle of gross injustice to the other
States of the Union. I admit that, according to
my views, Congress have no constitutional power
to dispose of the public lands among the States at
large. Nor am 1 able to distinguish between the
right to give them to the land States any more
than to give them to the States at large, if they be
a gift. As to the doctrine connected that the Uni-
ted States being great landholders, I wish to show,
and 1 think I can show, that the principle con-
nected with that has been departed from in the
bills which are now framed upon the model bill of
the Senate; and I wish to be heard upon that
question. If, after that, the Senate choose to pass
such bills, they will meet with no further opposi-
tion from me than a silent vote. I shall not struggle
beyond the point of bringing the question before
the Senate, with the hope that we may be able to
adopt some plan which, while it satisfies the de-
mands of the representatives from thelandholding
States, will also satisfy the public sentiment of the
whole Union in the non-landholding States as
well as in the landholding States. Being opposed
in principle to each and every one of these bills, I
cannot see how it is just, because previous iso-
lated bills have passed granting lands to other
States on principles which I do not recognize, to
require at my hands that I shall assent to the pas-
sage of this bill without opposition, when 1 have
never had an opportunity of being heard in regard
to it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust the motion to postpone
the further consideration of this bill until Monday
will not be adopted by the Senate. The honora-
ble Senator from Delaware has had abundant op-
portunity to examine, not only the principles, but
the details of this bill. It has been reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, and has been on
our tables now, I think, for more than a month
past. It has been the subject of discussion during
three different sessions at least. The whole prin-
ciple of the bill was fully discussed upon the ques-
tion of the passage of one of a similar character
some five or six days since. I am sure the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, who has now been
