1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a motion pending
to strike oat the second section.
The question was then taken; and the proviso
was agreed to.
The question then recurring on striking out the
second section, it was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the bill was then
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it pass.
Mr. GOODRICH. I now renew my motion
that the committee rise.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman then re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the special
order relating to the business in the organized
Territories, and had directed him to report sundry
bills to the House, some with and some without
amendments; had also directed him to report bill
No. 317, " being a bill to establish the office of
surveyor general of Utah, to grant donations to
actual settlers therein, and for other purposes," to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass; but upon bill No. 332, " being a bill to enable
the people of Oregon Territory to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union," they had come to
no conclusion.
Mr. HUNT. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; andtherewere—
yeas 59, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bail, Benson, Brooks, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chandler, Corwin, Cox, Crocker. Cullom,
Culling, Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Edmands,
Thomitx D Elmt, Flagler, Franklin, Guldirigs, Goodrich,
Samp-son W. Harris Harrison, Haven, Howe, Hushes,
Hunt, Darnel T. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox,
Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, Matteson, Meacbam, Middles-
warlh, Muriay, Norton, Paiker,Pennington, Ready,Reese,
David Ritchie, Sapp, Seward, Simmons, Gerrit Smith,
Snodgrass, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Upham,
Vail, Wade, Walley, Walsh, Israel Washburn, and Tap-
pan Wentworth—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barksdale, Boyce, Breckin-
ridze, Caskie, Claik, Cobb, John G. Davis, Disney, Drum,
Eddy, Edgerton, Ellison, English, Florence, Gamble,
Green, Greenwood, Ilenn, Ilibhard, Hou-ton, Johnson,
George W. Jones, Lindsley, McDongaU, McNair, Macy,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Milton, Noble, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Richaidson,
Rulfin, Seymour, Shaw, George W. Smyth, Hester L.
Stevens, Stratfon, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Trout, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, John Wentworth,
Daniel B. Wright, and ZollicofFer—54.
No quorum voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order.
Does not the motion to adjourn over take prece-
dence?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for less
than a majority of a quorum to adjourn over.
Mr. SEWARD. So I understand; but the
motion to adjourn over is not disposed of, and I
ask if it does not take precedence of any other
motion?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn takes
precedence.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
that the motion to adjourn takes precedence of
any other motion; and, of course, it takes prece-
dence of a motion for a call of the House.
The question was then taken on Mr. Richard-
son's motion; and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to havean opportunity
of saying a word, and 1 hope the motion to ad-
journ will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent alone
can the gentleman from New York make an ex-
planation.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say I have
been informed that a good many gentlemen to-day
have voted to adjourn over, who have usually
voted against adjourning over. It seems useless
to remain in session to-morrow, when gentlemen
will notcomeuphere in sufficient numbers to make
a quorum; and 1 do not think it is necessary to
fatigue the House by taking the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I suggest that we get a
full House, and see if we cannot adjourn over.
Many members have business to transact at the
Departments, which will occupy their whole time
to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They have all the
morning of every day until twelve o'clock to do
their business.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the motion that the House adjourn, upon which
the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that! there be a call
of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Business having inter-
vened, the motion to adjourn over is in order.
The SPEAKER. But the motion to adjourn
takes precedence of any other motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman 
The SPEAKER. There is a pending question
that the House do now adjourn, and that is not
debatable.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to offer a privi-
leged motion.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion that can
supersede the motion made to adjourn.
Mr. LILLY. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] has asked for the yeas and nays.
The question was put; and the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The Clerk commenced calling the roll 
Mr. LETCHER. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the motion to adjourn over does not
take precedence of the motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no
such decision. The Chair decides that less than
a majority cannot adjourn over, if any question is
raised with respect to a quorum being present.
Mr. LETCHER. J imagine that there is a
quorum present, and I will submit a motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then ascer-
tain, under the rule, whether there is a quorum
present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Chair
if the gentleman from Virginia was not too late in
attempting to make his motion—there having been
two names called ?
The SPEAKER. No; there have been no re-
sponses.
Mr. JONES. But the first and second names
on the roll were called.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced that there were but 113 members present
—not a quorum.
The yeas and nays were then called on the mo-
tion to adjourn; and there weie—yeas 46, nays
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Barksdale, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis Drum, Eddy, Edgerton, Elli-
son, Everhart, Florence, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Ham-
ilton, Sampson W. Harris, Ilenn, Houston, Hughes, John-
son, George W.Jon^s Lmdsley, McNair, Macy, May,Smith
Miller, Million, Noble, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt,
Richaidson, Seymour, Shaw, George W. Smyth, Stratton,
Andrew Stuart, John J- Taylor,Thurston, and Walker—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Bugc, Campbell, Car-
penter, Car-kie, Chandler, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Edmands, Thomas D.
Eliot, Flagler,Franklin,Giddingc, Goodrich, Haven, Howe,
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox,
Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch,Matteson, Middieswarth, Mur-
ray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins, Preston, Puryear, t>avid Ritchie, Rufiin, Sapp,
Seward, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Snodgrass, John L. Tay-
lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Upham, Vail, Wade,
Walley, Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Tappan Wentworth, and Zolhcoffer—59.
No quorum voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move a call of
the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is it in order, Mr.
Speaker, to move an adjournment now?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. No mo-
tion is in order when the House is in the act of
dividing. But, at all events, it is not in order to
make a motion to adjourn immediately on the
House having refused to agree to the like motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I ask for tel-
lers on the motion for a call of the House.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Now that business
has been transacted since the vote last taken, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion to"
adjourn was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at a quarter past four
o'clock, p. m., adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 6, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Prayer by Rev. IIenry Slicer.
The J ou rnal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is on agreeing to the amendments proposed by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to the bill for increasing the salaries of the
executive and judicial officers of the Territories of
Oregon and New Mexico.
RESOLUTIONS FROM THE STATE OF MAINE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
I have received two resolutions, adopted by the
Legislature of the State of Maine; which 1 now
ask leave to present, that they may be read, laid
upon the table, and printed.
The first resolution requests the Representatives
to procure the passage of a law to satisfy the
claims of citizens of the United States for lands
taken under the treaty of Washington.
The second resolution requests the Representa-
tives to procure the passage of the bill providing
for the payment of the claims for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to 1800.
The resolutions were ordered to he on the table,
and be printed.
RAILROAD IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. lam directed
by the Committee on Public Lands, of which I
am a member, to report to this House a bill to
aid the Territory of Minnesota in the construc-
tion of a railroad; which bill I propose to have
put upon its passage.
The bill provides for the construction of a road
from the southern line of that Territory, begin-
ning between ranges nine and seventeen, running
thence by way of St. Paul, by the most feasible
route, to the eastern line of said Territory, in the
diiection of Lake Superior, towards the southeast
boundary of said Territory.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to raise a ques-
tion of order, that it may be now decided before we
proceed any further. I want to know whether
this day is to be consumed in the consideration of
bills of this kind. My point of order is, that the
committee at this time cannot make a report with-
out the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton,] I will say, in relation to the point of
order which he has raised, that I presume no com-
mittee would have a right to report, unless the
report should relate to territorial business. The
question of order, which I think properly arises,
is, whether a bill which proposes to grant alter-
nate sections of land for tne purpose of aiding in
the construction of a railroad, though the road
may be in a Territory, is such territorial business
as would come within the order setting apart this
week for the consideration of territorial business?
It seems to me that such a bill is one of a general
C Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
, quire of the Chair, if such a bill was not reported
[ when territorial business was under considera-
tion , at a former day ?
The SPEAKER. Such a bill was reported
some time since.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was that bill
i reported from the Committee on Territories?
The SPEAKER. It was reported from that
committee. But the point of order which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee makes is, that under the
order of the House, making territorial business
the special order for this week, this report cannot
be considered as com ng within that class of busi-
ness. The Chair does not see upon what princi-
ple it can be excluded.
