1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon the prin-
ciple that making grants of alternate sections of
public lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
is general legislation.
Mr. HAMILTON. I insist, Mr. Speaker,
upon my point of order. We have appropriated
this week to the consideration of territorial busi-
ness which shall be reported from the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no doubt of that.
Mr. HAMILTON. We have appropriated
this week for the pufpose of acting upon bills
already reported from that committee.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, the Chair would say
that the language of the resolution sets apart
this week for the consideration of business rela-
ting to the organized Territories,"and under it the
Chair has ruled that it is in order, at any time
during the morning hour, at all events, to report
that description of business during this week.
The Chair has acted upon that principle.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the Chair
whether, at a former time, when the territorial
business was under consideration, a report was
not received from this same Committee on Public
Lands ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects that
such a report was received.
Mr. HAMILTON. But there was no objec-
tion to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order raised by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hamilton.]
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I do not know what
will be the opinion of the House in reference to it;
but I would like to have the decision of the House
upon the subject. I do not think the decision is a
very violent one, one way or the other. We have,
iiowever, set aside a week for the consideration of
territorial business, some time ago, and that whole
week was taken up with a railroad bill. Wethen
set aside another week, as I understood it, with
the understanding that it should be devoted to the
legitimate business of the Territories. At least I
desire to have the sense of the House upon the
subject.
The SPEAKER. The resolution setting aside
this business as a special order will be lead.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if this bill does not appropriate lands to construct
the same roads as the one we had before us some
time since!
Mr. STEPHENS, of Michigan. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. Is it not for the same line of
roads?
Mr. STEPHENS. Not precisely. It is con-
fined exclusively to the Territory. The other
went out into a State.
Mr. CLINOrMAN. I do not know that this
appeal is debatable. ! suppose it is not. I will
therefore, being satisiied that the decision of the
Chair is right, move to lay the appeal upon the
table. If it were debatable, 1 might have a word
or two to say upon the subject.
Mr. ORR. 1 suppose the appeal is debata-
ble.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 have no objection to the ap-
peal being debated. I desire, however, to ask for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. CLFNGMAN. twilltwk theChair whether
the appeal will fee debatable if I withdraw the
motion to lay it upon the table >
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be debatable.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Then I will withdraw the
motion for the purpose of making a single sugges-
tion myself, and for the purpose of allowing other
gentlemen to express their opinions if they wish
to do so. This week was set apart for the con-
sideration of business in the organized Territories.
Measures for the construction of roads in the
Territories, whether military roads or railroads,
are, it seems to me, as legitimately business of the
organized Territories, as any other class of money
or land appropriations that can be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gentle-
man to allow him to have the special order read.
It was read, as follows:
"On motion by Mr. Richardson, by unanimous con-
sent,
"Ordered, Tii at the week beginning with the firat Mon-
day in May next, be aet apart for the consideration of busi -
ness relating to the organized Territories."
The SPEAKER. In this connection the Chair
begs leave simply to remark that he cannot see
any distinction between the bill proposed by the
gentleman from Michigan and any other territo-
rial measure. The Chair decides that it is clearly 1
territorial business within the meaning of the order !
of the House; that it is clearly in order for com- !
mittees to report territorial bills during.the morn- j
ing hour; and this is the morning hour. He has j
no objection to the appeal being discussed and de- i
cided by the House; but he will venture to express <
the hope that the House will not make any de- i
cisive question in reference to the bill itself, upon !
a proposition to overrule the decision of the Chair, j
Mr. CLING-MAN. I withdraw the motion to j
lay the appeal upon the table. ;
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no disposition !
to renew the motion to lay the appeal upon the \
table; nor do 1 want to discuss it. Some gentle- i
men around me, however, seem to think that I !
stated, when I made the motion to set apart this j
week for the consideration of business relating to |
the organizedTerritories, that it was to be confined 1
to the business already reported. Such is not the I
fact—gentlemen are mistaken. I made no such j
statement. I did state distinctly that I proposed i
to set apart thin week for the consideration of i
business relating to the organized Territories.
During the entire week the Committee on
Territories has been reporting its business. It
had not matured it until the last week. I believe
that the Committee on Indian Affairs reported a
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on the
Public Lands, and every other committee which
had any territorial businessbefore it, have reported
that business during this week. And it cannot be
that gentlemen understood me to say that the week
was to be devoted alone to territorial business
other than that in reference to railroads. If they
did, they misunderstood what I said, what I
meant, and what the resolution expressed.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen who have served
here a single session, those who have served long-
er, will especially recollect that it lias been the
uniform practice to receive repoits on territorial
business during the week set apart for the consid-
eration of that business. I have not been here a
session during which certain days have not been
set. apart for territorial business, and the practice
we are now following has not been pursued by
the House.
Mr. 1IAVEN. I do not know that I exactly
understand the terms of the resolution by which
this time was set apart for the consideration of
territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will again be
read.
Mr. HAVEN. After a while. I have acted,
however, in what I have undertaken to do on
what I knew, what I believed, at least, to have
been the fair spirit and understanding of the
House, when this week was set apart for the con-
sideration of this particular business. The House
will well remember that we devoted a week, which
had been set aside for the consideration of terri-
torial business, to action in reference to a railroad,
which, I suppose—though not officially informed
of the fact, because the bill has not yet been re-
ceived—is substantially the object of this bill. I
think that I am not mistaken in supposing that
the House was desirous of avoiding all further
action in reference to that railroad. If the ques-
tion had been then put to the House, 1 am ot the
belief that it would have refused to set apart any
portion of time for the consideration of that road.
Believing that to have been the fair understand-
ing and spirit ofthe House—I do not know whether
it is embodied in the resolution or not—I did
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I took
occasion to say, when I made the appeal, that, in
the wording of the resolution, it may have been
what may be denominated a frontier question;
but I am quite sure that it is not within the fair
meaning and spirit of the order on the part of the
House, setting aside this week for the considera-
tion ofthe territorial business.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from New York whether he is not
slightly mistaken in his statement of the time set
the
apart before for the consideration of territorial
business ? Three days were set apart then for the
consideration of territorial business, and less than
two days were occupied in the consideration of
this railroad bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I may be wrong in reference
to the amount of time; but time, it is known, is
immaterial in most cases. What I do mean to
say is, that the great bulk of the time set apart
for the consideration of legitimate and proper ter-
ritorial business, was consumed in the endeavor
to grant away the public land to corporations.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move that
the House do now resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. 1 claim that I
am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has the floor;
and it cannot be taken from him, unless by a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. LETCHER. An appeal has been taken
from the decision of the Chair and, I believe that
it is debatable.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to submit the mo-
tion that the appeal do lie on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Do you mean to lay
bill or the appeal on the table? [Laughter.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the ap
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan was on the floor, and in the act of introducing
a bill. It was denied that he had the right, under
the special order, to do so. The Chair decided
that he had the right; and from that decision the
gentleman from New York has taken an appeal.
The question of order alone, the Chair thinks,
can take the floor from the gentleman from Mich-
igan*
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask for the yeas and naya
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of the
title of the bill, that we may see its application to
territorial business.
The Clerk read the title ofthe bill as follows:
A bill to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the
construction of a railroad therein.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas GO, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Beneon, Campbell, Car
penter, ChandlPr, Convin, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Dick-
inson, Drum, Thomas 1). Eliot, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin,
Goode, Hamilton, Harrison, Haven, Howe, Hunt, Daniel
T. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox, Letcher, Lilly, Lyon, Matte-
son, Middleswarth. Murray, Noiton, Parker,' Peckham,
Preston, Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Ruffin, Sapj ,
Seward, Shaw, Simmons Snod rass, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephen^, John J. Tavior, Nathaniel G. Tay-
loi, Tracy, Tweed, Vail, Wade, Walley, Walsh, Israel
W.ibhburne,Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Hendrick B.
VVriuht, and Zolheotfer--60.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
David J. Bailey, Banks, Harksdale, Boyce, Brccldnridge,
Caskie, Chnsman, ChureMvell, Clark, Chnginan, Cobb,
Cox, Cutting, JOhn G. Davis,Thomas Davis, D;?ney, Dun-
bar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerion, Edmund", John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Ethendge, Eveihart, Florenep, Gamble,
Giddinus, Green, Gieenwood, Sampson W. Harris,Hend-
ricks rienn, Fhbbard, Houston, Hughes, Fn^er^oH, John-
son, George W. Jones, Roland Jones. Kid well, KurtzXane,
Lindsley,Macdona!d, McDouyall, McNair, Macv,Mayall
;j Meacham, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Million, Noble,
i Olds,MorderaiOliver,Orr, Phelps, Phillips,Pratt,Richard-
■] son, Riddle, Russell, S'abm, Seymour, Shower, Samuel A.
i Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
i Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Da-
vi(i Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Upham,
■ j Wanen, filhhu B. Washburne, Weils, and John Went-
; worth—86.
; So the House refused to adjourn.
j The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the table the appeal from the decision ofthe Chair.
Mr. HAVEN. I heard the title of the bill read,
j Has it been received?
j The SPEAKER. The bill was not received,
I because there was objection made to its reception,
The Chair decided that it was in order to receive
; it. An appeal is taken from the decision of the
Chair, which involves the question of reception,
i Mr. HAVEN. Well, I will withdraw my ap-
J peal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is another
