i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
■administrator is dead, and that this man is now
authorized to receive payment of the claim; but
fie is to receive it merely on the ground that it ia
entered on the books of the Treasury that such a
certificate was issued to the Grubbs. There is
not a particle of proof that it has been in the pos-
session of any one of these individuals for years,
orthatit has been lost. In any court in the world
they would have to prove the existence of the
paper, and the loss of the iiaper, and then the doc-
trine of my friend from California would come in.
Mr. WELLER. I apprehend, in this case,
that the record shows the issuing of the certifi-
cate.
Mr. DAWSON. But where is this evidence of
the loss of it r
Mr. WELLER. The loss of the paprer is to
be proved by the person who is now administrator.
Mr. DAWSON. There is' no provision of that
sort in the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. You allege that it has been
paid by the Government; then the onus is thrown
on the Government.
Mr. DAWSON. The presumption always lV
when time runs, and a paper of this sort has not
been presented, that it has been paid. The law
presumes payment after the statute of limitations
commences to run. Up to that period you can
come in and prove the loss of the paper add other
facts necessary to require payment.
Mr. WELLER. i do not think therfe is any
statute of limitations as to the Government.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask whether the
amettdtnent contains interest?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly: It is necessarily
to pay the face of thepaper with interest.
Mr. WALKER. These certificates on their
face bear interest.
Mr.' ALLEN. The certificate ought not to
draw interest for any longer period than when
debts of the same class were paid. The interest
ought not to be allowed to go beyond such a day.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move an amendment to the amendment?
Mr. ALLEN. No, sir, I merely suggest that
the certificate ought not to draw interest beyond
the day when debts of the same class were paid
by the Government, which was about the year
1823ffrl823. At that time all that were presented
were paid off. This amendment, therefore, in-
cludes thirty years'interest, to which the parties
have no right.
Mr. RUSK. I vote with great distrust on all
these old' claims'. 1; remember one which was
before the Committee on Military Affairs- some
years ago, which gave rise to this distrust in my
mind, it was a claim for upwards of $40,000.
It was prosecuted by as honesta man, 1 suppose,
as ever came before Congress to make a claim.
He came here and urged it session after session, at
considerable expense to himself. The Committee
on Military Affairs examined it closely. The
claimant had been a quartermaster in the war of
1812, and there were a large number of accounts'
to be examined". He was honestly impressed as
any man could-be that the Governmentowed him
over $40,000. There were' two or three reports
in his favor, but by some means or other they
did not come up, and were not acted' upon. The
question was re-referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when I was #member of it.
We had sent to the Departments over and over
again, arid got all the papers connected with these
accounts. Finally, at the last session at which it
was referred to the committee, before we reported
on it he came into the committee room one morn-
ing, and said he wanted to withdraw his papers;
for, on examining to find a little more testimony,
he actually found his receipt to the Government
for the amount.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 move to amend the bill
by striking out of the second section this clause:
And further, that alt appropriations which are herein
made, or may be hereafter made, for repairs or unprove
merits of the public huildmgs, Grounds, and strpew within
the District ot Columbia, and now under the charge of the
Comm'S-ioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, shall be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, and that all laws or parts of laws inconsistent with
this section shall be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to agree to that
amendment. 1 believe it is right.
Mr. TOOMBS. Probably some of the rest of
us do not know what it is. Let us hear it.
' The Secretary read the amendment again.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why should this clause be
stricken out?
Mr. BRODHEAD. If Congress orders a cer-
tain improvement to be made, the Secretary of the
Interior, under this section, has to come down
arid inspect it. That is business which pertains
to the Commissioner of Public Buildings. His
accounts are settled at the Treasury upon proper
vouchers. I hope the amendment wili- be agreed
to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have one more amend-
ment to offer. It speaks for itself. It is to add
the following additional section:
Sec.— Jlndbe it further enacted, That there shall be
allowed to the Assistant Secretary of Slate, to th" Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, to the Fir>t Comptroller of the
Treasury, to the Second Comptroller of the Treasury, and
to the Commissioner ot 0 woms, an annual salary each at
the rate ol\$4,5<K); as to the Fir-t Auditor of the Treasury,
to the Second Auditor of the Treasury, to the Third Auditor
of the Treasury, to the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, to
the Auditor of the Treasury lor the Post Office Department,
to the Trttat-urt'r of the United States to the Register of the
Treasury, to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
to the Commissioner of Pensions, to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and lo the Commissioner of Patents, each at
the rate ol $4,0ft0. The said salaries to commence from
and after the first day of July, 1854; and so much thereof
as is not otherwise appropriated by this Or former acts, shall
be paid otit of aiiy-motvcys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is this offered
from any committee of the Senate?
Mr. BRODHEAD; It is offered in pursuance
of the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand that this prop-
osition is to increase the salaries of the auditors,
comptrollers, and other heads of bureaus. Do
they not all now get aa much as Senators and
Representatives ?
Several Senators. More; more.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, sir, I would suggest
whether it is proper now in this bill to go into the
subject of increasing all the auditors, and the
head of every bureau and Government establish-
ment in the city of Washington, when their pay
is more than we deceive. I think that at present
some of these auditors and other officers get a
great deal more than they are entitled to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. By the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, ic appears that the sala-
ries of the comptrollers were fixed some fifty-five
years ago, and at that time the comptrollers
received move than the Postmaster General. The
salaries of all the officers in and about Washing-
ton have been increased except the comptrollers.
They are high officers, having responsible func-
tions. The Senate can do as they please with this
amendment; but I wish to justify myself for of-
fering it. The same necessity exists for increas-
ing the salaries of these other officers. They are
meritorious men, performing highly responsible
duties. They dispose of large quantities of public
business. They guard the public Treasury. For
these, and other reasons which appear on record
m the communication from the Treasury De*
partment, I urge the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to ask the Senator
what these officers now receive, is it not $3,000
a year ? Do not the Comptrollers receive that
amount?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think the Comptrollers
receive §3,000 or $3,500.
Mr. G WIN. The First Comptroller receives-
$3,500, and the Second $3,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, iet me ask, what does
a Senator receive ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is an argumentum ad
honrinem. I know that my pay as a Senator is
less, perhaps, than that of any gentlemen on this
floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Less than $3,000 a year ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir, less than §2,000;
butthat hasnothing to do with the question under
consideration. The question is not whether we
receive enough, but whether these officers receive
enough.
Mr, GEVER. Mr. President, I have voted
against several amendments which have been
offered fortheincrease of salaries. 1 have thought
for a long time that this was about the largest
omnibus that ever was attempted to be built in the
Senate. A moment ago \ce refused to receive
what I considered some of the most respectable
passengers who have beeft offered, the judges of
the di&trict courts of the United States. We
refuse to receive them, and we are now increasing
the salary of every clerk, auditor, and comptrol-
1 ler, and' making this, instead'of being an appropri-
! ation bill, a salary bill.
Mr. BADGER. Perhaps it would be appropri-
ate for the Committed on Retrenchment. [Laugh-
ter.]
•Mr. GEYER. It' is properly suggested by the
j Senator from North Carolina, that it would be very
appropriate for the Committee on Retrenchment,
[Renewed laughter.] I do hope that, before the
close of this 'session, or, at the fuithest, at the
commencement',of die next session, we shall have
I some regulation wSrule by which we shall prevent
the general legistmion of the country from being
introduced upon the appropriation bills. I hope
yet to live to see the day when an appropriation
bill will be what its name purports, an appropria-
tion of money for the public service authorized by
law. i shall vote very cheerfully, when a proper
bill isr presented, for an increase of salaries which
| ought to be increased, but I regret very much that
! I,amongothers, have been seduced into voting for
j any increase of salaries on this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brodhead, Cooper, Fitzpatrick,
Gvvin, Jones ofTetmessee, Rusk, Thomson ofNew Jersey,
arid Toombs—9.
N-AYri—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Benjamin, Butler, Cha e, Dawson, Dodge of fovva, Evans,
Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson, Maliory, Mason, Pearce, Rockwell, Seba-tian,
Shields, Shdelf, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I wish
now to submit an amendment, to come in at the
third section, which provides somewhat for a re-
distribution of the clerks in the Executive De-
partments. It is an amendment which I explained
yesterday, in the few remarks I then made. I
will not detain the Senate by saying anything
further on it. M.y only object is that the clerks
shall be paid according to the work they perform.
This amendment is to provide for that. It is to
insert:
•find, provided, That whenever clerks of the first class
shull perform the same or siuular duties with any of the other
classes, they shall receive the same compensation as is
j allowed to'such classes.
I Mr, HUNTER. I hope that will not be
adopted. The effect of it will be to allow each
Auditor, or other head of a bureau, to break up
the classification, and to say that certain clerks of
the lowest class are performing the duties of those
of the higner classes.
Mr. BADGER. It is to abolish all classifica-
tions.
Mr. HUNTER. It is. That is the effect of it.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. The words
of this amendment are the very words of the act
which was passed on the 2Sd ofApril, 1854, which
WSs intended to provide for this class of cases.
There were a set of clerks known as temporary
clerks. They have been abolished by name, but
they have been incorporated into a class called
first-class clerks. The act of April 22d provides
that all clerks not provided for in it, that is, the
temporary clerks, who are now called first-class
clerks, "performing the same or similar duties
with any one of the other classes shall receive the
same compensation as allowed to such class."
When a clerk in the first class is performing the
duties of a clerk of the second or third class, I
think he should be entitled to the pay of the grade
whose duties lie is performing. That seems to
me to be manifestly proper. It is, of course, very
much a matter of discrimination with the head of
a bureau or the head of a Department. He is to
say whether a clerk is doing more duty, than be-
longs to the class to which he is assigned. The
object of my amendment is, in such cases, to allow
the clerks to receive pay in proportion to the duties
they perform.
Mr. BADGER. I wish only to say in this
matter that it may, or it may not, be proper to
abolish the classification which has been adopted
in the Departments in reference to the clerks. Jf
it is proper to abolish it, it ought to be done, if
