THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1854.
New Serijss,..#.No^ 71.,
question of order, which I should like the Chair
to decide. A bill passed the Senate to aid in con-
structing a railroad in Minnesota. It came to
this House, and was laid upon the table; which,
under the decision of the Chair, and the vote of
the House, is held to be a rejection. This bill, I
take it, is substantially the same as that one. The
13th joint rule of the two Houses, provides that
when a bill or resolution, which has been passed
in one House, shall be rejected in the other, it
shall not be brought in during the same session
without a notice of ten days, and the leave of two
thirds of that House, in which it shall be renewed.
Now, if the mere changing; of a few words in
a bill take it without that rule, the rule is a blank,
and might as well be stricken out at once.
Mr. PHILLIPS, Is this not the bill which
has come from the other House? *
Mr. JONES. I believe it is identical with the
one rejected.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was based upon the declaration of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr, Stevens,] who distinctly
stated that the bill which he desired to introduce,
was not identically the same.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. 1 ask that
the bill be read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, I was about
to say I had sent the bill to the Clerk's desk, for
the purpose of having it read, that the House
might be well satisfied that the statements 1 had
made were true, and that the bill I desire to in-
troduce is not identical with the bill that came
down from the Senate, and which has been before
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not care about
the bill being read, if the gentleman from Michi-
gan, who reports it, will state to the House in
what material point it differs from the bill which
came from the Senate.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask for the reading
of the bill.
Mr. OLDS. I would like to ask the Speakera
question.
The SPEAKER. In response to the erentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. J ones,] the Chair would
say, that in the first place he differs with that gen-
tleman in regard to the vote upon the Senate bill
to which he refers. The laying of a bill upon the
table is not, in parliamentary law, a rejection of
the bill.
Mr. JONES. I was aware of that. I stated
that the decision of the Chair, sustained by a vote
of the House, settled the principle that laying a bill
upon the table insured its rejection.
Mr. OLDS. I would ask the Chair if the House I
did not lay the deficiency bill upon the table, and
if it was not again reported and acted upon in this
House?
Mr. HAVEN. Upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from the St. Lawrence district in my State,
the whole subject was referred back to the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stevens] states upon his responsibility
that this bill differs materially from the Senate bill
referred to; and even though the bill from the
Senate had been rejected, and though the vote of
the House was taken upon it, the Chair decides
that the bill now proposed to be introduced is not
out of order; and it is very clear that the laying
of the Senate bill upon the table is not, according
to pailiamentary law, a rejection of the bill. There-
fore, the objection raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee cannot hold, even if it were the identical
bill which came from the Senate. That is cer-
tainly the law of this House, and it is competent
for the House to decide what course they will
take in regard to this oil],
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask that the bill be
read the first and second time, and then I wish to
make some explanations.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is it now in order to move
a rejection of the bill?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order after the first reading of the bill.
71
The bill was then read the first time by its title,
as follows:
A bill to aid the Territory of Minnesota in
constructing a railroad therein.
My. KEITT. 1 move to lay the bill upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. Will gentlemen allow the
Chair to state, that upon the first reading of a
bill, the question shall be, if it is then raised," Shall
it be received, or shall it be rejected?"
Mr. STEVENS. 1 believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stevens] allow the Chair to make
a brief statement? The Chair recollects precisely
such a case as has now arisen under his own
administration during the last Congress. A re-
jection of a bill was moved, and the Chair decided
that it was notdebatable. The House acquiesced
in it, and the Chair is not aware of any rule that
would vary that practice.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say only a few
words. Many appeals have been made to me
this morning not to urge the consideration of this
bill at this time. It was suggested to me that I
was taking the House by surprise, and bringing
up a hill which legitimately had no place here.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I protestagainstany charge
of this kind made against my present course. I
am the last member of this House to do anything
that is unfair. I would not have introduced this
bill if it did not legitimately belong hete. i would
not takegentlemen by gut prise, and by that means
effect the passage of a bill. God knows I would
not be guilty of doing such a thing; as that.
But i have been instructed by the committee, of
whiuh I am a member, to report this bill. Gen-
tlemen who have an interest in the matter—gen
tlemen from the Territory of Minnesota—have
urged and requested nie to report this bill. This
morning I gave these gentlemen my word that I
would do ao, and as a man arid a gentleman, 1 am
now fulfilling my promise to them.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have no personal interest in this
bill. It does not at all affect my personal inter-
ests. It does, however, affect the interests of my
district, and those of the United States at large.
It is one of those bills, I think, which should,
perhaps, be passed in preference to any other.
The interests involved in it are not confined solely
to the Territory of Minnesota, But providing,
as the bill does, for the road starting from the
southern boundary of Minnesota, running steadily
in the direction of Lake Superior, it is calculated—
when the chain, of which this is but a single Jink,
shall be completed—it is calculated, I say, to give,
and will give, steam communication from the Gulf
of Mexico to the Gulf of the St. Lawrence, by way
of the extreme line of water communication from
the heads of the Mississippi to the Fond du Lac of
Lake Superior.
Let this bill be passed, Mr. Speaker, and you
enable men, who are now unable to do it, through
their personal enterprise, to construct this great
road. Pass this bill, and the citizens of this Re-
public will be able to pass, for pleasure or for
business, from the Gulf of the St. Lawrence, by
way of the river St. Lawrence, the head of Lake
Superior, and the Straits of St. Marie, to the Gulf
of Mexico. You may pass from that Gulf to the
Atlantic, by the way of the Erie canal, and by
various other means of communication. This is
a national, not a merely local matter.
The benefits of its operation will not be confined
to the citizens of the Territory of Minnesota. It
is not a matter to operate to the personal interests
of one or two States merely, but to those of every
State in the Union. It is national—as I said—in
its objects; and if I understand the true theory
and principles on this subject, that theory is, that
works like this, which are national, which are
extensive, and which are not confined meiely to
some particular portion of the Union, deserve and
should receive the patronage and care of the Gen-
eral Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am requested to explain
the difference between this bill and the other one.
On this point, it is perhaps enough for me to say
to gentlemen here that, while the other bill ap-
plied a portion of it to'Iowa, a-portion to Minne-
sota, and a portion to Wisconsin,this bill is con-
fined to th^ Territory of Minnesota alone—the
road beginning at the southern boundary of the
Territory, and running to St. Paul, a distance
of about a hundred miles, and from thence in the
most feasible route, and in the direction of Lake
Superior to the eastern boundary of theTerritory,
a distance of perhaps thirty-five miles. Besides
this bill provides for the granting of only fiye
hundred and twenty-seven thousand acres of
land, while the other bill provided for double that
quantity.
Sir, that is the difference between the two bills.
This one is a territorial bill. It has nothing to do
with other States. And now, if gentleman per-
mit me, I would say that I desire to take no un-
fair advantage of this House in the introduction of
the bill. I have piesented it in accordance with
the wishes of the friends of the bill.- And in my
character as a citizen of this great Republic, as a
citizen of Michigan, I wish the bill to pass, because
it will contribute to the general benefit of all.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I demand the previous
question upon the motion of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton ]
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor a moment, before he makes that
demand.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot. I insist upon my
demand.
Mr. LANE. I then move that the House now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr.MEACHAM. I rise toaprivileged motion.
The SPEAKER. Two privileged motions are
now pending.
Mr.TVIEACHAM. My motion will take pre-
cedence of both. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion will take pre-
cedence of the others, and is the first to be put to
the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and there were—
yeas 77, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—-Meiers. Ball, fiennett, Benson, Brooks, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Uhnsman, Colquitt, Corwin, Cralgo,
Cro< ker, Culiom, Cutting, Dick, Dickinson, Drum, -Ed,
mauds Thomas D. Eliot, Ethendge, Everhart, Fentoii-
Fiagler, Franklin, Giddtngs, Goode, ftoodrich, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Harrison. Haven, Howe,Hunt, Inger-
enll, DatiirO T. Jones, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox,
Kurt/., Letcher, Lilly, Lyon, Meaeham, Middleswarth,
Muiray, Norton, Parker, Peckham, Preston, Puryear,
Ready, Kiddle, David Ritchie, Rnffin, Sapp, Seward, Shaw,
Simmons, Snodgrass, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Tay-
lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upham,
Wade, WalU y, Walsh, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Hen-
driek B. Wright, and Zollicofler—-77.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
David J- Bailey, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Boyee, Breckin-
ridge, Ca^kie, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Cox,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Disney, Dowdell, Duribar,
Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Ellison, English,
Florence, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Hendiicks, Henn,
Ilibbard, Houston, Hughes, Johnson, Rolntid Jones, Kid-
well, Lane, Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair,
Macy, Matfepon, Mayall, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Millson, N/>ble, Olds. Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,Orr,
Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Phi Hips, Pratt, Richardson, Rus-
sell, Seymour, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Wil
Itain Smith, William R. Smith, Geoige W. Smyth, Hestor
L. Stevens, Stratton. David Stuart, Thurston, Vail, War-
ren, Ellihu B. Washburn*?, Wells, JTobn Wenlworth, Tap-
pan Wentvvorth, and Daniel B. Wright—78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. la not theques
tion upon the demand for the previous question
next in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion that the Hous
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole otj
the state of the Union takes precedence of the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Upon ih
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I appeal to the Hous a
