1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
it is proper to retain it, this amendment ought not
to be adopted, for it allows the classification, but
also allows the head of a Department or of a
bureau to select his favorites, and pay them the
highest rates.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I desire now to offer an
amendment winch seeks to effect in part what I
desired to accomplish a while ago with regard to
the marshals of California. 1 have changed the
proposition so as to put it in a shape that will be
more acceptable to other gentlemen. Though this
does not accomplish what I desire, it remedies to
some extent the evils of which I complained be-
fore. It is to insert:
■And he it further enacted, That thernarshals in the north
ern and southern dMucts of CalitowRa shall be entitled to
thirty per cent, in addition to the fees* and compensation
allowed by the act ot Felnuary 26, 1P53, entitled "An act
to legulate the lees and co«ts to be allowed elerks, mar
Glials, and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and lor oihei purposes."
Mr. RCJSK. 1 intend to vote for that amend-
ment; and if the Senator from California thinks
the proposition I am about to make will embar-
rass it, 1 will not offer it. I propose to amend
the amendment by adding after the word " Cal-
ifornia," the words "and the State of Texas."
I will, in a few words, state the reason for this.
The mileage allowed in the fee bill which we
passed last year to the marshal is ten cents, which
does not begin to pay him. The State of Texas
has a territory ot two hundred and seven thou-
sand square miles, and there are four places
in the State for holding the United States courts.
The marshal there is a gallant and noble man.
He is absolutely losing money by the rate of
mileage now allowed him. If, however, my prop-
osition is regarded as embarrassing the other, I
will withdraw it; but I think it cannot be so con-
sidered.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 17, noes 20.
Mr. STUART. I have an amendment to pro-
pose, by the instructions of the Committee on
Commerce, to which I hope there will be no ob-
jection. We have made certain appropriations in
the bill for life-boats on the Atlantic coasts, and
upon the lakes; but the amount provided for does
not come up to the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and what is required by a
bill which has passed the Senate, and which is now
pending in the House of Representatives, and
which may, and probably will, become a law, at
this session. If not, the amendment 1 now pro-
pose will not have any effect, it is simply to pro-
vide for appropriating a balance that will become
due should that bill pass into a law. My amend-
ment is in these words:
For the purpose of cairymg out the provisions of an act
entitled c< An act for the better preservation of life and
property from voxels slnpwieeked on the coasts of the
United States," $52,400; to he expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasuiy.
The whole amount estimated for by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for this purpose was
$92,460; but $40,000 have been appropriated for
in this bill and the amendments already adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the act which is re-
ferred to in the amendment?
Mr. STUART. That act contains no appro-
priation. 11 is a bill which has passed the Senate,
and is now pending in the other House. I pro-
posed this on the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to cover the whole ground.
In order to facilitate the passage of that bill, there
was no appropriation in it.
Mr. DAWSON. We are now late in the
month of July, and the appropriations which we
have alieady made in this bill for life-boats can-
not be expended between nowand thenextsession
of Congress, unless they are hurried on unrea-
sonably in every direction.
Mr. STUART. I can assure the Senator from
Georgia that he is greatly mistaken. These boats
are furnished with facility, and can be sent to
California before the commencement of the next
session.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on Mr. Stuart's amendment, and announced that
it was rejected.
Mr. STUART, f call for a division. The
amendment is founded upon an estimate made and
furnished to the Committee on Commerce by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the question to be decided.
Mr, STUART. It is not too late to ask for a
division. I will ask that the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury may be read. It
seems to me that there can be' no difficulty about
the matter when it is understood.
Mr. HUNTER. We have decided the ques-
tion. It is getting late m the evening, and we are
anxious to dispose of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thought the noes had it very decidedly.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that; but it
has been the commonest thing ail day, after the
Chair has announced a result, to call for a divis-
ion, or to order the yeas and nays. Now, sir, if
appropriations which are necessary to carry on
the business of the Gov ern men tare to be defeated,
alter we have been spending all day talking about
things that do not belong to the bill, simply from
want of time, I will vote to adjourn, and let us
take another day for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to taking ?he question again?
Several Senators. None at all!
Mr. STUART. Now I ask for the reading of
the paper.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sir: In compliance with the request contained in your
letter of the 7tn instant, { have the honor to subjoin* the
estimate of (he appropriation which will be required to
carry into effect the provisions ot the bill entitled u A bill I
for the better preservation of lite and piopcrty from vessels
bhipwieehed on the coast of the United States
For establishing twenty-eight additional boat sta-
tions* on the coast of New Jersey and Long isl-
and, at sa,095 each  $58,660
For repairing twenty six exifins*stations..    10,0ul>
For compensation of keepers at hltv-iour stations,
at $2U0 per annum  10,800
For compendium of two Mipeimtenderits, at
$1 ,">00 per annum each  3,000
For the annual appropriation lor the purchase of
boats for other portions of the coast  10,000
$92,400
JAMES GUTHRIE.
Hon. Hannibal I-Iimlin, Ckaiiman of the
Committee on Commerce, United Stoics Senate.
Mr. STUART. Ailow me to sayagain, that I
hope there will be no diflfetence of opinion in the
Senate about this matter. We have by special
provisions added to this bill appropriations for
$40,000 of that amount. The general bill to which
i alluded, winch has passed theSenate, and which
is now pending in the Ilouse, will, unquestion-
ably, become a law at this sesmon. So I am
assured by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce in the House. It will require the ad-
ditional $52,460 to carry out the provisions of that
act, and the effect of this amendment is to provide
means for giving that law effect throughout the
coasts of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. Now, sir, I wish to ask the
Senator from Michigan this question. He refers
to a certain act which he supposes will be passed.
How is it possible that we should refer, m a bill
which we are passing, to an act which has not yet
passed 5 Suppose it does not pass.
Mr. STUART. I can answer the Senator very
readily. If it does not pass, the appropriation
contained in this amendment will go for nothing.
Mr. BADGER. But in what a position would
the Senate be presented to the public, as not know-
ing- what acts have passed ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to finish the bill before an adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Many Senators have gone
away, and I think we have haidly a quorum here.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we have a quorum.
I hope we shall not adjourn now.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 16, noes 24.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan not to ask for any
more expenditures on account of life-boats at
present. The two life-boats which have been sta-
tioned at the point where I reside have been there
now for two years, but have never been used in a
single instance, and repeated requests have been
made by the collector there to have them with-
drawn. 1 believe that such is the condition of the
life-boats m the State m which I reside, that every
one of them is perfectly useless. I believe now,
that if a redistribution of life-boats is to takeplace,
perhaps we have enough on hand already.
Mr. STUART. 1 am not at liberty to with-
draw the amendment. It is one which I have
been instructed to offer by the Committee on Com-
merce, and it is not within my power to withdraw
it. It is in the power of the Senate to vote it
down.
Mr. BADGER. I am satisfied that there is no
chance of getting through with this bill to-night. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will adjourn. T
make the motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. ADAMS. No question has been taken
since the last motion to adjourn was put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell in
the chair.) That is true; the motion, therefore,
cannot be entertained.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FISH. I move to amend the bill by adding
the following additional section:
Sec • —. Jlnri be it further enacted, That all vacancies m
any of the classes ot cleiks authorized by the third !*< otfmi
of the act approved March 3,1853, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending Xtb of June, 1854," shall
be filled by promotion according to seniority.
That is one of the proviwions which was con-
tained in the bill which passed the Senate by a
large majority. The House struck it out; I pro-
pose now to put it in this bill.
Mr. STUART. That is one amendment of all
others connected with these clerkships which
ought not to be adopted. To curry out the clerk-
ship grade by seniority cuts off all authority on
the part of the head of the bureau or Department
to determine anything about qualifications. It
operates badly enough m the Army and Navy. I
hope never to see it introduced into the civil ser-
vice.
Mr. BADGER. I believe a question has inter-
vened since the former motion to adjourn was
put. I now renew the motion that the Senatead-
journ.
The motion was lost—ayes 13, noes not counted.
The question was taken upon Mr. Fish's amend-
ment; and it wv.s rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. A few moments since a vote
was taken upon the proposition of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Weller,] to amend the
bill by increasing the compensation of marshals.
1 move, at the special instance of my friend—be-
cause I shall certainly not change my vote on the
final result—to reconsider the vote, so that he may
have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senate will agree
to the reconsideration, and then give us the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
My only de.sire is to obtain the yeas and nays
upon it. That will supersede the necessity of
asking for them upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BADGER. I was in favor of the amend-
ment; but i cannot vote for the motion to recon-
sider at this stasje of the session. If we act upon
propositions and reject them, and then reconsider
them, we shall never get through with the bill. I
advise the Senator, therefore, to call for the yeas
and naysunon this motion.
Mr. WELLER. We may just as well have
them on the direct vote. I do not want to discuss
the question. I only want the yeas and nays upon
the direct proposition.
The question was taken; and the Presiding
Officer declared that the motion appeared to be
lost.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, when his name was calleds
said: As this is a test question, I shall vote against
my own motion.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—•
yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Biodhend, Chase, Dodge ofTmva,
Douglas, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Gillette, Gwm, Jones ofTen-
nessee, Mallory, Petnt, Rockwell, Sebastian,Stuart, Sutu-
ner, Wade, and Weller—16.
NAYS—Messr*. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Benjamin, Cooper, Evan>, Feseenden, Fi*h, Geyer,
Hunter, Johnson, Mason, Sebastian, Shields,' Slideli,
Thompson of Kentnekj, and Walker—-19.
So the motion to reconsider was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend the clause
