1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
".for compensation of three inspectors of said pen-
itentiary," (in the District of Columbia) "$300,"
by striking out "three hundred," and inserting
" seven hundred and fifty."
Mr. HUNTER. If we increase the salary of
a portion of these officers, we ought to increase
the others. Why except the inspectors ?
Mr. SHIELDS.. What I propose to reinstate
is the old salary. They only get a hundred dol-
lars each. Ail I.'want is a vote.
The amendment was lejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. The committee appointed to
report upon the atmospheric telegraph, have in-
structed me to report the following amendment, to
come in under miscellaneous appropriations.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have an op-
portunity of seeing that that amendment is in-
serted in the proper place; and in order to enable
me to accomplish that object, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is the last amendment
that I have. I simply wish the Senate to vote
upon it.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw my motion.
The amendment was to insert the following:
For the construction of an atmospheric telegraph, on the
plan of rthtei Richardson, under the direction of the Post-
mfi.=tfr General, from the President's House to the Capitol,
$10,000.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 18, noes
20.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
clause in the bill appropriating $1,000 for contin-
gent expenses of the Territory of Utah, by strik-
ing out " $1,000," and inserting " $1,500." I
ask that a letter from the Governor of Utah to
the Delegate may be read.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The amendment was rejected—ayes thirteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 move to amend the
foutth section of the bill by inserting after the
words " Auxiliary Guard," in the clause relating
to the increase of their salaries, the words:
The said Auxiliary Guard to be hereafter appointed by
the Coimmsiiioner of Public Buildings.
I will state that we are appropriating some
$15,000 for the Auxiliary Guatds, who are ap-
pointed by the Mayor of the city. My amendment
proposes to take from that officer the appointment,
and confer it upon an officer of our own, to wit:
the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. GW IN. If the Senator will insert Secre-
tary of the Interior, instead of Commissioner of
Public Buildings, I will agree to it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 will do that. 1 make
that modification.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hardly know whether to
vote for this motion or not; but I have a word to
say upon that item of expenditure. We have
been paying this Auxiliary Guard, so far as 1
know, f.-om time immemorial.
Mr. BADGER. Since 1842.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We pay them, and I have
never seen but one of them in the course of the
eleven years which 1 have been here; and the one
that I did see I met at a livery stable. He told
me that his beat went by my house, and he wanted
us io raise his pay. I have lived there three years.
His beat is by my house every day and night,
and I have never set my eyes upon him since, i
doubt whether the guard are on duty. 1 doubt
whether they render service. 1 doubt whether
the money which we appropriate is not so much
thrown away, and I do think that, until they are
on duty so that they can be called, so that they
can be of use, so that you can find somebody who
has ever seen them when they are needed, we
ought to strike out the annual appropriation.
Several Senators. Make that motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will make the motion to
strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from iowa.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Upon that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER. These Auxiliary Guards are
not intended to be found or seen by well disposed
persons; therefore it is not at all surprising that
the Senator from Illinois has not seen them.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would like the Senator
from North Carolina to give his testimony. Has
}ie ever seen them ?
Mr. BADGER. I am like the Senator from
Illinois. 1 have never seen them, and I never ex-
pect to see them. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do wish to see them.
Mr. BADGER. Get into a row, then. [Con-
tinued laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am speaking seriously. I
have had occasion sometimes to have the guard
called for protection. We know that houses are
burning down in the city as regularly as sunrise
and sunset follow each other. 1 have sat in my
house at night and seen six houses burnt by in-
cendiaries within two hundred yards—all burn-
ing at once—and when the guard were called for,
none couid be found. Sometimes every night for
a week, in that quarter, houses have been on fire.
I want to know what becomes of this guard at
such times. I only raise this question for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the Senate and the
authorities of the city to the fact, that if a guard
are on duty, those who require their attention do
not know where they are.
Mr. RUSK. I had some doubts at first about
voting to strike out this provision; but when they
have been able to find the Senator from Illinois
but once in three years, and the Senator from
North Carolina not at all, I am satisfied that they
are of no use. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADAMS. I think the Senate is about to
act unadvisedly in reference to this question. I
understand this Auxiliary Guard to have their duty
to perform at nights. There are thirty of them.
Each one has his beat. One thing I know, sir;
we have not one fire now to ten which we had two
years ago. This guard perform their duty from
dark until daylight. Not one of them ever lies
down or sleeps at night. They are not permitted
to engage in any other kind of business. They
have detected and been the means of convicting
some half dozen persons who were engaged m
setting bouses on fire, and they have several
others now in custody; and perhaps we have no
public officers in the District of Columbia who
render more service in the protection of the
property of this place, and who are more poorly
paid, according to the services they render to the
city, than this Auxiliary Guard.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 cannot concur with the
Senator that there were ten fires two years ago to
one which we have now. There has hardly been
a night this spring in which houses have not been
burnt down in this city. There have within sight
of my own house been thirty or forty burnt within
the last three months. There is scarcely a night in
which there is none burnt. On one occasion, while
there were six houses being burnt down near my
dwelling, a man left his house on New Jersey
avenue to go to the fire, and while he was absent,
his own house was set on fire, and his wife burnt
nearly to death in bed before she could get out,
These things are frequently occurring. I have
never known a period when there was so much
danger in the city as within the last two or three
months. I can say nothing about these men, only
that 1 do not see them.
A Senator. Perhaps you do not know them
when you see them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think they should be re-
quired then to carry some badge, so that they may
be recognized. We ought to know who they are,
so that we may call on them for protection; but
when a man's beat is by your own house, and in
three years you never set your eyes on him, either
night or day, and when these fires take place and
he cannot be found, seen, or heard of, I have my
doubts whether he is on duty. I do not believe
that that man in that part of the town does go on
his duty.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. 1 have full confidence in the
statement presented by the Senator from Illinois.
The question is as to the remedy. As it stands
now, I believe these officers are appointed by the
corporate authorities, and the United States Gov-
ernment pays them. If there is a mode better
calculated than any other to get a set of men good
for nothing, that would be the one. I am inclined
to think that the proposition now before the Senate,
submitted by the Senator from Iowa, will remedy
this evil. If this guard shall be appointed by
the authority that pays them, I think you will
have an efficient set of men. The Senator from
Illinois has shown very clearly the necessity of a
guard, provided that guard can be a good one. If
this plan fails, if the guard appointed by a respon-
sible officer of this Government, and subject to the
Government, will not answer the purpose on a
fair trial, I shall go with the Senator from Illinois,
when he moves to strike the provision out; but I
submit, that at this time, perhaps, we had belter
take the proposition of the Senator from Iowa,
and change the mode of appointment, and try
that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to do that.
Mr. MASON. The Auxiliary Guard is a part
of the police of the city of Washington. The city
of Washington covers so much ground that it is
found impossible for the resources of the city to
furnish a police. Ab there was a large portion of
the public property of the United States in the
city, it was cowgiUered a proper policy that the
Government should contribute to the support of
the police. Although the Government pays them,
they are appointed by the head of the police in the
city—the Mayor—and are under his control. I
would ask how the Secretary of the Interior, who
now comes from Michigan, or any future Secre-
tary of the Interior, coming from a distant portion
of the country, can know the qualifications of the
people of Washington, in order to form the police.
If you give him the power, you will have it a
matter merely of political patronage, and a sort of
political infirmary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I in part concur with the
Senator from Virginia. I am not in favor of dis-
charging this guard. I think they ought to be
retained. I do not think that they act to the sat-
isfaction of everyone; but it does appear that a
police is necessary for the extent and peculiar sit-
uation of this place. If the appointment of this
guard be left to the Superintendent of Public
Buildings, and if he is acquainted with the popu-
lation of the place generally, with their capabili-
ties, their industrious habits, and all these mat-
ters, he can make a better selection than the
Secretary of the Interior would have it in his
power to do. The Secretary has business accu-
mulating upon his hands, and a great addition is
made to it by this bill. Now, if you compel him
to give his personal attention to this subject, he
must be acquainted with the individuals he ap-
points; and.it does seem to me that he would
nave to rely either upon the corporation or some
other person entirely independent of himself, and
that he would, therefore, be a bad hand to select
suitable persons to constitute the guard. The
appointing power should have a personal knowl-
edge of the population of Washington, in order
to give efficiency to the guard, and we can get no
person on whom the responsibility could better
rest than the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
I shall, therefore, move to amend the amendment
by striking out " Secretary of the Interior," and
inserting " Commissioner of Public Buildings."
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I am afraid that
the Senate are likely to be misled by the Senator
from Illinois. It should be remembered that he
has such an aversion to public places, and is so pas-
sionately fond of privacy, that he has withdrawn
himself almost altogether from public haunts,
and sequestered himself in seclusion. I have no
idea that any body would find him anywhere but
at home, [laughter;] and I should, therefore, have
been surprised if the Auxiliary Guard had been able
to find him. 1 think it likely that that guard per-
ambulates the streets of Washington where they
are needed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I never should have dreamed
that the man of whom I spoke was one of the
Auxiliary Guard. He found out where I lived,
and stated to me that he was one, and made him-
self known to me because he wanted his salary
increased. I asked him where bis beat was. He
described it " right by your house." Three years
have elapsed since that, and I have never set eyes
on him or heard of him since. I do not belive he
is there, and I do not want him to take his pay
unless he attends to his duty.
Mr. PEARCE. The guard areneverstationed
at any particular places. The Senator lives almost
at the ultima thnle of the city, and they might pass
his house two or three different times during the
night, and it would be no marvel if they were not
seen by him. I do not think, sir, that we can
draw an unfavorable conclusion from the state-
ment made in relation to this guard. _ The Senator
does not mingle among his fellow-eitizens; he does
