1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1128
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, submitted the following resolution for
consideration:
Resolved, That the joint resolution of the 24th of Feb-
ruary, 1854, for supplying new members of the present Con-
gress with all such books of a public character in the same
proportion as were furnished to members of either House
at the last Congress, embraces Mayo and Moulton's edition
of the pension and bounty land laws, &c., in the proportion
of eight copies to each of the said new members, arid that
the Secretary of the Senate shall so understand and execute
the said resolution.
COMMITTEE CLERIC.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District ofColum-
bia be authorized to employ a clerk.
RAMSAY INVESTIGATION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the report of the commissioners ap-
pointed by the President of the United St.itcs to investigate
the official conduct of Alexander Ramsay, late Governor of
Minnesota Territory, be printed lor the use of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senator from Ar-
kansas to modify his resolution so as to embrace
the testimony in the case.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The commissioners re-
ported the testimony to us, and that is really what
we are anxious to get at.
Mr. STUART. I think it would be better to
add " and testimony."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary,
announcing that he had, on the 3d instant, ap-
proved and signed the joint resolution to extend
an existing contract to carry the mail in Alabama.
ORDER OF BUSINESS INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I believe that
to-day was specially assigned for the considera-
tion of the bill returned by the President with his
objections. I hope that it will be taken up, and
disposed of as soon as possible.
Mr. WALKER. I believe there is a prior
special order, which I, for one, shall insist upon
being taken up.
The PRESIDENT. The bill referred to by
the Senator from California is not a special order;
but its consideration was postponed until to-day.
Mr. WALKER. Then I object to proceeding
to its consideration now, and insist on taking up
the special order—the homestead bill.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to remark that I had ex-
pected, after the Senate had gone through the or-
dinary morning business, to call up the message
of the President, containing his objections to the
bill making a giant of the public lands to the sev-
eral States of the Union for the benefit of indigent
insane persons, which was postponed until this
morning. But upon inquiry of several Senators
who desire to be heard upon this question, some
upon the one side and some upon the other, I
learn that they are not ready or disposed to go on
with the debate upon it this morning.
If, however, there is any Senator who desires
to address the Senate on that question this morn-
ing, certainly it is my desire that he shall have the
opportunity, and that the bill shall be taken up
for that purpose. But I have been unable, my-
self, to learn of any Senator who desires, at this
time; to be heard upon it. Certainly, it is not my
purpose to address the Senate upon the subject, if
at all, until the close of the debate. Unless some
intimation of the sort alluded to be given by some
Senator expressing a desire to proceed with the
discussion of that question this morning, I take
it, of course, that it will not be pressed for con-
sideration.
Mr. GWIN. I do not see why there is any
necessity for discussion about that bill. I think
we can vote on it very soon. The question will
come up in a more enlarged form on the discussion
of the homestead bill, and the graduation bill, and
the substitute offered for both by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] They will afford basis
enough for all the speeches that may be made in
the Senate, in reference to the disposition of the
puohc lands. 1 hope that this message of the
President will be taken up, and the bill voted upon
now. It is only one branch ot an extended system
of measures before the Senate; and I think we can
vote upon this. There is not a member of this
body, in my opinion, who is not ready to vote
upon it. I hope that it will be taken up, and dis-
posed of to-day. If there is nobody ready to speak,
I doubt not we are all ready to vote. I hope there
will be no objection to taking up the message, and
voting upon the bill "which the President has
returned to us with his objections.
The motion of Mr. Gwin was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is before the
Senate for reconsideration.
Mr. GWIN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon
it.
Mr. BADGER. The Constitution . requires
that the question shall be taken by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly; it must be
taken by yeas and nays. The question is, shall
the bill pass, the President's veto to the contrary
notwithstanding; ?
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the question until Thursday.
Mr. WALKER. 1 hope the Senator will say
a week from next Monday.
Mr. STUART. I will take any day which the
Senate wish
Mr. PETTIT, and others. Take the vote to-
day.
The motion to postpone until Thursday was
not agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Mon-
day next. This is a question of very great im-
portance, and we should, if possible, have a full
Senate here during our action upon it I wish to
say a few words upon the message myself before
I vote upon it, and 1 am not prepaied to do it
now. I think it js due to the Senate, to the Pres-
ident, and to the country, that the message should
be maturely considered. I therefore move that
it be postponed until Monday next. If that
should be any interference with the Senator from
Michigan, the day can be given to him. I have
no objection to that. I will then be willing to
take it up, discuss it, and vote upon it, without
laying it down again; but I think a great deal of
allowance ought to be made for Senators, as the
veto message has only been laid upon our tables
this morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
North Carolina whether it would not do to post-
pone it until Wednesday, so that we might take
up the Indian appropriation bill to-day and to-
morrow, and dispose of it.
Mr. BADGER. I am perfectly willing to con-
sult the wishes of the Senate, and to say Wednes-
day next.
Mr. GWIN. If we postpone it at all, I hope
it will be until Monday next, so that we can do
something m the intervening time besides acting
on the Indian appropriation bill. I hope we may
have time enough to dispose of another bill, and
therefore 1 desire the Senator to adhere to his ori-
ginal motion. We have just voted down a motion
to postpone until Thursday next, and now the
motion is to postpone until Wednesday.
Mr. BADGER. 1 should like to get a day to
suit the Senate, and I named Monday at first, and
afterwards altered it. I am willing to do almost
anything for the sake of compromise.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say that the Senate has
already decided to take up the subject on which I
desire to address the body, and hear me on Mon-
day next. An hour and a half on Monday will
be all that f shall desire.
Mr. BADGER. Then I say to-morrow week.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina moves to postpone the consideration of
the subject until to-morrow week.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope that will not be done.
If we postpone it until to-morrow week, another
movement will be made to give precedence to some
favorite measure having a majority of the body m
its favor. T ihink it but respectful to the Pres-
ident, I think it is due to him, and to the subject,
that we should proceed to discuss and dispose at
once of the bill which, it seems to me, is before
the Senate, according to the Constitution, at least.
If the honorable Senator from North Carolina will
say that he is not prepared now to discuss the
measure, I am sure that he could be prepared on
the next day after to-morrow. I can see no occa-
sion for this long postponement, and I wish to
vote upon the measure. The bill has come back,
and it is now upon your table; and it seems to me
that it is one which directly addresses itself to Che
Senate now. 1 would not, however, require any
gentleman to go on if he says he is not prepared.
I wish to submit some remarks myself upon the
subject, and especially do I wish to vote upon the
bill. It mays be that if it is postponed until Mon-
day, I shall not have an opportunity to give a
vote. I am perfectly willing to postpone for an-
other day its consideration,but beyond that I caft
see no occasion for postponing it.
Mr. BADGER. Jtis inconceivable to me how
the immediate reconsideration of the bill which
has been returned to us can be urged upon the
ground that respect to the President requires it.
Now, Mr. President, we have had the printed
copies of the President's message only just laid
upon our tables this morning. It is sent here for
our consideration; the bill is to be reconsidered in
connection with the President's objections, and
these objections ought to be met. Those of us
who may not agree with the President ought to
have an opportunity, and it is respectful to him,
to examine these objections carefully, and see how
far they are supported by the past history and
opinions of the eminent statesmen of the Republic.
It is due to us and to him that we should thus be
enabled to investigate the grounds of his objec-
tions.' The President's message places us in the
position of having voted for an unconstitutional
measure, and we should, therefore, certainly have
an opportunity to give a full consideration to his
reasonsforobjectingto it. However,sir,I have no
sort of objection to any day that may suit the
Senate. I yielded, in the first place, to Monday,
on the suggestion of the Senator from California,
and I varied it to Tuesday at the suggestion of the
Senator from Michigan. The matter rests with
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
postponement of the consideration of the subject
until to-morrow week.
Mr. CLAYTON. I was one of those who
thought we should proceed to the consideration of
this bill at as early a period as practicable; but when
a Senator rises in his place upon this floor, and
desires time for consideration that he may prepare
for the debate, that alters the case entirely. I
have never known an application of the sort re-
jected. It is always given to a Senator in such a
case. The honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina says that he desires to submit some remarks
to the Senate, and he desires a little longer time
to prepare himself. There are other Senators
who also desire to speak on the subject. This
being the case, I think the consideration of the
subject ought to be postponed. While I am for
proceeding with the consideration of the message
with all reasonable dispatch, I cannot agree to
deny any Senator ample opportunity to prepare
himself. It is a highly important subject, and I
shall be extremely happy to hear the argument of
the Senator of North Carolina upon it. 1 trust,
sir, that we will not withhold that mark of respect
which is due to the Senator and to all Senators.
We should hear their reasons, though 1 admit
that we should not overslaugh it for other pur-
poses. Sir, 1 maintain that we are considering
the subject, and are paying all due respect to
the President, when Senators are preparing them-
selves to discuss the message. I shall now vote
for the longest time—Tuesday week. I see noth-
ing unreasonable in that.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the Senator from
North Carolinadistinctly to indicate, in the firstin-
stance, until suggestions came from other sources,
that he was perfectly prepared to go on on Mon-
day next, or the day after to-morrow; and I have
no doubt, from the consideration which he has
given to the subject, and the consideration which
he can give it within the next two days, with his
promptness and with his habitual manner of de-
liberation upon matters of this kind, the Senator
would give the subject as full a consideration the
day after to-morrow as he would two months
from this time. I would not deny to him, or
to any Senator who asks it, anything like a
courtesy; but I may be permitted to say to the
honorable Senator from Delaware, that, in some
measure, my views upon this subject are influenced
