1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
not know everything that is being done; he does
not have a hand in it; and, therefore, I contend
he cannot charge them with being derelict in their
duty. [Laughter.] I think, sir, the expenditure
for this guard is a wise and properone; and I hope
that r he amendment of the Senator from Iowa will
not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out " Secretary of the interior," and
inserting, " Commissioner of Public Buildings."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If I have the power, I
accept that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I have
never seen any guard here, auxiliary or any other.
I do not know whether they are appointed or
whether they are not appointed,but I am unwilling
to place in the power of the Secretary of the In-
terior, or of the Treasury, or any other man who
is in power here, under the influence of a political
party, the privilege of appoimng the guard—I will
not say the legion of honor and the imperial guard
around the royat person—but the guard that
would belong to the political party in power, and
by which it could have a police and surveillance
and watchmanship, and guardianship over the
men who may be opposed to them in politics. I
think it would lead to perversion and injustice
toward those who shoulu happen not to be in the
favor of the party in power, whoever they may
be.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I named the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, because he is an offi-
cer responsible to us, having charge of a vast
amount of property, for which we are called upon
to vote millions. We have been called upon to
bring water into the city; and one of the argu-
ments used was, that that property might be pro-
tected. I undertake to say that, when this guard
is appointed by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, you vviil hear no Senator rise upon this
floor, and, upon his responsibility, make the
statement which the Senator from Illinois has
made. As to the tirade of the Senator from Ken-
tucky about partisans, allow me to say that theie
is a most singular discrepancy between the prac-
tice when in power and the preachings of that
party to which he belongs; and if there has been
any party in the country which has gone as much
as any other to establish the doctrine that to the
victors belong the spoils, in the face of their asser-
tion that they have rio friends to reward, and no
enemies to punish, it is his party. I have none
of that disregard for party which is manifested by
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who
takes the opportunity to give a side blow to my
amendment. I have partisan politics. Sir, the
Secretary of the Interior, or the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, will know as well the qualifica-
tions of the men to be appointed on this guard as
he does in regard to other officers, when, after
the presidential election, he is called upon to ap-
point a Commissioner, or to decide who will
make proper clerks. Who are they that remove
the clerks and appoint others? Theyarethose
who come in in the exercise of that power; and
in this instance the Commissioner will be familiar
■with his duties, will be familiar with the police of
the city, and will be perfectly competent to make
the appointment.
Mr PEARCE. This is not a party question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Party has nothing to do
with it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think it
is a question of party. I deny that there is any
Whig party or Democratic party. I should like
to have some police here whocouldfind them out.
[Laughter ] I will vote for any police that will
find either of these parties. Now, Mr. President,
I am not in favor of the amendment of my friend
from Iowa, for these plain i easons: I do not mean
by any vote of mine to make the Secretary of the
Interior the captain of police. The amendment
proposes that the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings shall have this power of appointment. I am
unwilling; to impose that upon him. 1 do not
think he is an officer suitable to act as a policeman.
You have established a city here, and have erected
for that city a corporate authority. I think the
corporation is competent to manage its affairs. I
havt- not been here very long, but I am prepared
from two years residence, to say that I believe it
is the best administered city in some respects I
ever saw. Sir, 1 have an argument which is clear
to my mind that the system which we have now
is the best system that we can devise. Why? 1
draw that conclusion from the intimate acquaint-
ance which I have with the habits of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and the Senator from North
Carolina. I say intimate knowledge of their hab-
its; and when they have not seen a policeman for
three years, it is perfectly conclusive that it is a
good police. Anotherargument, in regard to my
friend from Mississippi, is conclusive that they
are always in the performance of their duty. Now,
we understand why it is. The Senators from
Illinois and North Carolina never go out; how
then can they expect to see a policeman ? But
my friend from Mississippi, who stands up for
them, and knows them, sees them, and can see
them whenever he wants to see them.
A Senator. Where does he go?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not know
where he goes. [Laughter.] That is none of my
business; but from my knowledge of the gentle-
men from intimate personal association with them,
I think these policemen have vindicated their
character for vigilance, because they have never
seen the Senatois from Illinois and North Caro-
lina, but, they have constantly seen the Senator
from Mississippi. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, in all seriousness, all I
have to say is, in the name of God, if you have
a corporate authority here, let that corporate au-
thority manage its own affairs, and do not put it
upon the President,or the head of a Department,
to select their officers down to the police, and say
that this man is to be appointed and that man
not. I think they are able to take care of them-
selves.
Mr. PETTiT. I am decidedly in favor of
taking these appointments from the Mayor of the
city, and I think I can show my reasons for it
very briefly. We have taken upon ourselves, or
rather they have been forced upon us, all the ex-
penses of this city. All the public improvements
are made, all the streets are paved, at our ex-
pense. The water-works are made at the expense
of the Government. The police, the auxiliary
police, are paid at the expense of the Govern-
ment. The Government and the city aie part-
ners; and, as a Senator said to me a few moments
ago, we have a very unfortunate or unequal part-
nership with the city. We are the paying part-
ner, the furnishing partner, and the city is the
disbursing partner. When we furnish the money
for the employment of these men, it seems to me
exceedingly proper that we should appoint and
select them by some person whom we designate.
The public money is to be expended to pay these
men, and there is no reason why a public func-
tionary of the United States should not have the
selection of these pensioners, or those to whom
this money is to be paid. I think this city occu-
pies a different position from what Philadelphia,
Baltimore, New York, or other cities occupy.
There they rely upon taxation, upon their own
property and resources, and it is quite proper that
they should have the entire control of their sub-
alterns—the control not only of the appointment
of the chief, but of the subalterns. It is not so
here. This city applies to us to be entirely main-
tained in its expenditures, and it ought not to
complain if we gave it the officers, as we make
the expenditure. Upon every principle this power
of appointment ought to be changed from the
mayor.
Mr. WELLER. I think it must be obvious
to all that it is impossible fo get through with the
bill to-niglu, for the amendment which is now
pending has opened a wide door for discussion;
and I do not know that it will terminate until a
late hour. I have only this remark to make: I
have heard but one Senator say that he has ever
seen any of this Auxiliary Guard, and that was
my friend from M ississippi. Now, I will venture
to say that he never did see any of them, unless
they came to him to apply for an increase of pay.
I ask him whether he ever did see them at any
J other time?
! Mr. ADAMS. They thought they were very
j badly tieuted by the committee of which I have
| the honor of being chairman, in not being provided
I for in the increase of salaries, and they did come ,
! to me. and that is (he only acquaintance I had ,
j with them. [Laughter.] |
i Mr. WELLER. I supposed that to be .the'
case. I have, therefore, a simple motion to make,
and that is, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was lost.
The yeas and nays having been taken on the
amendment of Mr. Dodge, of Iowa, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Atchison, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpatiick, Gwin, Houston, Hunter,
Mallory, Noms, Pettit, Rusk. .Sebastian, Stuart, Walker,
and Weller—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam's, Allen, Badger, Bell, Brodhead,
Chase, Cooper, Evan*, Fess«nde , Fish, Font, Geyer,
Gillette, James, Jonesof Tennessee, Mason, Pearee, Rock-
well,Sitdell, Sumner,Thompson of Kentucky, and Wade
—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to strike out all that
part of the bill which makes any appropriation for
the Auxiliary Guard.
Mr. HUNTER. This Auxiliary Guard was
established in 1842. I have never heard it dis-
puted, until this evening, that it was useful. I
think we ought not to strike out these things
without a little more consideration. The guard
has been'very useful in maintaining the peace and
order of the city; and \ confess I was surprised
to hear the criticism of the Senator from Illinois,
i hope the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana will not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Louisiana point out the clause to which
his amendment applies?
The Secretary read from the bill, "and the
Auxiliary Guard, and the watchmen of the Capi-
tol extension, shall be $750."
Mr. SLIDELL. My amendment is to strike
out the appropriation for the Auxiliary Guard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that has been inserted in the bill by
a vote of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand that
that is the portion of the bill which the Senator
proposes to amend. He moves to strike out the
appropriation for the guard, not the increase of
Pa,fhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the proposition is to strike out the
increase of pay.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; the total pa/.
Mr. SLIDELL. The clause which I move to
amend is the following:
For compensation of the Auxiliary Guard, fuel, and oil
for lamps, §16,400.
I move to strike out that portion which applies
to the compensation of the Auxiliary Guard.
The Secretary read the clause.
Mr. SLIDELL. My amendment will be to
add, "and the Auxiliary Guard is hereby abol-
ished."
Mr. HUNTER Does the Senator propose to
strike out the appropriation for fuel and oil for
lamps }
Mr. SLIDELL. No, sir, I do not propose to
do that; but I have not the means at hand to know
how much of the appropriation to strike out, as
that which relates to the Auxiliary Guard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator from Louisiana
that he should put his amendment in some form.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall prepare it in form,
Mr. CHASE. If there is no question before
the Senate, while the Senator from Louisiana is
preparing his amendment, I will move to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment, relating
to the water-works was adopted. On that motion
I will say all I have to say in a very few words.
This bill has swelled out of all proportion as an
appropriation bill; and I think the friends of
the Administration ought to be thankful to any-
body who makes a motion to reduce, in any de-
gree, the appropriations provided for in it. I
voted for this proposition with a great deal of re-
luctance, upon the understanding that the cities
were to contribute one fourth of the whole ex-
pense of this establishment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. CHASE. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On consultation with the
Senator from Louisiana, we have come to the con-
clusion to let tins guard go over till next winter,
and give them one session to redeem themselves,
if they can do so.
Mr. CHASE. I was saying that I voted upon
it with the understanding that the cities were to
