414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
TheSPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called?
Mr. BENSON. 1 was not, having been called
out by a friend not puvileged one minute before;
and that is the reason why I wish to vote " aye,5*
because my same stands so early on the roll.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
vote by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK introduced a joint resolution,
providing the manner in which naval supples may
be furnished in certain cases therein mentioned;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to state to the House,
that if the resolution just read, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, be approved by that
committee, when it shall be reported to the House
by them, 1 will ask to put it upon its passage, for
particular reasons, which I shall then give to the
House. I make this statement for the purpose
of requesting members to examine it, so that they
may be prepared to act upon it when it shall come
up for consideration,
Mr. FULLER. I have a resolution which I
desire to offer.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The introduction of the res-
olution having been objected to, resolutions are in
order from the State of Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. At the request of
my friend from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] I offer the
resolution which he just now asked consent to
offer.
The resolution was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of printing ten thousand
extra copies of so much of the report of the Secretary ot
the Treasury and accompanying papers as relate* to the
present tariff laws.
Mr. WHEELER. I propose to debate that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will go to the
Committee on Printing, under the rules of the
House, as a matter of necessity.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now offer the resolution
for which I asked the unanimous consent of the
House some minutes ago.
The following resolution was then read, con-
sidered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to tiansmit to this Ilou-e a statement showing the original
cost of each custom-home, including expenditure for ,-ites
as well as for construction and improvements, and that he
also stale the entire expenditure foi the last three years for
salaries and othet items of each ofsaid custom hou?,es; and
that he also state the amount of revenue, collected at each
place during the like period, so arranging Ibc statement as
to enable Coneress to see at what points the expenditures
exceed the returns.
Mr. ASHE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
'Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
stiucted to impute into the expediency of reporung a bill
to the following effect: That tbeeormm^sioneis of the town
of Wilmington, North Carolina, he authorized to levy and
collect a tonnage duty, not exceeding four cents per ton,
upon all vessels not less than sixty tons?, fry the puipo^p of
cleaning out the obstructions in the mouth of Cape Fear;
and that to effect that purpose, the said commissioners he
authorized to pledge the receipts from said tonnage dutv to
pay the interest or principal, or any loan they may effect for
that purpose: Provided, That the Legislature ot North
Carolina, at Us neM session, order and auihoiuo such a
tonnage duly.
Mr. CRA^GE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and nereed to:
Revolved, That the President of Ihe United States, jf no
incompatible with the public inteiest, be lequested to in-
form this Mouse whethei anv Detonations have been opened
by the Government of the United States with the Govern-
ment of Peru, for the removal of the restrictions mipo-rd
by the latter Government upon the expor'ation of guano \
from that country; and if so, what is the present state of \
said negotiations. ]
Mr. COBB. I offer the following resolution;:
and upon it 1 demand the previous question: 1
Retired, That the Committee of Wavs and Means he .
instructed to report hack House bill No. 525, with arecom- \
mend.ition that n do pass, which [imposes to extend the i
Ume of the payment of the duties on laihoad iron, by pay- |
iug six per cent, interest pei annum. i
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I propose j
to debate that resolution. r
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- |
foama has demanded the previous question.
^ Mr. ROBB1NS. Then I move that the resolu-
tion do lie upon the table.
Mr. COBB. On that motion I demand the yeas
and nays; and I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROBB1NS. I call for tellers on my mo-
tion.
Telleis were not ordered.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the Chair cause the reso-
lution to be lead?
The Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. DISNEY. Such a resolution was never
heard of before in a legislative body.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You can instruct
the committee to report the bill back, but you can-
not instruct them as to what recommendation they
shall make.
Mr. COBB. Does the gentleman mean to say
that you cannot instruct a committee to report fa-
vorably on a bill?
Mr. DISNEY. I never heard of such a thing
in my life.
Mr. COBB. It has been done in several cases
—the bounty land bill, for instance.
Mr. DISNEY. Oh.no!
Mr. HAVEN obtained the floor.
Mr. WALSH. Is this matter debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HA VEIN. I rose simply for the purpose
of inquiring if it was debatable, because if it is I
desire to say a few words.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. The
question is on the motion to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question was then put; and,on a division,
there were eighty-six in the affirmative. A further
count was not insisted on.
So the resolution lies upon the table.
I Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, in pursuance of
i previous notice, introduced a bill, which was read
I a first and second time by its title, as follows, re-
j ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
j and ordered to be printed:
j (i A bill for the relief of the representatives of
j Pierre Clermont."
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest,
in reference to the bill which has just been referred,
that it has not been usual to order the printing of
a bill until it has been reported back from the com-
mittee.
Mr. PERKINS. I desire only to pursue the
customary course.
The SPEAKER. If; there be no objection the
order to print the bill will be rescinded.
There was no objection, and the order to print
was rescinded.
Mr. HUNT, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill; which was# read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
"A bill granting to the State of Louisiana the
right of way, and a donation of the public land,
for the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road from Algiers on the Mississippi river to the
Sabine river."
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill; which was read
a first and second time by its tide, as folio ws, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims:
" A bill granting the right of preemption to set-
tlers upon the public land known as the ' Maison
Rouge grant.' "
Mr. DUNHAM. In my judgment the bill
should be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BALL offered the following resolution;
which was read, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to repoit to this House the names of the different
pert-orH, who, -nice the 4th of March, anno Domini 1853,
have drawn fiotn the TreaMirv of the United States any >
compensation, either as outfit or salary, f0r services as min- j
inters, phitnpnieniiaries, charge d'affaires, or secretaries of !
legation at foieign porN, specifying particularly the amount '
paid to each respectively, the date of payment thereof, and i
the duration ot their residence at the courts to which they I
were commissioned." |
Mr. OLDS. I move the following resolution. ]
Rp<.r>hcd, That fifteen hundred extra copies ol the Po=t- i
master Geneial's Annual Report be printed, for the use of
the Post Office Department.
Mr. OLDS. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes to that
committee, under the rule, without motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move the following resolu-
tion, and ask the previous question:
Resolve?!, Tl*af flie Committee on Military Affairs! be in-
structed to inquire into th * expediency of changing the Mte
of the military asylum, near the city of Washington, riorn
its present location, to the estate of Mount Vernon, or a
part thereof, if the same can be purchased at a reasonable
price; and that ihe said committee al>o inquire and report
to thi< House the original cost of the present site of said
asvlum, the quantity of land contained therein, and the
amount expended in improvements up to this date; and
that they report to tins House, by bill or otherwise.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted,
Mr. SAPP, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, as fol-
lows, and referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary:
"A bill declaratory of the second section of the
act of Congress, approved February 3, 1853, enti-
tled 'An act t# continue half pay to certain widows
and orphans.'"
Mr. GREY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, as fol-
lows, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
" A bill granting, to the State of Kentucky pub-
lic lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in that State."
Mr. PRESTON. I beg to offer the following
resolution, and 1 ask the indulgence of the House
for one second to make a statement. Under recent
decisions of the courts forgeries of land warrants
have not been deemed to have been provided for;
and persons who have committed such forgeries
have escaped punishment. I hold in my hand
some land warrants, the assignments to which
have been forged, and f am advised, by the appro-
priate Department, that the United States iaws at
present afford no remedy by which new warrants
can be issued to persons who have been deprived
of their rights under these warrants. It strikes
me, Mr. Speaker, that the United States should be
in the same position as a bank on which foigeries
are committed, and which is still responsible. I
therefore ask to refer to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary the resolution which I now introduce,
together with papers which I hold in my hand,
containing evidence of the fact in the cases of Lewis
Pelden and Frederick Walzinger, with a view
that the committee may report a bill to supply the
deficiency in the law.
The Clerk read theresolution,as follows :
Refolded, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law
for the proper punishment of persons who may forge as-
signments of land warrants, or other instruments of writing
affecting the rights of peisons entitled to bounty lands
under various laws of the United Slates in relation there-
to; and also to ptovule foi the is<-ue of new warrant- vvhne
the warfants have been wrongfully issued to persons not
entitled to lands, or whete land-* have been located or pat-
ent, d to persons not entitled thereto, and without the neg-
ligence or wrongful act of the persons justly entitled to
such bounty lands.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky also moves that certain papers be referred
to that committee. Shall it be so ordered ?
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing lesolution:
Resolved. That a special committee of seven members
be appointed by the Speaker to inquire and report to this
Houm- whethei the appointment of military officer* to sn-
peimtend the manufacture of fnearms at the national ar-
mones, the construction of light houses, woiksof n'verand
| harbor impiovement, the building of custom-houses arid
: po^t offices, the construction of water woiKs for the cities
| ot Washington and Georgetown, the extension of the United
• States Capitol, and the survey and management of works
] ot internal improvement by the States, is compatible with
1 the public interest, and consistent -\vitb the nature; and
j chaiaeterof our civil government; that said committee also
j inquire and report to tiu'c Mouse how many of the^p mii
! itary officeis, in civil emplovment, are, mtiWted with the
' disbursement of the puhhc funds without bond and securifv
and to what extent they have been allowed to make tun-
tiacts and purchase materials for the public u-e without the
usual advertisement, and how their accounts are -settled nt
the public Treasuiy; that s.iid committee ftnihP} inquire
whether the present embarrassment of the Engineer De
partment, for want of officers, complained of m the annual
repoit of the colonel of the eoips, not occn-jon.'d bj the
withdrawal of s,nd officii from then proper duties, and
their employment in civil services ; and whether it i<* expe-
dient, under the circnnist nces, to grant an increase of said
corps; and that said committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers.
