1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
genera) incidental expenses, by the Indian agent in that
Tetntory, as lie may think proper: Provided, That said
agent shall, under no circumstances, receive any addi-
tional compensation therefor
That tin- .Senate do recede from ith seventh, seventy- ,
third, eightieth, and eisihty-^eoond amendments.
That the Hoa-e of Representatives concur in the sixty-
*>eventh amendment of the Senate, with the following
amendment*:
After the word "rendered," in the fourth line of the
amendment of the Senate, insert the words u within or
upon any Indian territory;" and in the same line, strike
out the word* (C in cases," and in lieu thereof insert " lor
medical or manual services, or in cases of humanity."
And that the House of Representatives do recede from
their disagreement to the tenth amendment of the Senate,
and agree thereto.
JAS. ALFRED PEARCE,
S. ADAMS,
W. K. SE15ASTIAN,
Manager'} on the pari of the Senate.
GEO. S. Hons vox,
S. G. H W'E\',
LI ALUS 11A A. GROW,
Jlunagcj s on the pui t oj the House.
Mr. PEARCE. i should liketo have ihe unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider this now.
1 will give such explanations as may be necessary
in regard to the report.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have some
explarm'ion of the report.
Mr. PEAROE. 1 shall make very brief ex-
planations of the different recommendations. The
first amendment of the Senate was to insert in the
bill the following provisos:
Provided* That the President may, from time to time, in
his discretion, leuiove fir change the location of any of the
superintendence now nr hereafter to be established by
law: Jiud provided further, That whenever tiie President
nmv order the tiansfer of the duties of Mipenriteudent of
Indian affairs from the Governor of the Territory of Min-
nesota, the salary of said Governor shall thereafter be
§2,500 per annum.
The House struck out the second, and the com-
mittee lecomrnend that the Senate recede from it.
The House were fixed in their determination not
to allow it. The President may, in his discretion,
separate those duties, and they were unwilling to
make this provision in anticipation of action by
him.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
insert:
For pay of five Indian -nib-agents for California, at an an-
nual ssiUiv of £l,d<)0 each, :*7.i>UU.
For pay of four Indian sub-agents in Oregon Territory,
at .m annual salary ol ;${,0(H) each, j$4,U0U.
The amendment of the House to it was to strike
out " five," and insert " three," and decrease the
total of salaries accordingly from $7,500 to $4,500.
There ate but three settlements of Indians there,
and three sub-agents. The committee recommend
the Senate to concur in the House amendment.
The amendment of the House to the fifty-ninth
amendment of the Senate is merely verbal. The
Senate amendment was to insert: I
For payment to the VVinneh.igo nation of Indians of eer
tain unexpended balances of appropriations under various j
tieaties, on account ot annuities, education, provisions, ,
goods, &e , yl0.0u4 69.
The Houp-e amended it by putting 15 in full" af~ ;
ter " payment." The committee recommend a !
concurrence in that. '
The sixty-eighth Senate amendment was to j
insert; j
For defraying the expenses of continuing thp removal I
and -njb-Mence of Indians in California, three military res
ervations, in accordance with the plan submitted by the
superintendent of Indian affaiis- of tiiat State, and approv- d
by the President, the sum or $200,000: Prowled, 'i'hat no
portion of this amount shall be paid over to the piesent su-
perintendent of Indian affair-*, until he fshall account satis-
factorily for the amount already drawn byhinioutof for-
mer appiopriations. And that, hereafter, no more than
$-.><1,0110 shall be drawn bv tiie said superintendent, or be in
his hands unexpendt'd at one and the same lime: And pro
vuled, The --nb agents created by this act s-hall he appointed
by the superintendent, subject to continuation by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, not lo exceed one (or e< uh re «r\a-
tion, nor three in all, said reservations to contain not less
than five nor more than ten thousand acres; and the said
superintendent is authorized to apply, out of the sum
hereby appiopnated, not exceeding $05,000 m the extin-
guishment of conflicting titles and right? to said reserved
lands at a price not exceed'ng £1 2o per acrc. for a valid
and indefeasible title ro the laud «•<> pmchased: And pro-
vided,, The Slate of California shall cede the necte^rtry
jurisdiction in s^uch cases with legard to the land so pur-
chased.
The House amended it by striking out the
words:
That no portion of this amount shall be paid over to
the present sup-Minteiident of Indian affair, until he shall
account satisfactorily for the amount already dt&wxi by
iiim out of former appropriations.
They propose to strike that out because the
superintendent, to whom it especially referred,
has been superseded, and another now holds the
office. The committee recommend a concurrence
in that.
Then they propose that the Senate agree to the
House amendment to our eignty-first amendment,
which is merely verbal. As it passed the Senate,
it read:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to .settle and pay the claims* oil lile
for re.sei vatrons, and for rer.Us and impiovements, under the
thiiteenth anil Hxteenth articles of the Cherokee treaty of
2Uth ot Decembci, 1835, in pursuance of the stipulations
ot the third article ol the treaty ot August 8, 1846, the  utn
heretofore appiopnated f/>r those puiposeg, and earned to
the Mirplus fund, is hereby reappropriated.
The House amended it so as to make it read:
That to enable the Secretary of the Interior to settle and
pay the awauU of commissioner?, on lile lor reservations,
piuempuous, and tor lents and impi ovements, under the
twelith, ilm teenth, arid sixteenth aiucles ol tin; Chuiokuti
treaty ot 29Ui ot December, 18.1), m puisuance of the stip-
ulation*. of the third aiucle ot the treaty ot Augu>t 8,
ttic sum heietoloie appropriated toi those purpose, ami
carried to the suiplus fund, is hereby reappropnated.
The committee recommend a concunence in
that.
Mr. HUNTER. J hope, by general consent,
the Senate will dispense with particular explana-
tions, and let us have the vote. The House has
agreed to the iepoit.
The report ot the committee was concurred in.
The other points of difference between the two
Houses were the following:
The fourteenth amendment of the Senate was
to insert:
For expenses of the transportation of the first of ten
installments of goods, provisions, and agricultural nnple
merits, stipulated m the mxUi article ol the treaty ot die
21th ot July. 18.33, $5,000; Provided. That the goods,
pro\wojis, and agricultural implements which may be
purchased and transported, out of any moneys heieby
appropriated, shall not be dehveied until the said tribes of
Indians shall have assented to the amendments oi tin- Sen-
ate ot the United States to the said ireaiy, on account ol
winch they ait; ptocurcd.
The House amended it by adding the follow-
ing:
Delawares.— For tiie expenses of surveying the land?, as
provided in tiitj second aiticle of ihe treaty of the 7til of
May, l&VL *11,HO 95.
Foi the first of eight equal installments for payment of
five chiefs, per third and sixth articles, ot the treaty ot the
6th of May, 1854, ,9l,vi50.
For the first of two installments per fouith article of the
tieaty of the 6th oi May, lb.">4, ,^7-1,ouo.
Foi the purchase ot lour sections ot land for the Chris-
tian Indians, per thirteenth aiticle of the treaty of the (itli
ot May, 1854, §b,4ul).
For payment, undei the dueetion of the President of the
CJinied Slates, the suniol >.">,G0J: Piovtdtd, Tnaithe saul
Christian Indians shall relieve the United States from all
claims or demands Jor hinds or mom y ansjng under the
thud and toiirth aificles the aL'ieemeju of the 8lh of No-
vemhei, 18-23, mad*- with said Indians, the pay mem of $6,4(10
and §5,<>00, as above piovided, being in lieu thereof, and in
lull consideration oJ the same.
IotvtL-i.—For the expenses of f-urveying, as provided in
the third article of the tieaty of the 17ih of May, 1854,
§i,98? 5>U.
For the pay merit of a portion of the #lf>7,5O0 duo the
lowas, under rh<- second clause of the second auieln of ihe
treaty ot the L9th ol October, 1838, to be applied .is an
agncuhut.d lund, per ninth article of the treaty of the 17tli
of May, lt*54. J\ov>ded, That the appropriation
herein"made •• lor inn rest on ^!57,5u<), at five per ee.ninin,
stipulated in the second article ot the treaty of the llJth of
Oetober, 18 be reduced to the sum ot *375
For the payment in consideration of removal to their res-
ervation, and ol a release ot all claims per twelfth aiticle
ol the tieaty of the 17th ol May, 1851, .$5,000.
KiUcapuo*.—Foi the expt nsi s of sinleainn ihe reservation
provided in the first article of the treaty ol the l^tb ol May,
1854, and for surveying and marking the exteilor hues of
ihe same,$1,000.
For the ti^t installment of interest at five per centum on
$100,000 for education, pet second article of the treaty of
the 18th of May, 1854, .vft.oOO.
For the payment of tins sum as the first installment in
money, per second article ot the tieaiv of the 18rh ot May,
1854,.>-25,000.
For the payment for improvements and the expenses of
appiaisin_f the s-arneon the land ceded, per fourth article of
the treaty of the 18th May, 1554, §l5.0ou.
For removal and subsidence, and in consideration of a
release of all claims, pe.i eighth article of the treaty of the
I htli of May, 1«54, $os) ono
Sue* and Foxes of Missouri.—For expenses of selecting
1 the reseivihot! piovided tor m the first arueieof the treaty
i of the ISrli of May, 1354, and for surveying and marking
I the cxtenor lines ol the same, ,$"i00.
1 For the ftist of four installm  nt- per second article of the
treaty of the 18th of Mav, K>54, .-£15,000.
For lemovat and subswrenc# , and in >a!i-fictmn of all
claims and demand-^ per sixth article of the treaty of the
18th of May, 1854, k5,"Oo.
For defiay n,ir the c.\|U ibe^ of the Cief k delegation now
in the ciiy "of Washington, and with whom a treaty has
lately been concluded, $1,139 55.
| The committee recommend the Senate to con-
. cur in the amendment of the House, with amend-
! ments to correct the phraseology of it.
1 The seventy-fourth amendment of the Senate
j was to insert the following:
! Sfc. 3. Jind be it father enacted, That the President
i he authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the
j Senate, to appoint a superintendent of Indian affairs for the
i Territory of Utah, who shall receive an annual salary of
1 $'2,000, and whose duty it shall be to exercise a general
; superintendence over all the Indian tribes in Utah, and to
1 exercise and perform a!l the powers and duties assigned by
| law to other superintendents of Indian affairs.
The House disagreed to it; and the' committee
recommend the Senate to recede from it.
The seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate was
to insert:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further ennrted, That sn mnch of the
act to establish the territorial government of Utah, appi overt
the 9th of September, 1850, a* requires the Governor of
said Territory to perform the. duties of superintendent of
Indian affair*, and authorizes him to receive a salary
therefor, in addition to the salary allowed for his servi-
ces as Governor, be repealed, and that the Governor of
said Territory shall hereafter receive an annual salary of
#2,500.
The House disagreed to it; and the committee
recommend the Senate to recede from it, and sub-
stitute in its place the following:
JJnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is berebv, authorized, if, in his judgment,
the public interest will be promoted thereby, to came to
be disbursed such moneys as are appropriated in this act
for the Utah Indians, either under treaty stipulations, or
for general incidental expenses, by the Indian agents in
that Terrtioiy, as he may think proper: Provided, That
said agent shall, under no circumstances, receive any ad-
ditional compensation theretor.
The amendments from which the committee
recommend the Seriate to recede were the foiiow-
mg:
No. 7, to insert:
For salary of five Indian agents, of the second cla^s, ac-
cording to exi-uina laws, at the rate, In future, of $500 each
l^ranmim, $J,500.
No. 73, to insert:
For a clerk to the superintendent of Indian affair® in the
Territory ofWashineton. $I,-800 ; and for a clerk to ih* su-
perintendent of [rtdian affairs hi the Territory of New Mex-
ico, -51,0(10 ; to be allowed in the discretion of the Secre-
tary of the Intenor.
No. 80, to insert:
Sfc. 9 Jind be it further enarte-l, That the President bet
and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the a^ent of the
Indian trihe«, respectively, to he obtained nt due form, to en-
ter mlotn atii's with the various f ndmn mbes. to rede* tn and
extinguish the perpetual annuities,nr the pnvmcntofinterest
perpetually upon sumsofmonev required mheheld intrust,
or invested in stocks, by either paying to said tribes the par
vahi'i or equivalent of the said annuities and perpeuul in-
terest, either m whole or m annuuie-*, for a term ot years, as
he, in his judgment, may deem mo&t advantageous to the
; Indians, respectively.
! No. 82, to insert:
1 Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted. That, forth*' payment
nf the balance ofj,er c.apxta due the Cherokee Indians resi-
ding in ihe States east of the Mississippi river, under the
treaty of 1835, and supplemental treaty of May, 1836, accord-
ing to the stipulation of the tenth artietc of Uie <re;ity of
Auyust 8, I8-IB, the «umof §92,025 18* Pion-lpd, That the
same shall be reimbursed from the <ums of money hereafter
to be paid to the WeMem Cherokei s, in such manner and
in such amounts as the President of the United States may
direct
The sixty-seventh amendment of the Senate to
which the House disagreed, was to add to the fol-
lowing section;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no existing pro-
visions of law, prescribing the manner iri which payment
«h.dt be made to Indians, shitII be so construed as to iepcal
or contravene, the seventeenth section of an «ef entitled
1 l( An act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and tn preserve peace on the frontiers," approved
| June, 30, 1834.
; the words:
Or to prohibit the payment of anycirumoi claims (oilier
. than those of agents or attorneys for claims) for I,ova fide
services rendeied to any Indian tribe, in cases where the
President mav adjudge such service necessary, and the
j. claim or claims therefor just and reasonable.
| The committee recommend the House to con-
j! cur in the amendment with amendments, so as to
make it read:
ji Or to prohibit the payment of any claim or claims
(other than those of agem* or attorneys fot claims) for bona
fide services rendered within or upon any Indian territoiy,
to the Indian tribes, tor medical or manual services, or in
ca>es of humauitv.
The tenth amendment of the Senate to which
the House disagreed, but from which disagiee-
merit ihe committee recommend, them to i;ecede 
was to insert:
