1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
come open to settlement by the whole people of
the United States. Am I right, or am i wrong ?
You are wrong, may say the man who wishes to
exclude every southerner; but you are right", I
think would say every candid man, if you shall
ever wish to go to thoseTerritories on equal terms
under the laws of your country. This is a very
adroit way by which we may be excluded from
these Territories. Not that all, or many, of the
old advocates of the homestead bill have in view
such a result as this—by no means; but there are
many of its present advocates that rejoice in the
bill for this very feature; and if those advocates
shall secure its passage now, and can success-
fully resist the territorial bills, even by adroitness
and unfairness, which it is openly proclaimed will
and shall be used, so as to defeat, or at any rate
to delay, the same for two or three years, they
will, practically and effectually; and they feel
and know it, have effected their great and most
highly cherished object. It is absuid, and 1
think it even pitiful, to ask any member of this
Congress who represents a southern constituency
to do a thing like this. 1 do not think it even
conveys a consideration of passing respect for his
intelligence or his honesty to his own people, to
attempt to argue him to a step like this. Now,
sir, if gentlemen wish to give their votes on the
homestead bill so anxiously, and that purely with
a desire to give homes to the homeless, and not with
a wish to use the measure as a political engine, let
them bear with this thing with a little patience, and
allow us to know what js to be the course of events
affecting our rights in collateral matters. And 1
ask that gentlemen will not get up, and assume at
once that it is adroitness (by which I ever under-
stand that there is something of concealment) that
is going to do this thing; or get up and assume
that the bill has rights of precedence in this body
which no other bill can have in comparison with
it. I have presented, 1 think, but a lair view of
the matter, a view which certainly will not be
classed among the movements adroit. The bill
has no right here better or greater than any other
bill whatever; and I shall simply cast my vole m
reference to it, and to collateral matters m accord-
ance with my own judgment of my duty to my
own people.
Mr. GWfN. The argument of the Senator
from Arkansas m contrasting the homestead with
the Nebuiska bill seems to mo to be adroit, and 1
use the term with perfect respect to him. I want,
it understood in advance, that J intend to press
the homestead bill in every parliamentary manner
that I can,from this time forward. 1 intendtodo
it with perfect respect to every member of this
body; and with the determination, so far ay 1 am
concerned, to pass the hill. Now, sir, the Senator
has made an appeal to the whole southern Sena-
tors agamst this measure, because, he says, until
the Nebraska biil shall be passed, the inhabitants
of the southern States will have none of the privi-
leges of settlement in the Nebraska Tenitoiy,
under the homestead bill. If the Senator had only
read the homestead bill, he would have ascertained
one important fact that knocks his argument in
the head. The homestead hill applies to no other
lands than those that are subject to sale at private
entry. Now there is not one'footof land surveyed
* in Nebraska or Kansas; nor will there be for many
years to come.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was not a foot sur-
veyed in California, and yet the State settled
up.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the State of Cal-
ifornia has had the privilege of preemption onun
surveyed lands expended to her citizens. The
homestead bill applies only to public lands sub-
ject to sale at private entry. Those are thewords
of the bill. We all know the*t to be the language
of the bill. We know there is not a foot of laud
surveyed in Nebraska or Kansas, and there is no
prospect, for years to come, of any of the lands
there being subject to sale at private entry: and,
therefoie, they ure not opeu to the provisions of
the homestead bill.
Now, in regard to the consideration of this bill,
in reference to other questions, I do not think it
ought to have a bearing upon the Senate. Let it be
examined on its merits. If it is a proper bill to pass,
let us pass it. If there be a majority of the body
in favurof it, let that majority take it up. If there
be a majority in favor of passing the House bill,
of course wc can pass it, and we will do so. If
there be a majority in favor of a substitute, of
course that substitute will be properly considered
and passed. All that I ask is, that it may come
up, and be acted upon either favorably or other-
wise. I shall submit to the will of the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I think the
honorable Senator from California is entirely cor-
rect in the assumption that those who vote against
taking up the homestead bill are opposed to it; and
1 will vote against taking up the bill for that very
reason. We had an intimation a few days ago,
that the presidential veto had afforded us the best
opportunity which has occurred of late years, for
discussing our entire policy with reference to the
public lands; and it is intimated that we are to
have that discussion. I, for one, am unwilling to
have it indirectly, when we may have it directly.
If we take up the homestead bill, I see not when
we are to reach that discussion. And, Mr. Pres-
ident, I cannot recognize the idea that this bill
possesses any peculiar claim to the consideration
of the Senate above all other bills now before us.
Why, sir, an entire review of your judiciary sys-
tem, demanded by every portion of this country,
and every man in it, has been had by the Judici-
ary Committee, and their bill was made the special
order for last Monday, but it has not yet been con-
sidered. Has the homestead bill any peculiar
claims over that judiciary question, when your
Supreme Court judges, under the existmgsystem,
are worked to death, and with all their powers
strained, are unable to attend to the wants of the
country ?
While [ am up, sir, I will say that there is a
prospect before us of getting a wise and judicious
bill for the graduation of the price of the public
lands. There are lands in my State, which have
been in the market ever since they were first sur-
veyed, which will not now bring twelve and a
half cents per acre; still those lands are held up
at the Government price without the remotest
chance of settlement, a dead weight to the pros-
perity of the State; and 1 shall cheerfully vote at
any time to give preference to any of these grad-
uation bills, whether they come from the House,
or are introduced here, before the homestead bill
is taken up.
Mr. RUSK. I will vote against taking up the
homestead bill now; but protest against the rule
laid down that the friends of it. must rally, take it
up at any time and at all times, whether there be
any othei business hefote the Senate or not. I
stand, perhaps, in a different position from others.
I do not like to force a good thing on others,
whether they will or not, before they have bad
time to consider it; but 1 shall vote, for a veiy
substantial reason,against taking up that bill this
morning. 1 do not want to be misunderstood. I
am m favor of the principle of a homestead bill.
I have not examined the one which is before us
thoroughly, to see whether it commends itself to
my judgment. But, at the same time, we have
the Indian appropriation bill before us. It is
partly concluded. We have gone on with it for
some time; and if we take up an entirely new
subject, what we have done upon the Indian ap-
propriation bill will pass as having been done for
almost nothing.
The manner in which we have usually passed
the general appropriation bills is familiar to every
member of the Senate. Nearly all of them have
been thrown into the last nights of the session,
and the result has been that they have always
passed defectively. Then, what is the first thing
that comes up, upon the assembling of a new ses-
sion of Congress here? If is a deficiency bill.
And what is the reason of that5 It is because
there has not been sufficient consideration given
to the annual appropriation bills. The Indian
appropnatian bill is now here before us in time;
we can act upon it. It will take but a day or two
longer to complete it. The principal part of it
has been done, and we can soon finish it. 1 think
it is a bill that demands our attention. However
friendly 1 may be to the homestead bill, I think
there is ample justification for me when I vote to
give to the Indian appropnation lull the preference
over any other measure. I believe that that bill
contains provisions for Indians in my State, as
well as for some m California; and within a few
days the mail has brought us the intelligence of a
murder having been committed within less than
twenty miles of a city of Texas, containing eight
thousand inhabitants.
Mr. GWIN. I will ask the Senator from
Texas if a dollar of the money appropriated by
that bill can be used until the first of July, if the
bill should pass to-morrow?
Mr. RUSK. I will answer that by stating
what 1 believe. If you take up the homestead
bill, if you take up the Pacific railroad bill, and
the President's veto, and discuss them, that bill
will not be reached until the first of July; but as
soon as it is disposed of then there is a rival, a
very formidable rival to these other measures, out
of their way. We have gone half way through
with it, and I shall vote to take it up and proceed
with it, until we get through with it. I do it
against a favorite measure of mine. I stand, as
I said before, in perhaps a different position from
others. My State cannot be affected by the pro-
visions of the homestead bill. 1 do not avow my
hostility to that bill. I have no particular inter-
est to press it before any other business; but 1 am
willing to give it a fair opportunity. I feel favor-
ably disposed towards the principle of it; but it
seems to me that as we have the Indian appro-
priation bill before us, we ought to get clear of
it,as it is matter of importance to carry it through.
It is necessary to carry out treaty stipulations.
It is a matter of importance, so far as my State is
concerned, because the action taken under it, as
soon as it passes, will, in my judgment, give us
peace on the frontier.
Mr. BELL. If the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance [Mr. Hunter] will state
to the Senate that it is important that the Indian
appropriation bill should be passed immediately,
I will vote against the proposition to take up the
homestead bill. But unless that be the fact, unless
it be all-important to the public interests that it be
taken up immediately, 1 shall vote to take up the
homestead bill. I have deliberated somewhat m
my own mmd whether, under the circumstances,
it is the proper time to take up that bill; but I con-
fess, from what 1 have heard from honorable
members this morning, that I cannot repress my
curiosity to hear what Senators will say upon the
homestead bill. One of the most experienced
Senatorsin the body this morning announced that,
although he concurred with the President m the
doctnnes of the veto message on the bill granting
lands for the benefit of the indigent insane, yet he
has no idea that the principle of that veto applies
to the homestead bill.
I wish to have the subject taken up, so that
honorable Senators may have the opportunity to
express themselves upon it. I wish to hear their
views for my own benefitand instruction. I wish
to know what is the new process of reasoning, or
what are the new inventions in regard to the con-
struction of the Constitution of the United States,
which have got hold of the minds of honorable
Senators, by which they are enabled to discrim-
inate between the principle of the veto message as
applicable to the bill granting lands for the indi-
gent insane, and as applicable to the ground on
which the homestead bill rests. I wish to know
on what ground they pretend, or say,—I will not
use the word pretend, because theyare, no doubt,
honest,-—that one is constitutional, and the other
clearly not.
I think that, upon another ground, there is a
propriety m taking up the homestead bill, unless
it be important that the Indian appropriation bill
should be passed immediately. Necessarily the
arguments applicable to the veto message will be
urged, particularly by those gentlemen who are
opposed to the homestead bill, against that Lill.
It will be, in effect, taking up this morning the
consideration of the doctnnes involved in that veto
message; and it will be taking them up in a way
which, I think, will be advantageous to the Senate
and to the country. We cannot proceed to the
consideration of those questions too soon. Many
Senators cannot—I know that I cannot, for one—
leceive light and information too early upon the
subject. Discussion will necessarily go on, to
some extent, upon the constitutionality of the
homestead bill, according to the principles of the
veto message; and, in eifect, it will be taking up
the veto message this morning. We want all the
light on that subject that we can get. I did design,
myself, to say something upon the veto message
at the proper time. I confess that the most de-
sirable preparatory step with me would be, to hear
the arguments of honorable, distinguished, and
able Senators, who may attempt to discriminate,
