416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14.
ThomasDavis, Dean, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunham,
Eastman, Edmands, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Florence,
Fuller, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Hastings,
Haven, Hihbard,Hiester, Hillyer, Ingersoll, Daniel T.Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Mc-
culloch, Macdonald, MeNair, Macy, Matte&on, Maurice,
Mcacham, Middieswarth. Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrison,
Murray, Packer, Peck, Peekham, Pennington, Pratt, Prin-
gle, David-Riichie, Robbins, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Simmons,
Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Stratton, Straub, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge,Walker, Walsh,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zolli-
coft'er—8U.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Alien, Ashe, TWioma«! H.
Bayly, Bissell, Bocock, Breckinridge, Campbell, Chase
Chastain, Clark, Clingman, Cobb,Craige, Cuilom,JohnG.
Davis, De Witt, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Ellison, Etheridge, Giddings, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Hendricks, Henn, Hunt, Johnson, Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kerr. Knox,Lane,Latham, Lindsley,McMul-
lin, McQueen, Millson, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Phillips, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Ruffin, Sapp, Shaw, George W.
Smyth, Snodgrasfe, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Ste-
vens, Andrew Stuart, Upham, Wade, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, and Wheeler—$3.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vote last taken, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which, latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. BALL offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed t^ :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be, and hereby
is, instructed to inquire whether any legislation is necessary
to enable the United States to receive back motley advanced
for services thereafter to be performed, when the individual
to whom the advance is made fails to perform the services;
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WELLS. I would inquire of the Chair,
before that motion is put, whether all the States
have been called through for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
twenty minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 14, 1854.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to the resolution of the 31st of January,
calling for a statement of the amounts of money
which have been allowed and paid under the acts
of 26th of June 1834, and 29th of May, 1836, to
the owners of several vessels sunk for the defense
of the harbor of Baltimore; which, on the motion
of Mr. Pearce, was ordered to iie on the table,
and be printed for the use of the Senate.
SENATE DERATES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a communication from Mr. Robert Arm-
strong, proprietor of the Washington Union, sur-
rendering his contract to report and publish the
debates of the Senate.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Printing.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. The communication from
Robert Armstrong, asking to be relieved from his
contract, has been referred to the Committee on
Printing. My attention has been drawn to the
subject, and I have no doubt, that unless we take
some action in regard to the printing of our re-
ports, there may be some embarrassment to those
who do them. I therefore present the resolution
which I hold in my hand, and ask that it may be
considered by unanimous consent, and referred to
the same committee:
Resolved, That John C. Rives, the printer of the debates
for the two Houses, furnish to the Senate the same number
of copies of the debates and proceedings as are now fur-
nished to the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
It requires unanimous consent to consider the res-
olution at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; and 1 ask for that
unanimous consent, so that the resolution may be
referred to the Committee on Printing. At the
proper time I shall give the reasons for it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jer-
sey, praying a further appropriation for the com-
pletion of the piers at Reedy Island; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against the passage of any
bill which will permit the introduction of slavery
now, or at any future period, into the Territory of
Nebraska; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Captain James Purvis, captain
in the Virginia continental line, praying commuta-
tion pay and bounty lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. I have three petitions, ad-
dressed to the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, of which I will state the substance. The
petitioners respectfully request that in the organi-
zation of Nebraska,orany other Territory bylaw,
the principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in the States and Territories recognized
by the legislation of 1850, commonly called the
compromise measures, may be adhered to; so that
it may neither be legislated into, nor excluded from,
any Territory, but left to the disposition of the
people of the Territory, subject only to the pro-
visions and intent of the Constitution. These
three memorials are all in the same language; and
as the subject-matter is now pending before the
Senate, 1 move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Onondaga county, New York, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill, in its present form,
to organize the Territory of Nebraska; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, re-
monstrating against the ratification of any treaty
by which it is proposed to establish an interna-
tional copyright between the United States and
Great Britain; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, praying that a grant of
land be made to aid in the construction of the
Mobile and New Orleans railroad, and ail other
railroads now in progress in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Fitchburg and its vicinity, Massachusetts,
praying a reduction in the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of the Mayor
and council, and other citizens of Sandusky, Ohio,
praying that the prohibition of slavery north of
36° 30', contained in tfie Missouri compromise,
may not be repealed; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. EVERETT presented the memorial of
Eliza G. Townsend. praying a pension on account
of the services of her late husband, Major David
S. Townsend; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of officers of
the Army stationed at Fort Myers, Florida, pray-
ing that the commutation price of the Army ration
may be increased; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Thomas
D. Jervey, deputy collector of the port of Charles-
ton, praying an increase of salary; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey,
praying a further appropriation for the completion
of the herbor at Port Penn, on the Delaware;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Harriet D. P. Baker, widow, and the children
of John M. Baker, late Consul at Rio de Janeiro,
praying compensation for diplomatic services al-
leged to have been performed by her husband,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of E. Ritchie Dorr, late
United States Consul at Buenos Ayres, praying
compensation for diplomatic services alleged to
have been performed by him, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill to provide
for the execution, by the courts of the United
States, of commissions to take testimony issuing
from the courts of justice of friendly nations, re-
ported it back with sundry amendments.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by M.r. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles G. Ridgely be with"
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
CAPE FEAR RIVER.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
further appropriation for the improvement of the
Cape Fear river, North Carolina.
It was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is proposed by this bill to appropriate the sum
of $140,000 for the year ending 30th June, 1855,
to be expended under the superintendence of the
Secretary of War, for the continuation of the im-
provement of the Cape Fear river, North Carolina,
at or near its communication with the ocean. It
is also proposed to appropriate the further sum of
$60,000*, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
to refund to the citizensof Wilmington, North Car-
olina, the amounts contributed by them to that im-
provement, and expended thereon by the agent of
the United States in charge of the work.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from North Carolina, if the bill has
been reported from the Committee on Commerce,
and is in accordance with an estimate from the
Department?
Mr. BADGER. I will state to my friend that
the bill has not been reported, for it was not re-
ferred to the committee. It was a subject perfectly
understood by the Senate, and my friend at the
head of the committee thought there was no neces-
sity for a reference.
Mr DODGE, of Iowa. Then I rise to express
my entire approbation of the course of the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina in reference to
this matter. It is a course which I intend to pur-
sue in regard to a subject of very great interest to
the State from which I come. It is proper and
right in itself that each of these bills should stand
on its own merits, without being connected with
any other. I shall vote for the bill with great
pleasure.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading* was read a third time, and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill " to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
; American citizens, for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801;"
the question being on ordering it to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. PETT1T. Mr. President, when this bill
was postponed last week I had the floor, and de-
signed saying a few additional words upon it,and
but few. I will now, with the indulgence of the
Senate, proceed to say them; premising, however,
that they shall be short. I had nearly concluded
my remarks; and I am now admonished, by the
appearance of the desk of the Senator fromTexas,
[Mr. Houston,] that he is prepared for his great-
est and most decisive battle; having before him a
[ greater battery and stronger fortifications than he
ever used on any former occasion.
Mr. President, I wish to say in reference to this
i bill, and to the claimants for whose relief it is
intended, that prior to the remarks which I made
last week upon it, I had never seen an original
claimant for indemnity for these spoliations, or
one who was such by succession, and I had never
seen an agent, or attorney, or factor, for one of
these claimants in my life. I could not, therefore,
1 be supposed to be influenced by any outside con-
: sideration, or any other feeling than that which
springs from the merits of the question itself.
Having said this much, I propose to conclude my
remarks by asking and answering a few questions.
First, I wish to ask, are all Governments, as
such, bound by their duty to their citizens and
