1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
For erecting buildings for Indian agents in Washington
Territory, ยง5,000.
The report having been concurred in, the bill
is finally passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned at seven o 'clock,
p. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 28, 1854.
, Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
BOMBARDMENT OF SAN JUAN.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That thePrcsident of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all the information
in his possession respecting the bombardment of Greytown
or San Juan de Nicaragua, by Captain Hollins, in com-
mand of the United Slates ship Cyane, with copies of all
orders or instructions, if any, given by the Executive to
said Hoihns m relation thereto.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a certified copy of the register of
"heads of families" entitled to life estate reser-
vations under the Cherokee treaties of 1817 and
1819; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Also., u message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, the fourth meteorological
report of Professor Espy; which was read, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Frances C. Elliott, widow of the late Captain J. D.
Elliott, United States Navy, praying indemnity
for extraordinary expenses incurred by her late
hus'iand while in command of the Mediterranean
sqiiudion, and compensation for serving during
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
remonstrating against the repeal of the duty on
railroad iron; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. i
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to say that I under-
stand that some of these railroad speculators in-
tend to offer an amendment to some appropriation
bill for that purpose.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Falliot A. Whitney, praying the confirmation of
his title to a lot of ground in the city of Washing-
ton; which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom were referred the
following bills from the House of Representatives,
reported them back without amendment:
A bill for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walker H. Finnall; and
A bill for the relief of J. C. Buckles, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Horatio J. Perry, secretary of legation of the
United States at Madrid, praying compensa-
tion as charge d 'affaires at times when he dis-
charged the duties of that office, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of R. M. Walsh, prayin?
compensation for his services as charge d'affaires
at Mexico, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George W. Lippitt,
United States consul at Vienna, praying compen-
sation for diplomatic services, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry Savage,
praying compensation for diplomatic services ren-
dered the United States, in Central America, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. B. Holman, pray-
ing extra compensation as secretary of legation
of the United States at Chili, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Peter Parker, secretary of
legation, &c., at Canton, China, praying com-
pensation as charge d'affaires from the 24th of
May, 1852, to the 31st of December, 1853, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Graham, Uni-
ted States consul at Buenos Ayres, praying com-
pensation for services as charge d'affaires, ad
interim, at that place, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be piinted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Ferdinand Coxe, late
secretary of legation of the United States to Bra-
zil, praying compensation for diplomatic services,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
James R. Howison, secretary of the Naval Acad-
emy, prayingto beullowed the same compensation
from the date of his appointment, as that which
he now receives, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He aho, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thememorial ofThomasApCatesby
Jones, a captain in the Navy, praying the restitu-
tion of his pay, suspended by the sentence of a
court-martial, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print addi-
tional copies of the eighth annual report of the
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sul ered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there tie printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, ten thousand extra copies of the eighth annual report
of the Regpnts of the Smithsonian Institute, five hundred
of such copies to l e given to the secretary of the Smith-
sonian Institution for its use.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Sylvester Hum-i,,
phrey, and the heirs of Alexander Humphrey,
deceased, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills from the House of Representatives, re-
ported them back without amendment:
A bill for the relief of the inhabitants of school
township forty-five, range one, in Warren county,
Indiana;
A bill for the relief of William J. McElhiney,
E. P. Matthews, and Lawrence Cribben;
A bill for the relief of A. S. Laughery;
A bill for the relief of Uosalie Caxillo;
A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass;
A bill for the relief of Enoch Moore;
A bill for the relief of William Curran;
A bill for the relief of John McVey and John
F. McICneely, of Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of Robert F. McGuire and
Louisa, his wife, late Louisa Larny;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Rice Jones, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas C. Greene.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Daniel Steenrod,
reported it back with sundry amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Gad Humphreys,
praying indemnity for property destroyed in
Florida, by order of a United States officer, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill from the House
of Representatives, making appropriations for for-
tifications and other works of defense, and for re-
pairs of barracks and quarters, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855, reported it back without
amendment.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855, reported it back with
sundry amendments.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill from the House
of Representatives, making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1855, reported
it back without amendment.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resoloed, That ten thousand copies of the several reports
of the officers in charge of explorations to determine the
practicability of a railroad from the Mississippi to the Pa-
cific, be, and the same are hereby, authorized to printed
for the use of the Senate, in quarto form ; and thai five hun-
dred copies are authorized to bfi printed for the Secretary
of War, and two hundred and fifty for each of the officers
aforesaid.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
amend the " Act requiring foreign regulations of
commerce to be laid annually before Congress,"
approved 16th of August, 1842, and for othpr
purposes; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the compensation of James W". Low
and others, for the capture of the British private
armed schooner Ann, during the late war with
Great Britain;
An act for the relief of Purser T. P. McBlair;
An act for the relief of George Mattingly;
An act for the relief of the Pine Grove Academy
in Louisana;
And act for the relief of John Frazer, and the
administrator of the estate of John S. Clendemn,
deceased;
An act supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authorize notaries public to take and certify
oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments in cer-
tain cases; and
An act for the relief of John S. Jones and
William H. Russell, surviving partners of the
firm of Brown, Russell & Co.
Which were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
LOUIS E. SIMONS.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of Cap-
tain Louis E. Simons, have instructed me to re-
port the bill back without amendment, and ask
the consent of the Senate to have it aoted.on now.
I will state the character of the bill. Mr. Simons,
as naval officer on the coast of Africa, seized a
vessel supposed to be a slaver. She was tried in
Boston and found not to be so, and he was pros-
ecuted for damages and mulcted in $800, but the
court found that he had probable cause of seizure.
It is simply to relieve him from these liabilities
that this bill is asked.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay $800 to Captain Simons, for his
expenses incurred in defending himself against two
suits brought against him for arresting and detain-
