1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
on the principles of that message, between the
two bills—who shall attempt to show that the
indigent insane bill is unconstitutional, and the
homestead bill constitutional. Therefore, unless
the honorable Senator from Virginia will say that
he considers it of great public importance that the
Indian appropriation bill should be passed im-
mediately, I shall vote to take up the homestead
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Indian appropri-
ation bill ought to be acted upon now. It ought
to be passed immediately. There are appropria-
tions in it to which provisoes are attached, which
allow the Secretary of the Interior to expend the
money during the present fiscal year; for instance,
the following item is contained in the bill:
" For the expense of making presents of agricultural
implements: to the bands of Pueblo Indians, in the Territory
of New Mexico, $10,000: Provided, That the Secieury of
the Interior may, if, in his discretion, tile public interests
requne it, he authorized to use any part of the appropna-
tmns herein made for making tieaties m Oregon, Washing-
ton, Utah, ami New Mexico, and for holding councils at
Fort Benton prior to the commencement of ihe ne\t fiscal
year."
Here is another item:
" For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
Washington Territory, for six months, ending June 30,
J 854, $5,000."
There are others of the same character. They
were introduced under the apprehension that the
deficiency bill might be very late in passing the
House of Representatives, or that it mightso hap-
pen that it would not pass at all. In view of all
the difficulties which attend that measure, some
of the mo3t indispensable provisions were intro-
duced into the Indian bill, and to these provisions
was attached a proviso giving authority to the
Secretary of the Interior to expend any portion of
them during the present fiscal year. 1 think,
therefore, that it is a matter of importance. Be-
sides, we know that that bill is to be returned to
the House of Representatives with a great many
amendments attached to it by the Senate, and we
know it will be subject to many delays there. I
believe the experience of the Government has
shown that the appropriation bills ought to be
called, taken up, and acted on earlier, and with
more promptitude, than we have heretofore shown
in regard to them.
For all these reasons, it is my opinion that the
Indian bill ought to be taken up and acted on. I
do not know how long it may take. I do not
know all that the Committee on Indian Affairs
may have to offer by way of amendment; but 1 do
hope that we shall dispose of it during to-day and
to-morrow; at any rale we ought to make what
progress we can in order to get rid of it as soon as
we can.
Mr. GWIN. The chairman nf the Committee
on Finance has, within a very short time, reported
a deficiency bill; and he crowded that bill with
items for deficiencies for the Indian department.
Now, it seems, he has come up with another
deficiency bill for the Indian department. Sir, I
think there should be but one deficiency bill during
a session. We have acted upon that. We have
sent it to the House, and there it is likely to remain
for a good while. We have already put amend-
ments on the Indian bill that will be very apt to
make it a law about the day on which we adjourn.
I fear we shall find that the general appropi intion
bills will be passed at this session as heretofore—
about the day of adjournment; let that be sooner
or later. We know there is no pressing necessity
for action on the bill now; forif we act on it now,
it may be delayed in the House for a month or
two, or three, or four, or five months; and prob-
ably on the day of adjournment we shall pass it
like all other appropriation bills. There is no
necessity for acting upon it now.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I fear we spend
too much time in discussing questions as to the
mere priority of business, instead of deliberating
upon the measures before us themselves. We have
postponed until Wednesday next the consideration
of a bill that has been returned by the Piesident
with hi.s veto. It is a bill, with that message, in-
volving more of importance to the legislation of
the country, and to the perpetuity of our institu-
tions, than any other measure pending before
Congress. It involves also the question or ques-
tions which are embraced in other bills, and
among others the homestead bill.
Now, sir I am unwilling, for one, to go into the
discussion of the homestead bill until we shall
have considered the message of the President and
the bill which it accompanies. I prefer as a mem-
ber of this body, to go on now with the Indian
appropriation bill, in which we have already made
great progress, and dispose of it, if possible, be-
tween this and Wednesday. If we cannot do
that, 1 hope that the Senate will go to the discus-
sion of theconstitutional questions thatare brought
up here, and will dispose of them before they take
up this bill or any other.
Mr. BUTLER. I have been reminded that I
have been remiss in my duty, in not indicating,
at least, the propriety of taking up the bill re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee; but, 1 am
aware, Mr. President, from my experience in this
body, and the temper which I have seen mani-
fested in it, that it would be a very futile task
upon my part to offer to take it up; for it does not
depend—1 assert it hereupon my responsibility
as a Senator—upon the relative merits of the bills,
as to which shall take precedence. The honor-
able Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has
said that it is a matter of urgent necessity to take
up the homestead bill. Why, sir, wc have owned
some of these lands, at least, and they have been
surveyed, for fifty years, and we have done all
that time without this homestead bill; and we
could do without it for many years to come Sir,
1 say it is not the urgency, it ts not the merit of
the measure, that gives it its importance in this
body.
I would willingly have called up the judiciary
bill. I might very well call if up, for I think it
has more merits than any of the measures indi-
cated, so far as it regards immediate action upon it,
with the exception, perhaps, of the appropriation
bill. I will say to the honorable Senator from
Tennessee that I am no parliamentaiy tactician;
but I think 1 may assume to myself this much of
parliamentary tactics, to say that the taking up of
this homestead bill will be but making a masked
battery, from which gentlemen intend to assail the
veto of the President. If they intend to meet the
doctrines involved in that veto message, let them
do it fairly, and let the Senate have the authority
of the vote; but if you take up the homestead
bill, is it not obvious to the whole Senate that,
through the discussion of it the veto message will
be assailed, and that that message will not have
what may be called a fair parliamentary chance
in this body?
I think we ought to take up the bill indicated by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance; for
i if we take up the homestead bill, is it not obvious
I to all the members of the body that it will be
j under consideration on Wednesday; and the gen-
' tleman will say that being under consideration it
! ought not to be setasidefor the purpose of taking
; up the veto message' That will be the result. If
i I were to urge it upon my friend from Virginia
now to press that the measure which is under con-
sideration ought to have tt preference, they would
. say that would be no guide for them. But if they
had the homestead bill under consideration, by
force of votes they would give it the preference.
There is a good deal m the force of votes; and if
! gentlemen get the homestead bill under considera-
tion, and the majority of the body are in favor of
it, they will give it the preference over all other
measures, and the measure which is set apart for
Wednesday next will not be taken up.
| Mr. BROWN. Suppose it should not, no
harm will be done.
Mr. BUTLER. You have urged it, as I under-
stand, as one of the requirements for the immedi-
! ate consideration of the homestead bill, that it is
j looked upon with great interest throughout the
1 country, and that, therefore, it ought to pass now;
I yet we have been fifty years without such a
system.
Mr. BR.OWN. That is no reason why we
should not now do right.
Mr. BUTLER. It is very urgent now, we are
told, when no such system has ever been in oper-
ation, I believe, in this country, and, so far as my
vote goes, never shall be. But that is beyond the
question now under consideration. Gentlemen
say it is urgent. They know the appropriation
i! bill is more urgent. But 1 have said that the pur-
pose in taking up the homestead bill, is with a view
to make it a masked battery from which to assault
j] the doctrines in the veto message.
II Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, what-
ever motives may be ascribed to other Senators, or
whatever intimations may be thrown out as to the
views and purposes of some who may wish to
use the homestead bill as "a masked battery,"
from which to assail the President, I. am sure
does not apply to me, nor do I believe it is so in-
tended. I arn sure that was directed at Senators
who occupy a very different, and much more dis-
tinguished position in this body and in the coun-
try, than I do; for Senators having different polit-
ical views from those I entertain; and for others
who stand in a peculiar relation to the bill which
has been returned to us from the President. As I
stated on a previous occasion, 1 believe that the
President has done right in vetoing the indigent
insane bill. For that, sir, I am prepared to sus-
tain him; but, sir, at the same time, I am a friend
of the homestead bill, and I am so whether the
President is or not. 1 shall therefore vote to take
it up on all occasions, and to urge it to its final
passage. Whether it will be vetoed or not, is,
however, a matter which I am not called upon to
decide. Let the President speak for himself. I
am in favor of passing the homestead bill to-day,
and thus affording to the President the opportu-
nity of exercising his constitutional authority,
either to veto or approve it to-morrow, as he may
think proper. He has his duty to discharge as
Chief Magistrate of the United States. He acts
under the solemnity of his oath, and has his duties
and obligations to perform as to him shall seem
proper. I act under mine. Each Senator does
the same, and decides, as far as his veto (vote)
can do, the constitutionality and expediency of
all the measures which come before us. Why,
then, should we condemn, or find fault with, the
President, for doing the same thing?
Mr. President, as a general thing, I am usually
for sustaining my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] in pressing the appropriation bills, because I
think a preference should generally be given to
them. I would now do so over any other than
the homestead bill. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin, I think, but discharges his duty by insisting
on the special order, and 1 am for sustaining him.
I voted against the proposition of the Senator
from California, bfcause I preferred thehomestead
bill.
I regretted to hear my friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] announce to-day his intention to
vote against the homestead bill, giving as a rea-
son therefor that there was a tinge of abolitionism
about that bill which had driven him from its sup-
port. 1 icgretted it the more, because that Sen-
ator had heretofore voted for the bill in the other
House, and was, as I thought, its champion.
Now, sir. I am one of those who have seen with
the deepest regret the attempt to connect this mat-
ter of disposing of the public lands with the ques-
tion of slavery in any of its shapes or forms. The
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] who is
not now here, when discussing thehomestead bill
upon a previous occasion, referred to the burning
in effigy of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] by the miserable fanatics in Chicago and
other portions of the country; and he. did me the
honor to refer to me and to intimate that because
of my position on the side of the Senator from
Illinois on the Nebraska question, that I might
receive like treatment at the hands of some of thesa
people, to whom 1 referred in kindly terms as the
countrymen of Montgomery, and Lafayette, and
others.
Sir, as a friend of the South, a supporter of the
Constitution, and an advocate for the performance
of each and every duty which one State owes to
another under the provisions of that sacred instru-
ment, there are few things -which I so much deplore
as that the South, the minority section of the Union,
should engage in a war against that foreign born
population, of whom, in the days of Jefferson,
and of the alien and sedition laws, and since, they
were the friends and supporters. Such, too, was
of Jackson and the founders of the Democratic
party generally. I am sorry to see those mani-
festations of discontent to which I have referred.
1 fear it will make enemies of those who had else
been friends. I intended to say to my friend
from Mississippi that if the Senator from Illinois
has been burnt m effigy by some small squads of
foreigners, let it be remembered that they were
excited to it by Abolition fanatics, upon ex parte
misrepresentations of facts. For one, so far as'
the burning in effigy is concerned, I attach no
