THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 29, 1854.
New Series No. 125.
ing the brig Casket, on the coast of Africa, on
the charge of being engaged in the slave trade in
1&46, he being then in command of the United
States armed vessel Marion, and acting in the line
of his duty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third, reading, read a
third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives during the consideration of the
river and harbor bill, by Mr. McKean, their Chief
Clerk, announcing that the House had passed a
bill entitled 44 An act to establish cerium post
roads," in which they requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to permit that bill to
be read a first and second time now.
There being no objection, the bill was.read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I now ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put it upon
its passage. It contains all the post routes in the
United States. There is great difficulty existing
now in ascertaining what is a post road and what
is not. Some of the laws establishing post routes
were passed seventy or eighty years ago. This
bill, 'which has been prepared with great labor,
contains a compilation of all the post routes in the
United States, with perhaps an exception of one
or two for which provision will be made hereafter
in a supplemental bill.
One reason why I ask for its immediate pas-
sage is tins: On look^g at the Secretary's desk,
Senators will see the immense mass of manu-
script of which the bill consists, and it must be
obvious that it will require nearly all the leisure
time of the clerks, from the present to the closing
hour of the session, for its enrollment.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to put the bill on its passage now.
Mr. CASS. I am not sure that I ought to con-
sent to the passage of the bill without amend-
ment. I have an amendment, to establish a post
route, which I desire to offer.
Mr. RUSK. If it has been sent to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, it has
been incorporated in the bill.
Mr. CASS. But 1 did not send it to the honor-
able member's committee.
Mr. RUSK. The effect of amending the bill,
and sending it back to the House would be to
delay it to such a period as to lose it entirely. I
propose to have the post-route referred to by the
honorable Senator, and two or three others, pro-
vided for in a supplemental bill.
Mr. CASS. 1 withdraw the objection.
There being no further objection* the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Private
Secretary, announcing that he had, on the 27th
instant, approved and signed the following acts
and joint resolution:
An act for the relief of Joseph Mitchell;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased;
An act authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish
certain lands, and to enter the same quantity else-
where;
An act for the relief of Charles Cooper &. Co.;
An act for the relief of James Dunning;
An act for the relief of Ezra Williams;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Freeman;
An act for the relief of John Phagan;
An act for the relief of Thomas S. Russell;
An act to confirm the claim of Dusuan de la
Croix to a lot of land therein described;
An act to ascertain and adjust the titles to cer-
tain lands in the State of Indiana;
An act for the relief of Mary Carlton;
125
An act for the relief of James Edwards and
others;
An act for the relief of Lavinia Taylor;
An act for the relief of James Wormsley;
An act for the relief of Ira Baldwin;
An act for the relief of Thomas Snodgrass;
An act for the relief of Passed Midshipmen
George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells;
An act for the relief of William Miller;
An act for the relief of Sarah Crandall;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. J3. Coch-
rane, widow of the late Lieutenant R. E. Coch-
rane, United States Army;
An act for the relief of Conrad Wheat, jr., or
his legal representatives;
An act for the relief of Sylvester T. Jerauld,
assignee of the interest of Henry Richaud;
An act for the relief of Richard King;
An act for the relief of Thomas D. Jennings;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Samuel Prioleau, deceased;
An act for the relief of Richard M. Bouton,
George Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher;
An act authorizing a patent to be issued to Peter
Poncin for certain lands therein described; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico to adjust and pay to
Juan C. Armigo, Jose L. Perea, and James L.
Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
under authority of a joint resolution of that body,
approved 17th of June, 1851.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill enti-
tled "An act to increase the pay of the rank and
file of the Army, and to encourage enlistments,"
in which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
TEXAS NAVY.
Mr. RUSK. I move to dispense with the prior
orders of the day, and proceed to the consideration
of the bill to provide tor the surviving officers of
the late Texas navy.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a report ?
Mr. RUSK. I may lose the floor if I do so.
Mr. WADE. It is very manifest, from our
knowledge of the bill which the Senator from
Texas proposes to take up, that it will lead to
debate. I shall, therefore, be obliged to ask the
Senate not to take it up, m order that we may
proceed at once to Executive session.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the bill will be taken up.
There can then be no difficulty in making reports
by unanimous consent. It has been done two or
three times, and I shall notobject to reports being
made after the bill shall be taken up.
Mr. MASON. If the bill be taken up, it will
interfere with the Executive session, which it is
well known is imperiously demanded by the in-
terests of the public service.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I shall be much obliged
to the Senator from Texas if he will allow me to
call up a resolution in regard to the printing of
some documents, in reference to which a motion
to reconsider was made. The printing has been
done long since, but, in consequence of the pend-
ency of the motion to reconsider, it has not been
delivered to us.
Mr RUSK. I would yield in a moment, but
that is a thing which can be done at any time by
unanimous consent, whereas, if I lose the floor I
may not be able to get it again. I insist on my ;
motion.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask that it be done by
unanimous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator from Texas withdraw his motion?
Mr. IIUSK. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question is on
proceeding to the consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for the surviviftg officers of the late Texas
navy.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the question is put on
that motion, before we can get our reports off our
hands, I shall be compelled to vote against it. I
wish to make some reports, and 1 hope the usual
morning hour will be allowed for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must put the
question on the motion of the Senator from Texas,
unless it be withdrawn.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. T understand the Senator
from Texas has no objection to the introduction
of reports which will notgive rise to debate. There
setm to be several Senators who desiie to report
bills. If such be the fact, I think their reports had
better be received by general consent.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not so un-
derstand the Senator from Texas.
Mr. RUSK. There can be no difficulty about
making reports, by unanimous consent, after the
bill shall be taken up. That is a thing which has
been done three or four times, and I shall make no
objection to it, and I presume no other Senator
will.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate, in voting on
the motion of the Senator from Texas, will make
it a test vote between taking up the bill to provide
for the Texas navy, and going into Executive
session. I must ask for an Executive session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bright, Brodhead, Dawson, Dodge
of Iowa, Fitzpatriek, Uivin, Houston, James, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Petut, Pratt, Ru^k, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and WeJIer—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Ben-
jamin, Brown, Chase, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fea-
stmden, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Johnson, Mason,
Pearce, Rockwell, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—
2-2.
So the motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate now to post-
pone all other business, and proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will allow us
the morning hour.
Mr. STUART. A few days ago when I re-
ported back, from the Committee on Commerce,
the House bill to continue the improvements of
rivers and harbors, I gave notice that, on the
disposition of the civil and diplomatic bill, I
should ask the Senate to take up that bill. I may
be mistaken, but I think that the bill is in such
a condition—the committee recommending no fur-
ther appiopriations than those which have passed
the House—that it may be disposed of here with-
out a lengthy debate; and I am in hope, without
any debate at all of any consequence. I think it
can be disposed of in an hour or two. I shall,
therefore, vote against going into Executive session
now, and shall insist upon taking up that bill.
So far as my own action goes, however, I am
ready to say to the Senator from Virginia, that if
the Senate take up the bill, and, contrary to my
expectations lengthy debate shall spring upon
it, I will, after awhile, give way for an Executive
session.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to propose a
compromise to the two Senators. I think they
had better let me report the Post Office and Army
appropriation bills. I think we can dispose of
them to-day.
Mr. WELLER. Why, Mr. President, we
had the promise of the Senator from Virginia
yesterday, that if we passed the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, he would no longer be in
the way; and now he is the fiist Senator this
morning to propose his own business to the ex-
clusion of other business.
Mr. BADGER. He meant that, he would no
longer be in the way with the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. I must insist on my motion.
Mr. BELL. I am sorry to hear the Senator
