1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
importance to it. It is a manifestation of spite
and ill-will, wrth which many of the mostmentori-
ous and distinguished public men of our coumiy
have been visited, and not by foreigners, but by
their own countrymen. Washington was burnt
in effigy for his approvalof Jay's treaty, in many
portions of the United States. Tyler, for his
veto on the Bank of the United States, was burnt
in effigy. He was even insulted in the White
House for withholding his assent, as the Presi-
dent of the United States, to the establishment of
the fifty millions of dollars monster bank, to coil
around and destroy the liberties of the country.
No exhibitions of this sou should ever have the
least influence in determining the course of a
public man, much less to influence his vote upon
a great question of public policy.
But, sir, my friend from Arkansas intimates that
there is a desire on the part of one section to get
the advantage over the other, i know that lie
did not intend that for me; because, Mr. Presi-
dent, as you know, i am one ot those who were,
and am, willing to open Kansas and Nebraska
Territories to the citizens of all the States of this
Union, to go there with all the property which
the v own, of every kind; and if the institutions
under which I live, and to which I am attached,
cannot triumph m the settlement of those Territo-
ries, and in shaping their domestic institutions,
over those of my friend's State and others, I am
willing to abide the decision, and believe the mi-
nority oughtto be. The people, the Constitution,
and the judiciary—it is strange to me that any
republican should think of shunking from such
ti jbunal.H as these.
Mr. President, in regard to the various bills
which are before us, I apprehend that the fact is
this: If a bill has a majority of friends in this
body, they will take it up and pass it; and if its
friends are in a minority, it will be voted down.
Now the question of adherence to the special order
is made, 1 am most anxious it should succeed. I
was willing to proceed to consider and to vote upon
the President's message to day; but, as an act of
courtesy, we have extended the timeover to Wed-
nesday, and the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Baix.ru] has the floor upon it. If for no
other reason, I think we should proceed to con-
sider the homestead hill in deference to that huge
and triumphant majority by which it has been
twice passed by the other House—by the people's
Representatives.
IVJr VVELLER. This discussion has now
extended almost M the usual hour of adjournment.
It is not the first time on which I have seen the
whole day consumed in discussing the question
whether we should do anything or not. We
have been engaged the whole of this day in dis-
cussing the question of the pnoiity of' business,
which is simply a question whether we shall do
anything. I have voted from the beginning, in
favor of proceeding at once to the consideration of
the Executive message. I have given that vote
because that message involves principles which,
in my judgment, are directly involved in other
questions upon which the Senate are called to act.
I shall be compelled to vote to-dny against the
motion made by my friend from Wisconsin, be-
cause I see in advance that the whole question of
the powei of this Government over the public
lands must be discussed either upon the bill, or
upon the Executive message. In my judgment,
sir, the time has arrived when this Government
ought to sett'e, in some definite, decided manner,
what power does exist in the legislative depart-
ment of the Government over the public domain.
Therp are many Senatois ui on this floor who
claim that the power of the Federal Government
ia unlimited in the disposition of the public do-
main. There are others again, who say that the
same restrict ions and the same limitations that
are imposed by the Constitution upon the dispo-
sition of the public money apply, m like manner,
to the disposition of the public land.
Now, Mr. President, this question must be fully
met. In my judgment, there are principles as-
serted as sound constitutional law by the Presi-
dent, in his veto message, which, if earned out,
must operate inevitably to defeat the homestead
bill. 1 belong to that claws of Senators who read
that veto message in such a way as to deny to the
Fedeial Government the power to donate the
public lands in the manner prescribed in that bill.
Why not, therefore, suffer this question, which
has been delayed for many a long year, as my
friend fiom South Carolina has said, and of which
delay the people have not complained, to be post-
poned untii we can have a full, fair, and ample
discussion of the principles which are involved in
its passage and in the veto message? There must
be a general discussion; and 1 infinitely prefer
that that discussion shall be had upon the veto
message rather than upon the homestead bill.
So far as that bill is concerned, if 1 am compelled
to vote against it, it will be because 1 feel an
obligation to sustain the Constitution of the United
States. So far as its appeal to my feelings is con-
cerned, to give to every man a portion of the
public domain, I would be disposed to yield my
assent. 1 know that it is the interest of the coun-
try to have as many land owners as possible; and
if i had the power, under the Constitution, i would
gi\e every man an interest in the soil, by making
him a land-holder. He would then feel that he
was a part ot the sovereignty of the country; and
he would feel that attachment to his home, which,
in a state of war, would make this country me-
sistible.
But, before I can vote for any measure, no mat-
ter how much benefit it may confer upon indi-
viduals, I am compelled to look to the power of
attorney under which 1 act. The power of attorney :
limits the duties which i have to pet form here. If |
i believe that it is in contravention of the Consti- .
tution, no matter how beneficially it might operate 1
upon every portion of the community, 1 snail be i
compelled to withhold my assent. J
But 1 did not rise for the purpose of discussion, ;
but to appeal to the Senate now to vote upon the i
question whether they will proceed to the consid- i
eratiou of the homestead bill,or whether they will j
take up the bill indicated by my friend from Vir- :
gmia? The usual hour of adjournment has arrived?
We have all seen how difficult it is to keep Sen-
ators heie when the time of dinner arrives; and 1
apprehend it would be almost impossible to keep
tiie Senate m session more than ten or Jifteen
minutes longer. Now, if the Senate will take a
vote, I will regard it as a great personal favor.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not think it any violation of the cour-
tesy to himself which he asks, if 1 seize this oppor-
tunity to say, that this is about the hundred and
fiftieth time that the propriety has been demonstra-
ted of the amendment which I have endeavored to
induce the Senate, on several occasions, to adopt
to their rule, namely: that questions m regard
to the priority of business be decided without
debate, As the Senator from California has said,
we have spent the whole day in determining
whether we will do anything, and we have got to
! that point when we shall probably decide not to
: do anything at all.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
. is on postponing the consideration of the subject
' to Tuesday week. On that question the yeas and
I nays have been demanded.
| The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. HUNTER. I said Tuesday week because
| i supposed that if we took up the Indian appro-
| puation bill, we should not get through with H
[ until to-morrow. Then, on Wednesday the veto
comes up, so that 1 supposed we could not con-
i sider that question before to-morrow week.
| Mr. BROWN. And I beg leave to add, the
j balance ol the session and something else.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 15; as follows:
,i YF,AS—Messrs. Atchijfm, Radnor, Bajnnl, Benjamin,
i BrodhcsKi, Built r, Clay, Clayton, 1)u\vm>ii, Djaoii, Evan.-,
; Fitzpatru-k, Foot, Hunter, johnson, Joiu> of Tenne^ee,
Mai lor v, Moi ton, Noins, Pearet', Hutk, £?ebii>tian, Thornp-
5 bun ot Kentucky, Toombs, Toueoy, Welk'i, and Williams
I  07,
| NAYS—Me^sis. Allen, Bell, Brown, Ca*s, Chase,
Docile of Wisconsin, Podgo of lovv.i, Jam*-.
: Join", of Iowa, Pettil, Stuart,'Sumner, Wade, and Walker
; —15.
I So the motion to postpone until to-morrow week
■ was agreed to.
; Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro-
■ ceed to the consideration of the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
| Mr. PETTIT. I move that the Senate ad-
,jouni.
j The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
[ adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, JWay 8, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. H entry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor. *
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
in order to be the call of States for resolutions.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, avowing my purpose, if the House
shall go into committee, to take such action, if
sustained by a majority of the committee, as is
requisite to lay aside the business in order, that we
may reach the bills for the organization of the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to propound a question ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 have
made the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman who
has made the motion will withdraw it, to enable
me to make an inquiry.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to any irregular
debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Why did not the gentle-
man object to the statement being made by the
gentleman from Illinois ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois was permitted to make a statement after his
motion was submitted, and now I desire to pro-
pound a question, in order that we may have in-
formation as to the proposed plan of action. That
is all I wish to accomplish. I wish to know
whether the gentleman intends, when we go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to set aside or postpone the consideration
of the deficiency bill, which, as we all know, is a
measure of very great importance 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. CUTTING. This matter may as well be
disposed of at once. Why should there be delay ?
Mr. WHEELER, i appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to allow me to present the petition of
several hundred citizens of the city of New York,
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object. The gentleman
can present it under the rule.
Mr. WHEELER. Would not the gentleman
object to that also, if it were in his power?
Mr. HAMILTON. No, sir; I would not.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is important
that there should be a full House to act upon the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois. 1 move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. MACE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
that yesterday evening ( paired off with my friend
Mr. Powell, of Vnginia, on all collateral ques-
tions relating to Nebius!:a and Kansas. He is
in favor of a repeal of tl.a Missouri compromise
act, while I am opposed ic it.
Mr. DRUM. 1 have oeen requested to state
by one of my colleagues, Mr. Jones, of Berks
county, that he and another of my colleagues, Mr,
Hiester, of Lancaster county, ha-ve paired off on
the Nebraska-Kansas bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Mr. Speaker, I have paired
off with JudgeCASKiL, ofVirgiuia, until to-morrow
evening", on matters relating to Nebraska. The
Hon. Messrs. Appleton and Aiken have also
paired off with each other, it has been arranged
between Mr. Aiken and myself that we shall
both vote until Mr. Caskie's return, that we may
thus put ourselves on the record, and the result
is the same as it would be if we both abstained
fiom voting. This arrangement was suggested to
Judge Caskie and approved by him before he left.
The question was then taken on ordering a call
of the House; and it was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 165, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, .Tamps C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Banks. Barks-
dale, Bairy, Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Buug, Campbell,
Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chrisman, Clark,
Clingman, Colquitt, Corwin, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cui-
