1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
The previous question was seconded, arid the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. The Chair desires to know of the gen-
tleman the form in which the amendment was in-
tended to be moved. The resolution as reported
from the committee provides that thirty thousand
copies shall be printed for distribution by the
members of the House, and ten thousand for the
use of the Patent Office. The Chair desires to
know which number it is that the gentleman pro-
popes to strike out?
Mr. HAVEN. I understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to move to strike out and in-
sert so that the aggregate number shall be sixty
thousand, of which fifty thousand shall be for dis-
tribution by the members, and ten thousand for
the use of the Patent Office.
Mr, STRAUB. That is precisely my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can then ac-
complish his object by moving to strike out thirty
thousand, and to inseit fifty thousand.
Air. STRAUB. I wjII then put my motion in
that form.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickens, its Secretary, informing the
Hou^e of the passage by that body of " An act
for the further improvement of the Cape Fear
river, North Carolina."]
Mr. WALSH. 1 will simply suggest, that the
demand spoken of here could be very easily sup-
plied if every shopkeeper in Washington did not
wrao up a pair of socks 
[Cries of "Older!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WALSH. Then I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and day* were not ordered.
Mr. CHA MBEULA IN. [should like to have
the proposition read before we are required to vote
upon it.
The Clerk read the resolution again.
The question was then put on Mr. Straub's
amendment; and, on a division, there were ayes—
87, noes G4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the resolution, as
amended.
Mr. HAMILTON. On that 1 call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the resolution,
as a mended, was adopted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. This is the day
set apart for the consideration of the homestead
bill as the special order. 1 thei^fore move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of taking up that spe-
cial order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Olds, m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of House
bill, (No. 37,) reported from the Committee on Ag-
riculture by Mr. Dawson, "to encourage agri-
culture, commerce, manufactures, and all other
branches of industry, by granting to every man
who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land out of the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
for the period herein specified "
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
M r. DAWSON, of Pennsylvania, addressed the
House ft length in favor of the bill. His speech
wi'l be found in the Appendix.
Having concluded—
Mr. MACE obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. I ask- that the gentleman from
Indiana will yield to me for a moment, to submit
a substitute for the bill under consideiation'yin
order thf t it may be printed.
The CH A1 R MAX. No order can be mane by
the conntiififf for the printing of the substitute.
Mr. GROW. I simply wish to present it nov\
It will be printed in to-morrow's Globe.
Mr. MACE yielding the floor, the substitute
was offered.
Mr. MACE again obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee duiing an hou«, principally
in regard-to the provisions of the bill organizing
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas. He went
into a history of all the compromises touching the
slavery question, comprehending also the Mis-
souri compromise, which he maintained was dis-
regarded in the provisions of the bill which he
discussed. He asserted, that he had urged his
people to sustain the more recent compromises on
the slavery question pending the late Presidential
election, believing that it was to be a final settle-
ment of the question.
He acte-d in good faith, as did his constituency.
They believed that the last compromise was to be
a finality to all agitation; but they were now
doomed to disappointment. The agitation, he re-
gretted, was renewed, and was still to progress.
He maintained that if General Pierce had inti-
mated, preceding the Presidential election, or made
a declaration to that effect, that he was in favor of
a repeal of the Missouri compromise act, he would
riot now have the distinguished honor of being
President of the United States;.
He, for one, would never vote for a repeal of
the Missouri compromise; and if his constituency
desired him'so to vote, he should feel it to be his
duty to resign, that their views might be repre-
sented by another.
Pending the delivery of Mr. Mace's remarks |
'he was interrupted by j
Mr. RICHARDSON", who said: I only wish j
to set the gentleman from Indiana right in rela-
tion to his statement that Missouri was admitted
into the Union upon the passage of what is known
as the compromise measures. Missouii was only
authorized to adopt a constitution by the act to
which the gentleman refers. He says that this
Missouri compromise admitted Missouri into the
Union, and settled all this question. The very
Congress that passed the Missouii compromise
objected to the admission of Missouri as- a State
into the Union, until other terms were complied
with than those relative to slavery. The gentle-
man from Indiana misapprehends the history of
that matter entirely.
Mr. MACE. 1 hope it will not be expected
that this interruption will constitute a part of my
speech. If I have misapprehended the history of
this matter, it does not affect the facts of which I
have spoken.
Mr. SKELTON next addressed the committee
on the subject of the Nebraska'dill. He regretted j
that gentlemen fiom the free States had felt it to j
be their duty to incorporate within the provisions ;
of that bill a clause in violation of the Missouri !
compromise. j
The introduction of this new topic of agitation j
he viewed to be unnecessary and uncalled for, so 1
far as it was proper to give teriiton-d government ;
| to this new country. He entered fully into a i
, history of all the compromises on the slavery ;
j question, maintaining that they weie contracts
| which could not be honorably abrogated.
! Mr. S. having concluded—
! Mr. MEACHAM obtained the floor; but
' yielded to
j Mr. DEAN. I move that the committee do now
! rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agrped to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
. Speaker having" resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
■ state ot the Union had had the state of the Union
1 generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. 37) " to encourage agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures," and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
i agreed to.
Whereupon, the House adjourned until to-mor-
! row, at twelve o'clock.
sage from the Pi esidentof the United States, trans-
mitting a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, accompanied by the second part of Lieut.-
Herndon's report of the exploration of the valley
of the A mazon and its tributaries, made by him in
connection with Lieut. Lardrier Gibbon, under
instructions from the Navy Department.
Mr, FISH, I move that the communication lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I find on ex-
amining the Journals of the Senate of last year,
that there was an order of the Senate providing
; that th« second part of this document, which is
now before the Senate, should be printed. I be-
lieve, therefore, there is no necessity foi any ad-
ditional order. I will read what was the vote of
the Senate last year:
" That ill ere he punted for*the use of the Senate ten thou-
sand extra copies of the fir*t part of the exploration of the
valicv of the Amazon and its tributaries, made by Lifuten-
ant William L. Hormlon, in connection with Lieutenant
Lardner Gibbon, under  nstiuctT< ns from the War Depart-
ment; and also the same number of the remaining pouio«
of the repoii hereatier to he furnished."
That remaining portion is now before the Sen-
ate; there is, therefore, no vote of the Senate ne-
cessary for its printing.
TONNAGE DUTIES ON SPANISH VESSELS.
Mr. HA MLiN. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill to repeal ceitain acts
concerning duties on Spanish vessels, have direct-
ed me to report it back without amendment, and
with a recommendation against its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In relation to that report,
I beg leave to state that there is a minority of the
committee who entertain a decided conviction of
the propriety of passing the bill, and therefore dis-
sent fiom the report.
JOHN 0. MEARS.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred House
bill for the relief of John O. Mears, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. As the principle of the bill has often been
established by the Seriate, I hope the bill will be
considered now.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill, Jt proposes
to authorize the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury to settle and adjust his accounts as act-
ing purser of the United States brig Dolphin, under
theappointment of the commander of the squadron
then on the coast of Africa; and to allow him the
pay of purser while discharging the duties of that
appointment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, was
read a third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RUSK* agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the surviving officers of the late Texas
navy, which was read a first and second time by
its tit!©, and referred to the Committee on Naval
i Affairs.
! Mr. EVERETT asked and obtained the unan-
| imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
recompense the discoverer of practical anesthesia;
: which was read a first and second time by its
' title, and refened to the Committee on Military
A flairs.
I PETITIONS, ETC.
I Mr EVERETT presented the memorial of the
j Trus'ees of the Massachusetts Humane Society,
for an appropriation in aid of the opera-
tions of the society for the rescue and relief of
shipwrecked mariners; which was referred to the
Commiiiee on Commerce.
Mr. FISH. I am desired to present a remon-
strance of the representatives of the religious So-
ciety of Friends, in the city of New Yoik, and
places adjacent, remonstrating
y
IN SENATE.
Wedvewit, February 15, 1P54.
Praver by Rev. Wit.i.jam II. Mm;;
The Journal of yesteiday wasi ead and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a mes-
jainst the enact-
ment of any lav/ by Congress, or any laws, which
will extend the area of slavery or perpetuate the
existence of that institution. They represent a
v'erv numerous and hishly respectable body of
citizens, and the memoiial is worthy of consider-
ation. ! move that, as the subject is before the
Sc'ia'e, the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a meinoiial of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
