1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
Jom, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Ed-
gertrm, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Etlicridge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Florence,
Franklin, Gamble, Giddmgs, Goode, Goodrich, Green,
Grt-eitwood,Grow, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Harri-
son, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Howe, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Johnson, George VV. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr,
Kituedge, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lilly, Lyon, Mac-
donald, MeDougall, McNair, Macy, Matteson,Maurice,
MaxtvHI, May, Mayall, Middleswarth, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Millson, Murray, Noble, Norton, Olds, An-
drew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,Orr, Parker, Peck, Penning-
ton, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt,
Purvear, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Bobbins, Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sevv-
aid, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skel-
ton,Gernt Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
^nodgrass, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Hesior L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John
J. Taj lor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taj lor, Tracy,
Tweed, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walhndge, Wal-
ker, Walley, Walsh, Warren,Elhhu B. Washbunie, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wcntworih, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, Witte, Dantei 13. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
and ZolhcofTer—165.
NAYS—Messrs. Cobb, Drum, Dunbar, Edmundson, Ha
vpn, Hughes, Daniel T. Jones, Letcher, McCulloch,
Meacham, and Thurston—11,
So it was ordered that there should be a call of
the House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would state, Mr.
Speaker, with the consent of the House, that Mr.
Hill, of Kentucky, is confined to his room by
sickness, and that, at his request, 1 have paired
him off with Mr. Harlan, of Ohio, on all votes
in reference to the Nebraska-Kansas bill.
Mr. HENN. With the permission of the House
I would state an excuse for the absence of my
colleague, [Mr. Cook.]
The SPEAKER. The time has not yet arrived
during which it is proper to submit excuses.
Mr. HENN. 1 only wish to state that my
colleague [Mr. Cook] has been suddenly called
home by the death of his only daughter.
[Here a message wasreceived from the Senate,
by the hands of A sbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary, notifying the House that that body had
passed sundry bills and amended sundry bills of
the House, and requesting its concurrence in said
bills and amendments.]
The list of the absentees was then called, and
five more gentlemen answered to their names—
making 197.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Appiefon, Bissell, Bliss, Caskie, Chase, Chastain,
Cook, Dent, De Wut, Ewuig, Faulker, Fuller, Grey, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hastfng^, Hies-
ter, Hill, J. Giancy Jones, Lnidley, McMulHn, McQueen,
Morgan, Morri&on, Nichols, Pringle, Thomas Ruchey,
Rovvc, Shannon, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Westbrook,
and Yates.
The SPEAKER then directed the doors to be
closed.
The officers of the House having executed the
order, and the doors having been closed, the Clerk
proceeded to call the list of the absentees, for the
purpose of allowing excuses to be made.
William Appleton.
Mr. WALLEY. Mr. Appleton has been
called home by severe sickness in his family. I
move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
William H. Bissell.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague, Colonel
Bissell, is confined to his room by indisposition.
He had hoped to be present to-day, butis notable
to be here. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
George Bliss.
Mr, GREEN. Judge Bliss is in ill health, and
is absent from the city by the advice of his phy-
sician. I will state, however, that he has paired
off, on the Nebraska bill, with Mr. Ewing, of
Kentucky. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Samuel Caruthers.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Mr. Caruthers
is absent from the city, having been called home
on urgent business. He has paired off with Mr.
Chase, of New York, especially on the Nebraska
question. 1 move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
John S. Caskie.
Mr. BOCOCK. My colleague, Judge Caskie,
has been called home by some interesting family
arrangement requiring his attention. He has
paired off with Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, on
the Nebraska question. 1 move that he be ex-
cused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
•*1? At> rt* irJ I .it 4 ct1
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Chase is detained at
home by sickness in his family, I move that he
be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Elijah W. Chastain.
Mr. COL&UITT. Mr. Chastain is absent,
having paired off with Mr. Morrison, of New
Hampshire. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
John P. Cook.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
Mr. Cook be excused. He has been called home
by the death of one of his children and the sick-
ness of another.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
William B. W. Dent.
Mr. COLQUITT. Mr. Dent left the city in
consequence of indisposition, and is now detained
at home in consequence of serious illness. I move
that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Alexander De Witt.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. De Witt is absent from
the city, having been detained by serious illness,
but is expected here m a few days. I move that
Mr. De Witt be excused.
The question was taken; and the motion was
a^eed to.
Presley Ewing.
Mr. PRESTON. I understand that my col-
league, Mr. Ewing, has gone home to Kentucky
on account of illness, and. that he has paired off
with Mr. Bliss, of Ohio. I move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Charles J. Faulkner.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Faulkner is detained
at home by business of very great importance,
and cannot with propriety be here. I move that
he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas J. D. Fuller.
Mr. MACDONALD. My colleague is out of
the city. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Ben Edwards Grey.
Mr. COX. I learned this morning that Mr.
Grey is absent from this city, and that he went
to New York a few days ago. I presume that he
has gone there upon special and important busi-
ness, as he has always been prompt in his attend-
ance here.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Did my colleague
state that Mr. Grey had paired off with anyone?
Mr. COX. 1 do not know that he has.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understand thathe
has paired off with Mr. Pringle, of New York.
Mr. COX. i move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Aaron Harlan.
Mr. COR WIN. Mr. Harlan has been called
home in consequence of the indisposition of his
wife, and important business. He told me that
he had made arrangements to pair off with Mr.
Hill, of Kentucky. J move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Andrew J. Harlan. *
Mr. MACE. My colleague, Mr. Harlan, left
the city a few weeks ago, in consequence of bad
health; and I presume that he is not yet recovered,
or he would be here. 1 move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Wiley P. Harris.
Mr. WRIGHT. My colleague is confined to
his room by sickness. He intimated to me this
morning that he would be here if he was able to
do so; but as he is not present, I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
George Hastings.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Hastings left here a few
days ago, in consequence of important profes-
sional engagements. As I understand that his
wife is indelicate health, that may ha^vesomething
to do with his stay. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to,
|G i 1/1 TP PTin Qxru
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. My colleague has
been called home in consequence of having som$
very important business to attend to; but 1 under-
stand that he has paired off with Mr. J. Glance
Jones, of Pennsylvania. X move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Clement S. Hili..
Mr. GREEN WOOD. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Hill
has been confined for some time to his room. I
understand, besides, that he has paired off with
Mr. Harlan, of Ohio. I move that he be ex-
cused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
J. Glancy Jones.
Mr.WRIGHT,ofPennsylvania. Mr.Speaker,
my colleague, Mr. Jones, has paired off with Mr.
Hiester, as has been already stated, on all ques-
tions appertaining to the Nebraska bill. I there-
fore move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
James J. Lindley.
This name was twice called, but there was no
excuse offered.
Fayette McMullin.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, my colleague,
Mr. McMullin, is absent from the city. He
has paired off with some person; but I at present
do not recollect who.
A Member. With Mr. Nichols, of Ohio.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; he has paired off with
Mr. Nichols, of Ohio; and I therefore move that
he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
John McQoeen.
Mr. Keitt. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr.
McCUieen is detained at home by indisposition
in his family. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Edwin B. Morgan.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league, Mr. Morgan, was called home by the
death of his child. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
George W. Morrison.
Mr. KITTREDGE. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league, Mr. Morrison, has been called home by
professional business. Having paired off on the
Nebraska question with Mr. Chastain, of Geor-
gia, I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Matthias H. Nichols.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker,my colleague,
Mr. Nichols, has been called home from sickness
in his family. He has paired off on the Nebraska
question with Mr. McMollin, of Virginia. I
move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Thomas Ritchey.
Mr. GREEN. I would state, Mr. Speaker, that
my colleague, Mr. Ritchey, is absent from the
city. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Paulcs Powell.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, my colleague,
Mr. Powell, has been called to Richmond, last
evening, to assist my friend, Mr. Caskie, in the
family arrangement which I have spoken of. He
is in favor of the Nebraska bill, and has paired
off on all questions connected with it with Mr.
Mace, of Indiana. I move that my colleague be
excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to,
Benjamin Pringle.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr.
Pringle, has been called home in consequence of
a death in his family. I understand, however,
that he has made arrangements with Mr. Grey,
of Kentucky, to pair off on the Nebraska bill. I
move that he be excused.
