i$S8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—yeas 103, noes 20.
So the mption was agreed to, and the reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
-The previous question then received, a second,
and the main question*was ordered to be now put.
, T^e bill was ordered to be engrossed apd read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read a thir<$ time, and passed.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and that that motion be
laid upon the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN -WASHINGTON TER-
RITORY.
Mk FA.ULKNER- Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to permit to be
read a communication, which I receive^ last night
"from the'Secretary of War, showing the existence
of alafmihghostilities in the Territory of Wash-
ington. The communication is short. The Sec-
retary of Wa'r states his utter inability to com-
mand the requisite force for the protection of the
settlements there. .
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to have the communication read ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquireof
the gentleman from Virginia why the Secretary of
War did not make his communication to Con-
gress ?
Mr. FAULKNER. He made his communi-
cation td' me as acting chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, to advise me of the state of
things which is set forth in the paper. It is short,
and I hope that the gentleman will permit it to be
read.
! Mr. JONES. He ought to have sent a com-
munication to Congress.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read the
communication, as follows:
War Department, )
- Washington, July 5J7,1854. J
Sir : I have the honor to yubmi there with, for the inform-
ation of the Committee on Military AffairB, a copy of a
communication from Governor I. J. Stevens, of Washing-
ton Territory', to the effect thai the Fort Simpson Indians
have receutly made an attack on the border settlements of
that Territory," and killed; several persons, and among them
it is feared the chief justice of the Territory.
This information is submitted with a view to advise the
committee of the inadequacy of the military force in that
country, and of the inability ot'the Department to increase
it. .
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretaryof JFar.
Hon. C. J. Fausknbr, Ckairinan of the Committee on
Military Jiff airs, House of Representatives.
Washington, D. C., My 25,1854.
Sir: By the last mail I have received ad,vices from the
Hon. C. H. Mason, Secretary of the Territory of Wash-
ington, and acting Governor, to the effect that the Fort
Simpson Indians, a imnierous and warlike race, have re-
cently made an attack on the border settlements of the
Territory, and have killed some four to eight persons. It
is rumored that the Hon. Edward Lander, the chief justice
of the Territory, is among the missing.
I will earnestly call the attention of the Department to
the inadequacy of the force stationed on Puget's Sound,
and to the absolute necessity of some adequate means of
transportation other than canoed and sailing vessels.
These Fort Simpson Indians are in English Territory,
and it is unquestionable that a force of ten large war canoes
have gone up the waters of the Sound to opposite the head
of Whitby's Island. They have returned, it is said, to
renew their depredations with a larger force.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient,
Isaac j. stevens,
Governor Territory of Washington.
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up what was made the special order of the House
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The special order
expired yesterday It was only made for one day,
and the bill is at the foot of the Calendar, and you
will have to lay aside every bill upon the Calendar
before you can get to it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I should like to have the
opinion of the Speaker upon tha't point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
debate was closed yesterday 
Mr. ORR. The committee were instructed to
vote upon the amendments, and report the bill
back.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is, that when
the committee shall resume the consideration of
the bill, they shall do so. Can they resume its
Consideration in preference to other bills, is the
question? The Chair doubts if they can do so.
Is the order of the House upon the committee to
resume the consideration of the bill? The Chair
doubts.
Mr. ORR. With a view of carrying out and
executing in good faith the proposition which I
made to the House yesterday, I ask a suspension
of the rules, so as to continue the consideration of
this bill from the Military Committee, and make it
the special order when the House shall again"re-
solve itself into the Committee ofthe Whole oh the
state of the Union. I think that we can dispose
of the bill in one hour after we take it up. We
have already spent one day upon it. Is it not
better that we should go on and mature the bill in
two hours?
Mr. JONES. You cannot do it in the remain-
der of the session.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before that question is
put, I ask permission,of the House to present the
resolution which was ruled out yesterday.
Mr. PHILLIPS, is it in order to present a
resolution while the House is engaged upon an-
other subject?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asked the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object.
Mr. BALL. 1 rise to inquire whether a mo-
tion to go into the Committeeof the Wholeon the
Private Calendar—this being the day set aside for
the consideration of private business—Would not
take precedence of the motion now pending?
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
is in order; but it is also in order to move to sus-
pend the rules generally, or for any particular
purpose; and the Chair thinks that the motion
first submitted is fiist in order. The Chair has
110 doubt of the correctness of this decision. The
rule is clear that it is as much in order to suspend
the rules generally as for any particular pur-
pose.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to withdraw, for a mo-
ment, his motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of taking up the Army bill. I desire him to
do so, for the purpose of enabling me to offer a
resolution that the standing committees of the
House having charge of private bills may be per-
mitted to report them at the Clerk's desk, for the
purpose of having them referred merely. Asthis
is private bill day, I think it but fair that this op-
portunity should be given of having these bills
thus referred.
Mr. McMULLIN. I feel compelled, under
the circumstances, to object to the proposition.
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's mo-
tion to suspend the rules; and it was not agreed
to—two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
DESTRUCTION OF GREYTOWN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent ofthe House to introduce the resolution which
has been already read from the Clerk's desk this
morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there not a motion pend-
ing, Bubmitted by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr, Faulkner,] to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. That motion could not be in
order, because it would have been in order before
the motion to suspend for a special purpose, as
made by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr ]
Mr. ENGLISH. Before the resolution sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] be read, I desire to know whether a
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar will not take precedence of that
gentleman's motion?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it will not.
Mr. Chandler's resolution was then reported,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
respectfully requested to furnish to the House of Repre-
sentatives any official information which may have been
received at the Departments, relative to the destruction
of Greytovvn (or San Juan del Norte) by Captain Hollins
of the United States vessel Cayene ; and also that the
President be requested to furnish to the House copies of
the instructions given to Captain Hollins relative to the de-
mand for satisfaction, which was made in the name of the
United States upon the authorities of Greytown,(or San
Juan del Norte,) before the bumbaidment and destruction
of that place.
Mr. DISNEY. I object to the introduction of
that resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that the rules
of the House be suspended, so as to enable me to
introduce it; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr OLDS I would like to inquire of the Chair
whether the resolution contains theclause usually
inserted in resolutions calling for information—
" if, in the opinion of the President, it is not in-
compatible with the public interests?"
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not contain that
clause, but it is unnecessary to insert anything
of the kind, as it is always understood.
Mr. OLDS. Well, suppose the gentlemun
embodies it in his resolution.
Mr. PECKHAM. The resolution is in itself
simply a request, and there is no need of such a
clause.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have jio objection to
have it inserted. (To the Clerk,) Let that clause
be embodied in the resolution.
The question was then taken on the suspension
of the rules; and there were—yeas 122, nays 35;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe, David
J. }3ailey, Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bocock,
Breckinridge, Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Churchwell, Cobb, Cook, Corwin,
Cox, Crocker, Curtis, JohnG. Davis, Thomas Davis, Daw-
son, DeWitt, Dickinson, Eastman, Edgertan* Edmands,
Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Everbart, Farley,
Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Giddings, Greenwood,
Grow, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Har-
riSj Harrison, Haven, Hendricks, Hill, Houston, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kerr,
Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Linds-
ley, McCulloch, Mattcson, Maurice, Mayall, John G. Mil-
ler, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oh ver,Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck ham, Phelps,
Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Pnngle, Puryear, Ready, David
Ritchie, Robbing, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Shaw, Simmons, Skelton,Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stratton, ^ldrew Stuart, John J. Tay-
lor, John L. Taylor. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Trout,
(Jpham, Wade, Walbridge, Walley, Eliihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zolli-
cofter—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Barry, Chastain, Clark, Craige, Disney,
Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy, John M. Elliott, English, Goode,
Ilenh, Hibbard, Johnson, ttofond Jones, Letcher, McMui-
lin,McNair, McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, Noble, Orr, Rufiin,
Shannon, Shower, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Hes-
tor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, Vail, Vansant, and
Walker—35.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended; and Mr. Chandler's resolution
was introduced.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will consent to modify it, I would wish
to have the resolution put in the usual form.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been already so
modified.
The question was then taken on Mr. Chand-
ler's resolution; and it was adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to reconsider the
vote' by which the resolution was adopted, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SUPERINTENDENT OF FOLDING ROOM.
Mr. W1TTE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
pay to Thomas J. Gait, superintendent of the folding room,
the same compensation now paid to the librarian of the
House, to commence from l&t July, 1853.
Mr. EDG-ERTON. I propose to amend that
resolution.
Mr. WITTE. I ask for the previous question
on my resolution.
Mr. EDGERTON. I suggest that the gentle-
man should hear what my resolution is, and per-
haps he will accept it as an amendment. I will
state that I know no reason why the superin-
tendent of the document room snould not have
the same compensation; and the object of my
resolution is to give to the superintendent of the
document room the same pay that the superin-
tendent of the folding room receives.
Mr. WITTE. 1 insist upon the previous
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania what the increased
pay will amount to?
Mr. WITTE. About #250.
