1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Peter Rowe.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I understand that my colleague, Mr. Rowe, is
detained in. the city of New York by important
busmess, and that he will shortly resume his seat
in the House. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Wilson Shannon.
Mr. SAPP. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr.
Shannon, has been called homeon important busi-
ness. i move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Augustus R. Sollers.
Mr. FRANKLIN. Mr. Speaker, my colleague,
Mr. Sollers, has been detained from the sittings
of this House for a long nine by sickness. He is
now at home. I move that he be excused.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Frederick P. Stanton.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
my brother has been called home some few days
ago by important private business. He expected
to have been here to-day; but I presume he has
been detained on the road. He has paired olF
with a gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Yates. I
move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Theodouic R. Westbrook.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr.
Westbrook, is detained at home by professional
business. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Richard Yates.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I move that my colleague, Mr. Yates, be ex-
cused. He has been called home by important
business for a few days. I understand he has
paired oil'with Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.
The question was put; and the "motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. As the names
of the absentees have all been called over and
disposed of, I move that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
(A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the (Jnited States, by the hands of Sidney
Weuster, Esq., Ins Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had signed certain bills.]
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. M1LLSON. I would inquire of the Chair
if the consideration of the deficiency bill will not
be the first business in order if the House resolve
to go into committee?
("Cries of "Question!" "Question!"]
Mr. MILLSON. As I believe the deficiency
bill will be the first in order, I shall vote to go
into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to all debate.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order,
and the Clerk will call the roll.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 109, nays 88; as follows:
VEAP—Me^rs. Ahereroinbje, Aiken, James 0. Alien,
Willis Allen, A^iie, David J. B.iiley, Thomas. H. Baviv,
B>uk<dale, i'.urj-, 1V1L Uncock, Noyce. Breckinridge,
Bridges, Htooks, Ciiiisman, Cimrchwoll,Clark, <Min^man,
Cobb, Colquitt, Cox:, Craiye, Cumnnny, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, UowdelJ, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, I2d-
mundson, John M. F.liiott, English, Floicnee, _ Uoode,
Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris. Hen-
dnck^, llenn, Hihhard, Hilly or, Houston, Irii*ersoll,Gcoige
W. Jone«, Roland June*, Keitt, Kerr, Kuhvrll, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane. Latham. Letcher, Lilly, Lindlev, Macdonald,
MeDoiiiMll, MeNatr, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller, Smith
MiUei. Million, Noble, Old?, Mordeeai Oliver, l>rr, Packer,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pies-ton, Puryeai, Ready,
Reecp, Richardson, Riddle, Robbing, Rowers, Rnfhn,
tSewaid, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
Jiam Smith, William R. Smith, George VV. Smyth, Snod-
gra-s. Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephen*, Straub,
JJavul Smart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Van-
Kin t, Wctlbiidge. Walker. WaMi, Warren, Witte, Daniel
B. Wright, Ilendrick B. Wright, and Zoihcoffer—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Ben-
son, Benton, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain,
Chatuilei, Corvvin, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Cutting, Tho*.
Davis, Dean, Dick. Dickinson, Drum, Eastman, Edgerton,
Edmandti, Thomas'D Eliot, Ellison, Eiheridge, Everhart, :
Farley, Fen ton, Flagler, Franklin, Gamble, Giddtnys, Good-
rich, Grow, Harrison, Haven, Howe, Hughes, iiunt. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge, Knox, "Lindsley, Lyon,
j McCulloch, Macy, Mdttesou, Maurice, Mayall, Meacham,
Middle^vvarfh, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Peek, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, I'ratt, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Simmons,
Skelton, Gerut Smith, Hestor L. Stevens, Snatton, An-
drew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Thurs
ton,Tiacy, Upham, Wade, Walley, Elihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, and Wheeler—88.
So the motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
Mr. RICHARDSON. I movetolay asidebill
No. 84, upon the Calendar, for the purpose of
proceeding to subsequent business thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to have that
bill read, that we may understand what it is? If
so, I call for the reading of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
bill.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1855.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 suppose the question is,
whether the committee will proceed to the consid-
eration of that bill or not?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the question.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i move that that bill be
laid aside.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Houston] if he desires to have that bill laid
aside?
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the committee are
willing to take one vote upon thisrnatter of laying
aside these bills, as a test of party strength on
this Nebraska question.
[Cries of" No'" (< No !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that one vote be
taken upon laying aside all bills upon the Calen-
dar which stand before the Nebraska-Kansas
bill.
[Cries of " Question !" {< Question !"]
Mr. WHEELER. 1 call for the reading of the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has already been
read by its title.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to have the bill
read through by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman that when a bill is under consider-
ation, His in order to call for its reading in e.v tenso,
but when a motion is pending to lay it aside, it can
only be read by its title.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a question of order.
If I remember correctly, when the House was last
in Committee of the Whole, the committee had
under consideration the deficiency bill. A reso-
lution was adopted in the House, closing debate
upon that bill, and theieby making it the duty of
the committee to proceed to vote upon the amend-
ments then pending, or such as might be after-
wards offered to it.
The question of order is, that that business is
first in order, and that we must now proceed to
execute the order of the House upon the deficiency
bill. I ask to have the order of the House read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is the question
of order debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. STEPHENS. I only wish to say, in re-
to the remarks of the gentleman from New
oik that the order to which he has referred
only applies to the deficiency bill when we have
it under consideration. The pending motion, as
I understand it, is to postpone that bill. If we
U^Jte it up, of course the order will apply; but it
is not now before the Blouse.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that he supposes that, under the practice of the
House, the first motion would be to lay aside the
deficiency bill, as that was the bill under consid-
eration when the House was last in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I make that motion.
inly I
i Yoil
Mr. HAVEN. My question of order is, that
the business last under consideration in the com-
mittee should first be taken up.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York raises the question of order, that inasmuch
as debate had been closed by an order of the
House upon the deficiency hill, that bill must be
first considered, and cannot be laid aside.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Chair and of the committee that No.
48 is the deficiency bill.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The CHAIRMAN. No. 48 upon the Calendar
is the bill known as the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I was mistaken.
I intended to move to lay aside the deficiency bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Do I understand the Chair as
sustaining my point of oiderr
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir. The Chair will
give his decision. The Chair decides that the
resolution of the House closing debate upon the
deficiency bill applies to that bill when it is up for
consideration in the committee. If that bill were
under consideration, the point made by the gentle-
man from New York would hold good. It would
then be the duty of the committee to proceed to
vote upon the amendments, and report it to the
House, as the resolution directs; bur the question
is upon taking up that bill. That is the decision
of the Chair. Does the gentleman from New York
take an appeal ?
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HAVEN. I know debate is not in order,
and I do not wish to say anything to which the
friends of the Nebraska bill would object I
merely wish to say that I believe it is the wish of
the committee to decide this question by a vote,
and I therefore respectfully take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that question I de-
mand tellers.
Mr. HAVEN. If it is in order, I would like
to hear the resolution closing debate upon the
deficiency bill read.
The Cleik read the resolution, as follows:
Rewired, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on titf state of the Union on the bill of the IIou>e
(No.-^71) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations lor
the service of the fiscal yearendntg iJOtii ot June, IS54, shall
cease at two o'clock p m , on Tuesday next, (it the com-
mittee shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the
Minic;) and the committee shall then pioeeed to vote on
such amendment .is may be pending, or oileml to the
same, and --hall then repoit it to the IIihh-, with '-ueh
amendment" as may have been agieed to by the comumtee.
Mr. H1BBARD. In connection with that reso-
lution 1 ask for the reading of the 13oth rule.
The 135th rule was read by the Clerk, anil is
as follows:
"13f>. In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the bills shall be taken tip and di>po->ed of in their order ou
the Calendar ; but when objection i< made to the consider-
ation ot a hill, a majority ol the. committee shall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken np arid disposal
ot, or laid aside : Provided, That general appropriation bills,
and, m time of war, hills tor raiding men or money, ami
bills eoncernimr a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all
other hills, at tne dis-cretion ol the committee ; twid when
demanded by any member,the question shall lir^t be putin
regard to them."
Mr. MACE. I have a motion to submit con-
cerning priority of business.
Mr. HiBBARD. The motion is not debata-
ble.
Mr. MACE. I know it is not debatable; but
I wish to submit a motion concerning priority of
business, which it is in order for me to do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman's motion as soon as the appeal is taken.
Mr. MACE. But it is m connection with the
appeal that I wish to make my motion, Jt is im-
portant that it should be made before the appeal
is decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The question firstin order
is the decision of the question of order.
Mr. MACE. I submit that the deficiency bill
has priority over all other business in its consid-
eraMon.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the deficiency hill is the first m order. The
gentleman from Illinois, however, moves to lay it
aside, and the Chair decides that the motion is in
order. From this decision the gentleman from
