1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mp
Mr. McMULLIN. What is hie present com-
pensation ?
Mr. WITTE. About §1,250.
The previous question wag then seconded; and
the main question wag ordered to be put.
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow my resolution as an amendment.
Mr. WITTE. I would say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that I would readily accommodate him,
but I cannot do it.
The main question being upon the adoption of
the resolution, it was put, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WITTE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
SUPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENT ROOM.
Mr. EDG-ERTON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That ttie Clerk of the House of Representatives
be, and he hereby is, authorized to pay to Samuel II. Lam-
born, superintendent of the House document room, in
lieu of his present pay, the same per diem compensation as
is now received by the messenger of the Speaker, com j
mencmg with the present session, and to continue wntil
otherwise ordered by the House.
The object of the resolution is simply to put
the superintendent of the document room upon
the same footing as the superintendent of the fold-
ing room.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. EDGERTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill of the following title;
An act to repeal an act entitled "An act to
amend, and supplementary to, an act entitled an
act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons
escaping from the service of their masters," ap-
proved September 18, 1850.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rule to
enable me to introduce the bill, and I call for the
yens and nays upon my motion.
Mr. SOLDERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question. Do ^understand
that the bill proposes an alteration of the fugitive
slave law?
Mr. PHILLIPS. It repeals it.
Mr. ELIOT. It certainly does propose to re-
peal the fugitive slave law of 1850.
The bill, which was read for information, is as
follows:
Be it enacted, <$v., That an act entitled "An act to amend
and supplementary to, an act entitled an act respeclingfugi-
tives from justice, and persons escaping from the service
of their masters," approved September 18,1850, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
45, nays 320; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bail, Bennett, Benson, Campbell, Car-
penter, Corwm, Crocker, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick,
Dickinson, Eastman, "Bdmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ever-
hart, Gtddings, Goodiich, Anron Harlan, Howe, Daniel T.
Jones, Knox, Matteson, Mayall, Morgan, Norton, Parker,
Pennington, i'rinple, David Ritchie, lluhsell, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Androw Stuart, Thurston,
Trout. Upham, Wade,Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israei
Washburn, Wells, and Tappan Wentworth—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe, David J. BajJpy, Barry, Benton, Bocock, Boyce,
Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Chamberlain,
Chastain, Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark, Clwgman, Cobb,
Cook, Cox, Craige, Curtis, John O. Davis, Dawson, Dis-
ney, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmund-
eon, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Farley. Faulkner,
Florence, Fuller, Goods, Greenwood, Grow, Sampson
W. Harris, WUpv P. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge,
Kurtz,Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lindley, McMullin, Mc-
Nair, MoGueen, Macy, Maurice, Maxwell, JohnG. Miller,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Murray. Nichols, Noble,
Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peckham, Phelps, Phillips,
Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Rpese, Riddle, Robbms, Rogers,
Ruffin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Samuel
A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sollers,
Fredrick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Hector L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Walbrid^e, Walker, Wheeler,
Witre, Daniel B. Wright, Hendricic B. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—120.
So two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended
Mr. GREEN stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted no.
Mr. McMULLIN desired to make a short
statement before he voted.
Objection was made.
INCREASE OF PAY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. FAULIiNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to reporta bill " to increase the
pay of the rank and file of the Army, and to en-
courage enlistments." I willstateto the House that
ray purpose la to strike out all those features of
the bill which is now in Committee of the Whole,
which have given rise to discussion, and to confine
it simply and solely to the encouragement of en-
listments. I hope there will be no objection.
No objection was made.
The bill was read the first time in extenso.
The first section provides that the pay of the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
the Army shall be increased at the rate of four
dollars per month, to continue for the term of
three years from and after the 1st day of Janu-
ary next, and until otherwise fixed by law.
The second section provides that every soldier,
who, having been honorably discharged from the
service of the United States, shall, within one
month thereafter, reenlist, shall be entitled to two
dollars per month in addition to the ordinary pay
of his grade, for the first period of five years after
the expiration of his previous enlistment, and a
! further sum of one dollar per month for each suc-
I cessive period of five years, so long as he shall re-
i main continuously in the Army; and that soldiers
j now in the Army, who have served one or more
j enlistments,and been honorably discharged, shall
I be entitled to the benefits herein provided for a
second enlistment.
The third section provides that soldiers who
served in the war with Mexico, and received a
certificate of merit for distinguished services, as
well those now in the Army as those that may
hereafter enlist, shall receive the two dollars per
month to which that certificate would have entitled
them, had they remained continuously in the
service.
The fourth section provides that non-commis-
sioned officers who, under the authority of the
seventeenth section of the act approved March 3,
1847, were recommended for promotion by brevet
to the lowest grade of commissioned officer, but
did not receive the henefit of that provision, shall
be entitled, under the condition recited in the fore-
going section, to the additional pay authorized to
be given to such privates as received certificates of
merit.
The fifth section authorizes the promotion of
non-commissioned officers.
The sixth section provides an allowance of
twenty-five cents per day to soldiers who are em-
ployed to work on fortifications, &c.,and of forty
cents when employed as mechanics; and thirty-
five and fifty cents respectively when employed
west of the Rocky Mountains.
! The bill was then read a second time by its title,
i Mr. BARKSDALE. I would be glad if al-
I lowed to make a brief statement.
| The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia yield to the gentleman from Mississippi ?
j Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman desires
! to make an inquiry in regard to the bill, I yield.
I do not yield for any other purpose, because the
necessity of the bill is too urgent.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish to state, Mr.
Speaker, that I was necessarily absent when the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] made
his motion to suspend the rules in order that he
might introduce a bill to repeal the fugitive slave
law. If I had been present, of course I should
have voted against the motion.
Mr. FAULKNER. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read a third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the bill pro-
pose to increase the pay of the rank and file of the
Army four dollars per month ?
Mr. FAULKNER. It does.
Mr. SMITH. Then, their pay will be twelve
dollars per moth
Mr. FAULKNER. If the bill pass, the pay
of infantry will be eleven dollars per month, ana
that of dragoons twelve dollars per month. I call
for the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and that that motion
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAT TO OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. ASHE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Raolved, That the usual extra compensation be paid to
the pages, folders, and such other employees who have
heretofore received the same, and who have not and shall
not receive the benefits of the joint resolution approved
July 20, 1854.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. ASHE. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair whether it
is in order to entertain that resolution in the face
of the law tha* passed a few days ago?
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
the reading of the resolution, it does not conflict
with the law at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution passed this
month applies, as I understand it, to all the em-
ployees in the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
the precise terms of the joint resolution referred to
by the gentleman from Alabama. The Chair
again states that it is his opinion that it does not
conflict with the resolution introduced bythegen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to be informed by
the gentleman from North Carolina, whether,
under the resolution to which the gentleman from
Alabama has called the attention of the Chair, the
pages and other employees of the Government
will not receive the twenty per cent, extra com-
pensation which has been allowed to others .'
The SPEAKER. This resolution proposes the
usual compensation to such as have not received
additional pay in the shape of twenty, per cent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the resolution, it does not provide the usual com-
pensation for those who were provided for in the
joint resolution, but it provides for such as shall
not avail themselves of its benefits. They may
waive taking the increased compensation under
that, and take it under this,
Mr. McMULLIN. I then understand th« fur-
ther operation of this resolution to be this.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is this resolution de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. The
proposition is to suspend the rules.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not mean to debate it.
I only desire to be informed, so as to vote under-
standing! y.
The CHAIRMAN. That may be so; but the
gentleman is called to order on the left of the
Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. Who called me to order
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who called
to order will rise in his seat.
Mr. TAYLOR, (rising.) I did not specially
call the gentleman to order; "but X meant that if
the matter be debatable, we all want to be heard
upon it.
The SPEAKER. That is the same thing.
The question is on the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to be informed
whether the folders are employees of the House.
They work by the piece. I take it they are not.
[Cries of "Order!" and "Question !"]
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—yeas 90, nays 63;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken. Ashe, Call, Bell, Rennett, Car-
penter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chastam,
Chnrebwell, Corwin, Crocker. Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Tie Witt, Dickinson, Dieney, Dowdell, Eddy, Ed^erton,
Edinands, Edmundson, Thomas P. Eliot, Ellison, Ever-
hart, Florence, Giddings, Goodrich, Greenwood, Andrew
J. Harlan, Harrison, Hill, Howe, Hughe?, Hunt, Johnson,
Kent, Kerr, Kno^c, Kurtz, Lamb, T.aUiam, Lindley, Mc-
