1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
New York has taken an appeal, wJiich appeal the
Chair again decides must be first decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one ques-
tion which, I think, must take precedence of all
these questions. I submit that, according to the rule
of the House, wKen the House goes into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the bills must be called upon the Calendar, com-
mencing with the first bill on the list. There
is no unfinished business in committee.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. But it has been otherwise
decided 011 former occasions.
[Cues of " Question!"]
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object, Mr. Chairman;
I object to all discussion.
Mr. DISNEY. I wish merely to have the rule
which 1 hold in my hand read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish the Chair to under-
stand that I object. It is a mode of discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule cannot be read,
as the gentleman from North Carolina persists in
his objection.
Tellers were ordered on the appeal; and Messrs.
Vail and Churchwell were appointed.
The question was then taken on the question,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" and it was decided
in the affirmative; the tellers having reported—
ayes 100, noes 88.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on the motion to lay aside
the deficiency bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Bocock were appointed.
Thequestion was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 103, noes 82.
So the deficiency bill was laid aside.
House bill No. 48 was then read by its title, as
follows:
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th June, 1855.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside bill
No. 48.
Mr. WHEELERdemanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler and Hamilton
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 103, noes 56.
So the bill was Laid aside.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
now rise, as I think we have done a pretty good
day's work. [Laughter.]
-Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers upon that
motion; which were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp
and Phillips were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 63, noes 96.
So the committee refused to rise.
The C£IA IRMAN. The Clerk will report the
next bill on the Calendar.
The Clerk read the title of House bill No. 95,
being a bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1855.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay the bill
aside.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will state his question of order.
Mr. HUGHES. It is, that there having been
no objection to the consideration of this bill, the
motion to lay it aside is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the j
question of order.
Mr. HUGHES. By the rules of the House, j
a motion to lay aside a bill is not in order unless '
objection be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
motion to lay aside is in itself an objection.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire of
the Chair, if the question upon the motion to lay
aside the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
has been stated and taken ?
The CHAIRMAN. That vote has been taken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask for tell-
ers upon the pending motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and Packer were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 34.
So the bill was laid aside.
The next bill on the Calendar was then reported,
as follows :
A bill making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail by ocean steamers
and otherwise during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1855.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to Jay that bill
aside.
Many Voices. Tellers.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope not. I hope that no
more time of the House will be consumed in
taking questions by tellers. There appears to be a
decided and clear majority in favor of laying aside
these bills.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. FARLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Lane, of
Indiana, and Skelton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 101, noes 21.
So the hill was laid aside.
The next bill in order was House bill (No. 97)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending 30th June, 1855. •
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move to lay aside
that bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Upon that motion I
demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Green and
Goodrich were appointed.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative; the tellers having reported
—ayes 98, noes 21.
So the bill was laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
title of the next bill on the Calendar.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
H. R. No. 8. A bill to repeal the first proviso
of the fourth section of the act entitled " An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," approved September 28,1850.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not know
but what I am undertaking to say that which I
ought not to; but, in my opinion, the committee
had better, by unanimous consent, for such evi-
dently is the design of the majority, lay aside all
of the bills on the Calendar, before the one in
reference to the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas.
[Cries of " I object!"   Let us do it!1' " Time
will be saved !" &c.]
Mr. HAVEN. 1 am as much opposed to the
Nebraska-Kansas bill as any gentleman on this
floor; but it is evidently the design of the commit-
tee to lay aside all the bills on the Calendar before
it, and we had better let it be done immediately
and save time.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection has been made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move to lay aside the
bill which has just been reported.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker, of
Indiana, and Seward, were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 101, noes 22.
So the bill was laid aside.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No. 9) " for the relief of the purcha-
sers and locators of swamp and overflowed lands."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the bill be
laid aside.
Mr. FARLEY on that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ritchie, of
Pennsylvania, and Keitt, were appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i wish to inquire whether
a vote has been taken on setting aside the French
spoliation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not. We are act-
ing on the bills seriatim, and we have not yet come
to the French spoliation bill.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes 19.
So the bill was laid aside.
House bill No. 116 was then read by its title, as
follows:
A bill making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending the 30th
of June,1855.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside this
bill.
Mr. EDGERTON demanded tellers; which
were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the bill was laid aside.
House bill (No. 117) was then read by its title,
as follows:
A bill to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of the claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside this
bill.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine, demanded tellers.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 move that the committee
rise.
Tellers were demanded and ordered upon Mr.
Matteson's motion; and Messrs. Pratt and
Walsh were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 93.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] to lay aside the French spoliation
bill.
Mr. MATTESON. And on that I ask for tel-
lers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Florence were appointed such tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 99t noes 32.
So the bill was laid aside.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
then reported, as follows:
H. R. No. 132. A bill to reduce and graduate
the price of the public lands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside that
bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson, and
Jones, of New York, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 102, noes 16.
So the bill was laid aside.
The next bill in order was House bill No. 172,
to promote the efficiency of the Army by retiring
disabled officers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside that
bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. Upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Ohio, and Lilly were appointed.
Thequestion was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 94, noes 24.
So the bill was laid aside.
The title of the next bill on the Calendar for
consideration was then read, as follows:
H. R. No, 34. A bill granting the right of way
and a donation of land to the State of Alabama,
in aid of the construction of the Coosa and Ten-
nessee river railroad, in said State, leading from
Gadsden to the Tennessee river, at or near Gun-
ter's Landing.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that that bill be
laid aside.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Bridges were appointed.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in theaflirmative, the tellers having reported—ayes
100, noes 18.
So the bill was laid aside.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No. 186) further to amend the act
entitled "An act to reduce and modify the rates of
postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1851.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that that bill
be laid aside.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were notordered, only twenty-one mem-
bers rising.
Joint resolution (No. 12) " to provide for the
continuance of the work on the Washington aque-
duct" was next in order on the Calendar.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move that that.joint
resolution be laid aside.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to amend th8 motion of the gentleman from
