422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
to the absoluteveto of agovernmentappointedhere.
The bill gives the appointment of the Governor to
the President. Heis made removable by the Pres-
ident. He holds his office only during Executive
pleasure; and this Governor, thus appointed, thus
removable, thus subject in all respects to Executive
control, is to have an-absolute veto on every act of
the Territorial Legislatuie. Is that non-interven-
tion ? That, sir, is one of the provisions which I
shall propose to strike from the bill.
Then, sir, every case between parties litigant
which arises under any act of the Territorial Le-
gislature, must, of course, come before the court.
Now, who are to be the judges of these territorial
courts? Are they to be elected by the people?
Appointed by the Legislature? Not at all. Every
one of them, under the provisions of this bill, is to
be appointed and commissioned here. So that alt
territorial acts,and all rights claimed under them,
uie to be brought under the revision of judges,
not responsible to the people of theTerntory, nor
deriving their powers from them, but dependent
wholly upon Executive patronage and favor—
judges appointed by the President, and, accoiding
to recent practice sanctioned by the Senate, re-
movable by him at pleasure. And this, sir, is not
all. Not only is the Territorial Legislature, under
the provisions of this bill, placed under the control
of an appointee of the Federal Executive; not only
are its acts subject to revision of judges appointed
and removable by the President, but all its legis-
lation is to be reported to Congress; and every net
may, if Congress shall see fit to disapprove of it,
be declared null and void.
1 call attention to these provisions, Mr. Presi-
dent, as features of a bill which, in my judgment,
are totally irreconcilable with the principle of non-
intervention upon which it is said the bill itself
is constructed. For the present, I only ask for a
vote upon the amendment I have offered. 1 pro-
pose, hereafter, to offer othei amendments designed
to remove this provision, and to carry out as far
as practicable the professed principle of the bill,
and refer all questions of legislation and adminis-
tration within the limits of the Territories to the
uncontrolled and unbiased judgment of the people.
Mr. BADGER. I was not in my seat when
the amendment was offered, and I do not know
that I have correctly understood its purport fiom ;
the remarks which have been made. Before sub-
mitting some lemaiks upon it, I ask that it may
be read.
It was read accordingly.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I have under-
stood, I find, correctly the purport of the amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. The purpose of the amendment, and the
effect of the amendment, if adopted by the Sen-
ate, and standing as he proposes, are clear and
obvious. The effect of the amendment, and the
design of the amendment, are to overrule and sub-
vert the very proposition introduced into the bill
upon the motion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories. Js not that clear ? The pro-
vision as it stands, since the amendment has been
adopted, is an unrestricted and unreserved refer-
ence to the Territorial authorities, or the people
themselves, to determine upon the question of
slavery, and therefore, by the very terms as well as
by the obvious meaning and legal operation of that
amendment, to enable them either to exclude or to
introduce or allow slavery.
If, therefore, the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio were appended to the bill in
the connection in which he introduces it, the neces-
sary and inevitable effect of it would be to control
and limit the language which the Senate has just
put into the bill, arid to g've it this construction:
that, though Congress leaves them to regulate their
own domestic institutions as they please, yet, in
regard to the subject-matter of slavery > the power
is confined to the exclusion or prohibition of it.
I say this is both the legal effect and the manifest
design of the amendment. The legal effect is ob-
vious upon the statement. The design is obvious
upon the refusal of the gentleman to incorporate
in his amendment what was suggested by my hon-
orable friend from Maryland, the propriety and
fairness of which was instantly seen by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields ]
, Is it proposed by the Senator to test the question
whether these people shall expressly have author-
ity to determine for themselves upon the existence
of thia domestic relation ? If so, and the language
just put into the bill is not sufficiently explicit, in
his estimation, is it not beyond all question that
you should putm the words "or introduce r" Un-
der the bill as it stands, the people may regulate
their domestic relations as they see fit; but, says
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, that shall
enable them, under the Constitution, to prohibit
slavery. "What is the effect of that amendment
but to modify, reduce, restrain, and bring down
the latitude of authority conferred upon them by
the previous language just incorporated into the
bill?
But, Mr. President, that this is the design of the
honorable Senator from Ohio lie has himself told
us; for in the speech which he delivered here the
other day, in commenting on the Missouri com-
promise, of the sacrosanct eharoctei of which he
ji seemed to have such a deep conviction and such
I] a profound leverence, what did he tell us? He
!i told us that th.it compromise contained an express
|J prohibition of slavery north of the line of 3(i° 30',
jj and no express allowance of it south of that line,
| though, the Senator confessed there was such an
: implication m favor of us allowance. And yet,
; what did the honorable Senator teli us, in that very
i speech which he has put forth to the world with
| the captivating title of "Maintain Plighted Faith?"
I Here was a compiomise,* according to his own
; declaration, containing an expie&s prohibition of
j slavery noith of a certain line, and an implied ad-
i mission or allowance of it south of the line; and
! he proposes to Maintain Plighted Faith—how? By
; regarding both parts of the agreement? By main-
taining the express exclusion and leaving the im-
plied admission? No, sir. Here is his own lan-
guage, which furnishes the commentary on his
motive for proposing this amendment, and serves
to explain his whole course on this bill:
£t We believe no pei manont adjuMnu'M of that question
pos-ibie, except by a retiu n to that oij«ihal policy oi Uie
i.illicit, ol the Republic, by which s-Uvery was u'.-ti icted
w it inn State limit-.; ami h-eedom, with out exception or iiiiiit-
a? roii? was lobe j-ecurett to eveij prison outride of State
limits, and undei the exclusive jurisdiction ol the Geneial
Government "
What, then, is that? It is insisting upon the
compromise so far as he likes; it is invoking
" plighted faith" to sustain the compromise so far
as he likes it, with a distinct announcement that,
so far as he does not like it, he goes for repudia-
ting it. What is the effect of that upon the Mis-
souri compiomise? It is to^convert it, not into a
compromise line, but to give it the same effect and
operation, in every respect whatever, as if that Mis-
souri compromise, instead of being that slavery-
should be prohibited north of 36° 30', had been, in
terms, that slavery shall be prohibited everywhere.
That is the maintenance of plighted fai'h! That is
the mode in which we are taught to regard the argu-
ments so pathetically urged to us, to maintain the
plighted faith of the Government! It is to take
what is offered, and to refuse the consideration.
It is to maintain what you have gotten upon a bar-
gain, and to deny that, in consideration of which,
what you have gotten was obtained. It is to say,
" adhere to a compromise on your part, which 1
utterly disregard and trample under foot."
Sir, is there any difference, in point either of
moral or of legal obligation, between an express
and an implied stipulation ? None. In the court
below, they hold every man as fully bound m an
implied engagement as by an express engagement.
11 is the engagement that constitutes the obligation.
It is binding m law; it is binding in morals. Honor
requires that he who has obtained from another
anything upon an implication that that other is to
receive something in return, should faithfully dis-
charge the obligation by which he has procured
that which otherwise would not have been given.
Now, Mr. President, I do not make these re-
marks by way of blaming the honorable Senator
from Ohio for the course which he thinks proper to
pursue. I have no right to blame him. I am no
tribunal to try him. But when the honorable gen-
tleman proposes an amendment of this character
to the bill, I cannot help seeing that, under his
notions with regard to his obligation to maintain
what he calls freedom to every human being under
the authority of the United States,and under the
view which he announces with regard to the oper-
ation of the Constitution of the United States, he
is bound to refuse to us everything: that he can be
bound by no bargain, and thatno stipulation which
could be made by this Senate, even with his own
assent, would bind him for an hour—I mean with
regard to the subject of slavery.
Why is it not clear? Suppose that the honor-
able Senator were to agree to a compromise now,
to allow the people in these Teriitories to choose
whether they would have slavery or not. Upon
his argument he could not be morally bound by-
it. Why ? He thinks the Constitution prohibits
slavery in the Territories; he thinks that the peo-
ple of the Territories cannot be allowed to intro-
duce slavery, even if they choose. I am not men-
tioning this as a matter of complaint; I am not
alleging it against him as blame, I am not affirm-
ing that it implies any moral turpitude in him. It
is the necessary logical consequence of the positions
which he lays down as fundamental on this sub-
ject; and therefore it is idle for us to talk about com-
promises with the honorable Senator; for the hon-
orable Senator who now puts li Maintain Phghted
Faith" at the head of hisspeech, published a speech
here during Congi ess when the compromise meas-
uie of 1S5U were adopted, which he headed with
the solemn title of " Freedom," I think it was, or
'"Liberty without Compromise." He is against
compromises, and yet calls upon us to enforce that
portion of the Missouri compromise by which our
lights were restricted, as we think.
Now, sir, the true, direct, and manly course to
meet this question is that suggested by my hon-
orable friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] Put
into your amendment that the people of the Ter-
ritories shall be at liberty to exclude or introduce;
and if there is anything in the Constitution of
the United Mates which disables a tenitorial
government fiom intioducing slavery, if the hon-
oiable Senator believes that, if he is sincere in
that opinion, there sits a tribunal below us who
will pass upon the validity and constitutionality
of any act that we may pass.
I have no hesitation, therefore, in saying that I
shall vote against the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio. The clause as it stands is ample. Jfc
submits the whole authority to the Teiritory to
determine for itself. That, in my judgment, is the
place where it ought to be put. If the people of
these Territories choose to exclude slavery, so far
from considering it as a w roiig done to me or to my
constituents, 1 shall not complain of it. It is their
own business.
Well, agzJRi, the Senator says that the bills passed
by the Territorial Legislatures are subject to the
approval or disapproval of the Governoi,and that
they are subject to the revision and disapproval
of Congress. Be it so; but not upon this subject
in particular. It applies to the whole legislative
power of the Territory. The Territory is not an
independent State. The Territory is not emanci-
pated from our paramount jurisdiction and con-
tiol, and there is no inconsistency whatever in
retaining in the bill these restrictive and revising
powers, and the bill stands with these complete
and fair. The restricting and revising power
which applies to the subject of slavery applies to
ji every other power of legislation. The bill does
| not select this case, as a case in which the aciion
of the Territorial Legislature shall be submitted to
the Governor; and having received tne sanction of
the Governor, it does not provide that in this case,
in regard to slavery, it shall come under the con-
sideration of Congress; but it is the precise pro-
vision, in so many words, which was incorporated
into the bills for the orgaimation of the territorial
governments of Utah and New Mexico, and is
in no way inconsistent with what the bill alleges,
and that is, that we intend to leave them freedom
upon this subject—just the same freedom that we
leave them upon any and every other subject of
legislation.
Mr. President, I am content with these remarks
on this point. I was necessarily absent in the
court below at the time when the honorable Sen-
ator from Texas concluded his rematks. 1 desire
to be heard upon this bill, and "upon the whole bill.
I am in favor of the bill; and I wish to show why
I am; and I wish to answer the objections which
I have heard taken against it in this Chamber, so
far as I think it necessary to do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Senator "will
allow me, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. PRATT. Oh, no; let us take the ques-
tion upon the amendment.
Mr. CASS. We cannot take the question yet
on this amendment. There is something more to
be said upon it.
