1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Illinois, by adding, " and the next one," so as to
lay two aside at once ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the bills must be laid aside seriatim, under the
rules of the House.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask for tellers on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robbins, and
Stuart, of Ohio, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 9G, noes 27.
So the bill was laid aside.
Senate resolution No. 4 was then read by its [
title, as follows: " Resolution authorizing the
President of the United States to confer the title
of lieutenant general by brevet for eminent ser-
vices."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside
this joint resolution.
Mr. SAGE demanded tellers; which were or- ;
dered; and Messrs. Ingersoll and Howe were j
appointed. !
The question was then taken, and. the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes 47.
So the bill was laid aside.
The Clerk reported the next bill on the Calen-
dar, which was House bill No. 138, extending
the provisions of the pension and bounty land
laws now m force, so as to include surgeony who
served in the Mexican war under contract with
commandants of regiments.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay the bill
aside.
Several Members. Tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Riddle and
Wade were appointed such tellers.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
i—ayes 97, noes 22.
So the bill was laid aside.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
then reported, as follows:
H. R. No. 43. A bill in relation to invalid pen-
sions.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay that bill
aside.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Middlkswarth appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 30.
So the bill was laid aside.
House bill No. 1U comins: up next in order for
consideration, was read by its title, as follows*:
A bill to amend the thiid section of an act grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged m the miluaiy service of
the (Jimed States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside the
bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Upon that motion I
demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, only twenty members
voting therefor.
The question was taken; and the bill was laid
aside.
NEBRASKA-KANSAS BILL.
House bill No. 236 coming up next in order
upon the Calendar for consideration, was read by
i ts title, as follows:
A bill to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
aside that bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move to take up that
bill
Mr. CAMPBELL. Was there not a motion
made to lay the bill aside? If there was not, I
make that motion. Now that we have o^one thus
far, I want to get at the Simon pure of the Senate.
I move to lay aside that bill; and upon the motion
I demand tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is in order.
Mr. ORR. It is equally in order to move to
lay aside and to take up the bill. I submit that
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois was first
made, and that the question must be first taken
upon it.
The CHATRMAN. The Chair has thus far
entertained the motion to lay aside, and he Will
adhere to the same course in this case.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not the slightest
objection to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. Its effect will be the same as mine.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckin-
ridge, and Smith of New York, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 85, noes 105.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is now before the
committee for consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now propose the bill
which 1 hold m my hand as a substitute for the
one before the committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is it in order to have
the bill read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to have the
bill lead. If the gentleman calls for its reading,
it will be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a very long
bill, and will occupy much time in its reading. I
would suggest that it be read by sections for
amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am on the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the rule is such, that if it be called for, the bill
must be lead.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw the call for the
reading of ihe bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission of j
the committee, I would now briefly sta'e the
reasons inducing rue to offer the amendment which
I have submitted. I do not design to go further,
at this time, than to explain as briefly as I can
the character of the substitute which I propose.
There arc very many things, Mr. Chairman, to j
which I should like to reply. There are very '
many arguments that have been used by gentle- !
men who ate opposed to this bill, the fallacy of 1
which I think I could very leadily expose. I do
not propose, however, to do so now. The reason !
why I do not propose to do so, is that 1 do not I
desire to occupy the time of the committee. I de- i
sue that those friends of the measure who are 1
anxious to be heard shall be heard, and when
they are ready to vote upon tins question 
Mr. COBB. Its enemies too.
Mr RICHARDSON Its enemies, too, though
they have been heard pretty extensively already.
Mr, COBB. Oh, give eveiy one a lair chance.
Mr. RICHARDSON. When they shall have
had an opportunity to discuss the measure, I have
no doubt it will be their desire, at a very early
day, to bring this question to a vote.
The substitute which 1 propose, Mr. Chairman,
is substantially the Senate bill with one material
exception; it leaves the CLAYTONamendmentout.
The other amendments aie utterly immalenal;
they are merely verbal amendments. My substi- ,
tute changes the bill in no material iespect, cxcept j
ui that to which I have referred.
The committee wdl excuse me if I forbear at
this time to enter into the varied field of discussion
to which this bill has led in this House, and at the
other end of the Canitol. I do not desire to dis-
cuss the bill. I desire that other members, who
are more anxious to discuss it than I am, shall do
so. I submit the substitute with this brief expla-
nation; and I have now said all I desire to say.
Mr. HIBBARD. I a&k the unanimous consent
of the committee to dispense with the reading of
the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Oh, no; we
want to hear it.
Mr. HIBBARD. My reason for asking to
dispense with the reading of the amendment is,
that I desire to address the committee in favor of
the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
committee to dispense with the reading?
[Cries of" No!" " No!"]
Mr. HIBBARD. I suppose that, if any one
member asks for the reading of the substitute, it
must be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from New Hampshire would suggest that, when
the committee rise, the House can order the
amendment to be printed, I suppose the reading
of it would not be insisted on.
Mr. HIBBARD. I will do that, in lieu of
moving to dispense with the reading of the substi-
tute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When we get into
the House, we ran then order the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Illinois to be printed.
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
committee to dispense with the reading of the
bill ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask the Chair if we
dispense with the reading of the proposition sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] whether we shall thereby waive the right
of offering amendments to it?
The CHAIRMAN. Nut at all; it will still be
open for amendments.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hibeard] wishes to address the committee. If
that is his desire, I am sure that no one of the
enemies of the bill will throw any obstacle in his
way. I hope he may be now allowed to proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. HIBBARD rose and addressed the Com-
mittee in favor of the Nebraska and Kansas bill.
A report of his speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. H. having concluded—
The floor was awarded to Mr. LYON, who
addressed the Committee in opposition to the bill.
His speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL here obtained the floor.
A Member. Will the gentleman from Con-
necticut yield for a motion that the committee rise.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"]
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the committee desire, I
am ready to go on now.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. HUGHES. I call for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips and
Norton appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, a further count not being demanded.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Olds) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particulaily the bill of the House (No. 236) to
organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that it was
the understanding in committee, that when we
came into the House we were to order this sub-
stitute to the Nebraska bill printed. It was with
that understanding that its reading was dispensed
with.
Mr. McNAIR. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The printing will be ordered,
unless objection be made.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. JONES. It is in order to move to sus-
pend the rules, is it not?
The SPEAKER.. It is in order.
Mr. JONES. 1 move that the lules be sus-
pended for that purpose. I would also remark to
the House that the Doorkeeper informs me that
the original Senate bill which was ordered to be
printed, one copy for each member, has been dis-
tributed to the members upon their order, so that
there are no copies left. I would suggest that this
i bill be ordered to be again printed for the use of
the House.
The question was taken upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and, upon a division, theie were
—ayes 79, noes 1; no quorum voting.
Mr, DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn
'Mr. CRAIGE. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet to-morrow, at ten
o'clock, a. m.
Mr. HOUSTON. Compromise, and move that
when the House adjourns it be to meet to-morrow,
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. WHEELER. There is ho quorum pres-
ent, and the motions submitted by gentlemen,
other than the one to adjourn, aie not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, no quorum being pres-
ent, cannot be put or carried.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the Chair
whether it would be in order for me to make a
