1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
motion affecting the sabject of the hour at which
we are to meet, to be considered to-morrow? I
do not want to do anything which may be disa-
greeable to the House; but there are many gen-
tlemen who desire to. speak on the Nebraska-
Kansas bill. That al! may have an opportunity,
we might meet earlier m the morning, or have
night sessions, f do not wanttheorderto extend
beyond this week,or while we are occupied in the
disposition of this subject.
Mr. DEAN. I have moved that the House do
now adjourn, and insist on the question being put
to the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
carried.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at four and a
half o'clock, p. m.) till to-morrow, at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 9, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting copies of his account
of receipts and disbursements for the Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, 1853;
which was ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Madison, Indiana, praying the establish-
ment of a portot entry at that place; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions passed at
a meeting of the students of Wilbraham Academy,
Massachusetts, remonstrating against the repeal
of the Missouri compromise; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, in favor of the establishment by the
United States, of floating schools for the purpose
of educating youth m the rudiments of navigation
and seamanship; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of George Washington
Greene, of Rhode Island, in which he states that
he is in possession of valuable documents belong-
in? to his late ancestor, Major General Greene,
and praying the aid of Congress in the publication
of them; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of H. S. Sanford, late charge d'affaires at
Paris, praying to be allowed the difference between
his pay as secretary of legation and charge d'af-
faires, during the time he acted as such, and the
reimbursement of the amount paid for cleik hire
in said legation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial ofTownsend
Glover, Darius Ciagett, and others, praying Con-
gress to make an appropriation to purchase Glo-
ver's collection of artificial fruits, now on exhibi-
tion at the United States Patent Office; which was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Robert
C. Schenck, of Ohio, praying an appropriation
for the compensation of his services as Envoy Ex-
traordinaryand Minister Plenipotentiary on special
missions to the Argentine Confederation and to
the Oriental Republic of Uraguay, in the years
1852-'53; which was referred to theCommittee on
Foreign Relations.
Mt. PRATT presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, professing the Jewish religion,
praying that measures may be taken to secure to
citizens of the United States of every religious
creed, while residing or traveling abioad, the
rights of religious worship ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, resolutions of the Mayorand City Council
of Baltimore, in favor of an appropriation for the
construction of Fort Carroll, near Baltimore;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial signed by
eight hundred and fifty-five citizens of New York,
praying the rejection of the bill for the organiza-
tion of the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, twenty-three memorials from citizens of
Ohio, and other States in the Union, against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CASS presented 'the memorial of the
delegates and representatives of that portion of
the Stockbrtdge tribe of Indians known as the
" Indian party," residing in Wisconsin, praying
that they may be permitted to remain in their
present homes, and that Congress will make an
appropriation to defray the expenses of their dele-
gation while visiting the seat of Government on
business of the tribe; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a petition of the Lutheran Synod of Mis-
souri, Ohio, and other States, praying that a
quarter section of land may be granted to the
head of every family of the Chippewa Indians,
residing in Michigan, and an appropriation for
the support of schools among those Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Harrisburgand
Aaronsburg, Pennsylvania, praying that measures
may betaken to secure to American citizens re-
siding or traveling abroad, the rights of conscience
and religious worship; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented additional documents
in relation to the petition of Caty White, widow
of Doctor William White; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills: ;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives;
of Captain William Davis, late commander of the 1
United States transport schooner Eufala;
Bill for the relief of Fayette Mauzy and Robert
G. Ward; and
Bill for the relief of the heirs of Anthony G.
Willis, deceased.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the above
named bills.
RECOMMITTAL OF PETITION, ETC.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Oidcred, That the adverse report of the Comrmfteft on
Pensions, on the petition of Caiy White, be recommitted,
together with her petition, to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of John T.
Hildreth, praying that the widow of John Hil-
dreth, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
may be alio wed a pension, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordeied to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill entitled An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act for the relief of the
inhabitants of the reserved township in Gibson
county, in the State of Indiana,' " approved Au-
gust 11,1845.
EUROPEAN PENAL CODES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed tor
Revived. That the Secretary of State furnish the Senate
with a euintnumcAiion from II. S. tfcinford, late eha gc
d'alf.iires ar Paris, on the different systems of p^nal codes
in Europe; and also a report on thn administration change?
in France since the revolution of J848.
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT S. P. LEE.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom the subject was referred, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resohe<f, That two thousand extra copies of the report
of the cruise of the •' Dolphin," under command of Lieu-
tenant S. P.Lee, be printed, and that the Navy Department
be furnished with one thousand of the same.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise, Mr. President, for the
purpose of saying a single word in explanation. I
stated yesterday that the Rev. Mr. Richardson,
from whose sermon 1 then quoted, was a Connecti-
cut man, as I believed. J have received a note
to-day, from a member of his congregation, who
happens to be in the city, stating that he is a Ken-
I tuckian, and not from Connecticut. He says Dr.
Richardson came from -Kentucky to him with a
letter of introduction from an eminent Kentuokian,
that he was present and heard that sermon deliv-
ered, and left the church because of its delivery on
the Sabbath day. I make this correction by the
authority of one of Mr. Richardson's congrega-
tion.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am very glad the Senator
has made the correction.
DAVrD MYERLE.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration the bill for the relief of David
Myerle. It was objected to on Friday last by a
single Senator, and was passed over.
1 he motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill.
This case has been eight years before Congress,
and has several times passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and been favorably reported on in the
Senate. It appears that, previous to the year 1840,
the memorialist had been long and extensively
engaged in the manufacture of cordage; and was
possessed of much useful knowledge on the sub-
ject of the growth, preparation, and manufacture
of hemp. It had long been considered an object
of the highest national importance, and as vitally
essential to our true independence of other nations
for one of the most important elements of national
defense, to introduce and establish the praticability
and safety of the process of water-rotting hemp in
the hemp-growing regions of the United States,
for the supply of its Navy and commercial marine.
It is claimed that Mr. Paulding, then Secretary
of the Navy, urged the memorialist to abandon
the business in which he was engaged, and to
enter upon the expeiimentof water-rotting hemp.
The patronage of the Government was tendered
to him, with the most liberal promises of encour-
agement and indemnity against loss, and if suc-
cessful, of the most generous reward from the
Government. He embarked in the business, and
hence his claim against the Government.
The PRESIDENT. There is an amendment
pending to this bill, and the question is on that
amendment, to strike out " $30,000," and insert
"$10,000."
Mr. GWIN. Who was it moved by ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] who is now absent.
Mr. CHASE. I do not see the Senator from
South Carolina in his place. Probably he wishes
to address the Senate on the subject, or, at all
events, desires to be present when the bill is taken
up and acted upon. It seems to me the usual
courtesy requires it to be postponed until he shall
be present. A majority can take it up atany time.
Mr. GWIN. I am not aware that the Senator
desired to discuss the bill. It has been before
Congress for a long time. I hope the bill will be
disposed of now, one way or the other. I have
not a word to say about it. I think the reading
of the report will show clearly the equity of the
claim.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] on Friday,consented that
the bill might be taken up, if he could be heard on
his amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I so understood him.
Mr. BADGER. He said he would agree to
take up the bill on condition that the Senate should
adopt his amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. That amendment was to
reduce the amount from $30,000 to $10,000. That
Senator is not now in his seat; of course he did
not expect that the question would come up this
morning. I hope my friend from California will
consent to wait until, at least, he can be heard
upon that amendment.
Mr. GWIN. This question has been before
Congress for many years. The bill has been re-
ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
is well understood, I presume, by the members
of this body. I think we can take the vote on
the proposition. There are others opposed to the
claim besides the Senator from South Carolina;
and we can take the vote in lus absence. If the
Senate agree to the amendment, and pass the bill
in that form, I shall not object. I am against the
amendment, but 1 wish to have it acted upon.
Mr. DAWSON. It isa mere matter of courtesy
on which I appeal to my friend from California.
