424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
Mr. DAVIS. I merely want to say, sir, that
I would prefer to have the whole bill read, with
the amendments, for the information of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
whole bill first, and then the amendments.
The bill was accordingly read.
The SPEAKER. The Senate propose to
amend the bill, as follows:
"Sec. 1, line 8, after the woid ^sea,' insert 'and to
Lieutenant Francis K. Murray, and any other officers or
seamen of the United States Navy who were on boaul the
said steamship under orduis.5 "
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bissell.) Do en the
committee recommend concurrence in this amend-
ment ?
Mr. BiSSELL. Yes, sir; the committee rec-
ommend concurrence in it. And I would say,
that the committee of the House intended to em-
brace Lieutenant Murray, of the Navy, in the ori-
ginaUnll. He wason board theship,under orders,
to join his squadron in the Pacific ocean. I pre-
sume the House will have no objection to the
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. BISSELL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I would
prefer to have the third amendment read next..
The SPEAKER. The Cierk will report the
third amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Src. 2, line 8, at the end of the section add the follow-
ing words: 'And that Ihe widows and imuor childien of
those officers, non commissioned officers, and privates who
perished by that disa&ter, or who died by diseus-e in conse-
quence theieof, ahall be allowed petitions m the same
manner, in all respect^, as if the said o!licei->. non-cominis-
sioned officers, and pnvates had been killed in battle.' "
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. BISSELL. Now let the second amend-
ment be read, in which the committee do not con-
cur.
The amendment was reported os follows:
"At the end of the first section add !he following: <Pro-
vided. that the amount of the pay and allowances advanced
to the oilicets and men, by ihe authority of the President,
previous to their embaikation, s-hall be brought to their
credit, and that their receipts for the same be canceled.' "
Mr. BfSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it will he re-
membered by this House, that before the embark-
ation of these soldiers for California, the President
directed that there should be advanced to them six
months'pay. Some of the officers and soldiers
availed themselves ot the privilege which was thus
allowed them. Others did not. Some received
two months' pay in advance; some four months';
some six months'; some none at alt. Thisamend-
ment provides that the amounts received by the
soldiers and officers, under that order, shall be
canceled. That would seem to operate unjustly,
inasmuch as many of these officers and men did
not receive any advance at alf; while others did
receive pay, varying some for two months, and
some for six months.
The committee were of opinion, therefore, that
the House ought not to concur in that amend-
ment; and they have recommended non-concur-
rence accordingly, with a view to ask for the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference from this
House to confer with the Senate committee;
which I think will result in making matters satis-
factory to us all.
The question was put on the amendment, and
it was not concurred in.
Mr, BIS8ELL. Mr. Speaker, if this be the
proper time, I would ask for the appointment of
this committee of conference to meet the Senate
committee.
The SPEAKER. The usual time for appoint-
ing the committee of conference is after the Senate
shall have acted on our rejection of their amend-
ment
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition and
papers of Samuel J. Raybourn, reported a bill for
his relief; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House.
Mr. BfSSELL. I have another report "from
the same committee, which is mislaid at this mo-
ment, and 1 ask the privilege of reporting it when
1 shall find it.
OBSTRUCTIONS TO UNITED STATES XAILS.
Mr, MILLION. I to a puvik-;;cil ques-
tion. Some ten or twelve days ago,, a bill to pre-
vent obstructions to the United States mails; or,
to describe U more accurately, to punish injuries
to railroads, was reported and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
afterwards, a motion was made to reconsider that
vote, which motion is still pending.
The Erie troubles, winch doubtless furnished the
occasion for reporting this bill, are said to be
quieted, and I understand there is no further dispo-
sition to press this motion to reconsider. But as
I do not know how soon other occurrences may
take place, there or elsewhere, which may tempt
the House to the exercise of such powers as are
contemplated by this bill, I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
title of the bill.
The title of the hill was read, as follows:
"A bill to secure the safe transmission of the
United States mails upon railroads."
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
reconsider the vote by which that bill was referred
to the Committeeofthe Whole House. The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] calls up
' that motion, and moves to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The question was then put, and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon tfye table.
REPORTS AGAIN.
On motion by Mr. CRAIGE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, to whom was referred the memorial ot Randall
Pegu, for additional pay tor -erviees as watchman to the
Patent Office in the years 1859-'50, be discharged troin the
further eoiisideiauon oi the same, and that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CRAIGE, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he if hereby, authonzed to eau-*e a supplemental contiaet
to be made with the cuntiartors ior the inaible tor the Cap-
itol ext«'ii«ion tn procure the column- and a-.hlar in larger
block-* than lequtied by the specifications oi their present
contncf.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to make a short state-
ment m leference to that resolution, showing the
necessity of its passage.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman intended the resolution as a joint one.
it is not so by its form.
Mr. CRAIGE. I did intend it assuch.
The SPEAKER. The alteration in form will
be made, and then the resolution will be read a
second time.
The resolution was accordingly modified, and
read a second time, by its title, as a joint resolu-
tion, in reference to contracts for the extension of
the Capitol.
Mt. CRAIGE. On the 19th day of September,
1851, a contract was entered into between Mr.
Walter, the architect of the Capitol, and certain
gentlemen, for the marble work to be used for the
extension of theUnited States Capitol. The archi-
tect agreed to pay these parties " at the rate of 65
cents per cubic foot for all blocks of marble con-
taining thirty cubic feet or less, and $1 98 per
cubic foot for all blocks of marble containing over
thirty cubic feet, according to the provisions, con-
ditions, and requiiements of the agreement.55
According to the eleventh specification of the
contract, " the shafts, exclusive of the capital and
the lower diameter to be three feet, and the upper
basp, were to be twenty-five feet five inches high,
diameter two feet seven inches. The upper torus
of the base to be cut on the lower frustum of the
shaft, and none of the frusta of the shaft to be less
than four feet m height.5' Those who have charge
of the extension now desire to have these blocks
m large pieces. At the time the contract was made,
it was supposed that tiiey could not be so fur-
nished; but the committee understand now, from
those having charge of the quaines from which
the marble is supplied, that blocks in large pieces
can be furnished; but they refuspd to furnish them
at the prices at which they had agreed to furnish
the smaller.
According to the twenty-fifth specification, "the
ashlar work throughout the buildings was to have
beds from nine to eighteen inches, cut square
throughout the entire thickness of the stone, and
to be slightly free from the square on the front
edge, to p -event fracture at the joints."
Tho architect and snpermtemleni of this work
thi .Hv that these beds ought to be eighteen inches,
and two leet arid six inches; but the contractors
refuse to furnish them at the low prices at which
they were to furnish the other beds.
In order that we may therefore get the necessary
supply of marble to carry on this work, I think
it necessary that a change in the contract should
be made. At the last session of Congress, the
work of the Capitol was required to be measured
according to the existing contract. The superin-
tendent of the work did not feel himself at liberty
to order the blocks of the size which the archi-
tect required without the concurrence of Congress,
and therefore the committee having this matter in
charge have directed me to report the resolution
which has been read, and which I ask may be put
upon its passage now.
Theresolution was then ordered to be engrossed,
and having been engrossed, was then read the third
time.
The question then being, " Shall the resolution
pass?" it was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, made an adverse report
in the case of J. R. Sands, of the United States
Navy; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the United
States Navy, which was read the first and second
time by us title.
Mr. P. said: There are circumstances connected
with this bill which, if they were brought to the
attention of the House, would, 1 think, induce the
House to pass the bill at once. It provides for
no appropriation, and avoids that question entirely.
The bill has passed the Senate twice, and has only
faded to pass this House from want of time. It
proposes to leave the settlement of the accounts in
this case entirely with the Auditor. It simply
grants the power to a lieutenant in the Navy to
settle his accounts, for until they are settled he
cannot go into service. He has been in Wash-
ington for some three years, detained from service.
On this account 1 ask that the bill be put upon its
passage.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Navy to caijse the accounts of W. D. Porter, a
lieutenant in the Navy of the United States, for
moneys actually expended by him in bringing
Amin Bey and suite to the United States, in con-
formity with the request of the Hon. George P.
Marsh, the Minister of the United States at Con-
stantinople, to be audited and settled, provided that
the whole sum shall not exceed $2,204 32.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 submit that the
bill makes an appropriation, and that, in accord-
ance with the rules of the House, must be first
considered in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PERKINS. The bill makes no appropri-
ation.
The SPEAKER. The bill will again be read,
and the Chair will,then deferminewhetheritmust
go to the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. PERKINS. The Chair will perceive that
it makes no appropriation, It simply guards
against an excess being paid to Lieutenant Porter.
It does not say that even one dollar is due to him,
but simply soys that the Secretary of the Navy
may audit and settle his accounts, and guards
against paying moie than a certain smount.
The SPEAKER. Under the provisions of the
bill, if any money shall be found due to Lieuten-
ant Porter, the Chair thinks he could draw it with-
out any further legislation. In accordance with
the rules and usages of thp House, therefore, it
must go to the Committee of the Whole House,
unless, by unanimous consent, the rule be set
aside.
Mr. PERKINS. If that be the case, I have no
desire to press the passage of the bill upon the
House now. I move that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill accord-
ingly referred.
* Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported " A bill for the relief of
E. A. F. Levalette, a captain of the United States
Navy;'5 which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of the
