1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
1 may be with him upon the bill; but if he were !
out of his seat, and it were proposed to take up a :
bill on which he wished to be heard, I should
make the same point that I now do as a matter of
courtesy.
Mr. GWIN. I did not understand the Sena-
tor from South Carolina as exactly proposing; his
amendment; certainly not as wishing; to be heard
upon it. He agreed that, if $30,000 should be
stricken out, and $10,000 inserted, the bill might
pass without opposition from him. On that day,
any one Senator could have a private bill post- j
poned.
Mr. BADGER. I hope this bill will not be ;
postponed. The Senate has been conversant with
this measure for a number of years. It has, at
different times, passed both Houses of Congress. |
It is perfectly understood. I understand the ques- 1
tion raised by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina was merely as to the amount to be paid.
Upon that question the Senate is perfectly compe- ,
tent to decide at the present time. At any rate, I
see that the honorable gentleman is now in his j
seat. j
Mr. BAYARD. I have no recollection of the ,
particular facts connected with this claim. I be- ;
lieve, however, that it is a gratuity throughout.
But I do recollect that at the last session of 1852,
the claim was opposed by the honorable Senator
then representing the State of Kentucky, [Mr. j
Underwood,] in an argument, which made the !
impression on my mind at the time, that the bill j
ought not to pass. I know further that aveiy
distinguished Representative from Kentucky, in ,
which State I believe the claimant lives, stated to i
me that the claim was utterly baseless. Under j
these circumstances I should like to have the re- !
port read. I wilt state further that I can conceive j
of no possible ground on which, in giving a gra- |
tuity to a party—for this is certainly a gratuity— !
you are to allow him interest upon it, which this ;
bill contemplates. If the bill is now to be put to ;
the vote of the Senate, I ask that the report may
be lead.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
was accordingly read.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this bill until Friday next, or I am
willing to say to-morrow, or any day which will
suit the convenienceof the Senate. 1 wish to have
an opportunity to look at the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,]
in opposition to this bill. I have now a very ;
indistinct impression of them; but I know that at I
the time they were made, they satisfied me that 1
the claim was not a just one. I can see on the
face of the report—without reference to the mag-
niloquent language employed in some portions of
if, evidently delusive in its character—enough to
satisfy me that this bill is dangerous as a piece- ,
dent. If, however, I can find nothing in the re- j
marks made by the late Senator from Kentucky
to justify opposition to the bill, I shall probably ;
make none, j
As it now stands, the bill seems to me to be I
based upon a false principle. In reference to your !
tantf policy you have derided that you will not
grant even indirect protection by levying duties
with a view to protection; yet here we are asked
to give a specific bounty to an individual for
entering into a particular business, and that, too,
when he did not comply with the verv terms of
the contract which he entered into. He did not
fulfill the requisites specified in that contract, and
yet you are literally asked to give him a specific
bounty for having introduced a certain business
into this country. That business, of water-rotting1
hemp, is no more important, I suppose, than the
manufacture of iron; yet, within the last few
weeks, 1 have seen a proposition made to takeoff
entirely, all duties on railroad iron, although there j
are millions of dollars invested in its manufacture, !
under the faith of your laws, and that interest, ;
certainly, is quite as extensive as any benefits :
which could be conferred by the action of this in- !
dividual. 1
You are to grant bounties, in one case, to an !
individual for a particular species of manufacture,
and in another case you are to depart from your :
revenue system, to destroy the entire protection i
afforded to a great interest m the country, quite as ,
important m itself. This seems to me to be hardly j
a consistency in legislation; I mean a consistency I
with any known principle, i would rather, how- !
ever, take time to look into the objections made to
this bill in 1852 by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky.
1 may state further that, a distinguished Repre-
sentative of Kentucky, in the other House, told
me that the bill was baseless, as regards any right
on the part of the claimant, that he was a mail
without property at the time he entered into this
business, and that there was no business, no cap-
ital abandoned by him in order to enter into it.
Supposing him to have had industry and skill, if he
failed to comply with his contract, of course he was
not entitled to call upon the government to remun-
erate him. Then as regards the contract made by the
Secretary of the Navy with this individual, i look
upon it as directly in the face of your laws, and con-
trary to all principle. He entered into a contract
with an individual, not with a view to obtain the
articles which that contract specified should be
obtained, but under some exaggerated notion on
his pait, that he would assume the province of
legislation, and undertake to encourage the growth
of a particular article, by entering into a contract
for that purpose, outside the terms of the general
law. i think that this principle is too monstrous
to be countenanced by congressional legislation at
all. Still that is the substance of the contract
made by Mr. Paulding, according to the report.
He was authonzed, as Secretary of the Navy,
to enter into contracts for the supply of the Navy
with cordage. He did not enter into contracts
with a view to obtain the supply necessaiy for
the Navy, but he. made a contract with this indi-
vidual with the view, under his notions, of intro-
ducing into the country a paiticular species of
manufacture. Do you mean to confide to your
Executive Departments any such authority as that?
Even suppose his judgment to be right, if you set
the precedent m this case, you will have other
Secretaries following the same example, and you
will have brought upon you, m one case after
another, this difficulty.
Every experimentalist who chooses to go to a
Secretary of War or of the Navy, and obtain his
favorable ear, and enter into contracts, not for ar-
ticles wanted for the purpose of the public service,
but with the view of introducing some beneficial
business into the country, by giving extraordi-
nary compensation, will be allowed to do so. This
seems to me to be a sufficient objection to the bill
in itself. 1 would rather, however, as 1 have said,
look into the subject. 1 move, therefore, that its
further consideiation be postponed until Friday
next, or to any other day that the Senate may
choose.
Mr. EVANS. On Friday last, when this bill
was taken up, I objected to its consideration. I
was satisfied that the claim ought not to be paid.
I should probably have known nothing of it, but
that the memorialist sent me an argument on the
subject. 1 read it, and read the evidence, so far
as it was furnished to me, and the result was that
the evidence did not satisfy me of the truth of the
propositions on which the claim rests.
The claim rests fust, upon the allegation that by
way of patronizing this process of lotting Amer-
ican hemp, Mr. Paulding, the thpn Secretary of the
Navy, had entered into certain agieements with the
claimant. Now, 1 have no doubt that Mr. Pauld-
ing went so far as to enter into an agreement
with him and patronize his hemp, so far as to buy
hemp of him, and make a contract for two hun-
dred tons directly, and a prospective contract for
five hundred more. So far 1 have no doubt the
contract went; but that Mr. Paulding intended to
commit this Government to do what he had no
right to do—to give premiums to encourage the
process—I do not believe, i see no evidence of it.
The next proposition is, that when the hemp
was sent to Boston, it was improperly rejected.
1 have seen nothing to show the truth of that;
and 1 will not assume that the officers of the Gov-
ernment improperly rejected the man's hemp,
when it ought to have been received. Af'tei Mr.
Paulding went out of office, how did it happen
with hts successor? Application should have been
made to the successor to have the thing corrected.
Why was it delayed? If the man had a legitimate
claim, he should have applied to the proper officer
of the Government, when his claim was rejected—
he should have applied to the Secretary of the
Navy immediately to have the affair understood,
i am not prepared to say that the claimant ought
not to have something, but I think we are giving
rather too high a piemium for what I consider a,
doubtful claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weiler
in the chair.) The question is on postponing the
further consideration of the bill until Fuday next.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that the bill will not
be postponed, it has been before the Senate ever
since I have been a member of the body, and it has
passed, at different times, both Houses of Con-
gress. 1 once had occasion to examine it, and I
examined it thoroughly, and I am satisfied that it
is a just and honest demand upon this Govern-
ment, and that we cannot refuse to pay it without
doing injustice to this man, who has been ruined
in the manner set forth in the report of the com-
mittee.
When the subject was under consideration a
few years ago, a brief explanation of it was made
by my friend, Mr. Berrien, then a Senator from
Georgia, which was so clear in statement and so
conclusive in argument, that I am persuaded, if it
had been repotted and preserved as it ought to
have been, it would have removed every shadow
of doubt from the mind of every Senator.
' Mr. BAYARD. Is it not reported ?
Mr. BADGER. I have looked for it, and can-
not find it. I have looked through the Register of
Debates, but without success. Now, sir, justice
delayed is as injurious and unjustifiable as justice
denied. Let us ascertain, now, what is the judg-
ment of the Senate upon the measure. My opin-
ion is, that we shall never be better prepared to
do it than we are at this time. I hope whatever
be the fate of the bill, that it will not be postponed.
Mr. BAYARD. If it were right or proper to
depend upon the statement or opinion of any
single member of the body as to the propriety of
passing a claim, of course, on the argument ad-
dressed by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina to the Senate, we ought to pay this
claim. He has examined it, and is perfectly sat-
isfied that it ought to pass; but unfoitunately Sen-
ators may differ on the case; and it seems to me
that every man ought to decide from his own
judgment upon the propriety of allowing such a
claim, instead of taking altogether the opinion of
any other Senator, when they have the means of
investigation.
I do not desire to delay action upon the claim.
Unfortunately, through some accident, which cer-
tainly seems singular, the remarks of the Senator
from Georgia, which were so clear as to lead to
the regret expressed by the Senator from North
Carolina that we have them not before us, seem to
have been lost; but I am very sure that no member
of the body could make a statement which would
make clear a claim better than that honorable
Senator could do himself; and 1 would rather have
the statement of the facts than take a mere opinion,
because, I confess, that on the face of that repot t,
it does seem to me that the claim is one which
violates every principle in its allowance. I desire
to look into the grounds of it.
I admit that the giounds of the claim, as stated
in the report, cover up a great deal. I admit that
there is a great deal of delusive language which is
calculated to appeal to the sympathy and feelings.
All that I concede, but as regards the number of
reports which have been made in favor of the
claim, I confess that, with my experience here,
they have no weight with me. I have yet to see
a favorable report made, where subsequent favor-
able reports do not follow it, as sheep follow each
other m a flock. When any favorable report is
made, another committee will not take the trouble
to investigate it, but will take the former report of
the committee, follow it, and adopt it as their re-
port. Therefore, one report is of as much weight
with me as half a dozen. That is the opinion at
which I have arrived, after some very searching
scrutiny and examination in reference to matters
of this kind.
What I desire to do is this. The very intelligent
Senator who represented the State of Kentucky
in the Senate, opposed the bill strongly, when it
was up m 1852. I desire to look at his remarks.
They are reported, I have no doubt. I desire
to see his objections to the bill, because I have
heard objections to it, and—here is opinion against
\ opinion—I have had a statement made to me by
an honorable and distinguished member of the
other House, that this claim is baseless, because
the claimant was a man of no capital, and that if
anything is due to any one, there are other par-
