1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
burned, and his clothes destroyed; that he has
suffered great pain and distress, and was confined
for upwards of a month, losing his time and sub-
jected to expenses for medical attendance; and that
for this damage he rendered a bill to the Treasury
Department of fifty-five dollars, in November,
1849, through Hugh Maxwell, Esq., then collec-
tor of the pqrtof New York.
The bill was laid'aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it
House bill " for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Charles Pavie."
; The bill, which was read, proposes that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office be au-
thorized and required to correct the error in the
description of the claim for land by Charles Pavie
(No. 3") in the report of the register and receiver
of the land office at Oua.chita, Louisiana, dated
July 24, 1837, and confirmed by the act entitled
"An act confirming certain land claims in Louis-
iana," approved July 6,1842, and to have the
same located on the south or rightside of Red river
descending, not exceeding the quantity claimed
and confirmed as aforesaid; provided, that this is
only to operate as a quit claim on the part of the
United States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " to revive the act approved March 3,
1823, and the act approved May 26, 1824, sup-
plemental thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo
claims to land in Louisiana."
The bill provides that the act approved March
3, 1823, entitled " An act providing for the exam-
ination of the titles to land in that part of the
StateofLouisianasituated between the Rio Hondo
and the Sabine river,"and the act approved May
26, 1824, entitled " An act supplementary to an
act providing for the examination of titles to land
in that part of the State of Louisiana situated be-
tween the Rio Hondo and the Sabine," shall be
revived for and during the space of two years
from the promulgation of this act. And it also
provides that the register and receiver at Natchi-
toches shall, severally, receive, as a full compen-
sation for the duties required of them by the acts
herein revived, (he sum of fifty dollars whenever
they shall have finished the business required of
them by the acts herein revived, and shall for-
ward their reports to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
IJouse bill "authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay John Charles Fremont for beef
furnished the California Indians."
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the sum of $183,825, with interest
thtreon from June 1, 1801, at the rate of ten per
r.ent. per annum, to John Charles Fremont, in
full of his account for beef delivered to Commis-
sioner Ktirbour for the use of the Indians in Cal-
ifornia in 1851-'52.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill "authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Thomas Jor-
dan, assistant quartermaster in the United States
Army."
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to audit and settle, upon the principles of
equity and justice, the accounts of Thomas Jor-
dan, assistant quartermaster in the United States
Army, arising out of his disbursements as dis-
bursing officer of the quartermaster's department
at the city of Vera Cruz, Mexico, from August
It), 1847, to August 1, 1848.
The hill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the settlement of the claims of
W. P. Buckner and Pierce Crosby, passed mid-
shipmen in the United States Navy."
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to adjust and settle the
claims of W. P. Buckner, passed midshipman,
and Pierce Crosby, passed midshipman and act-
ing master in the United States Navy, for a
share of the proceeds of the sale of the schooner
Oregon and cargo, seized and confiscated in the
month of April, 1843, under the President's regu-
lations of March 1, 1847, at the port of Tampico
-during the war with Mexico, and to pay the said
claims out of any moneys in the Treasury arising
from military contributions collected in Mexico
in pursuance of the regulations of the President,
before referred to; provided, that before any
money is paid in these cases, any claim submit-
ted by the owners of the vessel beforementioned,
for remission of the penalty and the payment of
the proceeds under the confiscation, shall first be
duly examined and decided by the Secretary of
the Treasury, under the direction of the President
of the United States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " fortherehef of Dr. S. R. Addison,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Navy."
The bill was read. It requires the accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow and pay to Dr. S.
R.Addison, passed assistant surgeon in theNavy
of the United States, the difference of pay between
that of his grade and a surgeon, from April 4,1848
until June 1, 1850, being the period during which
he served as surgeon on board the United States
sloop-of-war Saint Mary's, and that the same be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill "for the relief of Herman Chitten-
den."
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Herman Chittenden upon the
pension roll, and cause to be paid to him the sum
of eight dollars per month so long as he shall live,
commencing March 1,1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of William Gove, of
Maine."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William Gove, of the State of
Maine, upon the pension rolls, and cause him to be
paid the sum of eight dollars per month, so long
as he shall live, commencing January 1, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for therelief of Jonathan Pearce."
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Jonathan Pearce, of Muskin-
gum county, Ohio, upon the pension rolls, and
cause to be paid to him the sum of eight dollars
per month, so long as he shall live, commencing
January 1, 1854.
Mr. BALL. I ask that the report be read.
The report of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions was read. It appears from it that Jonathan
Pearce was a private in Captain James Brown's
company of Colonel Miller's regiment of Ohio
militia, as substitute for his brother, who was
drafted in August, 1812, at Zanesville, Ohio, and
served six months, when he was honorably dis-
charged. The original certificate of discharge is
on file in the Pension Office in an application for
bounty land. That Pearce was one of a company
despatched on an expedition against the Indians,
and was absent eight days, and had food for five
days only. That m consequence of lack of food
anu exposure he took sick, and remained so for
six weeks, then partially recovered, and served out
his time. That soon afterwards his disease settled
in his limbs, producing chronic rheumatism, and
he has suffered from it ever since. And that, for
the last twenty or twenty-five years he has hob-
bled round on crutches; he is now aged sixty-
three; incurable, and a man of good character.
Mr. BALL. I ask the attention of the com-
mittee for a very few moments. 1 presume there
is no objection to this bill, but I want the pension
of this m.-'.n to commence two years back. The
application was made two years ago, but the
case has been delayed to this time. He is con-
fined to his bed, and is able neither to get in or
out of it, and for the last twenty-five years he has
not been able to perform a single day's labor, all
resulting from exposure upon the Maumee river,
and sleeping on the snows during the campaign
of 1812. I move that the bill be amended by
striking out "eighteen hundred and fifty-four,®'
and inserting "eighteen hundred and fifty-two."
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection being made, the bill was then laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of William Parker."
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to cause to be paid to William
Parker, of New York, the sum of four dollars per
month so long as he shall live, commencing Jan-
uary 1, 1853. This sum to be in addition to the
pension of four dollars per month granted him by
the act of May 19,1824.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill "for the relief of Zebina Rawson."
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Zebina Raw-
son upon the pension roll, and to pay him eight
dollars per month from March 1, 1852, during his
natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of Gideon Hotch-
kiss." [Objected to by Mr. Peck.]
Senate bill " for the relief of David Myerle."
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is hardly worth while
to read the bill in that case, as it is a very much
controverted one.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the bill be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will not object, if any
one insists upon having the bill read.
The bill was read.
Mr. MURRAY. I object to that bill.
The bill was accordingly laid over under the
rule.
Joint resolution " for the relief of John A.
Bryan."
The resolution, which wa* read, directs the Sec-
retary of War to receive proof of the number of
days that John A. Bryan was engaged in the dis-
charge of the duties of a commissioner to make
and carry into effect a treaty with the Wyandotte
Indians, being appointed commissioner for the
purposes aforesaid by the Secretary of War, on
the 19th of April, 1836, and to pay the said
Bryan at the rate of eight dollars per day whilst
so engaged, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, deducting therefrom
any amount that said Bryan may have heretofore
received for said services.
The report shows the facts upon which the pe-
titioner's claim againsttheGovernment isfounaed
to be as follows; On the 19th of April, 1836, the
petitioner was appointed a commissioner, by the
Secretary of War, Mr. Cass, to make and carry
into effect a treaty with the Wyandotte Indians.
His duties were prescribed by the Secretary of
War, and his compensation fixed at eight dollars
per day. The petitioner discharged the duties
thus imposed upon him.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Andrew H. Pat-
terson." [Objected to by Mr. Edgerton.]
House bill " for the relief of Polly Carver,
widow and executrix of Nathan Caiwer, de-
ceased."
The bill, which was read, provides that the sum
of §334 79 be appropriated, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment and full satisfaction of the claims
against the Government of the said Polly Carver,
as widow and executrix of the said Nathan Car-
ver, deceased.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of Asbury Dickins."
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
Senate bill "for the relief of Zachariah Law-
rence, of Ohio."
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to Zachariah Lawrence, of Morgan county,
in the State of Ohio, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
#2,645 40, his portion of the prize money for cap-
turing and taking into the port of Passamaquoddy,
1 in 1813, the British sloof) Venture.
The Committee of Claims reported the follow-
ing amendment:
Add at the end of the bill these words: " And there shall
be paid to each of the other persons composing the boat's
crew, severally, or to their legal representatives, the sum of
$1,322 70, as the share of each in the capture of the said
sloop Venture, on satisfactory proof being made to the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury of their being such persons, or their
legul representatives.
Mr. MILLSON. I find that this bill has been
