1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
ties to whom it should be paid, and it should not
be paid to this party who was not injured at all.
1 want to look into the facts and the objections
which are made to the claim. I do not desire to
defeat it by a postponement, nor do I think there
is any unreasonable delay in the matter. It is a
private claim, and as such is entitled to come up
on private bill day, like any other private claim to
be disposed of. It has not been the desire, that I
know of, of any one opposed to it, to delay its
consideration. On the contrary, I recollect that
on one or two days when it would have been
brought up, it was passed over in consequence of
the honorable Senator who reported it [Mr. Thom-
son, of New Jersey] being absent. Therefore
its friends have created the delay, and not those
opposed to it. It may be that, on further investi-
gation, I may abandon my objections; but I do
desire further time; and I will promise to look into
it between this and Friday next. Therefore, I
move to postpone it.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I should like to know from the
honorable Senator from South Carolina whether
there is any proof which establishes the fact that
the hemp was water-rotted under the direction of
this man, in consequence of a contract made by
the Secretary of the Navy ?
Mr. EVANS. If I read the evidence aright, it
does not establish that fact.
Mr. DIXON. The committee stated that that
was the evidence; and if that is the fact, Mr.
President, I do not see why the amendment of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina should
prevail. On the contrary, it appears to me, if he
had a contract, and if the contract was violated;
if the Government is bound by the contract made
by its agent, for the water-rotting process, such
as is described to you; if, under this contract, he
expended large sums of money; if, as is alleged,
his health was injured m the matter; and if, after
all this, the hemp was improperly rejected by the
Government ag;ent, surely it is a case that appeals
strongly to the sense of justice of the Government;
and, for one, I am not disposed to vote against it.
Then, if the contract were entered into, and if
it were such as he represents it was, why shall
we reduce the amount from $30,000 to $10,OUO?
If he sustained losses to the amount of $30,000,
and if the claim is just, it is just for the whole
amount. I understand that the losses which he
sustained were even greater than #30,000.
Mr. EVANS. That does not appear.
Mr. DIXON. I have not examined the testi-
mony; but I understand, from the reading of the
report, that the opinion of the committee was,
that his losses were even greater than $30,000. If
they were greater, it is right to give him all or
nothing. If he has any claim, it is to the amount
of his losses; and especially if those losses resulted
from the fact that the Government agent acted
improperly and unjustly in rejecting his hemp.
That is thepoint. I know notlnngof thegiounds
upon which my honoied predecessor opposed the
claim. I understand that there was some contest
between a citizen of Kentucky and this claimant,
the citizen of Kentucky insisting that some por-
tion of the claim was due to him for moneys
which he had advanced to the memorialist. All
that may be true. 1 know nothing about it. I
have no knowledge of the fact.
The only question which presents itself to my
mind is this: Wasthis contractentered into? Had
the claimant a right to believe that the Govern-
ment would pay him for the losses which he sus-
tained, or for the hemp which he might have fur-
nished to the Government, in pursuance of the
contract entered into ? Did he, in pursuance of that
contract, furnish the hemp? Was the hemp such
as he agreed to furnish, and was it improperly
rejected? If these facts are established, I see no
reason why we should not pass the bill allowing
the compensation.
Mr. BAYARD. If the case were such as
seems to be supposed by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, I should not oppose U; but, on
the contrary, that is not the ground upon which it
is placed by the committee. It is not placed on
the ground that the Government violated a con-
tract. It is true, they throw into the report the
idea that the administrative officers, under the con-
tract, improperly rejected the hemp.
But the testimony further shows, on the report
of the committee, that the Government did ad-
vance a large portion, or some portion—if I recol-
lect aright, one half the amount—but 1 believe no
estimate is given by the committee; they give us
no data upon which to form our judgment. We
are not shown how much per ton was to have
been given for the hemp. We are not told how
much was lost on the contract, nor is the claim
put upon the ground that the Government were
bound to pay on the contract; but it is put upon
the ground of a bounty to the party, arising from
the fact that the Secretary of the Navy, contrary
to his powers, undertook to enter into a contract
to give a bounty, for the purpose of introducing
a specific business into the country. It is on that
score that my greatest objection to the bill rests;
it is sanctioning and legalizing an improper exer-
cise of power on the part of an officer of the Gov-
ernment, which may be followed in other cases,
if it is sanctioned in this.
1 should have wished further time to look into
the case. The Senate think proper, however, to
pass upon it without further investigation; they
think it is not proper to allow any examination in
a case of this kind, which is so abundantly clear.
They are so perfectly familiar with all the facts,
that they are satisfied that the claim ought to pass.
' I shall vote fortheamendment of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, because there are
no data given to me to show that any amount
whatever ought to be paid; and, therefore, I shall
vote to reduce it to the lowest sum. I shall after-
wards move, if that is lost, to strike out the allow-
ance of interest; for there is no possible ground on
which any such allowance can be granted in this
case, upon any known or given principle recog-
nized even in this body.
If this fail, I shall still vote against the bill, be-
cause I cannot perceive that there is any legitimate
claim for it on the Government whatever, even
taking the tone and language of the report, though
i I admit there is a mystery about the language. It
I wants specific character; it does not put the claim
upon a fair basis, though it throws in ideas con-
nected with the contract, without venturing to
allege that there is any ground for the claim, be-
cause of the violation of the contract on the part of
the Government.
Mr. H (INTER. If the Senate is ready to take
a vote on the bill I shall not make the motion; but
if it is not ready, I must move to postpone the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. EVANS. I moved the amendment be-
cause I understood that at a former session of the
Senate, when Mr. King was here, the amount was
reduced to $10,000. Whether that was so or not
I shall not positively state.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. That is the case. •
Mr. EVANS. I understand that was the fact;
the amount was reduced to $10,000.
Mr. PETTIT. This is an old settler with me.
This case was in the other House when I was
there; and ! examined it very thoroughly; and I
then satisfied my mind that beyond question it was
a good claim. I have seen no reason for changing
that opinion. 1 shall therefore vote for the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill by
striking from it the words "with interest thereon
from the first day of January, 1850." 1 see no
ground for the allowance of interest. On the
amendment 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.PETTIT. That is thetime, I understand,
when the claim was established. What fixes the
time at that date?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
who reported the bill [Mr. Thomson, of New Jer-
sey] is not present.
Mr. BAYARD. There is nothing whatever in
the report which shows any reason for allowing
interest upon the claim. The debt, whatever it is,
is unquestionably in the nature of a gratuity on
the part of Congress, in my view; but there eer-
! tainly is not a word in the report which shows any
: reason for allowing interest upon the claim from
! that time, or from any other time. The business
I was commenced in 1841, and the contract was ful-
| filled on the part of the contractor as early as the
1st of December, 1842; so that if there was any
right to interest, 1 think it ought to be based upon
that ground, and it should commence in Decemoer,
1842; but I cannot see any ground for its allow-
ance.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 10; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Bayard, Benjamin,
Bright, Ca«s, CUy, Dawson, D xon, Dodge of Wisconsin,i
Dodge of Iowa, Evaos, Fitzpatrtck, Hunter, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Norris, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Slide!!,
Stuart, Toombs, and Toucey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Douglas, Fish,
Foot, Pettit, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, and Weiier
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenateasamended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
On the question of ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading,
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell,Benjamin,Bright, Brown,
Chase, Dixon, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Douglas, Fish, foot,
Gwitt, James, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weller—21,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Cass, Clay,
Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fiizpatricfc, Hunter,
Pearce, Pratt, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toucey, and Williams—18.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill makingappropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30,1855; the pending question.being
on the amendment reported by Mr. Walker,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to insert the
following:
To the Creek nation of Indians, in full for all demands
against the United Slates, the i um of $500,000, m payment
for eight million acres ol land at six and a quarter cents per
acre, taken from the friendly Creeks without compensa-
tion, by the treaty or capitulation of Fort Jackson, of August
8, 1814.
'Mr. BELL. I understand there will be oppo-
sition to this amendment, or I should not propose
to say anything upon it. I believe the Senator
from Virginia wishes to oppose it.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly shall oppose it.
Mr. HELL. It has been some two or three
years since I examined this question in detail, and
I venture to make some few remarks upon the
subject more from my recollection of what the
case was at that time, than from any very careful
examination of it since. I have just run over*
cursorily and carelessly, the grounds which have
been presented within a few days past. When I
first examined it, I was struck with the consider-
ation, which I have no doubt the Senate will per-
ceive presents the strongest reason—if any sub-
stantial reason can exist—against the allowance
of the claim. That arose from the very great
lapse of time which has transpired since 1834,
when this wrong was done to the Indians by the
Government; and secondly, from a review of sev-
eral treaties which had been made between that
time and this, between the Creek nation and the
Government of the United ^States. I could not
account satisfactorily, at first,for the reasons why
the Creeks had not pressed the claim at each of
the treaties made with them subsequent to the
capitulation; for the transaction of 1814 was not
so much a treaty as a capitulation demanded by
the commanding general at the close of the Creek
war. There was a treaty in 1818 or 1819, be-
tween this Government and the Creeks, which I
find was for a small tract of country situated in
the State of Georgia; and had no other provision
of any great importance. Then came the treaty
of 1821, and the treaty of 1825. Subsequently,
another treaty was made, 1 do not recollect for
what, perhaps in 1828. And finally, there was
the treaty of 1832, by which the Creeks agreed
to surrender their whole territory, upon the terms
prescribed in that treaty, and remove west of the
Mississippi.
1 should not have time, sir, the Senate would
not have patience to hear me, if 1 were to attempt
to recite the whole history of this transaction, of
the circumstances and condition of the people, and
of the questions which arose between the Gov-
ernment and the Creek nation of Indians, and be-
tween the Creek nation and Georgia. It would
take some two or three hours to do it, I can only
refer to them as explanatory of the grounds upon
'which I have finally come to the conclusion, that
