1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
this Government would do justice to those Indians
if it would redress the great wrong which was
done to them in 1814. If it is not considered too
late to do justice, and to redress the wrong, the
claim is welt founded still, notwithstanding the
lateness of the period at which it is brought for-
ward.
In 1814, it will appear by the proofs which per-
haps all the Senators have before them, General
Jackson called together the chiefs of the Creek
nation—both friendly Indians and hostiles. That
was at the close of the bloody war which had
taken place between this Government and what
were called the Red Sticks, or war party of the
Creek nation.
At that capitulation some twenty-five of the
friendly chiefs attended,and but one of the hostile
chiefs. A large portion of the latter had fled to
the country south, and taken refuge in Georgia;
and whatever portion of them remained did not
show themselves at that capitulation, which was
held at Port Jackson. General Jackson had in-
formed both the friendly and the hostile chiefs, so
far as he could have any communication made to
them, through their agents, in summoning them,
that he proposed, as the terms upon which he
would enter into that capitulation, full indemnity
for the expenses of the war incurred by the United
States against the hostiles, to be taken by a ces-
sion of their country; and he added the further
assurance to the friendly Creeks, that their claims
should be respected, and that they should be
furthermore rewaided. The terms were not very
definite as to what he meant by their claims being
respected; but the terms were explicit, from the
information,in regard to the indemnity which the
Government would exact, to wit: the whole ex-
penses of the war; and that that was to be taken
from the territory occupied by the hostile chiefs
of the nation.
When the friendly chiefs objected to the lines
or boundaries which General Jackson proposed—
twenty-five of the friendly chiefs, remember, to
one hostile—General Jackson would not have a
discussion, but directed that they should sign the
capitulation. Those were the terms which he was
disposed to grant them, and no other would be
acceded to. The friendly chiefs, before they
signed it, asked that they mi^ht bo permitted to
put in a protest, which they did put into the hands
of the agent, and it found us way to Washington.
In addition to the whole country, except a very
small slip between two rivers, of the territory
occupied by the hostile Creeks, which was ceded
to the United Slates as indemnity for the expenses
of the war, some eight or nine millions of acres
on the southern boundary of the lower band of
the Creek tribe bordering upon Flot ida, and ex-
clusively, I believe, in the State of Georgia, were
taken. The justification to the friendly Creeks,
and to the Government, when be came to give his
explanation—for he seems to have acted under
the general instructions of taking indemnity for
the war—made by General Jackson, was that it
was necessary to cut oft' forever thereafter the
communication of the Indians with the Spanish
territory of Florida, by ceding the lands to the
United States,and causing settlements to be formed
between the Creek country and the Florida coun-
try, then in possession of the Spanish Govern-
ment; it being alleged, and no doubt being the
fact, that the war arose, as wars had in former
times been instigated, and were likely to be so in
the future, by the Spanish agents and officials in
the territory of Florida; so that, in addition to
nearly the whole country occupied by the hostiles
when the war was entered into, he took these
eight or nine millions of acres occupied by the
lower or friendly Creeks, on one foot of which
there hud never been any hostile operations either
on the part of the Creeks against the Government
of the United States, or of the Government against
them. This is the haidship of which the friendly
Creeks complained then and protested against,
and have continued occasionally, from time to
time until this day, to put up their complaints.
I do not remember the number of friendly Creek
■warriors who were under the command of General
Jackson in the last battles of and throughout that
Creek war. Between one and two thousand were
constantly by the side of the whites in their wars
against the Red Sticks, or the hostiles of the same
people. The war, I believe, commenced at first
by the hostiles committing depredations upon
their own brethren who were disposed to be
friendly to the United States; and before the
United States could send troops enough for then-
protection in their own country, great depreda-
tions had been committed on the friendly Creeks.
The honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Daw-
son] can, perhaps, enlighten us on that subject,
for m all that transaction he was pars magna. But
1 believe I am stating the facts* of history when I
say that the war first broke out between the hos-
tile and friendly Creeks. The simple ground of
hostility was that the friendly Creeks refused to
go to war with the United States, at the instigation
of Tecumseh, or his brother Prophet, or what-
ever influences weie brought to bear. Through-
out the war the friendly Creek warriors fought
gallantly by the side of the United States volun-
teers who went into the war.
Now, sir, 1 say that the injury of which they
justly have a right to complain was, that when
that capitulation was entered into in addition to
taking the whole of the country occupied by the
hostile party of the Creeks, amounting to fourteen
millions of acres of land, lying within the then
Territory, but now State of Alabama, the United
Suites took eight or nine millions of acres fiom
their own allies and friends in the war. In the
outset, I challenge a denial of the fact; and if it
cannot be denied, whs it not a most singular, un-
paralleled, unjust, and arbitrary result of such a
war? The friendly Creek warriors were paid as
soldiers of the United States, and they got pen-
sions. I remember now one fact in the history of
this transaction, viz: That sixteen hundred Creek
warriors have received compensation m some
shape for their services during that war, which
shows that there were more than a thousand in it
on the side of the United States. I have said
before that there were between one and two thou-
sand. The names of sixteen hundred can be found
on the records of the Department as having re-
ceived some acknowledgment for their services.
But the only acknowledgment that was conceded
at the time of the capitulation was, that they should
be indemnified for their losses of property—for
the depredations which had been committed at the
commencement of the war, and throughout the
dliferent periods, upon their property. That has
been paid fully,! believe, of late—but not entirely
until of late.
Well, the protest came on to Washington. It
was sent on after the capitulation of 1814; and
the question at first with me was, why did we
not, at an earlier period, hear of this claim ? Why
was it not pressed regularly by the agents of the
Cieeks? Why did they not clamor against the
Government for indemnity ? The occurrence took
place in 1814. Then the question is, why was
not this claim brought forward in 1814, or at the
treaty of Indian Spring, or the treaty of the Broken
Arrow, or of Washington city, which have since
been held with them? Sir, that history is a little
more difficult to comprehend, or to narrate so as
influence the minds of honorable Senators. But,
sir, you will see how it was; these Creeks were
not only alien and unfriendly to one another at
the commencement of the war, but throughout.
They were hostile and warlike, and engaged m
war with each other. Sir, it is not at the close of
a war that feelings engendered under such circum-
stances can subside. Wherever they came to-
gether in council afterwards—wherever in their
consultations among themselves, it became a
question whether they should put forward this
claim, or in what shape it should be put forward
—there were the hostiles saying to the friendly
chiefs, " we have lost our whole country; we are
more or lesw dependent upon, you; we are within
a restiicted and contracted district; and if you,
the friendly Creeks, choose to put up a claim
against the Government of the United States for
your eight or nine millions of acres, remember
that we have been stripped of the whole of our
territory, and we shall demand our proportionate
part, for we are one people."
The friendly Creeks would have replied, " You
are not of us;" and I understand that is the true
history of their tribe. That powerful nation, at
the commencement of that war, numbered from
twenty-five thousand to thirty thousand souls; I
have heard it stated at a greater number. I wish
the honorable Senator from Georgia would correct
me if I am in error. I have long understood that
these Muscogee Indians, who have since taken the
generic appellation of Creeks, were the original
owners of the whole of this country—that which
was occupied by themselves, and that which was
occupied by the Red Sticks, or hostile party,
when this war took place. Their nation grew
powerful by conquests and alliances, and by
taking into their confederacy tribe after tribe and
band after band of other Indians, as they became
reduced in numbers, and proposed to come and
live within the Muscogee territory, and be subject
to their general councils and laws: and every
family of these hostiles, e\ery town of them,
was composed of these original dependents or
allies who had been taken into the Creek confed-
eracy, and they had been assigned the country
which now lies within the limits of Alabama; so
that probably in their own private councils—for
we know they held them, and very often with
more secresy than our publicadministrations hold
their councils, or than we ourselves occasionally
do—-the difficulty was to adjust between them-
selves the relative proportion between their claims
which should be set up against the Government.
If the hostiles attempted to set up a claim, they
knew it would be vain and abortive; and the
friendly Creeks were not willing that any indem-
nity which they might demand of the Govern-
ment of the United States should inure to the
hostiles, because they brought on the war; and if
there was any justice m conceding indemnity,
by the Government exacting it from those who
caused the war, the hostiles were the persons
who should have borne the peiil of that transac-
tion. The friendly Creeks were not willing to
obstruct their other policy in their relations with
the Government, and to impede their demands for
other claims which they had upon the Govern-
ment, by putting m a claim of redress for that
injustice which had been done themselves, be-
cause they saw it would render the whole council
to be held perhaps abortive.
Since the treaty of 1832 they have found refuge
together in a country at the West. Previous to
that time we know these old feelings and rivalries
had proceeded to a great extent. Mcintosh, with
all his party, who made one of these treaties, was
assassinated by the leaders of the old Red Sticks
in the war. Opothleyoholo at that time, I believe,
commanded the hostiles, and Mcintosh the party
fnendly towards the United States. This fact is
proof of the difficulty they had m settling among
themselves the proportion of claims which they
had against the Government of the United States.
Well, sir, in 1832 this question was presented m
some shape or other. According to my recollec-
tion, it was in General Jackson's instructions, of
which the honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] perhaps may have some knowledge. But
even then there was not harmony between the
two parties, although one of the former treaties
had been made expressly for the purpose of recon-
ciling these difficulties. In 1&3'2 they were told
by the United States, "You must move west be-
fore we can talk or make any stipulation about
your claims of any description; you are now sur-
rounded almost by the white settlements; you are
now m a condition where you must remove; but
when you go west we will hear your demands
and your claims." Thus the treaty of J832 was
made without any adjustment of this claim.
But since they have gone to the west, being more
harmonious m their councils, these ancient nvalnes
and hostile feelings having subsided in a gieat de-
gree, if not entuely passed away; they now come
forward and make a joint application to the Gov-
ernment for indemnity for the wrongs committed
in 1814. The application is in the name of friendly
Creeks, but the benefit is to enure to the whole
nation. This shows pretty clearly that it was not
m their power to propose any terms in their for-
mer councils, or treaties with the United States;
for it appears that the hostiles and themselves
have never before been perfectly agreed. Lately,
however, it has been agreed that whatever indem-
nity the United States shall grant in consideration
of the injustice done to the friendly Creeks, shall
inure to the equal benefit of the whole tribe west;
so that it is better policy on the part of the United
States that this int.pmntty shall be granted to be
distributed amongst Ihem ail; and to that extent
it will tend to compose and consolidate the har-
mony which now prevails between the old hostiles
and the friendly Creeks.
Now, sir, let me recur to the original injustice.
