1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
after leaving the volunteer service, he received, without
toll citation on part, the appointment of ensign m the six-
teenth rcaimont United State- ndantry, and stion thereafter,
without !>olii-itation,tiio additional appointment horn Pres-
ident Moniop, of a<$i-ta t deputy tjuai tewiaster general,
with ord^'is io repair to Caiti-ie, in llie State of Peim&yl-
vania. lie accepted the appoiutmenr, and promptly re
paired to tiie po<t aligned hnn, ami there, continued, m the
lull di-eliaige of hi> duties, umil peace was made.
In the winter of i14—'15, he felt ferioqs inconve-
nience from the wounds he had previously re< eived, and
wa< confined to his bed for some weeks in consequence
thereof. Fiom the month of October, lbl9, in conse-
quence of s?aid wounds, lie has been confined to his bed,
lu«j crut' hef, and Ins staff. His sufferings have been great,
be^ ond the power of language to express. The greater part
of the rlnjih bone, below where the ball passed, ha.s been
extracted, ami h<i  left great inflammation, and a coiiftaut
running s^ore. Doctor Jeremiah II Brown has known Cap-
taui I'orier since 1821'—has been his physician since 18*28.
Doctor J. Smith,Professor of Surgery in the Medical Col-
lege of Ohio, Doctor Crookshanks, and l)o< tor A. Brown,
Army surgeons, all certify to the disability, and believe
that it vva- brought on bv severe service and exposure in
the winter of I81-l-'15. Doctor Jabez Percival, a surgeon
and ph}stci.m of fiityyears'^tandmg, attendmgon Captain
Porter lor four years, commencing in 1819, agrees with the
above named medical men, that the disability was incut red
by the h<ud mi vice m the winter of lbl4-'15, and says,
that in all his history he has not witnessed so much «ufler-
ing in any erne patient.
The inu-ter mils show that Cap'am Porter had his horse
killed at J\ rt Meig^, that his saddle, holsters, and pistols
weie lorn to pieces, and that he immediately supplied him-
self with another horse. I he committee find other and
voluminous testimony, which they deem unneetss>ary to
bring into thi< report, a« enough has already been adduced
to show that Captain Porter seived his country gallantly
and faithfully in ever) position in winch he \va  placed—
that in the hour of danger lie has bravely and enthusiastic-
ally stood by ln-> countrj '> flag—that m so doing he has
icceived wounds which make hnn an invalid for hie—that
he is poor and needy—thai the countiy owes ium a debt of
gratmnhi, and ought to pay it itbeially and promptly—that
his few teniaimng days may be soothed with the eonsola
tion thai his coinary, while she cannot heal those honoi-
ablescar-, will provide foi the necesMtiCfOl hnn who we.us
them. The commute,e, theiefore, recommend the parage
ot the bill.
Pending the reading; of the report—
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, said, J rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is it m order to have reports rend
during the morning: hour upon private matters?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to read such a
report as a part of the remarks of the gentleman
asking such a privilege. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Dent] asked for the reading of the
report as a part of the remarks which he intended
to make.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend the
bill by adding at the end the following:
And the amount found due, under the provision* of this
bill, .-hall be paid to the children of the said Captani Thomas
Porter.
I merely desire to state to the House, thatsince
this report has been made by the committee, Cap-
tain Thomas Porter has deceased, m consideration
of which fact 1 have moved this amendment, pro-
viding that the amount found due shall be paid
to his children. The bill, as reported bythecom-
mittee, does not encroach upon the precedents
heretofore set by Congress. In 1831, Congress
placed upon the pension roll the name of Capiam
Thomas Poiter, at the rate of eight dollars pet-
month. At that time there was conclusive testi-
mony that he was wounded at the battle of ,
and at the battle of Fort Meigs; that the wounds
were of an aggravated nature, and that they pro-
duced disability, while he held the rank of captain.
This evidence was before Congress at that time;
and it is now proposed in this bill that, m lieu of
the eight dollars per month granted by Congress,
his name shall be placed upon the pension roll fo
receive, instead of eight dollars per month, the
half pay of captain.
I have known Captain Porter from my child-
hood; and there is another, within the sound of
my voice, the son of the lamented Harrison, late
President of the United States, who has also
known him from a child 
Mr. DEAN, (interrupting.) I ask if the morn-
ing hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion long enough for me to move that this
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
Mr. DEAN. Certainly; I will withdraw for
that purpose.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the -state of the Union, and, with the
report, be printed. -
The motion was agreed to, and the bill accord-
ingly referred.
Mr. DEAN". I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Must not the rule
be suspended to go into the Committee of the
Whole on* the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. Then a two-thirds vote will be
required.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, a majority in this case may suspend the
rules.
Mr. SMITH. I can only say, that I hope the
House wnl proceed with the call of committees
for reports. ^
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to know whether
thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge]
can accomplish his purpose in reference to the de-
ficiency bill if we go into committee now ?
Mr. SMI PH. He cannot.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I hope the House
will vote down the motion.
A Member. He can introduce his bill to-mor-
row morning.
The question was put, and Mr. Dean's motion
agreed to—ayes 80, noes not counted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Old:> m the chair.)
The < HAIRMAN slated (hat the business be-
fore the committee was ihe consideration of House
bill (No. 37) " to encourage agriculture, commerce,
manufactui es, and all other branches of industry,
by granting to every mnn who is the head of a
family, and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
pancy and cultivation of the same for the period
herem specified," and that the gentleman fiom
Vermont [Mr. Meaciiam] was entitled to theiloor.
NEBRASKA KANSAS SLAVERY.
Mr. MEACIIAM. I propose to speak to-day
on the subject of the Nebraska bill now before the
committee, and being somewhat indisposed, I in-
tend to snip my remarks of everything prelimi-
nary, and to give merely the naked line of argu-i
merit that 1 wish to present on the subject.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. As the.gentleman from Vermont has in-
dicated the line of rematk which he propeses to
pursue, I make the point of order upon him that
was made yesterday, that he is not speaking upon
the subject now before the committee; that the
House having limited the debate upon the home-
stead bill, and appropriated this time for its dis-
cussion, it is not in order, under the rules of the
House, to discuss another subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
committee that this point was raised yesterday.
The Chair stated then that the practice of the
House had been to tolerate debate of this kind.
On examining for precedents, however, the Chair
has been unable to find any case in which a point
of order was raised on this special point, although
he knows that, during the last Congress, when
the homestead bill was under consideration, great
latitude of debate was allowed. The Chair stated
yesterday that he should have been disposed then
to sustain the point of order raised, if it had been
raised for the first time. He is willing, to-day, to
sustain the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. MATTESON. I would inquire of the
Chair if it is not within his recollection that this
point has been repeatedly made before? I think,
if, the Chair will refresh his memory, he will re-
member that the point has been frequently made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wiii make
himself distinctly understood by the committee,
by stating the question as he understands it. The
Chair is aware that the point of order has been
made, that in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union great latitude of debate is al-
lowable; but the Chair can find no precedent in
which the point of order has been raised, that
where a bill has been made the special order, the
usual latitude of debate is cut off. Does the gen-
tleman appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to ask
if the Chair does not recollect distinctly that a
year ago, when the House was in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union upon this
same bill, or a similar one—the bill of Mr. John-
son, of Tennessee—there was the widest and most
unbounded latitude of debate, and that this very
question of order was raised, and overruled by
the Chairman, Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is entertained.
The Chair has already stated, that when the home-
stead bill was under consideration during the last
Congress great latitude of debate was allowed, but
not after the bill had been made a special order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suggest to
the Chair that that bill was a special order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
inasmuch as the House has determined that the
homestead bill shall be the special order, to the
exclusion of all other business, the debate must
be confined to the homestead bill. From that
decision an appeal is taken, and the question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?'*
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the Chair allow me
to make an inquiry ?
Mr. DISNEY. The question on appeal is not
debatable.
Mr. CAMPBELL. T want to inquire of the
Chair if this is m order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made its
decision, and the Committee can overrule the Chair
if they wish.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 demand order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to debate the ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr CAMPBELL, is it not in order to make
an inquiry ?
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio understand the question?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is as to a point of fact,
which was stated by the Chair, that I rise to a #
question. I wish to have the fact understood, and '
whether the Chair is correct m its history of past
events. I doubt that somewhat myself.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair is in error, the
committee can correct it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; I wish to cor-
rect the Chair in relation to the truth of history,
which must be maintained 
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 again demand order.
Mr, CAMPBELL. The inquiry 1 wish to ask
is this : Whether during the last session a latitude
of debate .was not allowed on a similar bill, and
whether subjects were not debated which were
not at the time a special order ?
Several Members. Certainly it was.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
does not understand the question which the Chair
i made at all. It is not that a latitude of debate is
not allowed, for the Chair distinctly stated that
such was the fact, butthatthe pointoforder which
was raised was not distinctly made under the propo-
sition; the point of order having been made, the
Chair was disposed to sustain it, and if the com-
mittee do not believe its decision to be correct they
can overrule it.
Mr. DEAN. I call for tellers on the appeal
from the Chair's decision.
Tellers were ordered; and Messers Campbell
and Dean were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 85.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. MEACHAM then resumed his remarks,
and stated his objections to the bill to establish the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas. He con-
tended that the population of these Territories was
not such as to justify their erection into territorial
governments; that by the passage of the bill gross
injustice would be done to the Indian tubes inhab-
iting the legion of country to which it applied, the
Government having promised, by solemn treaty
stipulations, that they should never be included
within the boundaries of any State or Territory;
