1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
against the encroachments and invasions of the
whites.
But, sir, let us go back a little, and gee where
we shall he led if we take the ground of setting
aside these old treaties, because of inadequacy of
consideration. I think 1 shall show, before [ have
done, that the Creeks have been better paid, per-
haps, than any other tribe, with the exception of
two or three, with which we have had relations. I
have before me a list of the treaties which we
have made with various tribes. Here 1 find that
we made a treaty with the Quapaws, by which
we received from them 51,786,560 acres of land,
and gave them $*297,976; not one cent an acre.
To the Wyandotts, Delawares, &c., we gave
$210,000 for 11,808,409 acres; not one third of a
cent per acre. To the Wyandotts, Ottawas, &c.,
$116,500 for 1,030,400; about one and a half cents
an acre. And thus I might recapitulate a long
list of old treaties by which we obtained lands
from Indians at such nominal prices. If we set
the example in this case, the claims are much
stronger under the treaties to which I have referred,
and if we apply the same rule to all, what will be
the result? in casting my eye over the list of
treaties, I find more striking cases of inadequacy
of consideration than any I have yet mentioned.
The Delawares and Piankeshaws ceded 2,038,400
acres, for which we gave them $4,000. The Del-
awares and Pottawatomies ceded 1,572,480 acres,
for which we gave $5,000. The Delawares and
Miamiea ceded 3,^57,000 acres for #18,000.
{Sir, you may go over the whole list of these
Indian treaties, and I believe you will find that
there was no treaty prior to 1830, in which we
agreed to give the same compensation that the
Creeks have already received, or anything like it.
And, what is more, it will be found that we have
not given to civilized nations anything like what is
now claimed here, or anything like what we have al-
readygiven to the Creek Indians. Why, the whole
territory acquired from Fiance by the cession of
Louisiana cost us but $15,000,000; and it amount-
ed to between seven and eight hundred millions
of acres; so that the cost of the territory was not
two and-a-half cents an acre. It will be seen, on
examination, that we have given the Creeks twenty
times that, as i think 1 shall be able to show beiore
I have done, in the course of the various settle-
ments which we have bad with them. It will be
found, 1 think, that we have never made a treaty,
of late years, with an Indian tribe, in which we
* did not agree to give them more for their lands
than we gave France. Are we to go back and set
aside that treaty on the ground of inadequacy of
consideration ? Are we to go back, and say we
will compensate her, because the lands which she
ceded have turned out to be more valuable than
was expected ? Or is it a safe policy for a nation
to pursue, m regard either to civilized nations or
savage tribes, to go back such a great distance of
time for the purpose of settling old accounts in
reference to which we cannot now have any re-
liable evidence ?
1 venture to say, sir, that if we adopt this claim,
we shall have claims presented at uur Treasury
upon every Indian treaty which we have made
heretofore, because, on the ground on which the
Senator from Tennessee seems to go, that we are
to pay them twenty-five cents an acte for the lands
they have ceded, I believe there is scarcely a
treaty which it will not be necessary to reopen,
and m regard to which it will not be incumbent
upon us to resettle these old accounts. Can we
do it? What frauds would it not occasion? in
what difficulties would it not environ us?
But, sir, in point of fact, I think 1 can show, so
far as we have evidence, that these (/recks have
no claim upon us, and have been better paid than
almost any other tribe of Indians that ever had
dealings with the United States. Tins whole
transaction arose, if I understand it, out ofa civil
war. The hostile Creeks attacked the friendly
Creeks, and committed spoliations upon tnem,
and afterwards upon the whites,and the Govern-
ment of the United States interposed for their pro-
tection. U sent down armed men; it distributed
rations amongst the men and women, and sup-
ported their families; and it paid, as the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] says, their warnois.
It took upon itself the whole cost and charge of
defending them and of supporting these people;
and when that war was concluded, from which
they would have suffered as much, ay, sir, more
than we, if we had not interposed for their relief,
instructions were issued by the Government here
to those who were to make the treaties, to reserve
a sufficient indemnity out of the territory in order
to satisfy the United States for the expenses of
the war. It was required of the negotiators, and
the Indians so understood it, and it was just and
right, that a sufficient territory should be reserved
in order to indemnify the United States for the j
expenses of that war, which they incurred as ;
much for the benefit of the friendly Indians as for I
themselves. In making this arrangement it be- j
came necessary, and no one knows it better than i
yourself, Mr. President, [Mr. Fitzpatrick in the '
chair,] for the United States to take a strip of
country between Florida and the Creek country,
m Alabama and Georgia, for the purpose of cutting
off these hostile Indians from their communica-
tions with Florida, then in the hands of a foreign
and rather an unfriendly Power. It was neces-
sary to interpose this batrier. This territory was
never worth much; for i understand that a large
portion of it is yet unsold, and that a great deal of '
that which is left is valued at some ten or twelve j
cents an acre. This country, never worth much, ;
was taken off—a strip of it—for this purpose, in i
order to interpose that barrier between the com-
munications of those hostile Creeks with the j
Spanish settlements, arid the Indians within the j
Spanish territory.
This was a measure of defense, not only for the '
whites, but for the friendly Creeks themselves. It i
was a good and wise thing for the hostile Creeks, i
because it enabled this Government the better to j
exercise that supervision over them which was !
indispensable for their safety and peace as well as '
our own. It left to the tribe, which I understand j
did not at that time number mote than twenty 1
thousand, ten or twelve millions of acres of land
for their joint occupation—far more than was
necessary for their subsistence, far more than they
could cultivate, and quite enough for their hunting
4>ioumls. For the land thus taken from the fuendly
Creeks, they received better land belonging to the
hostiles, many of whom,l behevp, were killed, or
fled into Florida. This capitulation left these
Indians all the land they ought to have wanted in
any possible point of view; more than they could
have profitably used.
We have never recognized the Indians as fee-
simple proprietors of the soil. All that we have
felt ourselves bound to do was to protect them;
and, in making treaties and arrangements in re-
gard to the extmguishmentof Indian title, to make
such stipulations as would promote their happi-
ness, and as would make the necessity of occu-
pying their country for the uses of civilization
fait as lightly and as easily upon them as possible,
to keep them satisfied, and to give them such con-
sideration as might minister to their future happi-
ness, in the shape of annuities, m the shape of
presents, clothing, and the necessities which they
might require in the course of their after life. This
is all that we were bound to do. This is all we
ever stipulated to do. The idea that we are to go
buck and value the lands which we acquired from
them according to the present prices, and make
them compensation accordingly, would involve
our Tieasuiy in responsibilities, the end of which
no man living would ever see.
But permit me to piusue that point a little
further. It has been said that these Indians were
induced to believe, by the representations of Gen-
eral Pmckney, after they signed the capitulation
with Geneial jackson, that some remuneration
would be made them for these lands Here is
!i what is found in General Pinckney's letter to
Colonel Hawkins:
"You will pleasp, «ir, to communicate these terms to
the fi lendh Indians and to enjoin thorn, in the prosecution
of ihe w a: ng.un-t such as may continue hOMile, to abstain
earcfullv from injuntu; tiio^c who may be returnine: with
the intention ot making tlieii Mibnussion You may like-
wise inloriu them that the United States will not forget
then fidelity, tint, m the arrangement^ winch may he made ;
I j of the land-, to be retained as indemnity, liien claim' will |
'! he respected ; and Midi of their chief- a-? ha\ e disim in*hed j
themselves. by their exertion antJ \nloi m the common >
. | cniw, will <iNo H-eeive a remum latmn in the ceded lands, i
< | ami m  ueh niannei as the (Jovernment may direct.j
i When that capitulation was made, General j
jj Jackson reserved, within the ceded lands, a settle- !
ment for every friendly Creek, and for every chief j
amongst the friendly Creeks, who was then m the j
possession of settlements on the ceded lands. It '
is obvious that the promise of General Pinckney, I
as will be found by reference to agent Hawkins's
letter, referred only to such indemnities for spolia-
tions and such consideration for their reservations
within the ceded lands, as would satisfy the chiefs
and the people. What did agent Hawkins say?
He said:
As to the extent of the claims, T have no data to calcu-
late from. Part of the vouchers were taken in by Mr. Cas-
sedy, the general's secretary, and the remainder given m
since to tiie a^sibtant agent at Coweta* which I have or-
dered on here ; whatever they fnay be, I will forward them
as soon as received. I believe, at the time of drawing the
lines for the treaty, $60,000 would have been received as
an equivalent."
At the time of drawing the lines for the treaty,
he believed that $00,000 would have satisfied them;
that is, they would have taken that sum in gross,
not only for the spoliations, but for the lands, and
in satisfaction of all their claims.
The answer to the second question proposed to
him by the Department, which was, ts How far
the Government ought, from motives of justice or
policy, to yield to their claims?" he answers:
" From the statement on the first question, it is appaient,
justice is on the side of the claimants, and policy requires
a strict fulfillment of the expectations of the chiefs."
That is, indemnity for these spoliations.
In answer to the third question, li Whether in-
demnity ought to be made to them by restoring a
part of the ceded land, or by an additional annuity,
or by giving them a certain fixed sum in money
or goods ?" he says :
" f believe the correct way would be to liquidate the
claims of individuals, j-ome of which, I am told, are too
high ; reduce them to a just value, and pay them. If it
were a national claim, a cession of land might be desira-
ble ; but to individuals it is otherwise."
(Question four was " Whether these compensa-
tions (of whatever nature they may be) should be
confined entirely to the friendly chiefs?" In reply,
he says:
"This question N, in fact, already answered, rt should
be confined to the individual claimants, for none other are
in contemplation of the terms ol peace offered."
Let me pursue this history fuither. This ques-
tion came up for the consideration of Congress
before a committee, of which Mr. Lowndes was
chairman, in 1817—this very question*, for if you
observe, you find that these Creeks had claims for
spoliations on their property as well as claims in
regard to their lands. Mr. Lowndes, in this re-
poit, says:
"That the foundation of a claim, on the part of the
friendly Creek Indian**, to an indemnity tor the losses which
thev sustained from hoMile Indians of the r own tribe, ia
best explained by the instrument delivered by them to Gen-
eral Jackson, on the, Oth of August, 18M. In thi* they
say: ' We call onr*eIve«, as we are, the masters of the
land. We ha\e adhered faithfully, in peace and war,
to onr fieatv  tipulalion«s with the United Staler. Finding
that General Jackson, in diawing the lines around onr
country, to ret.ua so much ot that conquered fiom the hos-
tile Indian5! as he deemed just, found it necessary, for
political motives and purposes, to run a line within which
there is a great quantity of land, actually our property, for
which he, a* an equivalent, leaves to the conquered In-
dians lands between Coo-a ami Tallapoosa. We do not
deem the exchange as an equivalent, it shall not, however,
interfere with l tinning the line, as we rely on the justice of
I the United States to cause justice to be done to us. Arid,
on these conditions, we icque^t that General Pinckney's
letter, of the {J.'?d April, to Colonel Hawkins, and the an-
swer theieto, o| the 2f>th, be sent on with the treaty, which
we will Mgn after delivering this instrument.' "
* * X * *
a These extiacts appear to the committee to be sufficient
sto show that it" the friendly Creeks are to be considered aa
"having confuted tothe ce^ion made by the tieafy of 1814,
it wa-i onlv on the condition that their churns to indemnity
should not be diMfuatded. ('oncries-*, indeed, may he con-
sidered a* havnut ret-oL'mzed their claim by the act of the
la?t session for the relief of Samuel Manac, one of their
number.
''At the time of the treaty, the friendly Creek* would
have been satisfied, m the opinion of Colonel Hawkins, to
have leceived, as an md< imnty for their losses, the sum of
$fiO,(10O, a* n js to he considei ed m some measure a claim
under a treaty, a- they «eem to have expected that some
fixed sum would be distributed among them as an equiva-
lent lor their losses, and as to do so will be to make u the
interest of each sufferer that the losses of another -hall riot
he exaggerated beyond their real amount, the committee
I believe that it will'be best to appropriate a definite sum, to
be applied, under the directum of the Secretary of War, to
indemnify the friendly Creek Indians for property destroyed
l y the ho^ile Creeks, in fair pioportion to their losses."
Commissioners were selected who looked into
these spoliations for which they claimed indem-
nity, and who estimated the whole amount after-
wards at $195,000. The Creek3 came before
Congress for the difference between what wa3
then paid them, some $87,000, being more than
the $60,U00 which Colonel Hawkins mentioned,
and the £>197,000, making about $110,000. Upon
