1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
that claim the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of which Louis McLane, of Delaware,
was chairman, reported adversely, stating it, as
the opinion of the committee, that the sum of
$85,000, appropriated under Mr. Lowndes's re-
port, 44 by the law of 1817 was intended to be a full
indemnity for all the losses of the friendly Indians,
and was equal to any reasonable expectation." I
will not read the whole of that report.
Mr. DAWSON. What time was that?
Mr. HUNTER. In 1824. Well, sir, within
the last year we have appropriated the residue of
these §197,000. We have given the $110,000,
which, in addition to the $87,000, makes up the
whole amount of indemnity for spoliations claimed
by the Indians themselves; for it was a settlement
made by consent of the Indian chiefs at that time.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] tells me
that5 these same friendly Indians made a treaty in
the subsequent year, in which they set up no such
claim as is now brought forward, for these lands.
We find, then, that U was the opinion of agent
Hawkins, who knew more about these Indians,
as we are told, than any other man ever concerned
with them, as I think I heard you say, sir, for
"you knew something of them, thatat the time, the
payment of $60,000 to the friendly Creeks would
have Retiled the whole matter.
Mr. BELL. That was for the spoliations.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir, it would have cov-
ered the whole. It was a joint claim, and so Mr.
Lowndes treats it in his report, because he ap-
plies this indemnity to that part of the treaty in
which the friendly Creeks gay they referred only
to their lands. The chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, in arguing this question before,
when we had the other portion of the claim under
consideration, said the report referred to lands.
Mr. Lowndes clearly had reference to the lands,
because he quoted the instrument of the friendly
Creeks in regard to land.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think the honorable
chairman took different views when the claim for
spoliations was before us, from those which he
now advances. My impression then was, that
the $60,000 applied to the land claim; such is my
opinion yet. He argued, however, that it applied
to the spoliation claim. If he did, ihen the whole
of his present remarks now are in opposition to
his former opinion, and he is fortifyjng the view
which I took then. 1 have been looking: over the
remarks which the Senator made heretofore, and
I find that, in refeience to the claim for spoliations
committed on the friendly Creeks, he contended
that that offer of $60,000 applied to those, and he
read the report of Mr. Lowndes and of Mr. Mc-
Lane, to show that I took the ground then that
Mr. Hawkins, the agent for these Indians, in
speaking of the offer of $60,000, had reference
only to the national claim of the Creeks, and not
to the claim of individuals for losses.
Mr. HUNTER. Sir, I took the same ground
then that I take now—that what agent Hawkins
meant at that time was, that $60,000 would have
satisfied all the claims of these Indians for spolia-
tions, for their lands, and everything else. That
was the view of Mr. Lowndes, when he made
that report, under which they received $85 000;
and that was the view of Mr. McLane when he
reported against their claim for the $110,000 ne-
cessary to make up the amount of $105,000, which
was the full amount which the commissioners said
they were entitled for spoliations. Mr. McLane
said they were not entitled to that, because agent
Hawkins had said at the time that $60,000 would
have satisfied all their demands; and I believe it
would. I do not believe the claim for land is a
valid one, even upon equitable considerations
alone. I think I shall be able, presently, to show
that these Creeks have been compensated for all
the land which they have ceded to the United
States, upon a more liberal measure than per-
haps any other tribe of Indians that have treated
with the United States. I believe they have got
already, in exchange for their lands, more than
the United States will ever get for them m return,
and I think it will not be difficult to prove it. But
these documents certainly show that it was the
opinion of agent Hawkins, and that it was the
opinion of Mr. Lowndes, who were contem-
poraries with the transaction, and that it was the
opinion of Mr. McLane, that what they meant
was, that a sum in gross would have been re-
ceived as a satisfaction for all demands, whether
of lands or anything else. That was the meaning
of these letters of Hawkins, and of these reports
from those gentlemen. That was all the Indians
ever asked—a sum in gross for the lands, and as
an indemnity for-spoliations, and for all other
claims.
Again sir, is it to be supposed that if General
Jackson, who made this capitulation, and was af-
terwards President, if he believed that this amount
of eight or nine millions of acres had been wrested
wrongfully from the Indians, would not have
proposed to make a fair compensation to them?
I do not believe it, and I will show you presently
that treaties were made by which the Indians got
lands in return of far greater value, in my opinion,
than any they have ceded.
I have before me a statement made up at the
Indian Department in 3840, from which it appears
that the aggregate number of acres ceded by the
Creeks to the United States was 24,766,400, and
the aggregate value of the land given in exchange
(valued at $] 25 an acre) of the annuities and of
the money paid them, was estimated at$2I ,909,000.
Now, I believe it will be found—for 1 wish to
state the case fairly, if I can do it—that in this
estimate of 24,766,400acres, there is an omission
of a portidh ceded in Georgia of something like
6,000,000 or 7,000,000 of acres. It will be found,
then, that for about 30,000,000 of acres they have
received in land, valued at $] 25, which is certainly
better worth $1 25 than what they gave, and in
annuities and indemnities, according to this state-
ment, $21,909,000. It is to be observed, too, that
this estimate of the whole compensation consist-
ing of land and money given and paid to the In-
dians does not include the Indian reservations, or
" head rights15 in Alabama, which were very val-
uable, or the $195,000 which have been paid them
by the United States.
But, sir, that is not all. It is said that in this
case we took land for which we gave no equiva-
lent. I find that there was a treaty made in 1832,
long after this transaction, by which the Creeks
gave 5,128,000 acres, and received 11,158,000.
This difference in the quantity of land is more
than enough to cover any claim in regard to these
8,000,000 or 9,000,000 of acres. I believe, as I
said before, that if you take the whole quantity of
lands ceded to be 30,000,000 of acres—and it will
not exceed ih«t, or, at least, will not be much over
it—and take what they have received in return,
$22,000,000 in round numbers, it will be found
that they have received more per acre than the
United States ever received for their lands; and
that they have been better paid than any people
with whom we have ever dealt; better paid than
any foreign nation from whom we have derived
territory by cession.
Why, sir, I was curious to look into a report
made m the first session of the Twenty-Sixth Con-
gress, on the subject of the value of these lands
to the United States, by a committee of this body,
of which Mr. Norvell was chairman; a report
with which it was said Mr. Calhoun had a great
deal to do; a report which received, at that day,
the assent of that intelligent committee. It made
out the net value of the public lands to the United
States to be something like seventeen cents an
acte, which is less than onefouith of the value
per acre which the Creeks have already received
for the whole of the lands ceded to the United
States, accoiding to the document to which I have
referred. And now we are asked, upon the plea
of inadequacy of consideration, and upon a view
of a part and not of all our transactions with them,
to reopen the accounts, and, upon another settle-
ment, to fix another price upon a mere arbitrary
valuation. Sir, if we are to go into it, how can
we measure the value of what was ceded by the
Indians at that time? It is evident that, in order
to do so, we have to consider a great many sub-
jects, in relation to which we have now little and
imperfect evidence. We have to consider how
far it was a war on account of the friendly Creeks.
We have to consider how far they were entitled
to contribute a portion of the expenses of that
war. We have to consider howfar it was for the
benefit of the Creeks themselves that we should
take this strip of country, which still remains, the
greater portion of it, in our hands, and, I am told,
is almost worthless, and would sell, at best, but
for a few cents an acre. We must ascertain, too,
whether we did not, in fact, give the friendly In-
dians a more valuable country, taken from the
hostiles, in exchange for this barren strip, so as
to make it, in fact, a •contribution from the hos-
tiles themselves. And, lastly, when we have gone
through all these considerations, we have to esti-
mate the nature of the Indian title, and what
we ought to pay them for such concessions as
these.
My own opinion is, that it would have been far
better, in the beginning, if, instead of going
through the form of treaties with the Indians, we
had made arrangements with them, through com-
missioners—such arrangements as would have
satisfied them, and looked more to their real in-
terests and less to the mere form of treaties. We
could have made such arrangements and contracts
with them as would have promoted their real hap-
piness, as would have secured to them such arti-
cles of subsistence,"of clothing, and of agricultural
implements, as would have benefited them in
their after career, instead of giving these large
sums of money either to be wasted upon agents,
or to be expended in whisky, or to be scattered
broadcast over the face of the earth. I believe it
will be found in the history of our transactions
with the Indian tribes, that they have been very
little benefited by the large sums of money that
have been paid to them, and that it would have
been far better to have made some arrangements
with them which looked to furnishing them, in
kind, with such things as would be useful to them.
But, whether that be so or not, of this I feel very
certain, that it would not be safe or proper for us
to undertake to go back forty years, for the pur-
pose of reexamining old treaties and resettling old
accounts, and especially Indian treaties. If we
once commence it, I fear we shall never see the
end of it.
We paid last year to these friendly Creeks
$110,000, which, in my opinion, was not due,for
1 believed, as I said then, that what was allowed
in 1817, when Mr. Lowndes made his report, was
a full consideration for all the claims which they
were entitled to make. But Congress thought
otherwise. They appropriated the $110,000,
which, in addition to the previous appropriations,
made up the $195,000—the whole amount ever
estimated by the Commissioner asdue to them for
spoliations. Having done that, it seems to me
we ought to stop; because, if we.go further, if we
undertake to go back to resettle these old treatfes,
we shall find that we are not to stop with those to
which I have alluded. There are others, and we
shall have large claims from another quarter.
I have before me a statement of some treaties
made in 1842. A treaty was concluded with the
Chippewa Indians of the Mississippi and Lake
Superior, on the 4th of October, 1842, by which
they ceded fifteen millions of acres of land, for
which they got $407,000. That is the estimated
value of the lands granted, of their annuities, and
of the money paid to them. Shall we reopen this
treaty too, and pay these Indians at the rate of
twenty or twenty-five cents an acre for their lands?
If you pay this claim, how can you discriminate
against others who have received much less than
the Creeks for the lands which they have ceded ?
If we take this step we cannot stop there, but
must go on. And if we acton the principle of this
amendment, we shall have probably to reopen
eveiy treaty made previous to 1830, which I hope
the Senate are not disposed to do.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, it is, or
should be, the desire of every member of the
Senate, to get at the right in this matter. I have
listened, with great attention, to what has been
said by the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, but he has failed to satisfy my
mind by any thing that he has said, of any error
on the part of the committee. It is purely a ques-
tion of justice. .
Have these Indians, as is alleged, been deprived
of such a portion of their country, without com-
pensation ? If so, what compensation shall be
allowed them? Upon this question we find there
is a very wide difference between the opinion^ of
the committee and of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. I have before me his report and opinion
upon the subject. As I stated upon a former occa-
sion, his conclusions are with the committee, that
justice is with the Indians; and not only so, but
"he fixes the amount of land of which they have
been deprived at a much greater aggregate than
the committee have fixed it, and the sum to which
they are entitled at a much'greater sum than that
