1140
the congressional globe.
May 9,
fixed by the committee—as twenty cents an acre is
greater than six and a quarter.
The Senator from Virginia seta out with a very
imposing declaration, and one that strikes im-
pressively when made in the manner in which
he made it. It is that the amendment proposes to
go back for forty years, and set aside a treaty
made with these Indians, and readjust the consid-
eration paid to them under that treaty for then-
lands. This would seem to be an act that the
Senate would not do; and ir that were really a
true and correct statement of what is proposed,
let him satisfy the Senate of it, and I venture to
say they will not make this appropriation. Bui,
sir, is it a coirect statement? 1s this a proposition
to go back and set aside a treaty ? You know, sir,
the amendment does not propose to set aside the
treaty. It leaves the treaty in force. The lands
which by the capitulation were vested in the United
States, are left, notwithstanding the amendment,
in the United States. Does it propose to readjust
any consideration stipulated for by that treaty ?
No, sir; for the gi-avamen of this claim is that no
consideration whatever was allowed under the
treaty. . .
If Senators read the report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, in which he correctly details
what General Jackson said at the time, they will
find that it is there asserted—and such will be
found to be the case when the history of the mat-
ter is looked into—that General Jackson did not
pretend to buy that land of the Indians. He never
pretended that he was giving them any considera-
tion, except in the casual words in which he said
the land reserved between the Coosa and Talla-
poosa rivets is an equivalent. The Indians might,
and probably did, reply, "Sir, we do not con-
sider it an equivalent." And why did they not
consider it an equivalent? For the very reason
stated in their part of the treaty, or the instrument
drawn up by them, and which agent Hawkins
and General Pinckney say they declared to be
their part of the treaty, -ltni in consequence of
their being permitted to make that statement they
signed the treaty, and from no other considera-
tion except the force which was used. They say,
in their part of the treaty, that they did not con-
sider it an equivalent, and for a very plain reason.
They might, if they had used language which
would have expressed the idea very clearly at the
time, have said: " General Jackson, how do you
decree this a capitulation' The land between the
Coosa and the Tallapoosa is already ours. It is
true, these hostiles live there now; but how did
they get there? They came there by our suffer-
ance. They are not native Muscogee Indians,
but are engrafted tribes, who have gone there to
settle on our land by our permission, and thefirst
thing we knew they waged war against us and
against your country. We have stood by you,
and helped you to fight them and put them down;
and do you now deem it a consideration to say to
say to us that we shall have a portion of the coun-
try which was originally our own, and take from
us, under the capitulation, a large portion of this
country which has never been the scene of war-
fare ?"
Sir, such language as that addressed to General
Jackson would have presented the case _in Us
proper form, and how can it be said at this day
that leaving to them this small parcel of country,
which was already theirs, between the Coosa and
the Tallapoosa rivers, was any equivalent for the
enormous amount of property taken from them
by the capitulation' They, our fuends, were
converted into enemies for the purpose of capitu-
lation, and they were forced to give up land which
had not been trodden by a foe, but from which
they had kept the enemy with arms in their hands, ] subsistence Irom
a poition of the lime being under the command of j themselves, roam
.. poition ot tne mie oeing
General Jackson himself, and other military officers
of the United States. To contend that there was j
any equivalent would seem to be absurd. It would [
seem like my taking two horses from you, and j
saying that as an equivalent for this one 1 give :
you that. That is a queer kind of bargain. If
that is the manner in which the Government can \
conduct itself, and deem itself acting justly, it is
a new rule by which it governs its conscientious- j
ness. '
Then the Senator is mistaken in both branches ,
of his first proposition. We do not propose to 1
go back forty years and set aside any treaty. We S
do not propose to go back and readjust any con- i
sideration then paid under the treaty for this land.
We deny that u was paid at all; and the Senator
has read the very instrument contemporaneous
with the capitulation in which the Indians de-
i clared that they were the owners, not only of the
; land they were forced to give up, but also of that
which was left to them as a pretended equivalent,
and that they alone had the right to cede it. In
that instrument they also recited the promise
which had been made through General Pinckney
and agent Hawkins, that their claims should be
respected. Here let me take a side glance at the
objections which have been made to the claim. It
is said that this claim has slumbered so long that
now it is too late to take it up. The Senator him-
self has called our attention to the first step which
was taken in this matter in 1814. He has traced
from that time down to 1824, and we find that at
other penods the claim was asserted through their |
agent, and bv different agents. I
I Mr. HUNTER. Not since 1824, that I can |
' find. .
i Mr. WALKER. You will find that it wns so; •
1 but I will admit that,from 1824 down to 1852, their
principal struggle was to get indemnity for the
spoliations on their personal property, and then-
houses and villages. The Senator says there
would now be impropriety in attempting this re-
adjustment, as he terms it, because of the great
difficulty of getting at the evidence. I wish to
inquire what evidence he wants which is lacking?
Is there any testimony m regard toit which is not
of a better character than can be presented in
regard to any other claim ? Why, sir, the highest
order of testimony is record evidence; and, though^
this may not fall strictly within the definition of
record evidence, when we speak of the decisions
and the reoordaof courts of justice, yet it is record
evidence so far as it can be, and most solemnly
so, being found among our own American archives.
It is a claim which can be traced, as I before
remarked, by the public archives of the country,
I more conclusively, peihaps, than any other claim
I which everwaspresented on the part of an Indian
! tribe. It had itsmception atthecapitulation oflS14.
Then we find the Indians most solemnly declared
that they would not, by reason of the force that
was exercised upon them, execute this treaty.
Agent Hawkins says so too; and notwithstand-
ing force was used, and the threatening ututude of
General Jackson, they would not have signed the
treaty unless it was conceded, on the other hand,
that they should have put upon the treaty a kind
of protocol, which they made their part of the
treaty, and which they required to be forwarded
to the War Depaitment, together with the letters
of General Pinckney and agent Hawkins We
see, from that tune down to 1821, it is not dis-
puted they were following up this claim. We
find, too, contemporaneous with it, a declaration
of surprise, on the part of agent Hawkins, that
the course pursued by General Jackson should
have been pursued towards them; and so far as
I have heard, I must say, that, as well as I can
learn from those who knew him, this agent
Hawkins, has left a character as fair as any man, |j
perhaps, who ever conducted Indian affairs in j
connection with any tribe m the country. He
' seems to have been a man of peculiar integrity, j
I and of a fine sense of justice, who stood by the I
! rights of the Government, and stood up. when he
could, for the lights of the Indians. But all that |
' he could do was to declare his surprise in refer- j
; ence to this matter. _ j
| The Senator says we cannot now estimate the j
Indian utle, and he tells us, as a reason why we
; cannot, that the Indian title is but the right to
' roam over the land and to obtain a precarious
roni the game that, like the Indians
oam over the country. Why, sir, it
to which the title was in it? No, sir, but to land
over which there was an Indian title—the right to
roam and procure a precarious subsistence. Here
then we have evidence of the value of the Indian
tille. In the following year, at the treaty of
Indian Spring, we have evidence of the estimate
which the country set upon the Indian title, and
we have it continually ever since. Not a year
passes in which the Government is not brought
to make some estimate of the Indian title; I can-
not see therefore that there is any force in this
point, which is thrown in as it were to make
weight against this claim.
Mr. President, there was another very broad
assertion made by the Senator, and it was that
we gave at the time to these Indians that with
which they were satisfied. I must confess I was
more surprised with that declaiation from the lips
of the honorable Senator than with any other
declaration which he made. Why, sir, was not
the very evidence which he was reading and re-
viewing at the time proof cogent and conclusive
of the Incorrectness of that statement? Was not
the protocol, drawn up by themselves, a refutation
of his declaration ? How, then, could he say they
received that with which they were satisfied? It
is impossible to say it in truth, not that I by any
means intend even to imply that the Senator would
falsely represent this muiter intentionally. But
we do know that these Indians were dissatisfied
at the time. They declared it solemnly in writing.
They declared it in that form which they deemed
a part of the treaty. ,
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say that the Indians
were satisfied at the capitulation of Fort Jackson,
but I say we have the evidence of agent Hawkins
that they would have been satisfied at that time if
they had received $60,000 in money.
Mr. WALKER. That was a subsequent part
of the Senator's remaiks, and I was about to com-
ment on it; and I was going to say, that the
next thing we heard from the honorable Sena-
tor was that they would have been satisfied at the
time Colonel Hawkins made his report, if they
could have been paid $60,000. Now, what is said
on that subject by the Commissioner of Indian
Affaus, in reviewing the whole history of this
transaction ' He says this:
" A- to what may lie deemed 1 lust and proper' compen-
sation for tile lands. retrm-d to, 1 linve to miiark that Colo-
ni'l H.ivvkinc in Ins Jotter of' the Ut of August. 181v>, (2
1 IvdutnJlthms^m^s.-mliUnihebeheved the Indians would
at the time ltav<  accepted Jp'00,000 a* an indemnity. T!ic
cornmitue of the Fourteenth Coi.prcw, of wlncli Mi.
Lowndrf) was chairman, considered the remark to refer
exclusively to Hieu chum for indemnity for injuries and
loy-.es, (-2 Indian sill air*, 126 ) So did the Crmumtteo of
Wuv* find Mearisof the House, in 18*24, (lb , 492.) On the
eonrrirv my predecessor in olhee, Orlando Brown,
with whom I concurred, wasof a contrary opinion,~(oee
C'0"rJHfs«iv7i' i Drain's rcyort, made in 1850, to the Com-
mit! t eon Indian jijfaiisof the Sciiate.);>
Now, I wish Senators to note what follows, for
it addresses itself to the Senate as well as the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to whom this report was
made:
«*. Hut he tint* as n may, even if the friendly Tndiann,
seeiriu tlieir laud inetiie\ably taken from them,expressly
mloimed l>v Genera! Jackson that he had no muhmity to
comply wiiii General PinekuNv's promises, crushed under
:,\t weight of mtsforuiiies, di-heart en eii and despairing,
... "" ... .... I.
strange indeed if we cannot estimate the Indian
title at this day. What have we been doing since
the revolutionary war? Has not, in every in-
stance, when it was proposed to make an Indian
treaty, an estimate been made of the value of the
Indian title to the lands proposed to be sold?
Why, sir, you will find that the very next year
the Indians were allowed for lands lit the same
region of country, not six and a quarter rents an
acre, but the admission of the Government is, tl at
that land right adjoining this was more valuable
than six and a quarter cents—as much as two
thirds more valuable. There is the estimate set
by the Government itself, upon what? Upon land
would b*ve received at mat time for their lands >o i
nualc a compensation, that affimi* no rule tiy winch to
mc iMirc what they ouuht now to receive; and to consider
them bound l>y what it was Colonel Hawkins's opinion they
would have recei\t:J, if paid them then, would be the
slmngeil nijli^tiee ''
This m what the Commissioner of India;!
Affairs pays. Differing vastly from the Senator
from Virginia, and from any view it seems to trie
which may be taken on this subject, when it is
clearly and fully understood. "Why, sir, suppose,
us the" Commissioner says, at that time confronted
by General Jackson as they were, told that he
could not comply with the terms proposed by
General Pinckney, that he could do nothing more
than receive the capitulation from them, and taice
from them their country; and suppose when they
saw it had to go anyhow, they voluntauly said,
o-ive us $€0,000, would the Government have
considered that the Indians were concluded and
estopped by the acceptance of such a proposition ?
No, sir. It seems impossible that just men coulu
come to such a conclusion. These are the best
features surrounding the transaction, and the best
you can say of that statement of Colonel Haw-
kins is, that under the circumstances recited by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, they would
