1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
have humbly bowed down and taken that sum
when -they knew well they could get nothing
more. When friends are found involuntarily
placed in the position of enemies, and are forced
and become willing: to submit to such terms, I
do not know how far some minds might be willing
to consider them as concluded on that subject;
but for my part, I am so constituted that I can
take no such view as that. I cannot say that I
would hold them responsible for it even if the
$60,000 had then been paid them; and it was un-
deniably the consideration for their lands.
Another statement was, that, when the capitu-
lation was made, General Jackson reserved land
for the friendly Creeks equivalent to that which he
took from them. 1 have commented on that before;
and the comparison which I made, of taking your
two horses, and returning you one as a consider-
ation for the other, is an exact parallel. He gave
them nothing but what already belonged to them;
nothing but what they said, in his presence,
belonged to them; nothing but what they said, in
writing, belonged to them; and that writing he
consented to forward to the Government, knowing
that they claimed it as their part of the treaty.
This, then, was the attitude occupied by this
case at that time. This was the manner in which
General Jackson, in connection with this whole
transaction at that time, answered the argument
and the assertion of the Senator, that they received
an equivalent. But, sir, General Jackson, at the
time, did not dispute that part of the treaty, or
that protocol which they claimed as their part of
the treaty. Why do I make this assertion? In
the same report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to which 1 have referred, he recites the fact
that:
" General Jackson, however, did not pretend to fake or
retain the lands ol the Jru'ndly Creeks as part of the con-
quered territory. His reasons for taking them wore slated
uy him in his letter to the Secretary of War, dated Aueiust
10, 1814, in winch lie said: ' Considerations interesting
to the United States, relative to the Spanish dominions
immediately south of us, induced me lo pioctire the cession
of all the Creek lands of consequence, hounding on for-
eign claims ot teiritory, in order to prevent tuture connec-
tions injurious to our tranquillity.' (1 Indian Affairs, 838.J
On the 15th of April, 18*24, Mr. Forsyth, from a select com-
mittee m regard to the claims of Georgia, made a report,
in which it is t-uid: 4 In 1814, General Jackson, acting
under the authouty of the Government, took from the
Creek Indians, for an equivalent named by himself, all the
land the United Stales chose to require, to effect a great
object of national policy in regard to the Indian tribes. It
cannot be alleged Unit this xcas done by virtue of conquest.
This acquisition by conquc^t. was an acquisition of lands
froiH / iends and allies lor an equivalent named by the
United States.'"
That " equivalent," as I before stated, was but
another portion of their own country, and they so
declared in the protocol to the treaty on their part.
Thus we see, sir, that contrary to the argument
of the honorable Senator, General Jackson him-
self did not pretend that he was'giving an equiva-
lent. He took the territory for political consider-
ations. He did not view it as a matter of con-
sequence to the country whether he gave any
consideration or not. A military man, in his
position, perhaps, was justified in doing what he
did. If the country was in extremis—if those
Spanish dominions lying on the frontier were to
be made the rendezvous for robbers, thieves, and
pirates—if persons like Arbuthnot and Ambrister
were to be allowed there to carry on their opera-
tions, and arm parties to commit treason on this
country, it was, perhaps, justifiable, if the coun-
try could not be saved in any other way, to take
the Indian lands on the frontier, and seize the
traitors and shoot or hang them. Sir, General
Jackson, of all men on earth, was the man to act
up to the requirements of the occasion. In this
condition of things it was immaterial to \ im what
the Creeks might claim as being their country,
because there was a necessity on his part for
taking it. But, sir, when these Indians appealed
to us for justice, when their claim is ascertained,
when they have followed it up, and shown its jus-
tice clearly to us, are we to say to them coldly,
" What you were forced to do then we will make
you stand by now! Though you were our
friends, and fought by our sides—though you
were under the command of the man who forced
you to cede your country for the benefit of his,
we will not give you one farthing for the territory
which was ceded or token from you." If the
Senate or the Congress of the United States will
do that, I must solemnly declare that I have long
misappreciated their efense of justice.
The honorable Senator says the Indians have
already got more than the United States will ever
get from these lands. Sttfpfrhen did they get it?
He brings up general tabl#§ here showing theaggre-
ffates of sums ^iven by the Government, under all
the treaties with the Creeks, and all the expenses
paid them for indemnity,&c., including, perhaps
the expenses incurred by the United States in wars
in which the people of the United States, those of
Alabama and Georgia in particular, were as much
interested.
Mr. HUNTER. Not an estimate of what we
gave them except lands and money.
Mr. WALKER. I make the inference from
the nature of a statement, which 1 now have in
my drawer, in which I see that in some of these
cases the expenses of wars are charged in these
tables to the Indians. I do not say it is so in this
case.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not so. The statement
which I gave merely included the lands and the,
money given to the Indians.
Mr. WALKER. But suppose in treating with
the Creek Indians, the United States, at various
times, have, in making other acquisitions, incurred
heavy expenditures. That has been a matter of
voluntary bargain and contract between the two
parties. Neither was then forced to capitulate.
The parties stood upon an equal footing. They
dealt as equals do. Then why array that against
these Indians? why bring that up to show that
now the Government of the United States ought
not to make compensation when there has been a
manifest wrong done ? I cannot see how the argu-
ment can be applied.
Why, sir, would this he the case between indi-
viduals acting as equals? If I had bought one
farm of you, and paid a large price for it, a price
that turned out to be a losing bargain on my part,
and I subsequently seize on another farm, and
take it from you, ought I to offset the loss which
I made by the first purchase, against the farm
secondarily taken ? I appt^hend no one could ap-
prove such a reason; and yet this would be the
strongest point of view in which the Senator could
put his argument. I do not concede the facts
which he puts forth. If he will take the tables of
lands already sold, he will find, and that, too, in a
report from the Commissioner of theGeneral Land
Office sent to the Secretary of the Interior, and
the accompanying report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, that there has been already sold in
this identical tract, land for which this Govern-
ment gave nothing, to the amount of over seven
millions of dollars. About seven and a half mil-
lions have already been received in that very dis-
trict of country; and it is now objected to com-
plying with the Indian portion of this treaty, and
paying them $500,000 for it, or at the rate of six
and a quarter cents per acre.
Then I do not think that in the statistics which
the Senator has pioduced or can produce, he can
show in relation to these Indians, and more par-
ticularly in relation to this transaction, that his
statement is correct, that the Government has
already paid for this land more than it will re-
ceive. The truth is they paid nothing except what
they paid out of another portion of lands belong-
ing to the same Indians, and situated just as those
were which they did seize and did take.
Mr. HUNTER. I think theSenatormusthave
misunderstood what I said. I said that taking the
whole amount ceded by the Creeks, the United
States had paid more for it than they ever were
paid in return.
Mr. WALKER. That may be the case, and
I will state the reason for it. Take the case of an
Indian tribe, the Delawares for instance. They
were originally situated in this part of the coun-
try. The Government bought them out, and they
were removed a little further west, and you gave
them a location there. When the whites reached
that you buy them out, and remove them further
west. When the whites reach that you take it
and remove them still further west, and so on, step
by step, until you get them west of the Missis-
sippi, buying them out each time and paying them
gratuities. It might turn out that if you charged
the whole of it to one purchase, it would amount
to a great deal more than the Government re-
ceived; but we know that this is the character of
the transactions yearly occurring between the
United States and the Indian tribes.
Mr. HUNTER, The Senator is mistaken.
This is the whole amount ever bought from them,
and this is the whole amount given.
Mr. WALKER. I had a right to infer that
the Senator was taking this view of the policy of
the Government towards the Indian tribes, wh?n
he not only makes that assertion against them,
but then makes the broad assertion that the Gov-
ernment has at last given them lands that are far
more valuable than any it ever did acquire. Who
does not know this? Why, sir, he could instance
a dozen tribes in regard to which the same thing
took place, that after lands were bought from
them from time to time, they may at last be set-
tled on reservations west of the Mississippi, more
valuable than the lands the Government has got
from them.
But when you propose to buy them out again,
what would you do? If you hav# a reservation
a little further along, you will give it to them. It
may be valueless when you give it to them, tout
when the whites come up to it, it will be more
valuable, perhaps, than what you previously
bought from them. Would this be an argument
against paying them for what you had taken
without consideration ? If eo, you have arrived
at the period at which not a dollar should ever be
appropriated to an Indian tribe; for that they
have been a bill of expense to the country every-
body knows; that they have been of no use to it
everybody knows; that many of the tribes have
been a most serious detriment and injury to the
settlement of the country, everybody will admit.
But I am speaking of doing justice to this tribe
of Indians in this particular, as we have and
always have had our relations with them, to pay
them for what it is acknowledged and cannot be
disputed we did take from them without consider-
ation, and not to bring up now a statement of ac-
counts from the beginning down to the present
day, charging everything to the Indians, and-say-
ing it is well enough to snatch thisfrom them; it is
well enough to convert them into enemies for the
purpose of robbing them; it is well enough to
make them assume the position of hostiles after
they have been our allies and friends, and sign a
capitulation by which we deprive them of their
country. Ifit be a good argument in this instance,
it will be a good argument against the appropria-
tion of another dollar henceforth and forever to any
tribes with which we have had treaty relations.
Mr. President, it is to me a matter of convic-
tion that these Indians are entitled to what I have
endeavored to show they are entitled to. My
opinion is but the opinion of an individual, and
one about as likely to err as anybody, and the
older I get the more I am satisfied of it. But, at
the same time, while my convictions rest upon
me they are generally pretty sincere; and I am sin-
cerely of the opinion that the Indians are entitled
at least to an amount to the extent to which the
committee has proposed to go. if the Senate think
otherwise, be it so.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I shall support the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin; but
it is useless to go on to-day. There is not a quo-
rum in the Senate, I think, to enable us to take a
vote on the subject, and at this late hour it would
be unjust to myself and to the Senate, to enter
upon the discussion of it; for although I shall not
say much, I want to say it under different auspices
from those by which I am surrounded at present.
I therefore move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Until what
day?
Several Senators. To-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to urge the
Senator from Arkansas to go on under circum-
stances which are adverse; but I am anxious to
have the bill disposed of to-day.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 9, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slickr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approve^.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from Samuel Casey, the Treasurer of
the United Stattes, transmitting cpgkfc of his. ac-
