1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999
two or three companies the same rights for simi-
lar purposes, when one line is sufficient.
It is very evident, if you pass this amendment,
you destroy the original act, and destroy it beyond
the possibility of a doubt of its ever being within
the bounds of a sound speculation. It is impos-
sible to suppose, if you give the privilege to this
great company, who have a connection North and
West, with a large capital, of making a connection
with the South also, that the other small company
can ever attempt to compete with them. The
mere fact of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
having control of the connection with their own
depot will throw greater advantages in favor of
their own branch line, and will render it impos-
sible for the other road to gain any of theadvant-
ages of such a connection. Therefore it would
be folly for them even to construct their road,
and they would be obliged to abandon it. All
that is authorized in the original bill would be j
abandoned. You give the city the controlling
power; and when you take into consideration the
relative positions of the two railroad companies,
you will find that we literally destroy the grant
made by the bill which passed the Senate in the
first instance. At least that is the effect of it, in
my judgment, and, therefore, I shall vote against
it.
Mr. PEARCE. If it is so, if that is the fact,
then it seems to be peifectly clear that the road
proposed to be authorized to the point opposite
Alexandria must furnish greater facilities than
the road proposed to be made to Alexandria,
around by Georgetown. The road to which the
Senator objects, that it would destrov the con-
struction of the other road, would offer greater
facilities.
Now, sir, this bill was asked for at first, to al-
low the Virginia railroad to cross at the Long
Biidge. I voted for that, because I believed they
would never be able to execute the road which
we have allowed them to make by the original
bill. That road would run a course of about ten
miles, to cross the Potomac river. They are not
to cross lower down than the aqueduct. They
never can cross at that aqueduct, I am satu>fied.
There is no room for thenr, and they \$jlrnever
have the capital to make a separate bridge for
themselves beyond that. I believe if the bill re-
mains as it is, we shall never have any road con-
structed at all. But we passed the bill, and the
House, with great liberality, has authorized the
construction of a branch road from the Baltimore
and Washington railroad to a point opposite
Alexandria. It does seem to me that that is lia-
ble to no objection. It is not injurious to the
city of Washington. And if the*authorities of
Georgetown and Washington are opposed to it,
they are so without any justifying reasons. It
will furnish the traveling community all the ad-
vantages which they desire, and it will not dimin-
ish the advantages which the city of Washington
would derive from the other company. They
have a depot here, and it will remain here. There
is not a solitary reason, that 1 can perceive, why
the two cities should be opposed to it. In point
of time, 1 believe there is scarcely any difference
between the two roads. It will be at least four
or five miles longer in going by the Georgetown
road than by the Baltimore and Ohio road. It
will occupy about twelve minutes to go that dis-
tance, and it will take hut little more time to cross
the Potomac in a.steamboat, constructed as the
steamboats are on the Susquehanna.
As to a bridge over the river at Alexandria, the
argument drawn from that is entirely fallacious.
We have the control of the matter in our hands.
Maryland and Virginia must unite with it. They
cross the Susquehanna, I think, in about fifteen
minutes when there is no obstruction*, and all the
ice in that river furnishes very little obstruction,
except at periods when there is a rise in the river
and iheice is forced upon the flats. Then, in-
deed, there is a difficulty, and it is that difficulty
which has induced Maryland to authorize the
construction of a bridge there. Here there will
be no need for it. I do not know the exact point
to which this road is to come, but the Baltimore
and Washington railroad company already have
the right, under their charter, to carry the road to
the Potomac river. What they want is authority
to make it outside of the Srate limits. Surely this
is no great boon to a company which is the pio-
neer of these railroads, and which has expended
enormous sums of money in furnishing facilities,
which every body must admit to be very desirable
and all important. No objection can be raised as
to, its being a monopoly. This proposes compe-
tition. You want to give a monopoly to the other ;
company. I think the plan which allows two
roads to be made is vastly more liberal.
Mr. STUART. This bill has already occupied
an hour. I do not see that we are any nearer
coming to a conclusion on it than when we began.
As it is very important that we should proceed
with the consideration of the river and harbor
bill, I make the motion to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Monday.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, and ghe us an opportunity to
dispose of the lull.
Mr. BROWN. Let us have the vote now.
Mr. HUNTER. If we could get a vote on it
it would be very desirable.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to make a short
speech in reply to the Senator from Maryland.
Several Sevators. Oh, no.
Mr. BRIGHT. But I will forego that if we
can have a vote.
Mr. STUART. If the Senate will vote, 1
withdraw the motion.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the House amendment, and they
were ordered; and being taken, were—yeas 7,
nays 41; as follows: ;
YEAS—Mi's-srs. Benjamin, Dawson, Gayer, Jones of
Tennessee, Morton, Pearce, and Pratt—7. ;
NAYS-Mt^srs. Adam*, Allen, Aiehisou, Badgpr, Bay- ]
ard, Bell, Bright, Brown. Butler, Oas*>, Chase, Cooper,
Dodge of Wwonsin, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fe-^enden,
Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gillette, Gwin, Houaion, Hunter,
James, Mullory, Mason, Norris, Pettit, Rockwell, Ku^k,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Shdell, Stuart,Sumner,'Thump
son of Kentucky, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Welier-—
41.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. 1 move that foe Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the liver and harbor
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair will ask permission of
the Senate to dispose of various bills which have
come fiom the House.
Various House bills were then read twice, and
referred to committees, as stated in a previous part
of this report, for the convenience of classifica-
tion.
PHINEAS M. NIGHTINGALE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
bill for the relief of Phineas M. Nightingale, ad-
ministrator of General Nathaniel Greene,deceased,
has been returned from the House with an amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. The amendment proposes to
reduce the principal sum to be paid $1,000, it
being ascertained that the estimate of the Senate
was too large. It is entirely satisfactory, and I
hope it will be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
GEORGE MORRELL AND OTHERS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill to
provide compensation for the services of George
Morrell, in adjusting titles to land in Michigan,
has also been returned from the House, with
amendments.
The amendments of the House were to add the
names William Woodbridiie and Henry Chipman,
and to correct the phraseology of the bill by sub-
stituting plural pronouns for singular, so as to
make it apply to the thiee parties.
Mr. STUART. I hope the amendments will be
concurred in.
They were concurred in.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT.
The bill from the House, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay John Charles Fre-
mont for beef furnished to the California Indians,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senate will
consider the bill now.
Mr. RUSK. U has been investigated by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be acted upon now.
It has been thoroughly investigated by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CASS. It is a very hard case, and the
payment is justly due.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on Indian Affairs
have investigated the subject on information com-
municated by the Department of the Interior, and
had determined to move an amendment exactly
similar to the Army appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay $183,825 with interest from the 1st of
June, 1851, at the rate of ten per cent, per annum,
to John Charles Fremont in full of his account
for beef delivered to Commissioner Barbour, for
the use of the Indians in California in 1851-'52.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has any motion been made
to refer this bill ? Ou<{ht it not to be referred ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion has
been made to refer it.
Mr. EVANS. Why is interest allowed at the
rate of ten per cent.? That is the only objection
I have to the bill. If there is any reason for that,
I shall vote for if, otherwise, I cannot
Mr. RUSK. The reason is this: The money-
raised by Colonel Fremont for the purpose of
purchasing these supplies, was had at a very ex-
orbitant interest, much greater than is proposed
to be paid in the bill, it was three per cent, a
month, I believe. I do not know what it was ex-
actly, but it was a very exorbitant rate of inter-
est.
Mr. WELLER. Ten per cent, is the legal
rate of interest in California.'
Mr. EVANS. I amsatisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
BUCKNBR AND CROSBY.
House bill " for the settlement of the claims-of
W. P. Bucknerand Pearce Crosby, passed mid-
shipmen in the United States Navy," was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MALLORY. That bill is to authorize the
payment of a share of prize money. It is to
authorize the Treasury Department to pay two
junior officers, midshipmen, for a capture during
the Mexican war. There is no objection to it. 1
am authorized by the committee to ask for its con-
sideration now. U is simply to authorize the
payment of a small sum which is remaining in
the Treasury for distribution.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
FRANCIS M. GWIN.
The joint resolution from the House, giving one
hundred and sixty acres of land to Francis M.
Gwin, of Indiana, was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope that this joint resolution
will be put upon its passage now. It is a plain
case, and one of very great mcnt. It is for the
benefit of a young man who went into the Mexi-
can war, was too young to be enlisted, but fought
through ail the battles. The object is to give him
one hundred and sixty acres of land.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution ns in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. The facts in the case are as
stated by my colleague. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
JOHN" A. BRYAN.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of John A. Bryan, was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. WELLER. I ask that that may be dis-
posed of now. The claim, I believe, has passed
both Houses of Congress three or four times, but
it has never passed both Houses at the same Con-
gress.
Mr. WALKER. I hope it will be acted on.
The bill was considered as in Committee of ths
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
receive proof of the number of days that John
A. Bryan was engaged in the discharge of duties
as commissioner to make and carry into effect a
treaty with the Wyandotte Indians, for which pur-
pose he was appointed by the Secretary of War
