432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16.
them such a sum as will suitably compare wiih
the extent of his brilliant service* in the last war
with England; which was referred -|o the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. **
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Nathaniel
Doty, of Vermont, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion as an invalid of the Revolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of citizens of Louisa county, Iowa, praying a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Fort "Wayne, Indiana, via Rochester,
Lacon, New Boston, and Wapello, to Council
.Bluffs City, on the Missouri river, near the mouth
£>f the Platte*, which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Maine, praying the enactment of a law
granting one hundred and sixty acres of land to
each soldier who served in any of the wars of the
United States, and to the widows or heirs of those
deceased; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of James
Robertson, praying indemnity for his arrest and
imprisonment without cause, by the Serjeant-at-
Arms of the Senate, in December, 1849; which was
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Hamilton county, Ohio, praying that in the or-
ganic law of the Territory of Nebraska slavery
maybe forever excluded from its limits; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mahoning county,
and a petition of citizens and female residents of
Lorain county, in the State of Ohio, remonstrating
against the passage of the Nebraska bill, or any
law for the admission of more slave territory into
the Union; which were ordered to he on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of the borough of
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
pass no bill that will impair the Missouri compro-
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Mary
Tasker, widow of James Tasker, a revolutionary
soldier, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Francis
O. Morse, for himself and other citizens of the
United States engaged in the importation of lasts,
and a memorial of boot and shoemakers, in the
State of Massachusetts, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill of the Senate giving further reme-
dies to patentees; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rockport, Massa-
chusetts, protesting against any repeal of the pro-
hibition of slavery or the addition of slave territo-
ry to .the Union; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition ofcitizens ofSangamon county,
Illinois, praying that slavery may be forever pro-
hibited in the Nebraska Territory; which was or-
dered to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill grant-
ing to the State of Alabama public lands in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of the
Alabama and Tennessee railroad, from Selma, on
the Alabama river, to the Tennessee river, at or
fiear Gunter's Landing; and also the Memphis
and Charleston railroad, from Memphis, on the
^Mississippi river, to some point connecting with
the Nashville, Chattanooga, and Charleston rail-
road, reported it without amendment.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of the heirs of Richard W. Meade, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill, for settling the
claim of the legal representatives of Ricllaid W.
Meade, deceased; which was read, and passed to
p. second reading. The report was oidered to be
printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, it was
Oidcrcd, That the petition and papers m the ca:«c of
Israel Johnson be withdi <uvn from the files ot the Senate, j
and rcfeued to the Committee or hxhan AiV.uis. ' i
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Ordered, That the administrator of Elijah J. Weed have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
ERRONEOUS RtJRVEY IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which way considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of makwt; an appro-
piiation for the payment of damages incurred in conse-
quence of erroneous or fraudulent surveys in township one
south, range seven east, in the State ofjVlicJiigan.
commutation pay.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to ask that
the papers of the heirs of Andrew Pink, an officer
in the revolutionary army, be taken from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask to what sub-
ject those papers relate ?
Mr. SEWARD. To commutation pay.
Mr. WALKER. I supposed so. I would say,
that it is useless to send them to the committee, as
it has made a report upon that whole subject, and
brought in a general bill, which is now upon the
Calendar, and will be acted upon by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will not ask for their
reference.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a joint resolution
authorizing a supplemental contract for certain
marble for the Capitol extension.
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, in 1848 a com-
plete series of United States standards of weights
and measures was presented to Monsieur DeVat-
temare, for the purpose of having the same pre-
sented to theFrench Government. I have received
from Monsieur DeVattemare a full and detailed
report upon the subject of weights and measures,
with a request that u should be laid before Con-
gress, and printed in the American as well as the
French language. I have given it a careful exam-
ination, and I believe I am justified in saying that
there is much in it that is worthy of the attention
of the public.
This communication ia addressed directly
through the Senate to the Committee on Com-
merce, and it is a subject which might appropri-
ately belong to that committee: but inasmuch as
the Senate has seen fit to give that subject another
direction, and memorials have been presented from
scientific societies of our own country, which
have been referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary, I beg leave to present this report with a
request that it may be committed to the same
committee, thereby discharging the Committee on
Commerce from what would otherwise be their
appropriate duty. It would be inappropriate for
two committees to have the same subject under
consideration. I move to refer the communication
to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFERERS ON THE SAN FRANCISCO.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had concurred in the first and
third amendments, and non-concurred in the sec-
ond amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House for the relief of the United States troops
who were sufferers by the recent disaster to the
steamship San Francisco.
The fhst amendment in which the House con-
curred, was to insert in the first section, which is
as follows:
"That there t-hall be paid, under the tinect:on of the
Predden t, to each of the officeis, non-conmnsioned otiiceis,
musicians, and privates, who, on the 521st day of December,
1853, embarked at New York, under orders for California,
on the steamship San Francisco, and who was on boaid
that ves&e! on the occasion of her leoeut dis?<\>ter at !>ea, a
sum equal m amount to his pay and allowances for lour
months ;5J
after the word " sea," the words:
" and to Lieutenant Francis K. Murray, and any other offi-
cers or seamen oi the United Stales Navy who were on
board the «aid steamship under orders."
The third amendment, in which the House con-
curred, was to add at the end of the second sec-
tion, which is as follows:
" That if any such officer, non-commissioned officer,
musician, or private, shall have died before reeemn" such
payment, irom any cau-e consequent upon disaster,
hi< widow, if one survive him, and if not, then his minor
children, if any theie be, siiail be paid a sum equal m
amount to six months7 pay and allowance* of the deceased;"
the words:
"And that the widows and minor children of tho:>e oin-
cer^, nun-commissioned officei?, and pi hates who pen.-htd
! by that dis-aster, or who died b> disease in con-uMueiK .«■
tbe«yf.fj shall be allowed pt'ii^inn^ in the same manner, in
all respects, as if the find officers, non-commissioned ofa-
cers, and privates had been killed m battle. ^
The second amendment, in which the House
non-concurred, was to add at the end of the first
section, as given above, the words!
" Provided, That the amount of the pay and allowance
advanced to the officeis and men, by the authority of the
President, previous to tiieir embaikation, shall be brought
to then credit, and that their leceipts foi the same be can-
celed.
Mr. HUNTER. The chairman of tie Com-
mittee on Military Affairs [Mr. Shields] is not
in his seat. The consideration of the message of
the House had, therefore, perhaps better be post-
poned for the present.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
it will be laid upon the table for the present.
SENATE DEBATES.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a let-
ter from Beverley Tucker and William M.Overton,
publishers of the Washington Sentinel, proposing
to assume the contract relinquished by Robert
Armstrong, for the publication of the proceedings
of the Senate; which,
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, IOWA.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill to lay off the town of Council Bluffs,
which had been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, with an amendment in the form of
a substitute, which proposes to direct the judge of
the county court for the county of Pottawatomie,
in the State of Iowa, to enter certain lands men-
tioned in the bill at the Land Office, by paying
therefor at the rate of $1 25 per acre, under the
terms therein mentioned; with the provision, how-
ever, that it shall not affect preemption or any
other rights which have accrued under any other
act of Congress; and with the provision, also, that
the entry shall be made within twelve months from
the date of the passage of the bill, and that a patent
shall issue therefor.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, &nd was read a third
time and passed.
BRUNSWICK, GEORGIA.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill making Brunswick, in the
State of Georgia, a port of entry, and for other
purposes.
It proposes to direct that Brunswick, in the dis-
trict of Brunswick, Georgia, shall be a port of
entry for that district, that a collector shall reside
there, and that Darien, m the district, shall be a
port of delivery only, and that a deputy collector
shall reside there.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill only proposes to
change the port from one place in the district
where it now is, to another—to make what is now
a port of delivery a port of entry, and what js now
a port of entry a port of delivery. It is done in
accordance with the recommendation of the Treas-
ury Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
WELSH AND WELLS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the bill for
the relief of passed midshipmen George P. Welsh
and Clark H. Wells was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to pay Mr. Welsh £341 G(i
and Mr. Wells $342 93.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know the
grounds upon which that bill is presented.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thegrounds upon which
these small amounts are claimed are stated in the
report, which I ask may be read.
1 The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
■ was accordingly read: from which it nnoenrs th^r.
; Mr. Wells and Mr. Welsh were doing duty as
| passed midshipmen on board the Plymouth, the
I flag-ship ot the East India squadron, in 3848,
