1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
earnestly opposed the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, said that the
excitement which this bill had produced is rapidly
giving way to sober reason, which leads to right
conclusions. He held to non-intervention in the
local affairs of the Territories, including slavery.
As to the Missouri law of 1820, there was no com-
pact about it. It was a mere law, repealable at
the pleasure of Congress.
[These speeches will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BALL next obtained*the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman yield to
a motion that the committee rise?
[Cries ofNo!" " No!" all over the Hall.]
Mr. BALL. If the committee desire to rise, I
have no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I make that motion.
[Cries of " No!" " No I" and " Don't rise."]
Mr. LETCHER. It is now eight o'clock, and
we have been here long enough.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon the
motion that the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail, and
Jones of Louisiana, appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 46, noes 56; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having voted,
the Clerk will proceed to call the roll
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule is imperative,
When the committee finds itself withouta quorum
the roll must be called.
Mr. STEPHENS. I call for the reading of the
rule upon that subject.
The Clerk read the 126th rule, which is as fol-
lows:
" Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House finds
itself without a quorum, the Chairman shall cause the roll
to be called, ami thereupon the committee shall use, and
the Chairman shall report the names of the absentees to the
House, which shall be entered on the Journal."
The CHAIRMAN. Under that rule the Chair
rules that the order is peremptory, and the Clerk
will call the roll.
The roll was called.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr, Olds) re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the bill of the House (No. 236) to organize
the Territories o'f Nebraska and Kansas, and
having found itself without a quorum, had caused
the roll to be called, and the names of the absent-
ees to be noted, and had further directed him to
report the facts to the House, with the names of
the absentees.
The absentees are as follows:
Messrs. Ahercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Applcton,
Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bissell, Bh«s, Jiocock,
Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Caskie, Cham-
berlain, Chandler, Chase, Chastam, Chrisman, Church-
well, Chngman, Cobb, Cook, Craige, Culiom, dimming,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dent, De Witt, Dick, Dick
inson, Disney, Dunham, Edmands, Edmundson, J. M. El-
liott,English, Ewins, Farley, Faulkner, Flagler, Franklin,
Fuller, Gamble, Gidriing?, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Grey,
Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, A ndrew J. Harlan, Wiley
P. Harris, Hastings, Hendrick^ Henn, Hiester, Hill, Hill-
yer, Howe, Ingpr&oll, J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell, Kittredge,
Knox. Kurtz, Lam:, Latham, Lilly, Lyon, McCulloch,
McMulhn, MeNair, McQueen, Mace, Meachain, John G.
Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrison, Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Orr, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Powell, Pratt,
Preston, Pringle, Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchev, Rogers, Sage, Shannon, Simmons, Singleton,
Gemt Smith, Wilhatn R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Snod-
grass, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stranb, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Upharn,
Walker, Walley, Warren, Israel Washburn, Wells, John
Wentworth, \VestbrooK, Wilte> Hendnck B. Wright,
Yates, and ZolhcofFer.
The SPEAKER announced that one hundred
and ten members (less than a quorum) had an-
swered to their names.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do new
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sage's
motion, and decided in the negative—yeas 40,
nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Me&srs. Belcher, Benson, Bugg, Chandler, Cor-
win, Crocker, Culiom, CutUng, Dean, Drum, Edgerton,
Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart,
Fenton, Harrison, Haven, Hillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Daniel
T. Jones, Letcher, Macy, Maurice, Middleswarth, Millson,
Murray, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Puryear, Russell, Sapp,
Seymour, Skelton, Gemt Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart,
and Wade—40.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Bell,Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Claik, Chngman, Cobb, Coiquilt, Cox, Curtis,
Dawson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy, Florence, Greenwood,
Sampson W. Harris, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Johnson,
Geoige W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Lamb,
Lindiey, Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall, Maxwell,
May, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Reese, Richardson, Robbms, Rowe, Ruflin,
Seward, Shaw, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Hector L. Stevens, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Tweed, VatJ, Vansant, Walbiidge, Walsh, and
Witte—-66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move a call of the
House.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STRATTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 32, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benson, Bugg, Chandler, Corwin,
Crocker, Culiom, Cutting, Dean, Dick, Drum, Edgerton,
Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Fenton, Harrison, Haven,
Howe, Hunt, David T. Jones, Letcher, Middleswarth,
Millson, Murray, Norton, Parker, Russell, Seymour, Ger-
nt Smith, Stratton, Nathaniel G. Taylor, and Wade.—32.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, A«he, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H.Bayly, Ball, Bell, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cur-
tis, Dawson, Dowdell, Dunham, Eddy, Florence, Green-
wood, Sampson W. Hatris, Hem, Hihbard, Hou^on,
Johnson, Gt-orge W.Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Keir,
Lamb, Lindiey, Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall, Mav-
well, May, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Preston, Reese, Richaidson, Robbing,
Rowe, Rutfin, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass,
Alexander H. Stephens, John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail,
Vansant, WalLmdge, Walsh, Warren, Tappan Wentworth,
and Witte—69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The quescion then recurred upon the motion
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. BELL. J ask the House to allow me to
make a single statement. As there seems to be
some difficulty about adjourning, I would much
prefer going on with my speech, if the House will
again go into committee.
Mr. BOYCE. I move, then, that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
while there is no quorum present. The Chair
knows of no way by which the House can accom-
plish its object without a quorum being present.
Mr. STEPHENS. How many members an-
swered to their names upon the vote to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Chair will
ascertain whether there is a quorum in the House;
and then we shall know whether the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole can be submitted
or not.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
House,"and announced that one hundred and four-
teen members (less than a quorum) were present.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I must then insist upon
my motion for a call of the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Have the yeas and
nays been ordered ?
The SPEAKER. They have, and the House
must vote upon the motion by yeas and nays,
unless the gentleman from Illinois withdraws the
motion.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bali, Bell, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Carpenter, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Craige, Curtis, Dawson, Dean, Dunbar, Eddy, Ed-
gerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge,
Floience, Greenwood, Henn, Hibbatd, Hillyer, Houston,
Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Lamb,
Laiham, Lindiey, Macdonald, McDougall. Macy, Matte-
son, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Pack-
er, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Preston, Reese, Rich-
ardson, Robbms, Rowe, Ruffin, Sapp, Sewa*d, Shaw,
Shower, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, George W.
Smith, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L- Stevens, John
J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge, Walsh,
Warren, Tappan Wentworth, and Witte—78.
NAYS—.Messrs. Benson, Bagg, Chandler,Corwin,Cul-
iom,Cutting, Dick, Drum, Fenton, Harrison, Haven, Howe,
Darnel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones, Letcher, Lmdsley,
Maurice, Middleswarth, Millsor^Murray,Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Puryear, Russell, Sage, Gerrit Smith, Strat-
ton, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, ITpham,
Wade, and EllihuB. Waehburne—34.
So the House ordered that there should be a call
of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. There is a quorum present,
lacking one.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman from Ohio
desires to proceed with his remarks this evening.
At their conclusion we can adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
[Cries of " No !" " Withdraw the motion ?"]
Mr. WHEELER. I shall not withdraw it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cullom's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the rules besuspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. On the vote on the last
motion there wanted two of a quorum. The
Chair will, however, ascertain if there is a quorum
now present.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. What has become
of the motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks pardon.
The motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wheeler,] that the House do now adjourn,
18 Pending.
The question was then put on Mr. Wheeler's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
House; and announced that there were 128 mem-
bers in their seats.
A quorum being now present, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union resumed
its session, (Mr. Olds in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When thecommitteefound
itself without a quorum, a motion was pending
that the committee rise.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. BALL. Mr. Chairman, there seems to be
very little disposition in the committee to hear me,
and it is suggested that I had better print my
remarks.
[Cries of 41 Oh, no!" and 41 Go on !"]
Mr. BALL. Well, 1 will proceed. I regret
exceedingly that the committee was detained by
the motion bf my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] that the committee should rise for the
purpose of adjourning.
Mr. B. said he was uncompromisingly opposed
to that portion of the bill which proposed to ope-
rate as a repeal of the Missouri compromise of
3820. He considered it a great wrong and out-
rage to be perpetrated on the people of the North,
and as threatening to disturb tne peace of the
whole country. [His speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my friend from Vir-
ginia will yield me the floor, I will move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. BAYLY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I submit the
motion to rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a few moments before the com-
mittee rises?
Mr. BAYLY. I will do so, if it does not come
out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can make no
such arrangement.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Letit be the under-
standing of the House that it shall not come out
of my colleague's time.
Mr. BAYLY. I will yield the floor with pleas-
ure to the gentleman from Georgia now, if i can
have my full hour to-morrow.
Mr. STEPI-1ENS. The gentleman can have
his full hour in the morning. I do aoi, want to de-
tain the committee many minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
the gentleman from Georgia can procefed.
