434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
the system of reciprocal legislation, to the system
of treaties which are too often perverted from their
original meaning, and so negligently passed, that
when you come to their construction, if the policy
of either nation happens to alter, the treaties are
violated by that nation giving them a construc*
tion different from what was intended. Reciprocal
legislation is always under your control. If the
policy of the nation changes, or circumstances
indicate that the reciprocity is useless, it can be
withdrawn without any breach of faith.
I do not recollect any other objection which the
honorable Senator from Michigan made to the
provision here. In that respect, the bill has been
adopted in principle as it was originally intro-
duced. The alteration we made was to confine
the power to purposes for the furtherance of civil
justice. The original bill authorized the taking of
testimony in aid of criminal justice in foreign na-
tions. The committee were indisposed to carry
the principle so far, and remodeled the bill to re-
strict it to the purposes of civil justice, and also
introduced theclanseproviding for the punishment
of false swearing, and further for the payment of
costs and charges where the application is made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 was not aware that this
bill was to be taken up this morning. I have in-
superable objections to its passage. I object to its
principles, i object to any extension by the Con-
gress of the United States of the judicial power of
the United States not granted by the Constitution.
The bill proposes to invest in the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States certain jurisdiction
in relation to controversies arising in foreign coun-
tries. By reference to the provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States, I find that the judicial
power extends to certain defined cases, and that
this is not one of the cases for which the Consti-
tution provides.
Section second of article third of the Constitu-
tion, says:
" The judicial power phnll extend to all c.i^cg in law and
equity, arising under tins Constitution. the l.nvs ot'ihe Uni-
ted States, and treaties made, or winch j-ImII be made,
undei their Htuhoiity; to till c«i&es alicctmg embassadors,
other public ministers, and consul* ; to all c.^es ot adinualiy
and maniuue juii-dietion ; to controvert* to which the
United State4; shall be a party; to controversies between
two or more fcStutes, between a State and citizens oi another
State, between citizens ofdiflVr< nt States, between citizens
of the same State claiming lands nndei grants of diftcient
Stales, and between State, or the citizens theieot', and
foreign .States, citizen^, or subjects."
Now, this? judicial power is proposed to be ex-
tended to controversies between foreigners, where
neither a State of this Confederacy nor a citizen of
the United States is interested. If this, then, be
intended to be a judicial power, I oppose the bill,
upon the ground that it extends the judicial power
beyond the cases provided for in the Constitution
of the United States; and I apprehend that a infer-
ence to the clause of the bill, will show that the
power proposed to be conferred is a judicial power.
It is not merely a ministerial power; and if ltwere
a ministerial power alone, 1 should object to it
upon that ground. I do not think that the judges
of the United States, or the courts of the 'United
States, are organized under the Constitution for
purposes ancillary to the administration of justice
m foreign nations.
That is not the purpose for which the courts of
justice are organized; and I doubt, very much our
power to impose a duty of that kind upon the
judges of our courts. But the provisions of the
bill are clearly placed upon the basis of the grant
of power being judicial. It provides for the issuing
of writs and process upon application. It provides
for conferring upon the judges all necessary au-
thority for the purpose of carrying out the juris-
diction whit h the bill proposes to vest in them.
It provides for the punishment of witnesses, who
are called before the judges, for perjury in cases
of false swearing.
Mr. DOUGLAS, Will the Senator allow me
to call for the special order5 This subject, I think,
will lead to considerable debate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will yield the floor, es-
pecially as I was not prepared to discuss the bill
to-day, not having any idea that it would come
up. i will very freely give way to allow the spe-
cial order to be called up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I then call for the special
order.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the bill will be postponed until to-morrow.
There was no objection,
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill to organize
the Territory of Nebraska, the pending question
being on the amendment submitted on the 15th
instant b„y Mr. Chase, to add to the 14th section
of the substitute reported from the Committee
on Territories, as amended on the motion of Mr.
Douglas, the words:
<{ Under which the people of the Territory, through their
appropriate representatives, if they see fit, prohibit the ex-
istence of slavery herein."
So that*the part of the section relating to that
matter would read:
"That the Constitution, and alllaws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
force and effect within the said Territory frf Nebraska as
elsewhere within the United States; except the eighth sec-
tion of the act prepaiatory to the admission of Missouri into
the Union, approved March 6,1820, which being inconsist-
ent with the principles of non-intervention by Congress
with slavery in the States and Territories, as recognized by
the legislation of 18n0, commonly called the compromise
measures, i^heieby declared inoperative and void, it being
the true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate
slavery into any Toriitoiy 01 State, nor to exclude it there-
from ; but to leave the people thereof perfectly lree to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United States, under
which the people of the Teriilory, through their appropri-
ate representatives, may, it they see fit, prohibit the exist-
ence ot sJaveiy therein."
Mr. BADGER being entitled to the floor, rose
and addressed the Senate at great length in sup-
port of the bill as it now stands amended, and
against the amendment of Mr. Chase. [Mr. B.'s
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SEWA.RD. I desire, with the indulgence
of the Senate, to express my views upon this
question. It will not be convenient for me to pro-
ceed at this late hour of the day, and I suppose
the Senate will not wish to have me commence an
argument now.
i move, therefore, to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and afrer some time spent m the consideration
thereof, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 1G, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The J outnal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first" in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] yesterday evening, to re-
consider the vote by which the deficiency bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR.
Mr. HUNT. I rise to a privileged question.
I perceive, in the published proceedings of the
House in relation to the Patent Office reports,
that the Globe repiesents me as having supported
the motion of the gentleman from Noith Carolina,
[Mr. Cilvgman.] I stated that I w;is against
diminishing the number of the mechanical report,
and was perfectly willing to increase the number
of the agricultural part, if gentlemen desired it. I
wish to make this statement to the House, because
1 desire it to he understood that I am, and always
will be, in favor of liberal appropriations for the
diffusion of useful information.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I deshe to offer an
amendment to the homestead bill now pending,
and ask that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and printed.
It proposes to combine its provisions with the
provisions of the amendment for the construction
of railroads to the Pacific.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. H1LLYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to say to the House,
that the business refetred to that committee is so
great, and so constantly accumulating, that it is im-
possible for the committee to investigate it with
the degree of care and attention which is necessary
to its proper adjudication consistently with their
legislative duties. The committee therefore in-
struct me to ask the House that they may be per-
mitted to employ a clerk, with a compensation of
four dollars a day,- while actually employed by the
committee for that purpose. I ask the consent of
the House to introduce this resolution.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be authorized to employ a clerk, with a compensation of
four dollars per day while actually employed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON. The first thing in order
is the question of reconsideration moved by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated.
When the House adjourned, the gentleman from
New York had the floor upon the question of re-
consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to facilitate the public
business this morning, and go on peaceably, if we
can. I intended to say to the Chair, if it waslh*
pleasure of the House, that 1 would not call up
the motion to reconsider, so that we might go on
with the call upon committees for reports, and in
that case perhaps the Committee of Ways and
Means can be reached, and the whole matter be
disposed of without any further difficulty.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the further consideration of the mo-
tion to reconsidei be informally passed by? The
Chair hears no objection,and it will be so ordered.
PENSIONS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which House bill, (No. 167,) "forthe relief
of pensioners, under the act of July 3,1853," was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. My object m making the mo-
tion is merely to call up this matter at some future
time.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House of the passage, by that body, of Senate
bills of the following titles:
"An act (No. 6) to grant to the State of Ohio
the unsold and unappropriated public lands re-
maining unsold in that State;"
"An act (No. 93) to establish a land district in
the State of Florida, to be called the district of
Tampa;"
"An act (No. 16-3) to relinquish certain lands to
the city of Dubuque, in the State of Iowa;"
"An act (No. 179) to constitute Palatka and
Bayport, in the State of Florida, ports of delivery
respectively;" and
"An act (No. 200) constituting San Pedro, in
the State of California, a port of entry and de-
livery."]
Mr. MILLSON. 1 desired yesterday to say a
word upon the suhjectof that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] does
not now wish to consider the motion to recon-
sider^
MrJ^f ILLSON. Is it not my privilege to call
up the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; the gentleman can
call it up, if he pleases.
Mr, HENDRICKS. 1 hope the gentleman
from Virginia will not call up the motion now.
Let it lie over for the present, and the House can
then have an opportunity to examine the bill,
which they have not now had.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 wish to say a word or two
upon the subject of the bill now, and therefore i
prefer to call it up.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman proposes to
discuss this bill now, the Chair suggests that he
give way Ions, enough to allow the bill to be read.
Mr. MILLSON.' Certainly; I will give way
for that purpose.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. MILLSON. I give notice to the-House,
that before I take my seat I shall move to lay
this motion to reconsider upon the table. But be-
fore doing so, I beg to say a very few words as to
the character of the bill before us. It is a bill
which pioposes to give to a certain class of widows
—one among the many classes of widows who
! have received pensions under the legislations of
Congress—five years' pay in addition to that which
was granted to them by the act of 1853.
This bill is reported from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions—a committee not properly charge-
able with the subject—at least not properly charge-
