1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S5
able with this bill, so far as it has reference to the
subject of giving pensions to the widows of the
soldiers and officers of the war of the Revolution;
and when 1 state to the House that the passage of
this bill—for such seems to be the object of the
motion to reconsider—will draw from the Treasury
of the United States a sum of money which may
amount to nearly $2,000,000,1 think they will see
that it is a matter of some importance. Yes, sir,
I do not think I exaggerate, when I say that, for
aught we now know, the passage of this bill may
involve a draft upon the Treasury not far short
of that providing for the payment of French spoli-
ations.
Yet it is gravely proposed to take up such a bill
as this, and pass it, without reference to the Com- I
mittee cf the Whole, and, perhaps, without due
discussion in the House.
Having been charged, during the whole of the
last Congress, as chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, with the consideration
of this subject, I trust the House will see that it
is, perhaps, somewhat incumbent upon me to give
them the resulls of the investigations then made.
A brief historical narrative may be necessary
to enable the House to see the effect of this bill.
Some time in the year 1836, 1 think, Congress, .
for the first time, determined to grant pensions to '
a class of widows of revolutionary officers and |
soldiers—that is, to those who were married before [
the close of the war. The argument was this:
We ought to grant pensions to those widows who
were married before the close of their husband's
last period of service, for they participated in the
perils and sufferings of that period; they remained
at home, to attend to the domestic affairs, while
their husbands were in the field in the service of
their country; and having been married before the
close of the revolutionaiy war, the number of
those who now survive must be exceedingly small,
and there will be but a very smalT draft upon the
public Tieasury for the purpose of providingpen-
sions for that class of widows. :
The law passed. I do not now remember the '
•precise number of widows who were entitled to :
receive pensions under that law. It was not very j
lar^e. i
Mr. ORR. It was larger than was supposed.
Mr. MILLSON. It was certainly larger than
was expected. Some time afterwards) as the I
number diminished by death, Congress under- 1
took to increase the number of those who should
be entitled to pensions, by extending the term of j
marriage from the termination of the service of the '
husband to the year 1794 or 1796. An additional
class became entitled to pensions under that law.
Some short time afterwards Congress still fur- !
ther extended the time, by granting pensions to ;
those who married at any time previous to .Tan- j
uary, 18U0. There was a still further addition to
the pension list in consequence of the passage of I
that law, and thus the law remained.
There were, however, other petitions from j
those who were married after the year 1800, pray-
ing that they too might receive the benefit'of the
pension laws. A bill, having that object in view,
was considered in the Thirtieth Congress. Strenu-
ous efforts were then made to extend the law so as
to grant pensions to those who were married at any
time before the year 1810; but this House, by a
very large majbrity, rejected the bill, lefusing to
grant pensions to those widows of revolutionary
officers arid soldiers who were married after IsOO,
and before the year 1810. These petitions con-
tinued to come in till the Thirty-First Congress.
They were there either reported against, or no
action at all was taken upon the subject.
During the Thirty-Second Congress, when I had
the honor to act as chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, a number of petitions was
sent into us. They were deliberately considered.
I addressed a letter of inquiry to the then Com-
missioner of Pensions, Mr. Heath, for the pur-
pose uf ascertaining what would be the probable
number of widows who would receive pensions if
the law was extended so as to embrace all those
who were married after the year 1800. T received
a letter in reply, in which it was stated, that if such
a law should pass, numerous frauds would be
practiced upon the Government, and it would in-
volve the payment of a very large annual amount
out of the Treasury of the United States. Sir, j
we did not report favorably on these petitions. !
One of the reasons why the committee did not i
report in favor of granting pensions to those wid-
ows who had been married after the year 1800 is
simply this: Those widows of revolutionary sol-
diers who are now living, and who were married
after the year 1800, must present the case of the
marriage of a young girl to a very ojd man.
From the very nature of the case it must be so.
If a revolutionary soldier married in the year
1815, 1820, or 1830, and if his widow be stilt liv-
ing, then it follows, almost as a matter of course,
that this could only be the result of the marriage
of a young girl with a very old, decrepit man; and,
sfr, I did not see that there was so much merit in
the fact of a young girl marrying a very old man,
as to consider we were therefore obliged to place
this female on the pension roll, and support her at
the cost of the public Treasury for the rest of her
life.
But, sir, towards the close of the last session of
Congress, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] introduced a bill here, not intended at the
time, as I believe, to provide for this class of wid-
ows, but having other objects in view. He gave
notice that, before he took his seat, he designed
to call for the previous question. He, however,
yielded the floor to several gentlemen, who pro-
posed amendments of one sort or other, and I
think that among the amendments thus offered
was one proposing to place on the pension roll
those widows of revolutionary soldiers who were
married after the year 1800. I then sought to
get the floor, that I might have the opportunity of
making a brief statement, showing the probable
effect of the passing of this law. The eentieman
| from Alabama declined to yield me the floor. The
, bill passed, under the operation of the previous
! question. There was no examination made; and,
, as the Commissioner of Pensions has lately re-
j porter], Congress appropriated only the sum of
$24,000 for the purpose of providing for the pay-
ment of that class of pensions.
But, sir, what are we now told by the Commis-
sioner? Why, Mr. Waldo comes forward and
tells us, that the deficiency for the current year
alone will amount to upwards of ^200,000. He
tells us, that the amount necessary to pay these
pensions for the present year is about $240,000,
and you have appropriated but $24,000 for that
Mr. M1LLSON. I did not say the gentleman
was to blame. I only stated the fact that the act
did carry the pensions back to the year 1848,—
the fact, that that bill was passed during the last
! Congress, under the operation of the previous qxies-
j tion; and that the gentleman refused to allow me'
; the floor for the purpose of suggesting to the
I House the amount which would be taken'from the
| public Treasury, if that bill should be passed.
I I am now saying that the amount exceeds
; $-00,000 a year. I say that the Commissioner of
I Pensions, in his recent report, declares that he
j is now receiving applications from that class of
! widows at the rate of sixty per week; that the
number will run up to three thousand and that there
, is already a deficiency of upwards of $200,000,
i during the current year.
One of the objects of this bill, then, being to
j extend these pensions back to 1848, and to entitle
; these widows to pensions from February of that
j year, instead of February, 1853, it gives to that
; class alone just $1,200,000, even if there be no
further addition to the pensioners than that esti-
mated for by the Commissioner of Pensions.
The sum 'of $1,200,000 will be voted out of the
public Treasury for the payment of that class of
widows alone, if these pensions are to date back
to 1848 instead of to 1853.
I deem it proper to- make these remarks, not for
the purpose of going into an extended discussion
of the bill. When it comes up for consideration
I in Committee of the Whole I may, or I may not,
do so. I make these remarks now merely for the
purpose of indicating to the House that this is a
bill too important to be considered without a ref-
erence to the Committee of the Whole, and that it
involves too important consequences to induce this
House to act upon it without that deliberation
which ought to be bestowed upon such a matter.
I mean to close these remarks by a motion to
lay upon the table this motion to reconsider. If
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ed-
mands,] who I perceive rises in his seat, wishes
to make a remark I will give him the opportunity
to do so, although he declined to extend a similar
courtesy to me yesterday. But if he does not
wish to do so I will move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table, for 1 do not think the
purpose. Thus, then, there will be a deficiency of , time of the House ought to be consumed in the
mnrp than <£90A nnn fnv tlio nm-i-ant -.Taov ' HlMnilS<ainn nf* maffei- i.ra
more than $200,000 for the current year aione,
which must be provided for in the deficiency bill,
when the House shall again have thatsubject under
consideration.
And now, sir, after having passed this law with-
out inquiry, without reference to a committee,
without discussion, and on the distinct and express
refusal of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
C.obb] to allow even a word of caution to be ad-
dressed to the House, it is proposed to make these
pensions commence in 1848, instead of 1853. The
gentleman from Alabama now says he never in-
tended that it should have any such result 
Mr. COBB. And I did not think so at the time
Mr. MILLSON. That admission, Mr. Speaker,
is an emphatic warning as to the dancer of such
hasty legislation. The gentleman, [Mr. Conn,]
who then had charge of the bill, comes forward
now, and tells this House that he never intended
it should have had any such result as this. And
yet the gentleman refused to allow me an oppor-
tunity last year of giving a warning to the House
as to the probable effect of it.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Virginia
presses very hard. The bill has been construed
by the Commissioner of Pensions precisely as the
committee then intended it to have been construed,
and as they desire it to be construed tn-clpy.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know that that is
any answer to my remark.
Mr. COBB. 1 am not mistaken in regard to
what I then did, because the view I entertained
then was carried out by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
Mr. MTLLSON". I understand the gentleman
to tell me that it was never intended to "have that
result.
Mr. COBB. I said that it was never designed
to sro back to 1848. °
Mr. MILLSON". But the present b:]I does
contemplate carrying the pensions Kick to 1848.
The art reported yesterday by the Commi'tee on
Invalid Pensions does carry it back to 1848. That
is the very object of this bill.
Mr. COBB. Then I am not to blame.
discussion of this matter, when we have other
business pressing; for consideration.
Mr. EDMANDS. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman in his remarks. 1 wish, however,
to say a few words upon this question.
Mr. MILLSON. I yield the floor only for that
purpose, but do not mean to lose this opportunity
of making the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table. I yield for the purpose of
explanation only.
Mr. EDMANDS. I shall wait until the gen-
tleman has finished his remarks.
Mr. MILLSON. I have already stated that I
mean to conclude my remarks by making th©
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. EDMANDS. 1 will renew the motion, if
the gentleman yields me the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. I will give way to any ex-
planation, but I do not wish to lose the floor. I
have already declared that I will move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table. I do not
think that this is a question which ought to en-
gage the attention of the House at this time.
Mr. EDMANDS. I only wish to say to the
House, that the bill now proposed does not extend,
in the least, the circle of pensioners. No new
pensioners are to be added to the number upon
the rolls, in any way. The present biJI merely
i1 proposes to carry out the purposes of the act of
| February 3, 1853. I would state, that on the
29th of July, 184S, an act was passed granting; to
the widows of officers and privates the same pen-
■ sions that their husbands would be entitled to if
living—limiting the benefits of the act to those
who were married prior to 1800. On the 3d of
February, 1853, another act was passed, taking
, off that restriction, merely giving pensions to those
| who were married subsequent to 1800, as well as
i those who were married prior to that year.
! That act reads us follows:
i " That tlif* widows of officer, nun commissioned officers
■ musicians, and private-* of the revolutionary army, who
were maii'ied subsequent to Januaiv, 1800, Miaii b<! entitled
j to pensions in the same manner as those who weie married
' before that day
