1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
was organized, are properly impliable under the
terms of the Constitution; but the question is,
what are those powers so implied and necessary?
In the application of the rule, those who are dis-
posed to aggrandize the Federal Government at
the expense of the powers of the Slates, extend
them; those who are unwilling to extend those
powers, and think that the safety of the Union
rests upon the limitation of the power to the ut-
most extent that it can be, consistently with the
objects for which the General Government is
organized, restrict them.
• 1 think, therefore, it was hardly worth while,
on the part of the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, to bring that question into the discussion on
this subject—which is really one of very little mo-
ment—to operate in reference to other questions
which are to come before the body.
Mr. BELL. The Senator will excuse me.
Really, 1 did not mean to throw any embairass-
menl in the way of the Senator. 1 beg his pardon.
Mr. BAYARD. I assure the Senator that it is
not embarrassing me. There will be no difficulty
whatever; I can answer for my own opinions. 1
am aware that in the application of the principles
of the Constitution to any particular case that
may come before me, whether those of implica-
tion or not, I may err; but I should never hesitate
to express my opinion in this case or any other.
In this particular case, I have no doubt, from the
organization of this body, from the organization
of the Government, the power is implied, and,
indeed, may be educed by strict analogy from the
settled practice of the Government, which has
been withoutquestion or opposition. Such a con-
sideration would there have its weight, and
especially is it so when it does not arise from
single precedents, but from an_unquestioned prac-
tice.
Mr. TOOMBS. The honorable Senator from
Indiana addressed a remark tome, to which I will
reply. I should be very glad to get him to aid
me in putting a stop to this unnecessary and ab-
surd expenditure. I offered to give my "Patent
Office reports to any body who wanted them, but
I shall not give them to him or any other Senator
to aid in a profligate and useless expenditure of
the public money, as I consider it.
Now, upon tlie question of power to which the
Senator from Tennessee has referred, I deny it. 1
Bay that it is no part of the constitutional power
of the Senate or House of Representatives to be
spreading information, as thyfejSenator from Dela-
ware says, among the people in regard to then-
business. In the first place, these bodies are very
incompetent to do that. 11 I wanted to know how
to manage an agricultural interest, I should not
come to the Senate to learn how to raise cotton or
any other product. 1 should go somewhere else.
As to people wanting them, I suppose that they
want any other valuable book; and, upon this prin-
ciple, why not print valuable books ? And, indeed,
there are others of much greater value to the morals
and religion of the people. Why not print the New
Testament for them' it relates to a subject which
is as for above the material interests of society as
the things of eternity are greater than those of
time. Why not print the Bible, and other val-
uable woiks upon the subject of morality and
religion.
The Congress of the United States has ex-
hausted, in my judgment, its clear and legitimate
powers, when it has punted siHi documents as
are necessary to inform the two Houses of Con-
gress, to enable them to proceed properly in the
public business; and they get the power to go fur-
ther nowhere else than from a latifudmanan con-
struction of the Constitution. I know that the
argument for the printing of this Patent OlKce re-
port, is put on theground that it is for the interest
of the farmers; that it benefits them. This its told
to them while we are putting on them the expense
of printing it. As to the relative products of our
younger sister, Florida, and Georgia, I have not
a word to say. Georgia speaks for herself; she
needs no compliments from me; there she stands,
and when the Senator from Florida speaks of the
pioduction of the States, and the benefit to them
flowing from this, I think that my honorable friend
fiom North Carolina would find the means in his
State of doing more good than has resulted from
all the Patent Office reports which have been printed
from the beginning of the Government until now.
But, sir, the position of the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Clayton] is fundamentally wrong.
If we had the power, it would be wrong to exer-
cise it. It does not effect the object; and I repeat,
it is not withm the legitimate power of this Gov-
ernment, nor is it competent for us to attempt to
instruct the people upon their own business.
Where do you get the power to do it? By wnat
authority? Is it in the Constitution, though I
believe nobody goes there now? It is even rid- i
icuied by my friend from Tennessee. But the I
reason given tor the printing of these agricultural !
reports, and spreading them among the people is, I
that the agriculturists are a large class of people
and therefore this is for their benefit. But, sir,
this printing made by the Congress of the United
States, amounting now to three or four hundred
thousand dollars, is more for the benefit of the
printers than the farmers.
One half of these reports, which are printed by
the two Houses, are never read by any body.
They are found everywhere scattered all over the
United States, and the people who are real agri-
culturists know too much about farming to look
upon them with anything but contempt. It is
those who know least about the subject that gen-
erally write the books. I never knew a success-
ful farmer who bothered himself to write any.
But you may get a schemer, a man who is not a
practical farmer, and he is writing all the time for
the agricultuial papers. 1 believe that is almost!
the universal rule. 1 am an agriculturist; i was !
brought up on a farm, and I have noticed how i
these things are. |
But there is still another objection to this prac- i
tice. By printing these works you lumber up j
your mails, and are departing from the salutary I
system of making the Post Office Department pay \
its expenses. This is one of the means by which ]
we have done that; and it is for the benefit of the ;
commercial interests, the newspapers, and those
who have power here beyond their numbers.
The practice ought to be stopped. It is not a
measure so much for the benefit of agriculture as
lor the benefit of printers; theiefore, on the ques-
tion of power, and expediency, and rightfulness,
i am opposed to it.
Mi. CLAYTON. What the honorable Sena-
tor fiom Geojgui has said shows the truth of one
thing. I think it is apparent, from the tone of ins
remarks, that the copies of the Patent Ollice re-
port. which have been in his posses-ion, have not
been read. The honoiable Senator speaks of
them, without having read them, as being con-
temptible. Sir, I would not undertake to put my
judgment in opposition to that of the Senator on
such a subject; but 1 have read a varieiy of these
reports with great inteiest and instruction. 1 have
found much in them to interest me.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me ask the Senator, if he
has looked at the last volume but one, I think it
was, in which the leading article and opening one,
was to show how to find water by hazel switches ?
[La ughter.j
Mr. CLAYTON. Exactly, and the honora-
ble Senator thinks, because he has found some
one article, on some one page, of some report,
which he believes he can turn into ridicule, on a
subject that he does not profess to understand or
know anything of, he is to condemn the whole
volume, and not only that volume, but all others.
] submit whether it is a fair mode of estimating
any work.
But, sir, a word in regard to the honorable gen-
tleman 's constitutional argument. lie tells us that
he cannot find any authority in this body to print
anything, except for the information of the body.
Now, let us test it for a moment. Let us see how
correct the honorable gentleman's views of consti-
tutional law upon this subject are. Now, accord-
ing to his argument, we have no power to print
anything for the information of anybody but our
noble selves. Well, sir, what are we to say of
the wisdom of all the fathers of the Republic, and
of all the men who have been m Congress ever
since Us formation, who have had printed annually
thousands and tens of thousands of copies of the
President's message, and accompanying docu-
ments? Was that for the mfoi marion of membeis
of Congress? No, sir. it whs evidently for the
tnfoimation of the people. We have exceeded
the power of communicating information to the
people ab wbc condita, t have heard it questioned
before; but, to my knowledge, there have never
befen more than two or three gentlemen entertain-
ing the peculiar opinions of the honorable Senator
from Georgia on this subject. Sir, have we any
power to print, for the information of the people
of the country, reports from important committees
which are made here, and extra numbers of these
reports? Are we not constantly in the habit of
printing thern? Does anybody doubt our consti-
tutional powder to doit? The other House does
the same thing.
As to the value of this volume, it is sufficient to
say that the agricultural community place a very
different estimate on it from that which is fixed
on it by the honorable Senator from Georgia. I
know that the agricultural societies m the region
of country which I represent, and I believeall the
agricultural societies of the United States, consider
this an important auxiliary to them in the great
object that they have in view, of diffusing valu-
able information among the most important class
of all our countrymen—the bread-growers of the
country. I beg pardon for taking up so much time
of the Senate on such a subject.
Mr. DAWSON. Before the question is put
upon this resolution, I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I want to put the question upon a proper
footing. This is an attempt on our part to make
an expenditure for the benefit of the land States,
Well, sir, whether we have power to do this may
lead to a considerable doubt; but, for the purpose
of putting it on its ri?ht footing, as it is a land
question, I move to add at the end of the resolution
the words:
Ami that the cost thereof be paid out of the proceeds of
the public lands.
I do it for this reason: These books are to be
divided among all the people of the States, and all
the people of the States are entitled to the public
lands, and consequently the proceeds of the public
lands should be applied to their benefit in this
respect. The expense ought to be paid out of
the common fund of the country. It is for the
benefit of agriculturists. Then it ought to be gen-
eral in its terms; and, as all have a common inter-
est in the common lands, let it be paid out of them.
It ppems to me to be all right. I therefore offer
the amendment which I have mentioned.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Alabama to in-
crease the number given to the Patent Office.
The amendment was agreed to by a vote, on a
division of—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. DAWSON. Now 1 offer my amendment,
to add: " And that the cost thereof be paid out of
the proceeds of the public lands."
Mr. STUART. Is that in order, Mr. Presi-
dent ? I make the point of order.
The PRESIDENT. Thatis a question for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to my friend
from Georgia, that such a proposition as this
would have to pass through both Houses; and
therefore is scarcely proper for a mere Senate
resolution. lie had better withdraw it.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to have fair legisla-
tion. I wanted to tack the amendment on for the
benefit of my colleague, who is an agriculturist.
[Laughter.] But I withdraw it.
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message v/as received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
an act to change the name of the bark Albeonato
Mount Vernon.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
Mr. HUNTER. One o'clock has arrived, and
this was the day fixed upon for the consideration
of the bill which has been vetoed by the Presi-
■ dent. I move, therefore, to postpone all prior
! orders, for the purpose of taking up that bill.
| Mr. BELL. Would it not be as well, and
! realiy economical in point of time, to finish the
; Indian appropriation bill, now that we are upon
! it? 1 think there would be really a loss of time
; m postponing it. Now that we have it up, we
1 had better dispose of it. I believe there is butone
: proposition to be decided upon it. At all events,
I \ take it for granted we can finish it to-day. The
| honoiable Senator fiom Noith Caiohna, [Mr.
' Badger,] who has the floor upon the other bill,
! has no objection to its postponement. I think
I there will be a propriety in continuing the discus-
