2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
tary of the Navy, in that event, to take such steps
as are necessary to terminate our contracts with
these parties.
There is no time for the discussion of this sub*
ject fully. But I have come to the conclusion,
from an examination of the reports recently made
in the British Parliament, that that Government
are becoming satisfied that the experiment they
are making will not end in anything good. I be-
lieve the British Government will be glad to enter
into an arrangement by which they shall abandon
the system altogether. And if that can be done,
we can discontinue our contract in reference to the
Collins line with a better conscience. We can
then authorize the Postmaster General to contract
with the lowest bidder for carrying the mails by
ocean steamers, as we do in regard to our other
mails. Or, we can adopt the two penny system,
which was referred to by my friend from New
Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,]
I am perfectly satisfied that we had better get
rid of this system. These ships are not what we
need in time of war. I believe they will not carry
heavy batteries. It may be they might be made
useful for transportation, but we can get other
ships that will answer just as well for that pur-
pose. I would prefer, however, not to abolish the
system so far as the Collins line are concerned,
while the British system is kept up. I agree with
my friend and the eloquent gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Walbridge,] that it would be wrong
to abandon this field to Great Britain. We
accepted England's challenge and beat her suc-
cessfully. I do not come now to take down our
flag while hers is floating in the breeze; but let us
by common consent, change the system. I hope
that my amendment, or one looking to the same
purpose may be adopted.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I
am opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Worth Carolina, and to any other amend-
ment which looks to the continuation of these con-
tracts a day beyonrl the time at which this Gov-
ernment has the power to terminate them. And
it seems to me that gentlemen who will look to
the facts and figures as they are on the records be-
fore them, and who have regard for the postal in-
terests of the country, will hold the same opinion
in this respect, that 1 do. If you look to the con-
tracts themselves you find that the company has
not complied with many of their most important
provisions. They contracted to furnish five steam-
ships, and have only furnished four; and up to
this time we have no evidence that the other one
is being constructed.
But aside from this, for I have no time to dis-
cuss this part of the subject, if you will look to
the amount paid the Collms line, and then to the
trifling amount leceived by the Government from
the mails carried, it is enough to startle any man
who originally supported this appropriation. We
pay to that company $33,000 for each trip. Now,
what is the revenue derived, by way of postage,
from that line? For the fiscal year ending in
3853 we had $192,000 of receipts. Then, sir, this
shows that the Government loses on every trip of
the Collins line the immense sum of $27,658 16.
Can the Post Office Department stand up under 1
such a ruinous arrangement? For every trip of
these steamers across the Atlantic we lose
$27,658 16. I refer, for the truth of the state-
ment, to the report of the Postmaster'General.
Now, I would ask, whether the mere fact that
we have steamers which beat those of England in
point of speed, is sufficient to induce us to incur
this large expenditure of money from the Treas-
ury ? Shall we, for the sake of having it said that
wearesustainingahnewhichcan maku faster time \
than the Cunard line, continue this great bonus;
to this company? It seems to me that we ought !
not to do so. So long as we keep up this extrav-!
agant system of ocean mail carriage, our country 1
must suffer. "We shall hear of enormous deficits
in the revenues of the Post Office Department.
I say again that I am opposed to the gen tleman's
amendment. I am in favor of such action as will
terminate these contracts. I think that Congress
has the power to do so. I am of opinion that the
Collins line has violated its contract, not only in
k* t1*. *ts vessels, but also in the number
which it was to furnish. In view of these viola-
lions, then, I contend that we have the right to
put an end to the contract at any moment, I be-
lieve that it is our duty to terminate it now.
When we can only keep up this system by giving
$27,658 on each trip, it is our bounden duty to
put an end to this contract at the earliest possible
moment.
Now, I am not in favor of giving to the Post-
master General the power given by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] or rather, 1 am not in favor of such
legislation as might lead to a continuation of these
contracts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
strike out the words " instructed,99 and insert the
word "authorized.''
If the amendment I have offered is adopted, it
will not make it imperative upon the I3ostmaster
General to suspend the Collins line. I hope this
committee will not, at the present time, take any
measures that will lead to a suspension of that
line. This question was very fully discussed in
the last Congress, and the majority were then
satisfied of the importance of establishing that
line, and of the necessity of keeping it up after it
was established At that time it was proved con-
clusively here that the stock was selling in the
markets of New York, and in the markets of the
world, at not over fifty per cent., and it was consid-
ered to be the very best test that could possibly
be applied as to the value of the stock. At pres-
ent 1 believe the stock is considerably under par;
and it is very evident that this great national en-
terprise, which has done so muii to sustain the
honor of the American name inroad, and which
has so much aided to give the dominion of the
seas, cannot be sustained without the aid of the
National Government, especially as the Cunard
line has been established, and is now sustained
by the exchequer of Great Britain. If we reduce
the amount paid to the Collins line for carrying
the mail, the result will be, that these steamers
will be taken off the route. I submit that they
have not had a sufficient length of time to test the
experiment; and I do believe that,in the course of
time, the amount received from postages will be
sufficient to make this a self-sustaining line. I do
not believe that it is prudent, proper, and wise, nor
do I believe that it is true economy at this period
in the history of this great enterprise, that we
should withdraw our protection from this line.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Will thegentleman from
Maine yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. WASH BURN. Certainly.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I have had occasion,
Mr. Chairman,as;a member of the committee ap-
pointed to investigate the frauds alleged to have
been committed in the disbursement of the appro-
priations for the Collins steamers, to look into the
question in relation to the Collins line, to see how
far it is now a self-sustaining, institution of the
Government. I found that the cost of that line is
$858,000 per annum. That is the amount re-
ported by the committee as the appropriation for
the fiscal year ending June, 1855. Now, theques-
tion is, how much is received by the Government
for postages between Great Brirainand the United
States? We received last year $791,230 52 for
postages between Great Britain and the United
States; and every dollar of that is received without
any other cost to the Government of the United
States than this sum of $858,000 per annum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McGtUEEN. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] as I am
opposed to all protection by this Government. I
have been opposed to this whole system from the
beginning. I have looked upon it from the first
as one of the worst species of protection ever
adopted by the Government, because it secures to
a chartered company a monopoly that is unjust,
and from which they are realizing an immense
profit at the expense of the people,and by thefos-
tering legislation of the Government. As has
been said by thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Al-
le t,] a few moments ago, this company came to
Congress originally asking them to grant a char-
ted by which they were to build five ships; and
after they had obtained the charter, at an enor-
mous expense to the Government, they went into
operation, and have never, to this day, built but
four. Again, they obligated to construct those
ships in such a manner as would make them suit-
able for naval purposes in time of war; and yet al-
most every experienced officer who has examined.
these ships, and whose reports were published by
order of this House a year or two ago, declared
that there is not one of them suited for purposes
of war, nor can they be made so, if at all, with-
out great expense. At first they were allowed
$19,000 a trip from New York to Liverpool, but
afterwards they camehere, and, by some sort of
influence, they managed to get a bill through Con-
gress, by which their* compensation was increased
from $19>000 to $33,000, although they never had
compiled with the first obligation imposed upon
them by the charter.
At that time, I will say to my friend from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] who has sub-
mitted a proposition changing the provision con-
tained in this bill, thatl well remember the friends
of the measure came herewith clamorous appeals
to the patriotism of the country, on the ground
that they had to contend with the Cunard line,
supported largely by the money of the British
Government, and were in danger of being run off
the seas; when the fact was, the Cunard line
were then getting but little, if any, over §13,000
a trip, and this company, at the very time, $19,000*
and, by some influences unknown to me, they
succeeded in getting $33,000. Now, I ask my
friend from North Carolina to unite with us in
some measure, and to take such course as will
bring the affairs of this company to the speediest
close. When I go to the Pust Office Department
and ask for additional mail facilities in my part of
the country, I am met with the answer that the
post offices yield too small an income to justify
the expense, and yet here we have a measure
drawing out of the Treasury annually upwards
of $850,000 for the transportation of the mails
between New York and Liverpool, whilst we all
know well, sir, we have to pay heavily our por-
tion of the expenses.
Suppose these $^50,000 were disseminated in
the improvement of our postal arrangements
throughout the country annually, and among the
people who support the Treasury, would not the
benefits to them be incalculably great? 1 have
constituents who have to send twenty or thirty
miles to the nearest post office; and when I go to
the Department and complain, I am met, and
truly, too, sir, with the argument, that by the
system of legislation pursued fof the last several
years by Congress, the post office has become
an immense burden on the National Treasury,
and it is not in the power of the head of the
Department to render such facilities as are often
demanded, and my own judgment tells me the
answer is often too true to allow me to blame
when I am refused. I ask again of members of
this House, if this annual outlay of $850,000 given
to this company by a special species of protec-
tion—a protection heretofore unknown, even to this
Government—were distributed throughout the
country, how much would it benefit our constit-
uents ? And shall we pursue a system longer by
which the millionaire shall be enabled to wallow
in the lap of luxury and affluence, and thereby
deprive our own constituents of the benefits which
the sum so paid would afford them ? 1 saw one
of these ships, sir, the Baltic, a splendid vessel.
It came here in open day; and its owners invited,
with many others, the members of this, and the
other body of the legislative department of the
! Government, to see the ship, and to partake of
j sumptuous fare upon it; and I have made the
I remark in private, and will repeat it here, that if
; I could be induced to vote for any measure, for
the accomplishment of which such means were
! used, I would vote for this, because these things
| were done in open day, and aboveboard, and
there was something manly about it; but I never
have voted for it, and maintain most earnestly that
j we should adopt the shortest possible mode to get
| clear of these contracts, and extricate ourselves
| from this whole system, which seems to me to be
i wrong from the beginning, and wholly unjust
I towards those who confide in us; and I trust this
t committee will pursue that course.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. WASHBURN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I renew the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.] I
rise merely for the purpose of replying to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. James
C. Allen,] and of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. McQueen.]
