1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
eion on the Indian bill until we can get clear of it.
I make that suggestion, and hope the Senate will
see the propriety of it.
Mr. BADGER. As far as I am concerned, I
should prefer to adopt the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, go on wuh the Indian ap-
propriation bill, and see the end of it, and then
proceed to the consideration of the other bill.
Mr. HUNTER. So far as I am concerned, if
I were to consult my mere personal convenience,
of course 1 should like to take up the appropria-
tion bill and go through with it; but this is the
day fixed for the consideration of the bill which
has been vetoed, and 1 feel bound to make the
motion which I have made. The Senate can dis-
pose of it as they choose.
Mr. BADGrER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Virginia, and the Senate, that the Indian appro-
priation bill is the first business in order. I believe
1 am right.
The PRESIDENT. It is the unfinished busi-
ness, and therefore, first in order; but the Senator
from Virginia moves to postpone all prior orders,
lor the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill which has been vetoed. The question
is on that motion.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against the postpone-
ment of the regular order of the day, which is the
Indian appropriation bill, for the purpose of taking
up the other. It is evident that the bill which has
been vetoed cannot be disposed of to-day. We
are to have a lengthy discussion upon it; there is
no doubt of that in my mind. All that we could
do, therefore, with it, would be to hear one argu-
ment to day, then postpone it to another ffay; and
it would be still in the way of the Indian appro-
priation bill. I regard it as no disrespect whatever
to the President of the United States to postpone
it until we can get through with the Indian appro-
priation bill; and besides, that it would be an act
of discourtesy to the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, who has the floor, to go on with
the bill which has been vetoed, after the intima-
tion he has made; so that I would certainly, even
if I were otherwise indifferent, vote against the
postponement of the Indian bill for the purpose of
taking up the other.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 13, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BulU-r, Chase, Dodije of Wisconsin,
Gwin, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, NorriSj Pelt it, Slidell, YVtil-
ler. William*, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allwi, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Benjamin, Bright, Brodhond, Brown, Ca*n, Clay, Clay-
ton, Daw>on  Dixon, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fish, Fitz-
patrick, Foot. James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, llttt-k. Shields, Stuart,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade, and
Walker—34.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HCJNTER. The Indian appropriation
bill comes up now, I suppose, as the special
order, without a motion.
The PRESIDENT. It does.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, resumed the consideration of the House
bill making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1855; the
E ending-question being on theamendment reported
y Mr. Walker, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to insert the following:
To the Creek nation of Indians, in full for all demands
against the United States, the sum of $5 '0,000, in payment
for eight million acres of land at six and a quarter cents pr*r
acre, taken from thefnendly Creeks,withouteonipensation,
by the treaty or capitulation of Fort Jackson, of August 8,
1814.
Mr. HUNTER asked for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I see that the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr. Sebastian]
is not here. I know he wishes to address the
Senate on that amendment.
Mr. WALKER.. I will say to the honorable
Senator, that the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs got the floor at the last adjourn-
ment, to address the Senate on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will send for him. He
has gone up to the Indian department this morn-
ing. fie went there in view of the fact, which
he understood, that the veto message wes to be
considered this morning. I presume he has gone
there, also, in connection with this very subject.
That is my belief.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I met him
on his way to the Department as I came up fifteen
minutes ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, I ask the Senate, will
it be proper to proceed with the consideration of
this bill under such circumstances? Is it prob-
able that it will be for the benefit of a just, and
fair, snd enlightened decision of the question?
Mr. RUSK. Will the honorable Senator allow
me a moment? It is usual in matters of this sort
to pass over the amendment by unanimous con-
sent.
Several Senators. Let that be done now.
The PRES1DIN G OFFICER. If there be no
objection, this amendment will be informally
passed by, and the Senate will proceed with the
consideration of others.
There was no objection.
Mr. HCJNTER. I understand the Committee
on Indian Affairs have other amendments. They
had better offer them and let us proceed with
something.
Mr GWIN. The chairman of the commute
is not here.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very plain that we
cannot proceed with this bill under the circum-
stances. It has come up unexpectedly. The
chairman of the committee is not here, and he
has, I imagine, the only other amendments which
are to be presented.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Arkansas
will allow me, I will move to postpone this bill
and take up the homestead bill. That is one
which we have for a long time desired to consider
and dispose of. We seem now to have nothing
else to do, and we had belter take that up.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope we shall go on with
the Indian appropriation bill. I am sorry the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs is
not here. I had heard of another amendment,
which 1 supposed the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] was to offer. If it be
not so, 1 think we had better proceed.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 shall certainly oppose any
action of that sort. It may suit the Committee
on Finance very well, who have had all their
amendments made; but it may not suit very well
the Indian service, that the other amendments
should be passed by. It seems to me that the
bill should be postponed now, as a matter of
course. I make a motion, which 1 think will
reach the matter, to reconsider the vote by which
the order bringing up the veto message was dis-
posed of for to-day. I am m a position to make
that motion, tor I voted against the motion to
postpone the Indian bill, to allow the veto to be
taken up. I move that that vote be reconsidered,
and that the veto message consequently be taken
up, for we cannot to-day proceed with the Indian
appropriation biii.
Mr BROWN. Take up the homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be received, but it cannot be considered now.
There is other business before the Senate, which
must be disposed of before it can be considered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move, then, to postpone
the Indian appropriation bill until to-morrow, with
the view of taking up the other.
Mr. HUN I ER. 1 hope n will not be postponed
until to-morrow. I submit the question of order,
whether the motion to reconsider does not take
precedence of all others?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
derstands the rule to be this: A motion to recon-
sider may be made at any time within the period
prescribed by the rule; hut that motion cannot be
considered while other business is pending before
the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I inquire whether it is neces-
sary to move to reconsider that vote at all? The
motion was voted down, and the Indian bill has
been taken up. It has been under consideration;
and, I apprehend, it is in order now, without a
motion to reconsider, to move to lay this bill aside,
with the view to take up the veto message; and
that motion I now make.
Mr. BROWN. We can take up something else.
It is not necessary to take that up.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose that, by general
consent, we agree, without postponing this, to take
the question on the reconsideration. If there is a
majority for the reconsideration, and for taking up
the veto, we can go on; but if not, by the time
that vote is taken, the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs may be here.
Mr. JOHNSON. My only reason for pursu-
ing this course is this: The Indian service must
be protected here; but it is entirely out of the
question to talk about disposing of the Indian
appropriation bill under these circumstances.
Amendments are yet to be offered from the Com«<
mittee on Indian Affairs; and we, therefore, can-
not proceed with the bill without the chairman.
This deference has always been shown to any and
every member of this body. I am very well as#
sured of that; and certainly, unexpected business
on the part of my colleague, when he had every
reason m the world to believe, and, as it were, to
know, that the bill would not come up to day,
should not be taken advantage of, and so prevent
the offering of what amendments he may have.
I then ask the Senate to reconsider the vote by
which we have disposed of the veto message for
to-day, so that it may come up in its regular order.
Mr. BADGER. I will submit a motion, which
I think will be more appropriate, to enable us to
get along with these matters, and which will take
precedence over that of the Senator from Califor-
nia. If this bill be postponed until to-morrow, we
could not get it before the Senate again to-day. I
suggest, therefore, that it lie upon the table, and
then, when the chairman of the Committee on in*
dian Affairs is in his place, it can be at once taken
up without any reconsideration. With that un-
derstanding, I submit the motion that the bill lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to move the reconsid-
eration of the vote which was taken yesterday on
passing the claim of David Myerle. I voted with
the majority.
Several Senators. Oh, no !
Mr. BRIGHT. Oh, yes! I will state my rea-
sons. That claim has been here for the last six or
seven years. I voted against it twice; 1 voted for
it yesterday. I voted for the amendment giving
$10,000, believing that that, under the circum-
stances, was perhaps all that ought to be given;
but that proposition failing, I voted for the bill,
which appropriates #30,000. I am satisfied that
it is too much; and, independent of that, the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has criticised
very severely- my vote, and those of other gentle-
men who voted with me. He expresses no doubt,
that if an opportunity isgiven him, he will be able
to show clearly that this is an unjust claim, if he
has that in his power, he certainly oughtto have an
opportunity to exercise it; and I move the recon-
sideration for the purpose of hearing him, that he
may satisfy me that this claim has no justice to
sustain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Indiana that the bill has
been sent to the House of Representatives, and it
will be necessary to send for it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very sorry that it was
sent. Then I move that the Secretary be directed
to request the return of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. There cannot be two motions
pending at the same time.
Mr. "BRIGHT. I withdraw the motion to re-
considir, and ask that a message be sent to the
House, requesting the return of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to direct the Secretary to request
the House of Representatives to return the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely wish to express my
regret that the Senator from Indiana has thought
it necessary to refer to me as severely criticising
his action. I di&sented from the opinion that the
bill should pass. I certainly expressed my own
conviction that 1 was surprised at his vote. The
high respect which I have for him, and the general
estimate I have formed of his character, would
prevent me making any unkind criticism. I was
surprised that the bill should be passed without
such an examination as the principles involved
merited. If it is returned, whether I can devote
to it that labor which might be desired, is doubt-
ful; and the reason why I doubt it is this: yester-
day, when I made the proposition to postpone the
bill, the Senate determined not to postpone it; and
I am unwilling to obtrude upon them i  rfcferencfe
