1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks thegen-
tleman cannot occupy five minutes upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I move to increase
the appropriation live dollars.
Mr. PECKHAM. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman can renew theamendrnent of
the gentleman from Maine, if that amendment has
been withdrawn, and he can argue it also.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the amendment.
jVIr. WHEELER. Well, then, I renew the
amendment of thegentleman from Maine. I have
been somewhat astonished, Mr. Chairman, at the
attacks made upon this line, coming from the
quarter that they do, particularly as the company
have been charged with not fulfilling their part of
the contract. Now, sir, this fifth ship has been
spoken about. It was expressly declared in that
contract that the fifth ship was not to be built until
called for by the Navy Department; and, sir, it
has not yet been called for.
Mr. McQUEEN". I wish to ask the gentleman
if the ships which have already been built, have
not been pronounced by the officers of the Gov-
ernment unfit for war purposes?
Mr. WHEELER. Every one of those ships
have been accepted by the Navy Department.
When they were built, inspectors were appointed
by that Department, and they made their reports,
and every one of the^e ships were accepted by the
Government. Not only so, hut the four steamers
have made the whole number of trips contracted
to be made by the five.
Mr. WALLBRIDGE, (interrupting.) I have
in my hands a letter addressed by Mr. Collins to
the Postmaster General, which I desire to have
read.
Mr. WHEELER. Not now. After I get
through. The charge has also been made that
these vessels are not fit for war purposes. Now,
if that is the case, it is very singular that they
were accepted by the Navy Department.
Mr. McCiCJEEN, The only way in which I
can explain that is, that they have been accepted
because they are better than none.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 am not surprised, Mr.
Chairman, to find gentlemen who are opposed to
these contracts, and who have made these attacks,
so very anxious to explain the position they have
taken. These ships are equal to every emergency.
They are as-strong as any side-wheel steamer can
be. They are as strong as they can be built, and
will answer every war purpose that side-wheel
steamers can be put to.
The gentleman from Illinois has charged that a
great loss has devolved upon this Government in
keeping up this line. Sir, why did not the gen-
tleman give us all the facts in the case? Why
did he not state that an arrangement had been
entered into between the Collins and Cunard lines
by which they were to alternate in their trips, and
by which this Government has received during the
past year in the shape of postage, £791,230 32,
and by which the real cost, over and above the
aggregate postages received to the Government,
would be only $6(>,76(J 48? Why did not the
gentleman make this statement? Why did he not
state the facts of the case fully ? He did state the
facts correctly so far as he went. Sir, I am sur-
prised to hear these attacks made upon this line,
Mr. BARRY. The gentleman in his statement
gives the Collins line the whole benefit of the
amount of postage received from both lines.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 said an arrangement, as
/ understood, had been entered into between the
Collins and Cunard line to alternate their trips,
and thatthecost to the Governmentover and above
the aggregate postages received by both lines
would be only $6G,7G9 48.
Sir, the honor of the country is involved in the j
maintenance of this line of steamers. In my '
opinion, no set of men on this contmenthave hon-!
ored this nation more than the men who projected ,
this line of steamers. They have established and :
maintained our supremacy on the ocean. Sir,;
within the last month this line has made the quick- j
est trip upon record, and has reduced the time !
from New York to Liverpool from fifteen to nine ■
days. i
[Here the hammer fell.] i
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I desire to oppose ,
the amendment of the gentleman from New Yoik. ,
I am charged with having made a partial state-1
ment in reference to the connection of this Gov-
ernment with these lines of steamers. I have been
charged with not stating all the facts of the case.
And, sir,before 1 take my seat, 1 desire to notice
that charge.
Mr. WHEELER. I will say to the gentleman,
that I charged him with nothing in any offensive
sense.
Mr. ALLEN* Not at all. Idid notso under-
stand the gentleman. Sir, I do not intend to do
injustice to the Collins line-, but I said, and I say
now, that the ships of that line have not been con-
structed according to contract, if the gentleman
will look at the contract, he will see that they were
to be so constructed as to make them easily con-
vertible by the Government into steamers for
war purposes; and if the gentleman will look into
the reports which have been made by the officers
appointed to examine the ships, he will find that,
with one exception, they have refused to assert
that the ships are capable of being easily converted
into war steamers. The general tenor of their
reports is, that they are admirably constructed for
the purpose for which they were intended. This
is the tenor of the reports of all, with the excep-
tion of Commodore Perry, who follows the lan-
guage of the act, and says that they may be easily
converted into steamers for war purposes.
Again, sir, if the gentleman will look at the re-
ports of the Secretary of War during the last
Administration, 91 his recommendations to Con-
gress upon the subject, he will find that he speaks
of them as not adapted for war purposes. The
present Secretary of the Navy, in his report
which has been transmitted to Congress, states m
substance the same thing. It is true that the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and the officers wlu> have been
selected for the purpose of inspecting these vessels,
may be mistaken, and the gentleman from New
York may be right, i choose, however, to rely
more on their statements than upon his; and it is
on their testimony that I say, so far as the adapta-
tion of the steam eis to war purposes is considered
the Collins company have not complied with their
contract. The Government, it is true, has accepted
them, and, it may be, is bound by that acceptance;
but, 1 again repeat, that all the testimony goes to
show that they are not adapted for war purposes.
The question of the gentleman from Mississippi
(Mr. Harry] was well put to the gentleman from
New York. I cannot conceive why the gentle-
man took the amount of postage derived from the
Cunard line, and passed it to the benefit of the
Collins line. The statement 1 made before was
that for the mail matter brought to and carried
from the United States, the Collins line netted to
the Government $192,000 last fiscal year, and that
we paid $27,058 each trip more than we received.
And 1 ask the gentleman again how it is that he
contends the Government ought to keep up a line
of this kind at such an enormous expense ?
Mr. WHEELER. As the gentleman lias re-
ferred to Commodore Perry, 1 would like to have
read just here what he has written on the subject.
Mr. ALLEN. I cannot give way now. The
gentleman will get the floor m a moment, and he
himself can have it read. Commodore Perry is
the only inspecting officer who has reported favor-
ably on these steamers. They are only one or
two exceptions in regard to my statement, and I
am not certain whether they are not in regard to
the Sloo, and not the Collins line.
The question was well put by the gentleman
from Mississippi. Great Britain would ha\ethe
same right to say that the postages received by
the Collins and Cunard lines ought to be alone
set down to her, as we have to say that the post-
ages received by the Cunard line ought to be set
down to the credit of the Collins line.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out the words
"to be able," and in lieu thereof to insert " en-
deavor."
Mr. Chairman, I do not move the amendment
for the purpose of adding strength to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clintgmax,] because 1 intend to vote against it.
I am not opposed to the principle involved; and if
it were an original question I would vote for his
proposition, believing that it will turn out ulti-
mately to be the.right one. I am not now in favor
of it. I prefer theamendrnent moved by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, inasmuch as it now gives us a
decided advantage. His proposition provides for
notice hereafter, and in the mean time the Govern- i
ment of the United States shall be relieved from
the obligation Jo take the steamers at appraise*
ment, or whatever rule of valuation may be agreed
on.
I desire to say, in reference to this matter, that
while 1 do not agree with the gentleman from Ohio,
that we had not the right, and, therefore,agree with
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr, Skelto.v,]
so far as he states that we have the power under the
statute of 1852, still, I believe that it is not acting
in good faith upon the part of the Congress of the
United States to take this step at this time. I con-
cede, upon reading the proviso just read by the
gentleman from Ohio, that there is no propriety,
no good faith, in the action by the Congress of the
United States upon this subject at this time, and
for this reason: The contractors with the Govern-
ment have built four steamers, at a cost of not less
than $75(1,000 each. They have expended an
amount, therefore, something like $3,000,000.
There are other expenses attendant upon the
running of those steamers to and fro between this
country and European ports, which is not much
less than jj75,000 for each of the twenty-six trips
annually made. Upon the mvestmentof this large
capital m this business, they had a right to ask
that the Congress of the United States should not
intervene in the provisions of that contract until
the time fixed by the statute had actually arrived.
They had the right to put a construction upon
that statute, which was the most favorable to
them. A resonable construction upon their part
would be, that it should not be a mooted question
in Congress, before the 31st of December, 1854,
and having invested po much capital, the proprie-
tors would seem to have a right to insist uponlhis
construction of the proviso, that Congress could
not in good faith terminate or make a proposition
to terminate this arrangement until after the expi-
ration of the term fixed by the statute.
1 think that we ought not to act upon this ques-
tion at this time; and, inasmuch as there are other
propositions before Congress, coming from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, from
the special committee, as indicated by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Mack,] I think that we
should have a full opportunity to debate the mat-
ter. I hope, therefore, the proposition to sever the
connection of the Government with the line of
steamers will not be pressed at this time. It has
been said that they nave not complied with the
terms of the contract, which required the building
of five steamers. Suppose the statement may be
correct in point of fact. The object the Government
of the United States had in view, in aiding the
Collins line was, doubtless, to obtain a certain
number of trips between Great Britain and the
Atlantic ports, and to transport the mails at cer-
tain regular periods. When this enterprise was
undertaken, we were in thedarlc as to what could
be done. Then the time of passage between the
United States and Great Britain was twelve and
fourteen days. It has been greatly reduced, until
it now requires but a few hours more than nine
days. Four ships may, therefore, do the work
originally contemplated by the contractors for
five. And, in point of fact, 1 understand that the
contract provides for the number of ships desig-
nated, if the Government shall demand them.
This has not been done, and of course, upon this
statement, there has been no failure on the part of
the contractors. It was an object, in order to
secure regularity, that there should be one steamer
constantly in port and ready for immediate ser-
vice. Duung the time when long passages were
made, it might naturally have been supposed that
the larger number of vessels would be required.
As speed acquired, and the time diminished, there
was less need of the largest number to accomplish
the full number of trips, and Government made
no call for the fifth steamer. The full service has
been performed, and this shows no failure on the
part oi the contractors.
[Here the hammer fell.j
Mr. BANKS then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I renew Mr. Banks's
amendment.
JThe committee here rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Asbury Dickins,
Esq., its Secretary, notifying the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills and
a joint resolution of the House, of the following
titles:
