1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
Mr. ROGERS. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make the report.
Mr. WALSH. How many bills constitute a
report?
The SPEAKER. One only.
On motion by Mr. ROO-ERS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
to which wa« referred the petition of John Window, Ed-
ward Wmslow, and others, asking for compensation for
revolutionary services of General John Winsiow, he dis-
charged from the same, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on .Revolutionary Pensions-
Mr. ROGERS also, from the same committee,
reported "A bill for the relief of the heirs of Daniel
Bedinger;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. ROGERS, it was
Ordered, That the same Commtttee, to winch was re-
ferred the petition and papers of Isaac S. Bowman, ICxecu-
tor oflsaac Bowman,a lieutenant, &c., in the revolution-
ary war, asking for lialf pay, and other compensation, he
discharged from the further consideration Thereof, and that
the same be referred to the Secretary of the Interior, for
liquidation, under the act of July 5, 1832.
Mr. ROGERS also, from the same committee,
reported "A bill for the relief of Colonel John H.
Stone and heirs;" which was read the first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROGERS also, fiom the same committee,
reported "A bill for the reliefof the legal representa-
tives of Colonel Willis Riddick, deceasedwhich
was read the first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the motion made by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was then taken; and, upon a divi-
sion, there were—ayes 42, noes not counted.
So the House refused to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on.the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER.. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of privilege.
It is well known that there is a question before
one branch of this Congress now, and it is shortly
expected to come up before this body, which has
created a great deal of sensation in the public mind.
Without expressing* any opinion upon it, either
one way or the other, I would like to know, while
there is such an immense amount of outside in-
fluence brought to bear upon it, whether it is
proper for distinguished gentlemen, members of
this House, to be seeking information by commun-
ion with the other world ? [Laughter.] I under-
stand that there has been a rule adopted by this
House precluding1 the introduction of liquor, and
I would like to know whether it is proper, in the
face of that rule, to introduce spirits upon the Ne-
braska question, as they have been introduced
down stans,in a room there? [Great Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. TWEED, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports in the cases of
Daniel B. Lewis, Reuben Apperson, and John
Slevin; which were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. TWEED, it was
Oidererf, That the «ame committer be discharged from
the further consideration of the case of the widow of Cap-
tain Timothy Newman, and that the petition and accom-
panying papers be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
Mr. TWEED also, from the same committee,
reported a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed:
"An act for the relief of James M. Lewis."
Mr. VAIL, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the following cases; which
were laid upon thetabie, and ordered to be printed:
The claim of Henry Jackson for a pension, on
account of disability incurred in the Mexican
war.
The petition, with accompanying papers, of
Charles Bemns, praying for an additional pension,
on account of services in the war of 1812.
Mr. VAIL also, from the same committee, re-
ported bills; which'were read a first and second
time by their titles, as follows, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed:
"A bill for the relief of William Mayo, of the
State of Maine;" and
" A bill for the relief of James Walsh."
Mr. STRAUB, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
ordered to lie upon the table, and be printed:
The petition of Lee H. Thomas, of Chambers
county, Alabama, for a pension for services ren-
dered the United States during the late war with
Great Britain, and in the Indian war of 1836.
The petition of Ephraim Sharp, of Dryden,
Tompkins county, in the State of New York,
praying for a pension.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, referred to a 1
Committee of the Whole House, made the order of
the day for to-morrow,and ordered to be printed:
" A bill for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri."
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on fnvahd Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of House bill
No. 2.34, entitled "A bill to amend the pension laws
therein mentioned;" and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. S. also made adverse reports in the follow-
ing cases; "and the petitions and papers were
ordered to lie upon the table:
The petition of J. N. Newton and others, asking
for the passage of a law providing that invalid
pensions may be allowed from the time when the
pensioners became injured, in the service of the
United States, up to the time when their names
were entered upon the list of invalid pensions.
The petition of John B. Smith and others, citi-
zens of the State of New York, asking for the pas-
sage of a law enabling persons entitled to pensions,
under the act of April 24, 1816, to receive said
pensions from the time of the passage of said act.
The petition of R. R. Piatt, asking for the pas-
sage of a law placing him upon the pension roll,
as in similar cases.
Mr. CHRISMAN, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the following ckses; and
the petitions, with accompanying papers, were
ordered to he upon the table:
The petition of Peter Frost, for an increase of
pension, dating from the time of his discharge,
July 1, 1846.
The petition of sundry citizens of Grand county,
State of Kentucky, praying that arrearages of
pensions may be paid to George Williams, who j
was wounded in the war of 1812.
The petition of Judith Taylor, widow of Cap-
tain John Taylor, who was killed during the war
of 1812, for a pension.
Mr. CHRISMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed:
"A bill for the relief of Albro Tripp.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred extra copies of the an-
nual icportof The Postmaster General be printed, for the use
of the Post Office Department.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on the
Library, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, joint resolution of the Senate (No.
6) "for supplying new members of the Senate
and House of Representatives with such books of
a public character as have been heretofore sup-
plied.
Mr. C. moved the previous question on the
resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to make an
appeal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chandler,] to withdraw the motion for the pre-
vious question for a few minutes, to enable Aie
to submit a few remarks in opposition to this res-
olution. I am now, and ever have been, opposed
to this practice of voting money out of the public
Treasury for the purchase of a private and politi-
cal library for members of Congress. I regard it
as a flagrant abuse; and I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his motion for the previous question,
that I may give the reasons, to my constituents
and the country, which govern my action.
A Member. Read the resolution.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It pro-
vides that each of the new members of the two
Houses of Congress shall be supplied with the
same number and description of such books of a
public character as were supplied to each mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives
during the last Congress, provided they be fur-
nished by the publishers at prices not exceeding
those at which they have heretofore been supplied
for the use of members of either House.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is with extreme reluct-
ance that I, at any time,impose the previous ques-
tion on any gentleman, and if I could be sure that
this matter would come up to-morrow morning,
1 would consent to its postponement until then;
otherwise I cannot do it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that. Let
it be postponed.
[Cries of " Question
Mr. CHANDLER. I am urged by gentlemen
around me to press the resolution now. I there-
fore demand the previous question, and leave it to
the House to decide.
Mr. DAVIS. All I can say is, that I hope the
House will vote down the previous question, and
let us discuss this matter.
Mr. McMTJLLIN. I desire some information
on the subject now before the House. What is
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is a resolution from the
Senate for the supply of books to new members.
It is reported back by the Committee on the Li-
brary, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to hear it read.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read,
unless objection is made.
There being no objection, the resolution was
again read.
The SPEAKER. On the third reading of this
joint resolution, the previous question is demanded.
The previous question was seconded—107 voting
in the affirmative; and the main question was or-
dered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table; and on that 1 ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put on the motion to lay
the joint resolution on the table; and it was not
agreed to.
The resolution was then ordered for-a third
reading; and having been read the third time, the
question recurred, Shall the joint resolution pass?
Mr. CHANDLER demanded the previous
question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I trust that the de-
mand for the previous question will be withdrawn
for a few moments.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot
be ordered on the second to the demand for the
previous question; but they may on the ordering
of the main question.
The previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair understands that,
011 the ordering of the main question to be-put, the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] demands the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. EW1NG- demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays, but they were not ordered.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. EWING-. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. I want the yeas and nays, in some
way or other.
The yeas and cays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
