2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
An act for the relief of William G. Smith;
An act for the settlement of the claims of W.
P. Bucknerand Pierce Crosby, passed midship-
men in the United States Navy;
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay John Charles Fremont for beef fur-
nished the California Indians; and
Joint resolution giving one hundred and sixty
acres of land to Francis M. George, of Indiana.]
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I do not design to tres-
pass on the indulgence of the House, having
addressed the committee to-day before. I will
only state that I sent to the Chair a correspondence
between the Postmaster General and Mr. Collins.
I have read it myself, and I believe it will throw
- some light on the subject.
, The conespondence was read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Post Office Department, January 24,1854.
Sir: Please state whether you employ more than four
ships, viz : the Atlantic, Pacific, Arctic, and Baltic, Tor the
seivice on your line between New York and Liverpool.
I am requested by the chanmanof the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Representatives to in-
form him of the number employed.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL.
E. K. Collins, Esq,
New York, January 28,1854.
Sir: With much pleasure do X reply to your letter of
24th, in answer to the inquiry as to the number of ships
employed by us to cariy the United States minis between
this and Liverpool. As this information is especially de-
sired for the honorable Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives, I begyou will pardon me tor
communicating some facta in relation to the mail steamers.
After the law passed authorizing the Postmaster General
to make contracts for transatlantic moil bteainers, he ad-
vertised, for several month*, for proposals for carrying the
•mails lor five years, to which we made no offer, knowing,
as we did, that we could not get capitalists to incur the
great outlay Cor that term of service, which would be ne
eessary to build suitable steamers for the twofold object of
war and mail steamers, (the clause requiring that all mail
steamers should be built suitable for war purposes, so that
they might, at almost a moment's warning, bo converted
into war steamers, was inseiteil at my instance, after the
bill had passed a second reading in the Senate.)
The Postmaster General reported to Congress that he had
accepted the offer oi Mr. Mills, and there we supposed was
the finale of that setvice. Home time after, having busi-
ness m Washington with theTieaMiry Department, f called
to pay my jeypucts to Mr. Hobbie, then the First Ar-slstatit
Postmaster General, who had long known the importance
I had considered the establishment of mail steamers. He
cxpiessed ins astonishment at not having received from me
a proposition to carry the mails. I gave him my rea&on8,as
herein before Htated ; h-e replied that the Postmaster Gen-
erul would like to see me. I arranged with Mr. II. to call
on him, which arrangement was* complied with. After a
somewhat lengthy interview, he desired me (as you will
see on reference to my letters in the Department) to make
a ptoposal to carry the mails between New York and Liver-
pool, ami at some tunc to state, in writing, why Liverpool
bhoulU be adopted a* the terminus in Europe, (which letter
is nKo in the Depai ttyent.) Some tune alter my proposals
Wi fe made, I called on the Postmaster General to know
wh.it the Government had concluded to do ; his reply was
u iliat, as he could not recommend any further speciai mail
sei vice, the Administration would have the naval war
steamer bill (then hHore Congress lor tvri war tteamers)
reduced to half its number; and thatour steamers would be
considered as substituted lof fhos-e taken from the hill."
As soon a* this was communicated to the chairman of the
Naval Committee as the wish of the Administration, thev
readily assented to it ; and, with some modifications, a bill
was passed to build four war steamers, and to which there
was an amendment authorizing th« Secretary of the Navy
to contract with us in conformity to our proposals to the
Postmaster General.
When we proposed to carry the mails, we intended, in
good faith, to perform thai service, and whether we have or
not, your Department must judge. When my proposition
wa  first made, the average time of the steamers from Liv-
erpool to Boston was fifteen days and six hours, equal to
at least sixteen days, to New Ymk, ami at that tune I did
not suppose that the service could be performed with less
than five steamers, to m&uie tin; regular transmission of
the mails, which is so essential to commeieo and for reve-
nue to the Government, nor could the service of twenty
tripss, as called for m the original contract, have been per
formed with leas than five ships of two thousand tons each ;
but by our increased size and speed, we have not only been
enabled to make oui passages in the average time ot a little
ov«r eleven days, (the eo&t of which over that of the time
taken, as herein stated by the English steamers, is more
than doubled,) but we are also enabled to make twenty-six
instead of twenty voyage-? per annum, as at first contem-
plated.
As soon as it was known that our Government had con-
tracted with us, no pains were spared in England to deride
the idea that America could build ocean steamers, and
never was British influence more exerted to defeat the in-
tore.st of her great maritime rival, than in their endeavors
to vanquish our line. Knowing that to silence English'
clamor, and to have the star spangled banner float unfi-
nished, we must do more than England had done, and we be-
heve thatthe world acknowledges the trident of the seas to
be still ours! Alter unceasing efforts of several months,
(owing to the discredit which had been thrown on ocean
steamers by those that had been built m thiscouutry,) it was
with great difficulty that we got subscribed alittle over a mil-
lion of dollars ; and although we advertised in almost every
laige city in our country for additional subscribers, before
and after we got the increased pay for the service, not a
single share was taken, notwithstanding every exertion to
get new subscribers, in order to lessen the indebtedness of
the company, which yet remains nearly one million and
a halt of dollars: but, fortunately, the original subscribers
to the stock were men who had tull as much regard for the
pride of the nation as for their own interest; they left me
untrainmeled, with but one edict, vvhidi was,"that" You
must not make a failure, if you risk every dollar." Does
history produce as much devotion to country's honor by
any oilier men 1 I think not. As before remarked, it was
necessary to do more lhan England had done ; and, in so
doing, we built four ships of much greater tonnage and
power than our competitors, by which means we are ena-
bled to perform the service with three ships, and have
always a spare ship m port; but the cost of keeping that
spare ship is nearly $15U,000 per annum. The ships of our
line are the Atlantic, Pacific, Arctic, and Baltic. We have
at command the most essential part of the frame for the
fifth ship, which the honorable, the late Secretary of the
Navy, Graham, did not deem necessary to be built at pres-
ent, remarking that we had better wait (o see what im-
piovements our rivals would make.
As many attempts have been made recently to throw dis-
credit on ocean mail steamers for war purposes, ( begleave
to Mate that the cost of ours was greatly enhanced to build
them suitably for that purpose; and that all our plans were
iubmitted to, and approved by, the Navy Department, and
I am not aware that a similar courso has been pursued by
any other contractors or their assignees. I am at any time
prepared to prove that, up to this time, the equal of ourfour
steamers has not been built, for war or peace purposes,
fcither in or out of the Navy; and it would afford me much
pleasure to appear before the honorable the Committee of
Ways and Means to convince them of what 1 have herein
stated. Yours, respectfully, _
EDWARD*K. COLLINS.
To Hon. James Campbell,
Postmaster General, Washington, JD. O.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to op-
pose the amendment, which I believe is to strike
out the words " have been able,"and to insert the
word "endeavor." 1 prefer the original phrase-
ology, because it requires the withdrawal of the
British steamers before the American steamers
shall be withdrawn. As connected with that act,
and pertinent to it, I desire to say a single word in
reference to that subject. The remark has been
made by a number of gentlemen, that these vessels
are unfit for war purposes. 1 believe ft is univer-
sally admitted, that these steamers are the safest
steamers in the world, and that they are not only
the safest, but that they are stronger and better
built than any war vessels afloat. 1 have it from
the lips of a distinguished officer of the Navy—
one who has served his country in both a civil
and military capacity—that these vessels are better
fitted than any vessels afloat for the purposes of
war. Commodore Perry told me that if he had
his choice of vessels for war steamers, he would
take one of these in preference to any other.
Now, sir, the objection ma.de to the construc-
tion of the British steamers* and mentioned in a
report of the admiralty upon that subject, ren-
dering them, as the admiralty thought, unfit as
vessels of war, was to the mode of construction
of their bows and sterns; and those defects are
entirely overcome, in the construction of the ves-
sels of the Collins steamers. As a proof of the
fact, that these vessels are the safest and strong-
est steamers afloat, and therefore susceptible, at
a small expense, of being converted into war
steamers, I will state a fact which I heard in New
York, but from no authoritative source, and I
mention it only to call to it the attention of those
who would be likely to know about it; and that
was, that it was currently reported there that the
Emperor of Russia, as also the Emperor of
France, had both made application to the owners
of the Collins line for the purchase of one or more
of those vessels for war purposes, and that Mr.
Collins declined upon the ground that they were
vessels belonging to the United States; or, atleast,
that they were at thecommand of the United States
for war purposes at any time they might be de-
manded; and that, therefore, it was not in his
power to dispose of them. Now, sir, I do not
know whether these statements are true or not; I
mention them for the purpose of asking gentle-
men who know whether they are so or not.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I suppose I cannotdebate
the amendment. But I rise for the purpose of
ilfodifying my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment cannotbe modified unless the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman frorfi New York
to the amendment is disposed of,
Mr. CLINGMAN. But I may desire to mod-
ify my amendment by accepting the amendment
of the gentleman from New York. At least 1
think I have the right to modify my amendment.
Mr. WALBR1DGE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew hia amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now modify my amend-
ment so that it will read:
Provided, further, That the President shall endeavor by
treaty or otherwise, to induce the British Government to
abandon in a similar manner the subsidv paid to the Cunard
line, in which event the Postmaster General is instructed
to take the necessary steps to get rid of the existing con-
tracts with ocean mail steamers for the transportation of
the mails.
I only desire to say that I desire that the Presi-
dent shali be instructed to induce the British Gov-
ernment, if possible, to abandon their contract
with the Cunarders, and then we can, with a better
conscience, abandon our system.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a very in-
teresting debate; bat, like all good things, it must
have a termination, i move that the committee
rise, that I may move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of terminating the five minute debate.
The question was taken; and the motican was
not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to strike out
of the proviso the words "in a similar manner."
It is a very difficult thing in a speech of five
minutes to discuss as it should be discussed, so
important a question as this. Gentlemen who'
were here a few years ago, when this appropria-
tion was made for an increase of compensation to
the Collins line, will recollect very well, no doubt,
the exciting and interesting debate that then en-
sued. Well informed gentlemen from all parts of
the country looked upon the competition between
the British steamers of the Cunard line and the
American steamers of what is called the Collins
line, as a great national question. I recollect dis-
tinctly that a distinguished Senator from Texas
stated, in a report to the Senate, that the people
of the United States had paid the British Govern-
ment, for postages charged by the Cunard line,
$5,000,000. We had no competition or share of
the postages between Europe and the United States
prior to the establishment of this line. A postal
arrangement was made by the United States and
Great Britain, after which the Collins line was.
established, and now we receive about $*<90,000
per annum for transporting mails under this pos-
tal arrangement.
And here let me say to gentlemen of this com-
mittee, that the four ships of the Collins line, in
point of tonnage, exceed seven of the Cunard line
of steamers. The British Government sustained
their line. The Collins line was estabhsed by
the capital, not of Mr. Collins alone, but of men
of capital and enterprise m the country, and they
were to make about twenty trips a year. About
$3,000,000 were expended by those gentlemen in
this great enterprise. They found, in competition
with the Cunard line, aided by the British Gov-
ernment, that it was a losing business, their stock
at that time being worth only about fifty cents for
the one dollar paid by them, and they appealed to
Congress, as it was a national measure, for an in-
crease of compensation, if they would increase their
trips to twenty-six instead of twenty per annum,
and Congress gave it to them. I think it would be
a violation of good faith towards this company
now to give them notice that their contract will
terminate on the 31st of December next, as will
be perceived from'the reading of the proviso:
" Provided, that it shall be in the power of Congress at
any time after the 31si day of Dei-ember, 1854, to terminate
the arrangement for the additional allowance herein pro-
vided for on giving six months' notice."
I think the motion of my colleague, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, [Mr. Olds,] to strike out all of the section
from the eighth to the tenth line, is a proper one.
Let us not legislate to-day, and next year reverse
that legislation and violate our own contracts. You
must adhere to your own propositions, or the en-
terprising men of the country will pay no atten-
tion to them. I say that these ships of the Collins
line are amongthe very best in the world. Nay,
I believe they are the very best in the world. I
would take Commodore Perry's judgment about
them in preference to that of half a dozen old
fogy officers who have not gone to sea for per-
haps twenty years. Commodore Perry is a host
in himself. When Washington was appointed
commander-in-chief of the Army the second time,
during the Presidency of John Adams, he was
