1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
to the examination of a question connected with a
private claim, when I have had sufficient experi-
ence already to be satisfied that they are unwilling
to listen to any discussion on a private claim, no
matter how extensive may be the principles in-
volved in it, or how great the effect of the prece-
dent that is established for the purpose of disburs-
ing money out of the public Treasury. I do not
desire, therefore, on a subject on which Senators
are unwilling to listen or investigate, but are dis-
posed to vote on faith, to interfere with their
views. It is enough for me to make up my own
mind, and determine my own course.
Mr. PEARCE. The motion pending is to send
to the House of Representatives a request to return
the bill to us.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. I must express the hope that
that will not be done. It is rather an unusual
proceeding, and, until of late years, was almost
unknown to the Senate; and I think it should not
be resorted to except upon extraordinary occa-
sions. Now, sir, I agree with the Senator from
Delaware, that this bill ought not to have been
pnssed. It struck me that the claim of Mr. My-
erle was not one of strict right, and scarcely of
strong equity. I look upon it rather as a benev-
olence. I was not able to bring myself to vote
for the payment of the jpO.QOO proposed The
Senate thought otherwise, after quite as much dis-
cussion as we usually have upon a private lull;
and 1 doubt much whether we ought to send to
the House of Representatives for the bill, and
whether the Treasury of the United States will
be very much benefited by the operation. Tt is
rather a small affair; and as it has gone from us
I think the Senate ought, not to get into the prac-
tice of sending to the House of Representatives
for bills which we have passed. I hope we shall
not do so now; for, Mr. President, it must be
observed that if we do get into this practice it
leads to another evil, and that is, to hasty and
inconsiderate passage of bills, which do not re-
ceive the attention they always ought to have.
This habit of sending to the House of Representa-
tives, I say, may occasion that practice. If we
determine that we will not send there for private
bills which have passed the Senate, we probably
shall be more careful in the future to investigate
the merits of a claim before its passage.
Mr. BRIGHT. The motion which I have
made is one of very common occurrence; one that
has been made lepeatedly in this body during this
session. During the last week the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson) made one, if not two,
motions of a similar character—one, I recollect
very distinctly. The Senator from Maryland says
this is a small matter. So it is. It is an nppro-
piiation of only #30,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will usk the gentleman
what two motions I made?
Mr. FUUGHT. I understood that the Senator
from Aiknnsas made a motion directing the Sec-
retary to lequest the House to return a bill, which
had been parsed by the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes sir; one motion in refer-
ence to one bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. This is a motion of common
orcunence It is one which is repeatedly made
here. The principle is the same, whether the
amount be large or small. As I stated when I was
up before, I voted against this claim twice. I voted
upon it yesterday for the third time, and then I
voted for it under the impression that the claim
was a just one; or that at least, wc ought,to pay
the individual nome amount. I first voted to fix
the sum at $10,000; but, failing in that, I preferi ed
to vote for appropriating $30,000 rather than that
the claimant should receive nothing. I regret that
the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atch-
ison.] whose constituent I understand the claim-
ant is, who is conversant with the claim, did not
yesterday give us ihe benefit of his counsel in re-
gard to it, because,since then,he has stated satis-
factory leasons to my mind whyhevoted against it.
Sir, I will not be placed in theattifude of having
voted for a claim that is unjust and improper. It
may he that this claim is not so; but the Senator
from Delaware says, very confidently, that it is;
and other Senators speak in that manner. I think ,
it is proper that it be reconsidered, in order that j
they may have the opportunity of showing that it j
is ho. The Senator from Delaware remarks, in a I
private conversation, that he did not intend any- i
thing personal by criticising my vote on this
claim; but that he regards the votes which I gen-
erally give here, on such questions, as correct. I
am very happy to have his good opinion on that
point. I desire to continue those relations between
us; and i can only do it by voting against im-
proper claims. If this be one of that character, I
am for giving him an opportunity of showing it;
hence, 1 ask that the bill may be returned to the
Senate. I am inclined to believe that there may
be something wrong about it.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I doubt
whether this is not the first time that such a mo-
tion as this has been made for the reason which
this is now made. It is true, we sometimes
authorize our Secretary to recall bills which have
been sent to the House of Representatives; but
for what reason? Why, for reasons similar to
that which was given a few days ago by the Sen-
j ator fiom Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] for recalling
j the bill which he then wished to have brought
J back to the Senate; namely, that the Senate had
I committed an error. In that case, by the bill as
I sent to the 1 louse of Representatives, we proposed
i to repeal one law when we intended to repeal
1 another.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was an error of date.
Mr. WALKER. There was an error of date,
and consequently it was necessary to get the bill
back in order to correct our action. Bur can any
one call to mind an instance where we have re-
quested the House of Representatives to return a
bill to us that we might consider its merits? Not
at. all. For one, at all events, ! have no remem-
brance of any such case. Now, it is proposed to
recall this bill for the purpose of discussing it de
novo■—to give Senators an opportunity to show
that it ought not to be passed, when that was the
mam consideration in the fust instance. 1 re-
member that when this case was before the Sen-
ate on a former occasion, one of the th«jn Senators
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] came down upon
it with such an argument and such a speech as is
rarely heard in a legislative body. 1 remember
the effect and force of that speech; but, notwith-
standing it, the Senate took the vote and passed
the hill. They passed it more than once.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think this is the first time
it passed.
Mr. BRIGHT. It failed before.
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman will find that,
on that occasion, it passed the Senate, but never
both Houses at the same time.
Mr. BADGER, My friend from Wisconsin
is right. The bill passed the Senate on the occa-
sion referred to, having first passed the House;
but an amendment was made m the Senate, and
that bill, with the ptoposed amendment, went
back to the House, ami was there laid on the
table. That is the way m which it was lost at
that session.
Mr. WALKER. I thought my memory did
no! fail me m legaid to the fact that the Senate
had passed the bill. Now, I should be pleased to
hear the Senator from Missouri, who proposes to
address himself to this subject; hut I do not think
it will be a safe policy for us to recall bills from
the House of Representatives for the purpose, not
of correcting a mistake, but of considering them
upon their merits.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator from Wis-
consin is mistaken. I do not propose making a
speech in relation to the matter at all. But, sir,
as to the proposition submitted now by the Sen-
ator from Indiana to the Senate, let me say that
it is one of fr equent occui rence. Under our rules,
|; three days are allowed within which to move a
;l reconsideration of a bill that has been passed or
: rejected by the Senate. When a bill is passed,
! sometimes it lies upon the Secretary's table until
' the three days elapse; but that is generally done
; only upon the suggestion that it may be recon-
I sidered. The only method by which we can reach
i a reconsideration of a bill that has passed from the
; Senate to the House of Representatives, even
i within the three days allowed under our rules, is
' by offering a resolution or morion requesting the
House to return the bill to the Senate. I venture to
say that this occurs not only once, but frequently
' during each session of Congress, and is done not
merely by one House, but by both Houses.
| Mi. WELLER. Suppose a bill has passed
| both Houses?
i Mr. ATCHISON. Then, perhaps, it would be
out of our reach. When it becomes a law, it is
beyond the reach of the Senate or the House.
But it is sometimes the case that when a bill has
passed both Houses, and gone to the President of
the United States, arequestismadeby the House,
which last acted on the bill, to the President, to re-
turn it. I have known instances of that kind.
Sir, I do not know whether I can satisfy any
other gentleman in relation to this claim; nor do
I know that I shall take the trouble to do so. I
have often discussed the question. It is one of
the fjreat questions which have been pending in
the Senate during the last eleven years, it was one
upon which my former colleague [Mr. Benton]
and myself uniformly agreed.
Mr. PRATT. The only one? [Laughter.]
Mr. ATCHISON. One among the few of late
years; not the only one. I have a knowledge of
this claim from its inception. A portion of the
demand for money against the United Slates arose,
as the claimant alleges,under circumstances which
took place in the State of Missouri. He went to
the State of Kentucky, and to the State of Mis-
souri, to teach the farmers in the hemp-growing
regions of those two States the manner of water-
rotting hemp. This is the foundation of hisclaim.
I know what transpired in the State of Missouri.
If I mistake not, I introduced the first memorial
of David Myerle that ever was presented to the
Senate of the United States. I thought, at that
time, that hisclaim was a just one; and I con-
tinued to think so until I returned home. Then I
was called to account, by my constituents, for pre-
senting the memorial and pressing the claim. I
inquired into it, and I found they were of opinion
that, instead of his being entitled to damages
against tfie Government, the very reverse was the
case.
1 do not know, sir, that I shall say anything
more on this subject; though, perhaps, if the bill
be brought back, I may give my views in relation
to it. I may state what I know about it, and I
can refer to what my former colleague said upon
this matter; and I think if his speeches be duly
considered by the Senate, they will settle the
clatm.
Mr. GWTN. Mr. President, I confess that I
am not very familiar with this claim, although it
was reported from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs The Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Thomson,] who is now absent, had charge of it,
as a member of that committee. When he left
here a few days ago, he urged me to bring it
forward and have it acted upon, and he stated to
me that the facts of the case would appear in the
report accompanying the bill. That report was
read to the Senate yesterday, and the hill was dis-
cussed. If there is anything wrong connected
with this claim, I know nothing of it. If there is
anything new, that has not heretofore been brought
pgamst the claim, I should like to hear it. But
it seems that the two Senators from Missouri
opposed it on a former occasion with all the power
and eflVct which they possessed in this body. If
there was merit in their opposition, certainly they
could have destroyed this private bill when it was
fully discussed by them, i believe that the claim
is just, and that the bill ought to pass, or certainly
1 should not advocate it. 1 take it, however, very
much from the representations of others, for 1 h?\,ve
not gone into its details; but the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina has, and he yesterday
slated bi iefly the reasons why the bill should pass.
If there is anything; wrong in the claim there must
be something wrong in the report; but I undertake
to say, that the statements contained in the report
can he verified, because it emanated from the Com-
mittee on Naval Afifans, and we are in the habit
of examining closely eveiy question upon which
we report. The Senator from New Jersey, who
made the report, is not here, but I brought up the
case at his request; and I am sorry that 1 am not
better informed upon the subject. I undertake to
say, however, that although the Senators from
Indiana and Missouri think that the Government
is not indebted to this individual, I do not believe
they can establish the fact that there is anything
wrong in the claim, or in the action of Congress
upon it.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the question of
practice involved in this debate, is, to my mind,
one of much more importance than any question
as to the amount mvo'ved in the appropriation
proposed to be made by the bill. My honorable
