488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
to lay the resolution on the table, and decided in the
negative.
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the resolution; and being put, it was decided m the
affirmative.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider- upon thtf table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. VAIL. I ask for tellers upon that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Dean appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes not counted.
So the motion was .not agreed to.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of committees
for reports.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask now to presentthere-
port of the joint committee appointed by the House
and the Senate, in reference to the sufferers and
rescuers connected with the steamship San Fran-
cisco.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will be
read.
It was read, as follows:
Joint resolution manifesting tlie sense of Congress towards
the ofiiceis and seamen ofthe vessels and others engaged
in the rescue of the officers and soldieis ofthe Aimy, the
passengers, and the officers and eiuw of the Meamship
San Francisco, iiom perishing with the vvieck of that
vessel.
Resolved by the Senate and Hou*e of Representatives of
the Umte<I States of •flmericain Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States he requested to p'rocure
three valuable gold medals, with Mutable devu e*, one lo he
presented to Captain Crei«hton, of ihe ship Three l&elK of
Glasgow; one to Captain Low, ol the Inn k lviiby, of Ho*
ton ; and one to Captain Stouffer, ofthe ship Annuetie, as
testimonials of national eratnude tor (heir yalhint conduct
in rescuing about five bundled Americans Jrom the wreck
ofthe steams-hip San Fiauei^co ; and that the co^t o! the
same be paid out ot any money 111 the Treasury not oilier-
wise appmpiiated.
Sec. 2. Resolved, That a Mini not eveecdinj? $100,000 is
hereby appropriated, out of any money m the TieaMiry not
otherwise appropnated, to enable the President to reward,
in sueh manner as he may deem most nppropriate, the. of
ficers and eiews of'(hose vessels that aided m the rescue of
the survivors ot said wreck, and such other pei-on* as dis-
tinguished themselves hyotFices of hmnanity and lieioism
on that occasion; the rowaid to be proportionate to the
nature ofthe effort-, made,and the mentol the services ren-
dered, so far as the same can be a^ceitamed.
The resolution was then read the second time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution contains an
appropriation, and ltmustthereforego to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 know that it provides an
appropriation, and that, according to the rules of
the Bouse, it must go to the Committee of the
Whole; but it has been resting so long m our hands,
and so many events have transpired since it was
introduced to occupy the attention of the House,
that i hope the House will give their unanimous
consent to act upon it at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the rules
say, that bills or resolutions providing: an appro-
priation must have their first consideration in the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule of the House;
but the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as the
Chair understands, is in the act of appealing to the
House to suspend the rules, by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that the House will
consent to act upon the resolution now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks the unanimous consent of the House
to consider the resolution now. Is objection made?
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the motion,then,
that the House make this matter a special order
for Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. There is already a special
order for that day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will then say Wednes-
day next.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimons pleasure
of the House that the consideration of this resolu-
tion be postponed to Wednesday next?
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move its reference to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
with a view to its consideration there.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order, and «
will be entertained. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, however, asks the unanimous consent
to make the resolution the special order for Wed-
nesday next.
Mr HUNT. 1 hope that the House will grant
unanimous consent to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to make his motion. This is a matter
which properly presses itself upon the attention of
the country 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman fiom Louisiana that there is a special
rule of the House requiring bills or resolutions
which contain appropriations to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of theUnion,
and if any member objects to their consideration
when introduced, they must go there.
Mr. HUNT. I was perfectly aware of the
rule; but there was only one gentleman objecting
to its consideration, and 1 hope that he will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. McMCJLLlN. T can inform my friend
from Louisiana that 1 was not the only member
objecting, but that there weie several members
who objected.
Mr. HUNT. I am mistaken, then, it seems.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 object to making this matter
a special order, upon the ground that I endeavored
to get a bill to authorize the construction of steam
frigates made a special order, but the House re-
fused to do it.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is upon referring this joint resolution to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on thestate of the Union.
Mr. CUTTING. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs inform the House
what action they had upon this matter?
Mr. BISSELL. I will inform the gentleman
from New York, that the Committee on Military
Affairs took the subject up with a view of consid-
ering it; but, upon understanding that the Select
Committee were about ready to make a report,
they concluded to defer action until thatrepoit
should be made, in order that there might not be
any conflict in the action of the two committees
Mr. CUTTING. 1 would ask whether a report
has not been made by the Committee on Military
Affaiis upon the same subject, and what disposi-
tion was made of the bill so reported?
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by them
was passed a few days since.
Mr. CUTTING. That was another bill.
Mr. BISSELL. It was the bill for the relief of
the sufferers on board of the San Francisco, which
came from the Senate, but which has been sent
back to the Senate with the non-concurrence of
the House in one of its amendments. I thought
that the gentleman referred to the bill rewarding
the captains and officers ofthe ships that rescued
the San Francisco.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is that motion debatable?
| The SPEAKER. The rules of the House re-
j quire that all bills or joint resolutions making ap-
' piopriutions shall be fiist consideied in the Com-
I rnittee of the Whole; and, inasmuch as this resolu-
i tion makes an appropriation, the Chair thinks it
is not debatable, but that it must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that it may go there
without the vote of the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to inquire if
it has not been the usual practice uf the House to
allow debate upon motions to commit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that a bill containing an appropriation cannot be
first considered in the House, and therefore that
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
is not debatable. Plow far it might be competent
for the gentleman to discuss the motion to print
is another question* but the rule is quite clear as
to the motion to refer.
Mr. TAYLOR. Does the Speaker decide that
we have no right to debate a motion to commit ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not in order to debate first in the House any bill
i containing an appropriation.
j Mr. HUNT. We are not proposing to debate
! the bill. It is only proposed to discuss the ques-
; tion of reference. When a bill is presented in
i the House, and a motion is made to refer it to a
I certain committee, is not that motion regularly
before the House, and is it not subject to dis-
cussion ?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion to
refer to any standing committee pending, that the
Chair is aware of.
Mr. HUNT. I understood my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullij?,] to move to refer the
resolution to the Committee of the Whole; and
that it was this motion of reference which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania proposed to discuss.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion cannot be debated, under the 133d rule of
this House, which is as follows:
Cl AH proceedings touching appropu.itions of money shall
, be first discussed in a Committee of the Whole House.."
Mr. CHANDLER. It is very evident that if
this hill is referred to the Committee of the Whole
! on the state of the Union, there will be divers
other shipwrecks before it will ever be reached,
and any action taken upon it there. I propose,
■ therefore, if it be in order, to move to recommit
1 the bill to the Committee on the Library.
! The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, but
i the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
; on the state of the Union takes precedence, and
1 must be first put.
j Mr. ORR. I would suggest to my friend from
i Pennsylvania that he can accomplish his purpose
by allowing the resolution to go to the Committee
j of the Whole on the state of the Union, and then,
j on Monday next, under a suspension of the rules,
: he can have it made a special order. In this man-
I ner he can insure to it an early action upon the
S part of the House.
i Mr. CHANDLER. With thatunderstanding,
; I have no objection to its going to the Committee
I of the Whole on the state of the Union. Mv only
: object is to secure for it the action of the House
at an early day.
J The question was then put upon Mr. McMul-
' lin's motion, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RIDDLE. I desire to remind the Chairr
| that, in calling the committees for reports, he has
omitted to call the Committee on Engraving.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Engrav-
ing is a privileged committee, and has the right to
report at any time.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Engraving to report the following reso-
lution:
Revolted, That the Committee on F.ngravingbe, andthey
are heieby, authorized and directed to have lithographed
and printed the map-? accompanying the report of the fc><'c-
jetaiy of War on the exploration of the loutes for the Pa-
cific railroad: Provided, That the cost shall not exceed $7.>,
The Committee on Engraving thought that this
was a subject in which the House was very much
interested, and as the work involves so littie cost,
they authorized me to offer this resolution.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, from the Committee
of Ways and Means,reported " A bill to provide
for the completion of certain custom-houses and
manne hospitals therein mentioned;" which was
rend o first and second time by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the Committee of
Ways and Means be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution adopted by the
jrand jury of Philadelphia, with reference to post
office accommodations in that city. The resolu-
tion does not appropriately belong to the Ways
and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire now to give the gen-
tleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Chandler] an op-
portunity of moving to refer the resolution to such
; committee as he thinks the proper one.
j Mr. ORR. I would suggest the Committee on
' Public Buildings and Grounds.
! Mr. HAVEN. Jt seems to me that it might
appropriately go to the Committee on the Post Of-
- fice and Post Roads.
; Mr. CHANDLER Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to say, that I understand the
Committee on thePost Office and Post Roads does
not intend to-take any action with reference to
post office buildings. I can only say that there
will soon be no accommodation for the Philadel-
