1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
urged to accept that appointment by the President,
because his very name,<isMr. A. said, was worth
seveiM armies. Commodore Perry's opinion about
the strength arid utility of these Collins steamers
is worth a dozen of such men as are sent from
their quarters at home to investigate the utility,
strength, quality, and power of these steamships.
And Perry says that these Collins steamers are
suited for war purposes, and among the very
best ships built. I have sailed across the ocean
in one of thern myself, and I have seen nothing
abroad equal to them. I have heard hundreds of
men in Europe expressing their admiration, of
them as the best ships on the face of the globe.
And I believe that they are fit for many purposes
of war.
I have not time to enlarge on this subject; but I
wilt say, that the faith ofthe Government is plighted
here. The faith t)f the Government is pledged to
this company until after the 31st of December,
1854, when you may give the notice to discon-
tinue the contract. *My colleague on my right
[Mr. Olds] made a proper and honorable motion
to strike out all the first section of the bill except
that making the appropriation, and I hope it will
be adopted by the committee.
I kave referred to Commodore Perry's opinion
in relation to these steamers, and I will send it to
the Clerk's desk that it may be read.
The following extracts from a letter written by
Commodore Perry to the Secretary of the Navy,
were accordingly read:
II According to mycalci!!nlmns,thpoostof the conversion
of enher the beforementioned vessels, exclusive of arma-
ments, repair of machinery, &c., would not, or certainly
ought not, to cost for each sti airier over y20,000^ und it
' could readily be done for this at any of our navy-yards.
Willi respect to the description and weight ot their respec-
tive armaments, I am clearly of the opinion thai the first
class steamers already named could easily carry four ten-
inch Paixhan guns on pivots—two forward and two aft—
of the weight of those in the Mississippi, and ten eight inch
Paixhan uuns on the sides; and this armament would not
incommode the vessels, and the weight less than the ice,
winch is usually forty tons, and stowed away in one mass."
*******
u In the general operations of a maritime war they could
render good service, and especially would they bu useful
from their great speed as dispatch vessels,and for the trans-
portation oi troops, always capable ot attack and defense,
and of overhauling or escaping from an enemy.
" The Atlantic, Baltic, and Arctic, have all been built,
inspected, and received by the Navy Department.''
Mr. GIDDINGS. I shall not enter into any
particulars in relation to the amount of this appro-
priation. I wish to say a word or two in answer
to my colleague, [Mr. Taylor.] Mr. Chairman,
the impolicy of attempting to follow foreign Gov-
ernments in their extravagances of legislation,
must be apparent to us all.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let me suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that we are making
foreign Governments and foreign people follow us.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I understand the gentleman
from Maine to say that we are making foreign
Governments follow us. The whole argument in
favor of this subsidy to the Collins line, urged at
the commencement of this system, was, that the
British Government had established and subsid-
ized the Cunard line; and that, therefore, we, the
American Congress, were bound to do the same
thing. That it was necessary, in order to main-
tain our national glory, to keep up our reputation
as the greatest people upon earth. And now what
a spectacle are we presenting to the country and
to the world ! A proposition has been madehere
to-day not merely to legislate on the subject our-
selves, to transact cur own business, to control
our own affairs, but to direct or request the Pres-
ident of the United States to interpose with the
English Government, for the purpose of affecting
the legislation of the British Parliament. Now, I
am very willing to go to almost any length in le-
gislation: I would ret limit our power by any or-
dinary rules of jurisdiction; I would be willing to
insist that we aie really the greatest people upon
earth. Indeed, I will even say, at this time, that
1 would object to the annexation of Great Riitain.
Then we might legislate for her withoutdifficulty:
but 1 doubt the propriety of attempting it now.
I am not willing to direct the President to inter-
fere with the legislation of any foreign Govern-
ment.
1 do not know of anything which would have
struck me as more entirely without the line of our
duty than the proposition which is now rrade to
control the British Government in its extrava-
gance: to ask a foreign Power to desist from its i
unwise legislation—saying if they will Lease to be i
unw^e and extravagant, we will then cease tc tol- '
low out a system which is palpably wrcr.g, Vie
are sent here to legislate for ouiselves, for our own
country, not to correct the abuses of the British
Parliament, nor to adopt the errors of foreign
Governments; not to follow the example of foreign
nations in their extravagar.ee. AV ho did not see
this state of facts at the time this subject was first
hurried upon the consideration of Congress ? The
avenues to this House were soon crowded, and
our Halls almost surrendered to the possession of
lobby members, who were endeavoring to get us
to establish lines of steamers to almost every port
in the civilized world. If I recollect aright, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr, Weniwortu] in-
troduced a resolution to exclude them from the
Hall, in order to allow members to get to ai.d
from their seats. Gentlemen who have served
in Congress for a few years past must recollect
these things. They succeeded. We yielded to
their demands in part, "We established several
lines. We have tried the experiment; it has
failed. I cannot say that 1 have been disappointed,
but all must admit the principle to be wrong.
Let me say that, in my opinion, the only proper
course is to let the carrying of these foreign mails
be open tc competition, so that ail may have an
equal chance for the sen ice, and let the company
whose bid is most advantageous to the Government
have the contract. 1 do not look at the expense.
It is not our province, nor is it consistent wuh
the principles ot the Govermrer.t, to speculate in
this matter, by bestovwig favcis upon certain
indwidxialsl nor by entering into j.arlnei&hips v\ ith
companies to build ships, and give them a mo-
nopoly, thereby discouraging ether commercial
men who cannot compete with the Government.
I object to such a course. Though having gen-
erally very little sympathy with gentlemen over
the way, yet, on this occasion, I thank them for
discarding the idea of granting monopolies to in-
dividuals. It is opposed to the whole spirit of our
republican institutions. Monopolies cannot exist
in a pure Government. No Government can
maintain its character for justice, if it grants mo-
nopolies of this description. The very favoritism
shown to one is of itself a wrong to others. It is
unjust to all others. If justice be virtue, let it
be dealt out with an even hand to every man.
Let each enjoy the same privilege, and none will
complain.
I do not object to the character of those steam-
ers; nor do I care whether they were suitable for
war vessels or not. I would not have given one
cent more to this company if they had furnished
the best ships for war in the universe. We merely
wanted the mails carried. The speed with which
they were transported was a matter of considera-
tion, but whether there were two or five Paixhan
guns, or none at ail, on board the ships, was a
matter of perfect indifference with us. When the
proposition to bestow this monopoly on the com-
pany was first brought forward, I regarded the
plan for making the ships suitable for war steam-
ers a sheer humbug, invented for the purpose of
giving the prestige of war to the matter, to cover
up the favoritism, and render it more acceptable
to the people. I looked upon it, and supposed
other gentlemen to regard it, an argument ad
hominem, in order to induce us to vote for the
main proposition. I do not believe there was a
man who supposed we were to have war during
the existence of this contract. No man expected
it. No one had any more idea of such an event
then than we have now. The whoie truth is, this
extravagant expenditure has been made for the
purchase of national glory. To follow the exam-
ple of England in her career of gloiy. Well, sir,
the glory has departed—the money is gone—and
thegentleman from North Carolina desires to pass
a law directing the President to exert his best en-
deavors, with Her Britannic Majesty and her Par-
liament, not to lead us after any more such phan-
toms of glory. Now, sir, I would act as becomes
an American Congress—as becomes American
statesmen. I would act independent of British
examples; independent of all monarchies. We
profess to be a Democracy, a republican govern-
ment, and to deal in plain matters of fact, and not
ij m matters of show; in stern realities, and not m
i| vain glory.
II [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, by unanimous consent
then withdrew his amendment. '
Mr. GOODE. I move to strike out the first
line of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Now, sir, 1 believe it to be competent for the
House to give this notice. Tne language is ex-
press and emphatic that it shall be competent for
Congress, after the 31st day of December next,
to tei rmnate this contract, and to put the parties
in possession of the fact that we intend to do so.
We are required to give them six months'nctice.
The terms of the proviso refer to the termination
of the contract, and not to the notice. The ob-
ject is to give the parties notice of the termination
of the arrangement. The contract gives us the
right to terminate it after the 31st of December,
and the plain reason and intention of the proviso
enables us to give the notice before that time.
But it is said that this contractv6ught not to be
terminated because our faith is pledged. How?
These men contract with us for twenty trips, at
$19,250 a trip, and all that was pledged on the
part of the Government was pledged then in that
contract. What we have given them since on
account of the twenty trips, is all a mere gratuity,
and without one particle of consideration acciuing
to the Government. We put the contract at a cer-
tain sum, and they came forward here and induced
us to increase the amount from §10,250 to jii33,000
atrip, and that increase was made without con-
sideration or equivalent, making in all §858,000
per year for these vessels, and tor what? I call
upon this House to say for what? Do wlpay this
£>858,000 to this line because the service we re-
ceive fiom these vessels is sufficient to compensate
us? Sir, the statement which has been made
here iu i efereuce to the earnings oi this line also
include the earnings ofthe Cunard line. Our Post-
master General has given us the returns of the
revenue received by these different lines of steam-
ers, from which it appears that the net earnings "
of the Collins line of steamers are set down at
$192,000 and a fraction.
And again, it has been stated that this Govern-
ment has paid less to the Collins line than the
British Government has paid the Cunard line.
Now, sir, the British Government pay to the Cu-
narders <£175,000 per annum, being less than
$900,000, and require them to make fifty trips a
year. Now, let us see which Government pay the
most for.the service rendered The British Gov-
ernment pay less than §900,000 for fifty trips
a year. The United States Government pay
|858,000 for twenty-six trips, being about an
equal sum for about half the service.
But, sir, I was astonished at the position and
argument of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman.] He justifies the support of the Col-
lins line, on the ground that before it was estab-
lished the Cunard line, supported by the bounty
of the British Government, were affecting injuri-
ously American commerce and navigation. The
private merchantmen of our country and the
Collins line is brought forward and supported, to
defend and protect the American merchantmen
against this injurious action of the Cunarders.
The gentleman finds American shipping interest
assailed, in jeopardy, about to be driven from the
geas, by the unequal and unfair competition of
one line of ocean mail steamers, supported by the
bounty of the British Government, and he pro-
poses to relieve our shipping interest; to keep our
flag flying on the seas, by incorporating another
line of ocean mail steamers, to be supported by
the bounty of the American Government! The
Collins line, receiving from us a bounty of
§858,000, brought forward to act in concert-
actually to alternate—with the Cunard line, 1 e-
ceiving a bounty of near §900,000 from England ,
and done for the safety and protection of the pri-
vate merchantmen,of our own country. American
commerce unable to support the unequal aompe-
tition of one line of ocean steamers, supported by
the bounty of Government, subjected to the more
unequal competition of two lines of ocean mail
steamers, supported by the bounty of Govern-
ment! and this, too, as a measure of relief!
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. ! rise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. 1 am opposed to it because I am opposed
to anything which will have a tendency to leim-
itinte this contract at present Formerly, as it 1 as
been said, the mails and passengers between this
country and Europe were transported by means of
