1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
by the enemy in consequence of having been used
by our troops as a means of defense.
That is my recollection of the nature of the
claims and it is the reason why it is taken out of
the exception for which the Senator from Illinois
contends. I am confident it does not come within
the rule laid down by him; and if he finds that I
am right in this, I know his generous disposition
will induce him to vote for the bill if it is right..
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I imagine, sir, that private
claims will have to yield to the public business of
the Senate; and therefore that this bill will not be
discussed to-day. In justice to the claimants, and
to those who under this bill stand in the same posi-
tion, it may be appropriate that I should give
some of the facts of the case, so as to disabuse
the mind of my honorable friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] and those who have heard his
speech.
Under the general law of 1816, the Government
of the United States bound itself to pay for all
houses and buildings which weie destroyed by the
enemy, where the destiuction was caused by the
occupancy of such houses by the military forces
of the United States, or the agents of the United
States. The principle of the present bill is, that
the Government is equally bound to pay for per- i
sonal property, where that personal property was
rightfully destroyed by a foreign enemy, in accord-
ance with the usages of civilized warfare, in con-
sequmce of its user by the officers or Army of the
United States. The committee who reported the
bill, us they state in the report, have been unable
to comprehend a difference between an obligation
to pay for a house which is destroyed, because that
house is occupied by the Army of the United
States, under the authority of the Government,
and the obligation to pay for the personal property
of an American citizen which is destroyed with
the house.
Now, if the committee are right, I would ask
my honorable friend (between now and the next
day when private biiis shall come up) to considet
whether he can form in his own mind a distinction
between the obligation to pay for p&sonal prop-
erty which happens to be in a house occupied
by the American forces and destroyed in conse-
quence of such occupancy, and the obligation to
pay for the house itself.
Again, sir, I desire to throw out another view
of this question for my honorable friend from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] that he may consider it.
The tobacco claimed by one of the parties to be
paid fur was taken awav by the British after their
reheat from the city of Washington. The other i
was destroyed. My honorable "friend from Dela- 1
ware voted the day before yesterday, and always
has advocated, the payment of the claims for!
French spoliations. I see that he smiles with in- •
credulity at the idea that there is any analogy !
between the two cases; but I desire him to con-
sider this view.
Under the treaty of Ghent, Great Britain obliged
herself to pay for the property of citizens of the
United States taken away by the British army.
The two Governments were unable to agree in
reference to that subject, and the whole question
was referred to the Emperor of Russia. That
potentate decided, that under the first article of the
treaty ofGhent,Great Britain had obligated herself
to pay for all the property of citizens of this coun-
try which was taken away by her forces at the
end of the war, or during the war of 1812-1814.
After this decision of the Emperoi of Russia,
a convention was held between the two Govern-
ments of the United States and Great Britain, by
which the stipulations of the treaty of Ghent, as
decided upon by the tmperor of Russia, were
altered to'this ex'tent: Great Britain agreed with
the United States, m lieu of this general obliga-
tion, to pay for all property taken away, to pay
the gross sum of about £1,400,000 to the United
States, and the United States, in consideration of
the receipt of that amount of money, agreed to
pay its citizens for all property which had been
taken away; which, under the first article of the
treaty of Ghent and the decision of the Emperor
of Rueeia, the Government of Great Britam^vas
bound to p^y for. The article of the treaty is in
these words:
Art 1. TIw Majp^tv, the Kins; of the United Kiturdnm
of Gresn Bntam and Ireland, adieus to pay, and the Tinted
Stales of America agree to receive, for the use of the pei-
sons entitled to indemnification and compensation, hy virtue
of the said decision and convention, the sum of twelve hun-
dred and four thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars, cur-
rent money of the United States, in lieu, ot, and in full and
complete satisfaction for, all sums claimed or claimable from
Great Britain, by any person or persons whatever, under
the said decision and convention."
Now, sir, the money which was thus received
by the United States from Great Britain, was ap-
plied exclusively in the payment for slaves taken,
I believe, from Maryland and Virginia alone, du-
ring the war of 1812. The article of the treaty of
Ghent, and the decision of the Emperor of Russia,
applied as well to all other property as to slaves.
The decision of the Emperor of Russia was:
"That the United States of America are entitled to a
just indemnification from Gieat Britain, for all priyate prop-
erty carried away by the British loices, and as the question
regards slaves more especially, for all such slaves as were
carried away by the British forces, from the places and ter-
ritories of which the lestitution was stipulated by the treaty,
in quitting the said places and teiriiories."
Here, then, was the consequent obligation on
the part of the British Government to pay, not
merely for slaves, but for all property taken away
by the British during the period of that war;
and when the United States received $1,204,960,
and obliged themselves to settle with the Ameri-
can citizens for all the property which was taken,
they placed themselves, in reference to the claims
under the treaty at Ghent, precisely in the posi-
tion which they occupied in reference to the claims I
for spoliations committed by the French prior to '
1800. |
I have made these remarks because I thought it '
was necessaiy to disabuse the mind of my honor- i
able friend from Illinois of the false impression ;
which he has taken in reference to the facts of this j
case. My recollection is, that after the discussion '
of last year, my honorable friend went with me i
in voting for this bill. I know that my friend ,
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who expressed, m !
his seat, his concurrence with the views of the ;
Senator from Illinois, did vote for it. The prin- j
cipie in the bill is simply that personal property j
should be paid for as well as real property, when '
destroyed under the same circumstances. If this \
were real property, the Government, under the ;
law of 1816, would be obliged to pay for it. If '
my friend can draw a distinction between the ob- I
ligation to pay for property destroyed in a house, i
and the obligation to pay for the home itself, it is a I
distinction which I cannot draw or understand. j
Mr. SHIELDS. I will examine the facts in I
this case between now and next Friday, and it is j
very likely I may change my view of the subject, j
If 1 find that the bill comes within the principle !
which 1 have laid down as the correct principle, I
shall vote for it; but it struck me, on hearing the \
reading of the report, that it did not come within i
that principle. The true principle I take to be |
this: A Government pays for property which ,
itself destroys, or which it is the cause of being
destroyed.
Mr. PRATT. That is it.
Mr. SHIELDS. But it does not pay for all
property destroyed by the enemy. If the bill
comes within this principle I shall vote for it.
Mr. BAYARD. Though the case is to go
over until next week, I cannot allow the remarks
of the Senator from Maryland to go without some
additional ones from me. I think the distinction
very obvious between the principle on which
the claimants for French, spoliations are entitled
to relief from Congress, and the principle upon
which the class of cases now befoie you, under
the treaty of Ghent, rests. It seems to me so;
and 1 think I can show by previous repeated re-
ports of committees—for I do not rely on my own
opinion alone—that the distinction to which the
Senator from Maryland objects has been recog-
nized, and recognized on principles, I may say,
incontrovertible as between real and personal pro-
perty.
I may mention one ground of distinction which
has been taken, and which applies to the whole
class of cases. It is this: The principle on
which you give relief at all in such cases is, that
where the enemy destroys property according to
the usages of civilized warfare, you should com-
pensate your citizen who suffers by that destruc-
tion, if the destruction has been m consequence of
your having imparted to that property such a
character as justifies it. I hold that, that cannot
take place as to personal property at all. It may
as to realty. You may convert houses into bar-
racks; you may make them places of military de-
posit, and you may justify their destruction by
the enemy under these circumstances; and then
you are bound to compensate your own citizen
who suffers.
But if you take possession of property for bar-
rack purposes, or for purposes of military deposit,
the possession of the Government must be exclu-
sive in its character, and the individual has no
right to permit his personal property to remain
there; and you impress upon it no character which
justifies the enemy in its destruction, according to
the usages of civilized warfare.
This is a principle which I wish to discuss when
we come to the discussion of this claim. For the
present, I adhere to my motion to postpone.
Mr. PRATT, There is one point which I wish
my friend from Delaware to bear in mind, and it is
that this tobacco was taken possession of by our
army, and with it a breastwork was formed, from
which the battle was fought. I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays, and submit to the manifest
desire of theSenatorto postpone the consideration
of this bill.
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent.
There being no objection, the question was not
taken by yeas and nays.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JOSEPH CAMPAU.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the bill for the
relief of Joseph Campau was read a second time,
and considered in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to confirm his claim to the tract of land
occupied by him, lying in township six north, of
range seventeen east, in the State of Michigan.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
CONTRACTS ON THE CAPITOL.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, authorizing a supplemental contract for
certain marble for the Capitol extension, was read
a first and second time by its title; and, on motion
by Mr. Bayard, referred to the Committee on
Printing.
JOHN DEVLIN. "
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the bill for the
relief of John Devlm was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause the claim of John Devlin, for ser-
vices as temporary clerk in the Fifth Auditor's
Office, m 1837 and 1838, to be settled, and to pay
him such sum as may be found due, not exceed-
ing $1,366.
It appears that John Devlin was employed to
discharge the duties of two regular clerks in the
Fifth Auditor's Office who were absent, and
whose business could not be postponed, and was
subsequently retained in the office, and usefully
occupied in the service of the Government for
thirteen months. The reason why he was not
( paid was, that there was no fund provided for his
■ compensation.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
| reading, was read a th«rd time, and passed.
I JOHN P. M'ELDERRY.
; On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the bill for
i the relief of John P. McElderry was read a second
J time, and considered as in Committee of the
j Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Navy to cause to be paid to Mr. McElderry
$133 33, in full for his services as a clerk m the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, in the months of
May and June, 1851.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
IRA DAY.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of the bill for the teliefof Ira
Day, of Vermont. It passed the Senate, it will
be recollected, during the tast Congress, and then
a very full and elaborate discussion was had upon
it, in regard to the question of the payment of in-
terest upon the claim, which was then reported by
the committee, it passed the Senate then with
the allowance of interest; but the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads have now reported
the hill for the paymentof ihe principal sum only,
without interest.
