1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
your mails, as you advertise all other contracts.
Let the mails be carried upon the ocean upon the
same principle that they are carried on land, and
give the contract to the lowest responsible bidder,
and in so doing Congress wiil discharge its duty
to the country.
Mr. DISNEY. When I voted to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon this bill this morning, i did it with the expect-
ation that the debate or discussion would occupy
but a very short time. Sir, there is not an old
member upon this floor who has not heard this
question of carrying the mail by ocean steamers
discussed over and over again. There has not
been an idea advanced upon this subject to-day
that has not been reiterated—I was going to say a
thousand times; but it has been said over and over
again, and no new lightcan possibly be shed upon
the subject. I have no doubt that the members
upon this floor have generally, if not universally,
made up their minds upon the questions before
the committee, and I appeal to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to stop this de-
bate, and bring the House to a vote upon this bill.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
* The question was then taken upon Mr. Cling-
man's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the original
amendment, offered by Mr. Olds.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers upon
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker and
Riddle were appointed.
The. question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 72.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to amend by striking
out the word "forthwith," and inserting in lieu
of it the words ,c immediately after the 31st day
of December, 1854;" so that notice, instead of
being given forthwith, should not be given until
after the above mentionedtime. I shall notargue
the amendment.
Mr. GOODE. I rise to a question of order.
That question has been expressly decided by the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the proposition of the gentleman from New
York is to strike out the word " forthwith," and
it is, therefore, a different question from the one
just disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
The committee having refused to strike out these
lines, it is not in order now to move to strike them
out and insert anything else, or to strike out any
portion of them. The matter which the commit-
tee has refused to strike out is not now amend-
able.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that a
proposition to strike out does not preclude a
proposition to strike out and substitute something
else.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to make this remark.
I listened, to the remaiks of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Goode,] and I doubt not that he
honestly entertains the opinions he put forth; but,
in my judgment, strictly, technically, accurately,
and legally speaking, as a question of law, this
notice cannot be properly given until the 31st day
of December has expired. The language of the
proviso is—
(i That it shall be in the power of Congress at any time
after the 3lst day of December, 1854, to terminate the ar-
ragememfor the additional allowance herein provided for
on giving bix months' notice."
Suppose you transpose it, and say that upon
giving six months after the 31st of December, 1854,
you may terminate the agreement. The notice
must be given, and must commence at that time,
for the purpose of terminating it. I do not desire
to argue the point, but I desire to submit it to the
committee, as my opinion, that you might as well
give notice in reference to any other transaction,
and by that means hasten the performance of an
agreement which is provided for at a different time,
and under different ciicurastances.
Mr. HOUSTON. I differ with the gentleman
from New York as to the effect of that proviso in
the law of 1852. The time mentioned is for the
termination of this extra allowance. There is
nothing in the law that says we shad postpone the
time of giving notice. Vv7 e may give notice when-
ever we see fit to do so. We might have given
notice the very day after this bill was signed, that
we would terminate this contract at the expira-
tion of six months after the 31st of December,
1854. The time mentioned in the law has refer-
ence directly to the time the contract expires? If,
however, the Executive Department of the Gov-
ernment should construe the law as the gentleman
from New York does, there would then be no
harm done, for they would give the notice for the
31st of December.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers upon
Mr. Hayen's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and McMullin were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 61.
So Mr. Haven's amendment was adopted.
[The committee here informally rose, and the
House received a message from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
signed sundry bills of the House.]
The committee th^n resumed its session.
Mr HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the twenty-fourth line.
It is to carry out existing contracts:
Foi uanyingout the contract entered into by the Post
Office Department und^r mi "Act to provide for a tri-
monthly mail from New Orleans to Vera Ciuz, by way of
Tampico and back by steam vessels," appioved August 30,
lfeo 1, 1,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I offer an amendment, to come in
immediately after the amendment, just adopted.
The Clerk commenced to read the amendment;
but was interrupted by
Mr. HOUSTON, who said: That is a proposi-
tion to enter into a new contract. It proposes an
appropriation for an object not authorized by
law.
Mr. OLDS. It does not make any appropria-
tion at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. Whether it does or not, it
proposes to authorize the Department to enter into
a new contract, and such an amendment is not in
order upon this bill.
Mr. ORR. If it does not make an appropria-
tion, it certainly ought aot to be in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER, it the Chair decides the
amendment in order, I take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan will first hear
the entire amendment read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Provided, That the Postmaster Genera) be. and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to contract with the Te-
huantepec company tor the ti.importation ot the United
Stare-* mails, m weekly trip* fiom Mobile or New Orleans
to San Francisco,\i<i Tehuantepec, for the term of four
yearn, at a compensation ot $750,000 per'annum, the ser-
vice to commence upon the completion of the plank road
now being constructed across the isthmus of Tehuante-
pce, said service to be performed within fouiteen days
each way.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nov/, sir, my point of order,
in the first place, is, that there is no law author-
izing the appropriation, it the amendment makes
an appropriation; and whether it does or not, it
certainly proposes legislation which cannot legit-
imately be made m an appropriation bill. I think
the amendment is clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio whether the amendment
is in pursuance of existing law ?
Mr. OLDS. My opposition to the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Alabama is,
that the amendment makes no appropriation, and
contains no provision except one which may legit-
imately come into an appropriation bill. The bill
contains the annual appropriation for a semi-
monthly moil between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts. My amendment proposes to dircct the
Postmaster General to contract for a weekly mail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order, unless in pursuance
of preexisting law. The Chair decides it to be
out of order. .
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have an
amendment to offer, which I think will be in order.
I move the following proviso:
Provided. That the Postmaster General be, and he is
hetoby, authorized and directed to contract with the lowest
re^pon'ihlc- btddei, for a weekly tranrportatton >>t' the Cal-
ifornia m<nK by Mich route as in hi* judgment ^ball best
combine the advantages of celerity, certainty, and econo-
my—the compensation for such service in no event to ex-
ceed that now paid for the transportation of a semi-month-
ly mail.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise the same point of
order with reference to this amendment as to that
just offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr, STANTON. I simply desire to say, that
this bill provides for the transportation of a semi-
monthly mail between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts, for which it makes an appropriation of
over seven hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
Now, my amendment proposes that the Post-
master General shall contract with the lowest
bidder for a semi-weekly service, by which we
shall get a weekly instead of a semi-monthly ser-
vice for the same amount.
Mr. PECKHAM. It is not the same service.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill is confined strictly
in its provisions to existing contracts made in pur-
suance of law. There is no appropriation made
in the bill that is not to carry out such contracts.
The gentleman's amendment stands on an entirely
different footing. There is no law authorizing
the provisions of the gentleman's amendment, but
it proposes to enact a new one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the gentleman's amendment is based upon an
existing law, but that it proposes to change ex-
isting laws. He therefore rules it to be out of
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to strike
out 41 $85,314," and in lieu thereof to insert
" $120,000," so that the paragraph will read:
For the transportation of the mails across the Isthmus
of Panama, $120,000.
The amendment is necessary, because on that
route the transportation of mail matter is paid for
by the pound, and the increasing size of the mail
requires this increase of appropriation.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to add, as an
additional section, the following:
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That the arrange-
ments now subsisting for the transportation of the mails
from New York to New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah,
Havana, and Ohagres, and back; and from Panama to
California and Oregon, and back; and trom Charleston
and Havana, and back; be terminated as soon as, in the
opinion of the Postmaster General, it may be done consist-
ently with the public interest; and that the Postmaster
General shall give notice of such termination accordingly:
Provided, That, in the opinion of the Postmaster General,
with the concurrence ot the Secretary of the Navy and the
Attorney General of the United States, the same may be
done without violation ot any contract now lawfully bind-
ing on the United States.
Mr.Chairman, I do not intend to debate the
amendment at much length. The committee are
impatient to dispose of the bill, and I shall content
myself with a statement of a few facts bearing upon
the questions involved in the proposition which I
submit.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not perfectly hear the
reading of the amendment, but I do notthmk that
it is in order. I think that it is a change of existing
law in reference to those lines. The bill proposes
to effectuate the contracts, to carry them out, and
thus proposing to terminate these contracts, and
being a change of the law, is therefoie out of order.
Mr. ORR. In reply to the gentleman fiom
Alabama, I would suggest that the existing law in
reference to some of these lines provides for this
very notice being given.
Mr. HOUSTON. The existing law in relation
to the Collins line provides for notice being given;
but I believe that is the only case.
Mr. ORR. But the law allows the Govern-
ment to take the vessels of the other lines, when-
ever it sees fit, and before the termination of the
contract.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Government has aright
to do that without any legislation. The amend-
ment proposes to rescind contracts.
Mr WALSH. Is the question debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN". It is not.
Mr. WALSHl. Then I ask the Chair to enforce
the rules equally on all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairdoubts whether
the amendment is in order; but, uuder the circum-
stances, he entertains, it.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Mr. Chairman, it will
be seen by the committee that the amendment con-
templates the possibility of terminating the ar-
rangements now subsisting for the transportation
of the mails on the connecting lines between the
