1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
conclusions, I must, at last, regulate myself by
the deductions of my own judgment. If the Sen-
ator means to intimate that I vote for claims be-
cause they are claims, and am careless and indif-
ferent whether they are well or ill founded, I have
only to say to the honorable Senator, that such a
charge as that, come from what quarter it may, i
do notthink it necessary to remark upon. I should
be very sorry if I had not character enough to
stand under such an insinuation coming from any
quarter. But this I will say for myself, that I uni-
formly vote for every claim upon this Government
which I think has a foundation either in legal jus-
tice or natural equity. I adopt precisely the same
rules in paying claims upon this Government that
I feel myself bound to adopt, as a man, in paying
claims upon myself. And as I never stop to in-
quire, when a sum of money isjustly due from me,
whether the payment of it can be enforced by law;
neither, when I am satisfied that in equity a claim
has a foundation against this Government, do I
stop to inquire whether itisaclaim founded upon
what is called strict law.
Sir, I have announced repeatedly a general rule
of mine upon this subject, which does not meet
the approbation of the Senator from Delaware,
which he has stated, on several occasions, did not
meet his approbation, and which he thinks is
wrong, and the consequences of which he thinks
would be ruinous. It is, that wheie a private
claim has been examined by a committee of this
body, and the facts of that case are reported to
this body with a bill for relief, I will submit my
judgment to the decision of that committee, if they
are unanimous. I repeat now, that it must be a
very extraordinary case where I will undertake,
upon an investigation of the facts, to overturn the
deductions made unanimously by a committee of
this body.
Now, Mr. President, with regard to the remark
which I made, and which h*s been commented on
by the Senator from Delaware, let me say that I
intended nothing, and everybody understood that
I did not, by the observation which I made, ex-
cept this: I had no reference to the Senator from
Delaware; but more than one gentleman—the Sen-
ator from Missouri, among others—said this was
a bad chum, and could be shown to be so, though
he did not know that I should undertake it. I
then said, and I repeat, besides other reasons for
voting for this motion, I do not choose; 1 do not
think it would be right; it would be unjust to our-
selves, to have it srpposed that we voted for a
chum which we did not believe was correct, or
which we feared would not stand the test of inves-
tigation; and that such an impression would be
far more injurious to thin claim in the other House
than anything which can be offered against it upon
ita merits here. I meant to assign that as my
reason, ft was because I have had some famil-
iarity with this claim; I have examined it; I have
discussed it; and every renewed examination has
strengthened my conviction of the equity of this
demand. It is on that ground that I have uni-
formly voted for it; and, unless I be satisfied to
the contrary, I shall certainly vote for it again;
and, although I do not think it likely that the
Senator from Delaware will convince me, yet 1
will pay, clearly and undoubtedly, that if he does
convince me that this claim is unfounded and
unjust, I will join him in voting against it.
Mr.PEARCE. I am very reluctant to say
another word on this point, and I should not do
so hut that I think it necessary. I believe I was
the first who suggested that it was not woith
while to send a request to the House of Represent-
atives, asking for the return of ibis hill; hut I
belie\ e the objection [then made to it has been
considered by some Senators—my colleague, I
think, among others—as denying to a member
the right, which he has under the rules of the Sen-
ate, to move a reconsideration within three days
.Now I desire to say that i have looked at the rule
in question, and 1 find there are two qualifications
to the right to move a reconsideration. The first
iff, that the bill shall still be in the possession of the
Senate; and the second is, that the motion shall be
made on the same day that the bill is disposed of,
or within two days thereafter. It is manifest that
this right is qualified as well by the first clause of
the rule, as by the second. It may be very well
to modify your rules so as to require a bill to be
retained until the expiration of the period within
which a reconsideration is allowed tp be moved;
but as the rule stands at present, it does not seem
to me that this is a matter of right, but it is a
matter of favor. In practice, when a bill is
passed, it is always indorsed with an order that
the Secretary shall take it to the House. There
is no limitation of time within which that shall
be done. But, sir, as there has been very much
earnestness manifested about this matter, I do not
think it proper to continue any opposition to the
motion of the Senator from Indiana, and 1 shall
vote with the rest of the Senate, m favor of it.
Mr. PET TIT. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the motion made by my colleague for recalling this
bill, briefly for the following reasons: Being sin-
cerely a friend of the bill, not only from one but from
repeated and thorough investigations of its merits,
and being desirous that the claim shall pass, I be-
lieve, with the Senator from North Carolina, that
the discussion we have had heie to-day will tend
more to i etard it or defeat it in the House than the
reconsideration of it will here. And for the ex-
press purpose that we may remove the impression
that the discussion here this morning will be
likely to have on the members of the House to
defeat the bill there, I shall vote to recall it here,
and put it again on its passage. I do not appre-
hend that anything is to be feared by the friends
of this bill from a more thorough and wider ex-
amination. 1 believe it is due to the Senate that
it should be recalled under the circumstances.
When any Senator says he has been mistaken in
whole or in part in regard to a bill, and w satisfied
that he should not have voted as he did, within
the time limited by the rule, I think it is fair and
propei that the bill should be recalled. I think it
is right to do it in this case; and in order to avoid
the injury which the debate of this morning must
necessarily have upon this measure, I shall vote
to recall the bill
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I certainly did
not intend, m any lemark of mine, to make an
insinuation as regards the honorable Senator from
North Carolina. I meant., however, to express
the opinion which I entertain, that the action of
his intellect in reference to this class of claims,
that his course of ac'ion in reference to them in
the Senate, was such that 1 should consider it
hopeless in any case for me to endeavor to con-
vince him that a claim m favor of a private in-
dividual, (reported, of couise, by a committee to
the Senate,) was one which ought not to be passed.
I drew that conclusion from my observation of
his anterior course iri the Senate. I have heard
that honorable Senator frequently avow the opin-
ion that the report of a committee in favor of a
claim should be conclusive, and 1 think on former
occasions he did not even make the qualification
he now makes, that the report should be unani-
mous; but if there was a leport, he should consider
himself bound by the report, and should vote for
it without investigation. Sir, the experience which
I havehad, (either on committees as to then modes
of investigation, or from reading their reports as to
the results at which they havearnved) will not jus-
tify me in accoidmg with his views, and attaching
to these reports the weight which he gives to them.
1 consider that basis of action as one which leads
to great injury arid great injustice to the public.
The whole mode of the examination of private
ciaims is on testimony which is produced by the
claimant at his own suggestion and on his own
papers alone, ex parte throughout. Those papers
are referred to a committee; and the practice has
become such now, that constantly the claim of the
claimant is referred to the Repiesentative from
his own State, and that claim is investigated under
the bias, natural to a representative in favor of a
private claim preferred by his constituent in which
there are private interests on the one side and the
unprotected public on the other. Yet 1 am asked
to take reports so made, when I have examined
report upon report and found when I came to ex-
amine the testimony that in nine cases out of ten,
before any decent, respectable jury in this coun-
try, the veidict, on the plaintiff's own evidence,
would be unquestionably against him ! The Gov-
ernment is entirely unrepresented; the claimant's
evidence is altogether ex parte, and from such evi-
dence the report is made up. It may suit the pe-
culiar stiuciure of some mmdsto take these things
for granted; but certainly I ditier entirely from
the Senator from jNoth Carolna on that point.
Therein I may be wrong, but I think not.
I know that it is a very agreeable tiling to vote
in favor of private claims. I dare say it makes
individual friends. I dare say it gets'mdividual
popularity. I know very weifrit is a thankless
duty to oppose private claims against the public,
because the public care nothing about it, and
know nothing about it. I did not come here for
any such purpose. But for myself, whenever I
have anything to act upon, I mean to endeavor to
do it according to my convictions of duty. Sit-
ting here in the light m which I suppose I sit as a
Senator on a private claim, to pass my individual
judgment upon the propriety of making the United
States pay a certain sum of money to the party,
I cannot reconcile it to my sense of duty to pass
it, without endeavoring to get at the facts of the
case and the principle upon which the allowance
is to be made. I endeavor to do that in every
case where it is possible; and where it is not pos-
sible for me to look into it, I inquire for a state-
ment of the facts from some Senator who has
taken the trouble to examine them. Usually, I
take the trouble to read the report itself. If any
thing in the terms or principle of that report at-
tracts my attention, as requiring further investiga-
tion, I turn to the evidence of the case in order to
see if it sustains the principle upon which the re-
port professes to be based.
Sir, I am so entirely satisfied, in my own mind,
of the total incompetency of this body for the de-
cision of these matters; I am so entirely satisfied,
in my own mind, that a system of looseness and
carelessness has sprung up here in reference to the
passage of claims of individuals against the public,
that 1 think I should be safe in the performance
of duty if I were to assume that I would vote for
no private claim broughtbefore the body. Why,
sir, it is a notorious fact—as 1 am assured by
gentlemen of the other branch of the National
Legislature, of which body I have never been a
member, and of course I do not therefore know
the fact personally—that this body, as a body, is
so sunk in its character,from the looseness of the
mode in which it passes private claims, that, in
the estimation of the coordinate branch of the Le-
gislature, the reports of its committees upon such
claims are treated almost with contempt, and are
considered as entitled to no weight at ail. If that
be so, is it not right that we should pause m this
matter ?
Have I not the right to say, when reports of
this kind are made the ground for the specific
action of Senators, that I cannot hope to convince
a Senator when he pins his faith on papers or doc-
uments like these ? Sir, I shall never make against
the honorable Senator from North Carolina, or
any other man, any insinuation, either here or
outside of this Hall, which I am not willing to
make in its broadest and most distinct terms. I
used the expression that I never hoped to convince
him—in order to express in the strongest language
in which 1 could express the fact, that, owing to
the difference in the structure of our minds, he
was willing to take upon faith these reports of
committees, whereas my convictions, from inves-
tigation,had been, that most of the claims you pass
here are either utterly baseless, or so grossly ex-
aggerated in amount, that, as between individuals,
they would be pronounced extortion.
Mr, DIXON. I voted for this bill, and I cer-
tainly did it under the impression that it was
founded upon principles that were just in them-
selves, and such as appealed stiongly to the good
sense and to the propriety of the Senate. 1 am
still of that opinion. I do not agree with the Sen-
ator from Delaware, that the report of a com-
mittee is entitled to so little respect as he seems to
think it is. Why, sir, for what do you constitute
your committees? You constitute them with a
view to investigate all the facts on which their
report is predicated. Their report is made to the
Senate, embodying the facts on which the Senate
is to act. It is not supposed that every member
of the Senate can go into the committee room and
investigate all the testimony which is brought
before that committee. The committee is consti-
tuted with the view and for the purpose of investi-
gating the testimony and reporting the facts to the
Senate. Then, sir, it is respectful to a committee,
when they make a report to the Senate, embody-
ing the facts, at least to consider that they have
acted upon fair, correct, and honorable princi-
ples, without even casting a suspicion upon the
motives by which they may or may nothave been
influenced.
