1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
previous question was sustained, and the main
question ordered to be put, and we then resorted
to two motions. It was decided by the Speaker,
Mr. Cobb, that we could not have a call of the
House, owing to the fact that the previous ques-
tion was seconded. Motions were made to go into
the Committee of the Whole, and to adjourn, and
alternated, and we were kept here until midnight.
I have no doubt the Chair will recollect that sudi
was the condition of things. It has been clearly-
decided since that time, that a motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or a motion to adjourn, was in order at
any time.
The SPEAKER, The Chair thinks that a de-
mand for a call of the House, for instance, is a cali
of the same dignity as a motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The recollection of the Chair is, that it has been
the practice of my predecessors, when the demand
for the previous question had been seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put, that it cuts
off either one of these motions.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. The Chair can refer to
these precedents. The only one I recollect is the
Doty resolution, in the session of 1850, where
we sat up until midnight, and it was decided that
it went over 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the main ques-
tion been ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
seconded, and the mam question ordered, but a
motion is now pending to lay the bill on the table.
The consideration of the subject was postponed,
by unanimous consent, until this morning. That
is the condition of the question. The Chair is not
disposed to change the practice either way upon
this subject, and hag not time now to look up the
precedents.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. The Chair will find, I
think, that I am not mistaken as to the practice.
A Member. Read the rule.
The SPEAKER. The following is the only
rule which is applicable to the subject:
c'50. The previous question >hall be in this form : < Shall
the main question he now put?' It shall euly be admitted
when dum.mded i y a majority of the members present, and
i\> elfectssh.ili be to put an end to all debate, and bring the
House to a dircot vote upon a motion to commit, if «uch
motion shall have been made ; and if this motion does not
prevail, then upon amendments iepoited by a committee,
if any, then upon pending amendments, and then upon the
mam quotum On a motion lor the previous question. and
prior to the seconding of the same, a call of the House fhall
be m order ; but alter a majority fhail have seconded Mich
motion, no call shall be m order prior to a decision of the
main question.1'
The Chair thinks that a motion for a call of the
House is, at least, of equal dignity and equal priv-
ilege with that to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and that it can-
not, therefore, be entertained after the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Chair may be cor-
rect in what he states as to the comparative dig-
nity of the two motions, but if he will turn to the
case to which I have referred, he will find that the
decision of the Speaker was then the other way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect what the practice was in the case to which
the gentleman alludes.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. If the Chair will turn to
it, he will find that the decision was as I have
stated- 
Mr. HILLYER, (interrupting.) I call the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to order. This ques-
tion is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated his
decision. Does the gentleman from North Caro-
lina appeal ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir; I will not appeal,
but I protest aenmst the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If, upon reference, the Chair
finds the practice of the House has been as the
gentleman from North Carolina states, he will not
be disposed to change the piactice of the House.
The question now being upon the motion to lay
the bill upon the table, it was taken, and decided
in the negative.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the following amendment:
Add the following at the end of the bill:
Provided nevertheless, That this act shall not take effect
until the suit now pending in the supreme couu of Indiana,
by the trustees tor the Vincennes University us. the State of
Indiana, be finally settled; and unless the decision of snid
suit be in favor of the plaintiff, and shall deprive the said
State, or those claiming under her, of the township of land,
or the proceeds of sale thereof, which are the subject of said
suit: Provided further, That the State of Indiana may
cause the lands to be selected at once, and that the Secre-
tary of the Interior on being notified by the Governor of
Indiana, at any tune, that a selection o{ the lands herein
provided to be donated has been made by the proper author-
ities of that State, shall therefore withdraw and reserve
such lands from sale till the termination of said suit.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Upon the adoption
of that amendment f demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Telleis were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Phillips were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes npt counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and being engrossed, was subse-
quently read the third time.
The question now being, "Shall the bill pass
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Belcher, Bissell,
Bliss, Jjoyce, Breckinridge, Campbell, Caruiheis, Chum-
bcrlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Corwm, Cox,
Ciocker, Curtis, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Drum, Dunbai, Dunham,
Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, iOdmundson, LUhson, Eng-
lish, Farley, Pcnton, Flagler, Florence, Gidduigs, Good-
lich, Green, Greenwood, Aaton Ilarian, Andiew J. Har-
lan, Harrison, Hastings, llundiicks, Heim, Iliester, Howe,
Huuhef, Ingeieoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones. J. Glancy
Jone?.,Roland Jones, Kittredge, Knox, Kuriz, Lane, Mac-
donald, MeDongall, McNan, Mace, Macy, Matteson, May-
all, Middlesvv.nih,Muriay, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andiew
Oliver, Packer, Pennington, Phelps, Richasd>on, Kiddle,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Robhnis, Russell, Sapp,
Seymour, Simmons, Genu smith, William R. Smith,
Frederick P. ritaiiton, Alexander II Stephens, Hestor L.
Steven*, Stratum, Straub, Andrew Stuail, David Stnait,
John L. Taj lor, Thim-ton, Trout, Tweed, TJpham, Vail,
Vansant, Wade, Wancn, Eihhu B. VVashbume, Israel
Washburn, Wells,Tappan Wentworlh, Weslbrook, Whee-
ler, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wnght, and Yates—
114.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ball, Bennetr, Bocook, Bugsr, Caskie,
Clm-man, Clubman, Colquitt, Ci.nge, Dent, Dowdell, El-
liott, Etheridge, Gamble, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Wiiey J*.
Hairis, Hill, HiHyei, Geor e. VV. Jones, Kerr, Lamb,
Letcher, McCulloch, McMulhn, Maurice, Mill son, Morgan,
Morn son, Orr, i>eckh<ifn, J'uryear, Keadj', Reese, Rutfm,
Sabni, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, rinod-
gras«s, Tracy, Walsh, Witte, and Zolliculfei—47.
So the bill passed.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed Xo.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the title of
the bill been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. I wish to make the title state what
the act is—that it grants an additional township to
the State of Indiana for educational purposes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced, in the
usual form, that if there was no objection the title
would stand as it was, and no objection was
made. The Chair thinks that u is too late to
amend the title now.
CORRECTION OF THE OFFICIAL REPORTS.
Mr. MATTESON. I rise to a question of or-
der, or rather to a privileged question, and a ques-
tion of privilege, both, I rise to have the Journal
corrected—the reports of our proceedings m the
Globe 
The SPEAKER. The Globe is not the Journal
at all.
Mr. MATTESON. I speak of the proceedings
in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is not the Jour-
nal. It is no privileged question.
Mr. MATTESON. The proceedings in the
Globe are published by the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. It will be in oider for the
gentleman to move to correct the Journal which
was read tins morning; but the Globe is not the
Journal at ail, and no privileged question can arise
out of what the Globe reports—none whateyer.
Mr. MATTESON. It is a personal matter.
The SPEAKER. Then it will be for the House-
to determine whether the gentleman shall be al-
lowed to make a personal statement.
Mr. MATTESON. It is a personal matter, and
a question of privilege, both.
The SPEAKER. It will be for the House to*
determine whether the gentleman shall be heard.
Mr. MATTESON. Is it possible that when-
the official reporters of this House omit a part ofT
what occurs here, it cannot be corrected?
Mr. McMULLIN. You can make the correc-
tion by a note to the editor of the Globe.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The House has nothing
to do with it at all.
Mr. MATTESON. I wish to state my point,
and my question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question of privilege.
Mr. MATTESON. On Wednesday last, when-
on^of iyiy colleagues was speaking on the other
side of this House, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories interrupted him, and suggested
that the objection he was making to the bill would
be obviated by way of an amendment when the
discussion might come up. Hearing that, I made
a suggestion to the chairman of that committee,
with the permission of the gentleman who was
then speaking on the subject of the Nebraska bill,
f asked the chairman [Mr. Richardson] if that
bill would be open to amendment. He at first
answered me—and so far 1 speak from recollec-
tion—-that, so far as he knew, it would. I put the
question to him again, and he answered that it
positively would. Now, sir, every word of that
is omitted in the report of our proceedings of that
day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must announce
to the gentleman from New York, that there is
nothing of a privileged character in what the gen-
tleman has brought forward.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a personal expla-
nation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Matteson,] as the Chair understands
him, has not asked the unanimous consent of the
House to make a personal explanation.
Mr. MATTESON. In what I have said I in-
tended no imputation whatever on the gentleman
from Illinois. I have said nothing which could be
so construed. I have only said that whatoccurred
then in this House did not appear in the report of
the official proceedings.
j Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, am I en-
i titled to the floor ?
1 Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Speaker, I desire 
! The SPEAKER, The Chair must say to the
j gentleman from New York, that there was nothing
; whatever of a privileged character in the matter
I which he has introduced to this body. Nothing.
; The Chair again states that the Congressional
! Globe is not the Journal of this body; and it is not
j competent, as a question of right, under the rules
' of this House, for the gentleman to undertake to
' correct the report of the speeches made upon this
!; floor. There is nothing of privilege in it.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
asks the unanimous consent of the House to allow
him to make a personal explanation. Is that con-
sent given ?
Several Members. Yes, yes.
Mr. MATTESON. I wish to say again that
I cast no imputation on the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has once or twice
1 suggested to the gentleman from New York that
! he can only arrive at the object which he has in
view by asking the unanimous consent of the
, House to make a personal explanation. He has
| not availed himself of it; and the gentleman from
I Illinois has asked and obtained the unanimous
: consent of the House to make a personal explana-
, tion. The gentleman from Illinois, therefore, has
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will allow the gentle-
man from New York to make any further state-
ment he has to make.
Mr. MATTESON. I repeat, I did not design
anything offensive to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON resumed the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hope the gentleman
from New York will be allowed to make the ex-
planation which he desires.
