1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Ohio be allowed
to proceed ?
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 object.
The question was put on Mr. Richakdson's
motion; and it was agreed to.
- The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the 3tate of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of bill No. 236, being a bill to organize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas.
The CHAIRMAN. V/hen the committee last
rose, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly}
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, said that as an hour
was not sufficiently long in which to express his
views, he should be disposed to generalize them.
The distinct propositions, and the material ones,
which, it struck his mind, are involved in this
discussion, are: First. Are the principles of the
compromise of 1850, in respect to the Territories,
the principles of American liberty, and are they
repugnant to the Missouri compromise? Second.
If so, ought not Congress, with a view of disem-
barrassing the court as to its intention, so to de*
elare? and, Third. Is the principle of non-inter-
vention by Congress embodied by the act of ib50,
violated by the Badger amendment?
To make himself properly undeistood, and to
piesent the subject fairly to the committee, he
reviewed therei'ntions which this Government has
borne to the question of slavei y from the time the
several States first came together; arguing to show
that, at different times, the principle ot non-inter-
vention, or leaving the people to judge for them-
selves, whs distinctly declared. The first occasion
on which the doctrine of non-intervention was
ever departed from was in the celebrated Missouri
controversy, and he defied the historian to show
to the contrary.
He traced the process of the slavery contio-
versy to n later period; and in the course of his
remarks, he took issue with gentlemen who had
maintained that at the time of the passage of the
compromise of 1H50, nobody insisted that it abio-
gated the Missouri compromise. Thus was a
mistake. Over and over again, in presenting this
subject, both here and eUewheie, he had declared
that the South had gained by the abrogation of
.the Missouri compromise a better and a truer
principle.
He related some facts connected with an inter-
view between Mr. Clay and Mr. Ritchie, pending
the controversy in 1850. The former had insisted
on retaining the Mexican law, as applicable to the
territory acquired from Mexico, lie, however,
gave this up, as he (Mr. Bayly) told him it was
indispensable he should, because, if that law was
declined by congressional uuthoiity, it would be
virtually the Wilmot proviso. He knew that Mr,.
Clay gave it up, because it interfered With non-
intervention.
Mr. B. proceeded to reply to his colleague, Mr.
Mu.lsun; but, before lie concluded, the hour to
which he was limited m debate expired.
Mr. GRQW said that the bill under considera-
tion provided for (lie organization of two territo-
rial governments, to be called Nebraska and Kan-
sas, embracing, together, about six hundred and
sixty-five thousand squaie miles, an area twice as
large as the original thirteen Colonies; and ex-
tending from New Mexico to the Biitish posses-
sions, and from the western limits of Minnesota
and the States to the Temtones of Washington
and Oregon, and containing four hundred and
twenty-five millions of sicres of land—more than
a four til of all the public domain now owned by
the Government. The provisions of the bill
were those usually inserted in bills to organize
territorial governments, with the exception of the
fourteenth section, which proposed to repeal so
much of the Missouri compromise as prohibited
slavery in the territory purchased of France lying
north of the line of 3(P 30'.
He then stated his objections to the Clayton
amendment. It having been the policy of the
Government heretofore to permit all persons
residing in a Territory who had declared their
intention to oecome citizens, to participate in the
organization of its government, what reason was
there for their exclusion in the present instance ?
The fact that they were residents of the Territory
was good evidence that they had settled there
with the intention of making it their home; and
the oath in their declaration of intention to be-
come citizens absolved them from allegiance to
foreign Powers, and clothed them with nation-
ality. The Clayton proviso was inconsistent, he
maintained, with the great principle of self-gov-
ernment claimed to be embodied in the bill by its
special advocates.
Having argued that the organization of these
Territories was unnecessary, he replied to the ar-
guments of the unconstitutionality of the Missouri
compromise of 1820. It was not considered un-
constitutional at the time of its adoption by gen-
tlemen from the South; no such objection was
made to it then.
He claimed for it no more binding force, save
the circumstances which surrounded its adoption,
than attached to any other legislative act of Con-
gress, and denied that the North had ever aban-
doned it. He also argued that slavery can only
exist through municipal regulation, and quoted
from decisions of northern as well as southern
courts to sustain this position.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, after a few
preliminary remaiks, asked why there are now
two acts brought m, instead of one, as heretofore,
the object at first being to establish merely the
territorial government ot Nebraska? He believed
that if all the teuitory should be under one gov-
ernment there would be a large poition of the
people from the northern States, who do not sub-
scribe to the doctrine that slavei y is the universal
and common law of the country, and that the col-
ored man, in order to be entitled to freedom, must
show the law.
The intention of these bills was, there should
be sou them judges for the southern Territory, who
will hold and administer the law as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] proclaimed this morn-
ing; and in the other Territory judges who will
declare that fieedom is the law, and slavery the
exception. He detied any man to assign any
rational reason for the organization of two tern-
tonal governments, in other woids, the judges
are to make the laws. This is the principle on
which the measure is founded.
The bill, he contended, does not confer the
principle of self-government on tiie people. There :
is almost every oppression enumerated m the De-
claration of Independence to be exercised in those j
Territoiies—the people are to be taxed, and the ij
Governor is to use his veto. It is the height of !
absurdity to say the people are to rule. It is ''
mere declamation and humbug. ||
He proceeded to speak on the question of sla- |
very, contending the free colored man is, in sub- j
stance, a nuisance in a free State, and the exist- j!
ence of slavery m a State crushes out white people. j|
He wanted tree soil; and therefore opposed the
lepeal of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire only to make a brief
explanation. If my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,)
instead of replying to an argument of his own
creation, had been content to answer that which
I had made, perhaps no reply would have been
necessary from me. 1 wish only to say that,
he did nor, in his remarks this morning, correctly
state my position. I have not said that there
weie laws protecting slavery now existing in
the Territory of Nebraska. What I did say no
gentleman has yet attempted to reply to. All
who have undertaken to notice my argument,
have answered conclusions which they have them-
selves drawn, and arguments of winch they are
themselves entitled to the exclusive credit. This
is what I said: I was replying to the statement of
Mr. Badger, who had declared that no laws had
ever existed m Nebraska but the old French law
and the Missouri compromise. He had said:
"These were the only two laws upon the subject,
the only two laws that had ever been in force.
There was a law authorizing slavery when the
Territory belonged to France. By the act of 1^20
that law was annulled."
I was replying to this statement, and showing
that those were not the only two laws that had
been in force there. I showed that there were
other laws—laws passed by Congress and by the
Territorial Legislature. 1 showed that those laws
have never been repealed, but only their practical
operation confined to particular localities. No
gentleman has yet undertaken to question those
statements, I showed, moreover, that some of
those laws are in force over a portion of the ter-
ritory purchased from Louisiana. No gentleman
has answered that. I say confidently, that no
gentleman has yet undertaken to answer one of
the points that 1 made, and for winch I hold, my-
self responsible.
My colleague says that laws are addressed to
persons and not to places. That is thevery argu-
ment I myself madehere four years ago in refer- .
ance to a position assumed by Mr. Webster. Old
my colleague suppose that [ had forgotten my own
views, or that I had made an argument this session
in the slightest degree conflicting with that! made
four years ago? Sir, laws are made for persons,
not places, as I then attempted to show, but for
persons upon and with reference to places. They
are made for all peisons who now are, or here-
after may be, within particular localities. Wher-
ever the jurisdiction of the law-making power ex-
tends, there the laws apply to all persons who may
be within it. They apply not only to those who
may be there at the time of the passageof the law,
but to those also who may go there afterwaids. By
going into a place which is within the limns of a
particular jurisdiction, they become subject to the
laws intended to govern persons in such places.
This is all 1 deem it necessary to- say in reply to
my colleague.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, incidentally
referred to the present fugitive slave law. He
believed, from the bottom of his heart, that
the Constitution of the United States never con-
ferred upon the General Government the power to
make such a low as the one now in existence for
the recovery of fugitives from labor. He, how-
ever, did not wish to be understood as saying no
law. He stood here as the advocate of the prin-
ciples of freedom against the aggressions of sla-
very.
The bill of the Senate stultified the report, in a
measure. He could only account for this by sup-
posing that the bill was not agreed upon until after
the report was submitted. Accordingto the argu-
ments of the report, the bill should be forthwith
rejected. He then argued at length against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. SEWARD did not believe that the Mis-
souri act, as declared by the hiU,was inconsistent
with the compromise of }850. Each measure
stood on its own independent principle. He was
opposed to the details of the bill, but nevertheless
would vote for it, as the Badger amendment
therein would put the Missouri act out of the way.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Kentacky, argued against
the continuance of the Missouri act of 1820, con-
tending that the North had heretofore refused to
abide by it. in conclusion, he advocated the doc-
trine of non-intervention.
Mr. DOWDELL obtained the floor.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to yield me the floor for the purpose of
making a personal explanation. It will occupy
but a few minutes.
Mr. DOWDELL. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 desire biiefly to make an ex-
planation of the facts concerning the visit of Mr.
Hoar to the State of South Carolma^to which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [IVIr. Eliot] re-
ferred in his speech to day. In 1822, when a
civil indirection was upon the eve of breaking
out in South Carolina, and it was discovered that
free negroes were coming ftom the West India
Islands to head that insurrection, it was found
necessary, for the public safety, to pass an act that
no free negroes should come into that State.
Many years passed along, and the Abolition
excitement came up, and Massachusetts, which, I
am sorry to say, has always been found at the
head of this agitation, sent one of her citizens to
have the constitutionality of this law tested. As
soon as Mr. Hoar arrived in the State, he was
looked upon as a fire-brand, and great public agi-
tation ensued upon his arrival; but there was no
mob violence threatened against him. Some of
the,most respectable citizens of Charleston waited
upon him, and urged upon him the necessity of
leaving the State. The manner in which the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts referred to
this matter would lead one to suppose that some
infuriated mob had forced him to leave the State;
but the facts of the case present the matter in an
entirely diilerent light. He was waited upon by
several respectable gentlemen of the place, and re-
quested to leave the city; and he did so.
