mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
Mr. MACE. I will state to the gentleman from
Georgia 
[Cries of " Order! " " Order ! "]
Tht 011.\ 1 it'VI/ffV. The gentleman from In-
diana must confine his remarks to the amendment
he has offered.
Mr. MACE. I say to the gentleman from
Georgia, and I appeal to every man here who
knows anything about it, whether, in the investi-
gation of this matter, we have not traveled over
the whole ground ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEWARD. I did not mean to impeach
the motives of the gentleman from Indiana. I
merely stated that he had made charges against
this company, and that I had understood from the
report made since he had relieved that company
from the charges he had made against'them.
Mr. HAVEN. I oppose the amendment under
consideration, for the purpose of keeping the floor
for a few moments; but what 1 desire to say is in
reference to the general amendment offered by the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.]
I hardly know, Mr. Chairman, what would be
wise on the part of this committee in reference to
that general amendment now. Here are the va-
rious lines of steamers, named in that amendment,
engaged in the transportation of our mails, under
a kind of system, so to speak, that we have been
maturing, year after year, for half a dozen years
past. Contracts have been awarded to and made
with the lowest bidders; and it seems to be under-
stood by all the gentlemen here they have yet
four, and, in some cases, five years to run.
The question now submitted by this general
amendment is, shall we place these contracts, and
the contractors for these various lines, in the hands
and under the absolute and arbitrary control of
the Postmaster General and the Attorney Gen-
eral? Shall these contractors, who have several
millions of dollars invested in ships and steamers,
on the faith of this Government, and under its
valid and binding contracts, be placed in the ab-
solute power of the officers named in the amend-
ment, without the right of trial by a jury, or by
the courts of the country, and without any right
of appeal whatever ?
As 1 understand the amendment—but I am not
quite sure I heard it aright—we are to place it in
the power of these officers to lay violent, if not
profane hands upon these contracts, and to declare
they shall be ended and broken on our part, right
or wrong, and that we will be no longer bound
by them. Sir, we have the power to do this; we
may make such an enactment that cannot, I sup-
pose, be denied; but can any man justify the ex-
pediency, the propriety, the good faith, or rather
the utter destitution of all faith of such a proceed-
ing on our part, and that, too, in the very face of
the report of the committee, of which my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Mace] was chairman, fully
exculpating these companies, and the men who
compose them, from all wrong, fraud, or violation
of these contracts on their part? Can it be pos-
sible that gentlemen of this committee, who pro-
fess to respect the rights of property, as well as
of the persons of our citizens, can so openly au-
thorize them to be violated, and without giving
the parties m interest the benefit of a trial before
the ordinary tribunals of the country, and with-
out making the least provision for payment of
damages, for our unlawful termination of our sol-
emn contracts and plighted faithr These con-
tracts were made after advertisement, and with the
most advantageous bidder after full competition.
Sir, would it not better comport with the honor,
nay more, with the honesty of this Government,
that it should keep these contracts on its part, and
live up to them so long as they are faithfully ob-
served and kept by the contractors? In my opin-
ion, no Government but a republican one could
long survive such shameless disregard and viola-
tion of plighted faith and private rights. It is
true, the compensation, as things are turning out
in these cases, may be large; the contracts were
made some time ago, and things have changed;
but, nevertheless, they are our engagements, and
we would not let the contractors off with so little
ceremony, if things had turned out differently.
If these contracts are to be violated on our part,
and violently terminated without cause, let us say
so here and now; but if they are only to be
avoided by us on the ground the contractors have
violated them, let us give the contractors the benefit
of a trial before the ordinary legal tribunals of the
country. The Constitution secures the right of
trial by jury in all suits at common law where the
value m controversy shall exceed twenty dollars;
and that would be a prudent and safe guide in
cases like this. How incongruous to intrust this
matter with political executive officers. These,
officers will not thank us, I am sure, forletting all
these contending and immense steam interests
loose upon them at once. I doubt whether they
will regard it as an acceptable service.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that the gentleman is not speaking to the
amendment before the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I did not hear distinctly what
the amendment was.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is that
submitted by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Mace,] which is to prevent the operation of the
section from taking effect till 1856.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well; then I submit that
the remarks I have made apply properly to the
time between this ana 1856, and also to the time
between 1856and the expiration of these contracts,
and that makes them in order, I believe. [Laughter.]
Of course, sir, I would not go on out of order.
It seems to me what I have been saying is perti-
nent to this whole case, in whatever aspect it may
be viewed. I hardly know what I ought to say
more. These gentlemen'—men of great enter-
prise—have millions of money invested in these
operations; and your special committee, armed
with power to send for persons and papers, and
administer oaths, report to us in substance they
can find nothing on which they can put their hand
giving color to any suspicion, neglect, or disregard
of public interest on the part of these contractors.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, m fact, it is my
very decided opinion, that after this kind of legis-
lation, capitalists, business men, will be very cau-
tious how they undertake to deal with a Govern-
ment of so questionable a faith, and that will lay
violent hands in this way on its own solemn
promises.
I do not intend to, and will not urge or solicit
this committee to act in one way or the other. I
only desire that they reflect, before acting finally.
My own judgment tells me that, in good faith and
fair dealing, if we made a bargain in 1848 or 1850,
which was then a good bargain, we had better live
by it as long as the other parties to it keep it hon-
orably. 1 would not enter into these bargains
now, if it were an open question. But they are
bargains binding upon all, except, perhaps, those
who, by their votes here, can exercise a kind of
irresponsible power in the premises.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from New York
permit me to make a remark?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
Mr. ORR. I do not understand the section as
proposing to abrogate this contract, if such abro-
gation would be in violation of existing law. It
proposes to refer the matter for decision to the
Secretary of the Navy, the Attorney General, and
Postmaster General.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from
New York permit me 
Mr. HAVEN. Not now. One at a time. Let
me first answer the suggestion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Ojir.]
If we now propose to abrogate this contract, the
question as to whether or not the contractors have
faithfully kept and performed them, is a question
j of fact for a jury of the country to determine, or
for the adjudication of the courts. It belongs to
them by the Constitution of the country, and it
ought not to be taken from the common tribunals
of the countiy and transferred to those officers
who hold their appointment for other purposes
entirely.
1 will now hear the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Pini.i.ips.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will state this to the gen-
tleman from New York, that this House, by a unan-
imous vote, could not pass a law authorizing the
contract to be violated.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well, sir.
Mr. PHILLIPS. And this provision, which is
inserted here, is toauthorize the officers mentioned
in it—the Attorney General, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Secretary of the Navy—to exercise
the right which has been secured bylaw; which
is, by noiification, to put an end to the contract;
but the period at which that contract is to be ended
is a question of law depending on the terms of the
contract; and the unanimous vote of every mem-
ber of the House could not pass a law authorizing
this contract to be violated.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, my friend from
Alabama [Mr. Phillips] seems to me, to concur
very nearly in my views. True, we cannot right-
fully, lawfully, or in good morals, violate our con-
tracts, and disregard our plighted faith; but sup-
pose wrongfully, and in had morals, we pass a
law for that purpose, I ask my friend what, and
where, is the remedy of the party aggrieved. He
cannot sue the Government; its sovereignty is
not liable to answer to a citizen's suit in court.
His only remedy is by petition for redress to us—.
to thevery power that has wantonly damaged him.
What relief could he expect from so faithless a tri-
bunal? Buffurther; I ask my friend the difference
between our passing a law to violate these contracts
directly, and on our own responsibility, and pass-
ing one depriving the contractors of their right of
trial by the legal institutions of the country, and
placing them at the mercy of irresponsible politi-
cal Executive officers? For whilst these contrac-
tors cannot sue the Government, the Government
can sue them, and so try the questions between
them by a court and jury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Mace's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding "the Secretary of War." In
the first place, the matter of putting an end to the
contracts is a mere question of policy with the
Government, not predicated on any charge of mis-
management, fraud, or corruption on the part of
the employees of the Government. It is a ques-
tion whether it is policy for us to put an end to
the contracts, without regard to the question
i whether they are well or ill managed. Now, as
' to the power on the part of this House to put an
end to the contracts, that is a question which is
in the contracts themselves; and if we cannot in
a given time put an end to the contracts, because
they stipulate for another time, I repeat that the
whole power of this House is incompetent to
change it, and to take away from the humblest
citizen in this country the right vested in him by
the contract made with any department of the
Government.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ha-
ven] says again that you would deprive the party
of the benefit of the tribunal of the courts of the
country. My answer to that is, that you can no
more deprive him of a right to resort to the legal
tribunals of the country, if he has such a right
now, than you can of his rights under the con-
tract. And if the Secretary of the Navy, the At-
torney General, the President, and all the Cabinet,
were to decide that under this contract they had
the right te*put it to an end on a given day, it
would not impair the rights of the party under
the contract, or deprive him of the right, if he
thinks it incorrectly decided, of appealing to the
supreme tribunal of the land, the courts of the
country. It's perfectly clear to my mind that we
have not the power to do it; and it is not proposed
to do it by the amendment which has been offered.
So far from proposing to violate the contract, and
taking the matter out of the tribunals, it proposes
to leave the matter in the hands of the parties to
the contract. The Government decides for itself
that it has the right to put an end to the contract
in a certain time. The other party are satisfied
that this Government have not the right to put an
end to the contract. None of their rights are for-
feited by the action of the Government. They
have the right to appeal to the tribunals, which
have been organized by the Constitution of the
United States for their protection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not having thus far par-
ticipated in this debate, I rise to make a very few
remarks in opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 have no amendment to
offer, but I object to the amendment, being with-
drawn until I have said what I have to say in
reference to the subject to which it relates. I
wish simply to say, that at times this House has
acted with a total disregard of contracts. I thought
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips]
seemed to be willing to vote upon this as a prop-
osition that was in violation of the plighted faith
