1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 should like to ask the
gentleman from South Carolina a question.
Mr. BOYCE. I am ready to answer the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. DICKINSON". I should like to ask the
gentleman from South Carolina whether the muni-
cipal authorities of Charleston did not notify Mr.
Hoar that they could not protect him, and they
would not insure his safety if he did not leave?
They allowed him to take Ins own choice, and so
he Irft.
Mr. BOYCE. I do not know that. I know
that some gentlemen waited on him at the hotel,
and represented to him that he had better leave,
as, though the citizensdid notintend to injure him,
he might be liable to insult and annoyance.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have got tl-e facts from
the official report, and I have no doubt it is true.
I do not wish to have my State improperly repre-
sented in this matter.
Some, little misunderstanding here took place
between Mr. Boycb and Mr. Dickinson, as to
the language used by the latter gentleman.
Mr. DICKINSON. I rose to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr
Boyce.] I stated the facts from the official report
of Mr. Hoar, of Massachusetts, which he made
when he returned. He stated that he was in-
formed by the authorities of Charleston that he
could not be protected, and was advised by
them to leave, because they could not answer for
his safety if he remained. The gentleman from
Sou'h Carolina replied to my question, substan-
tially, that he did not understand the facts to be
so. Sir, there is not a purer man in the United
States than Mr. Hoar. He is a man for whose
prudence, and judgment, and candor, every one
who knows him has respect. He was sent there
for the pui pose of testing the validity of the law
of South Carolina, which we, in Massachusetts,
regarded as unconstitutional. He was known 10
be a person who would conduct himself with
great propriety; and he was only asked to have
the proper means taken to test the validity of the
law in the United States courts. But he was
advised that he could not remain theie safely,und
that he could not try the case. He came home
and made that report. I took that report as an
official report after it had been acted upon.
Mr. DOWDELL contended that the restriction
of 1820 was a naked act of arbitrary power un-
warranted by the Constitution. It was wholly
indefensible, impolitic, and inexpedient. It was
forced on the South as the least of two evils, and
acquiesced in by them for the sake of peace and
harmony, it has been violated over and over
again by the North, who now advocate its sanctity;
but he suggested that it did not become the ag-
gressors to teach lessons of morality and justice.
Mr. CARPENTER replied to arguments which
had been advanced in favor of the bill, which he
said authorized, not in direct teims, but in effect,
slavery to creep into this Territory, now free. To
this he would ever be opposed.
Mr. TWEED believed the Missouri line is vio-
lative of the Constitution, a flagrant wrong and
gross injustice, and calculated to produce incalcu-
lable mischief. A geographical line is wrong m
inception, enactment, and enforcement. The Mis-
souri line, he repeated, is violative of the Consti-
tution, because it encroaches on the rights of the
South, who have an equal share with the North
in the enjoyment of our domain. By its repeal,
let us endeavor to make the Union a political para-
dise, from which we will never be driven, no more
to return. He was in favor of the bill, because
it gives to the people of the Territory the power
to control their own institutions.
Mr. FARLEY could not forbear to say that, to
him it was a source of great satisfaction that his
political friends on this floor are in no way respon-
sible for the ill-advised form in which this meas-
ure has been presented. The North are opposed
to the extension of slavery. This bill looks to
the extension of slavery over territory now free.
So long as the Missouri compromise remains un-
repealed, slavery cannot go there. Repeal it, and
slavery can go there. Therefore he opposed its
repeal, either directly or indirectly.
Mr. HARRISON addressed the committee in
opposition to the bill, taking the ground that the
public interests did not justify its passage. He
likewise argued against the repeal of the Missouri
act of 1820.
Mr. COLCtUITT, of Georgia, obtained the^
floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a strange arrange-
ment; but I understand that the Chair is'in the
habit of exacting—though 1 do not know that it
is so—a pledge from gentlemen who wisii to speak
that they will not occupy more than fifteen min-
utes, or half an hour. If that be so, it ought to
be corrected.
The CHAIRMAN. Perhaps the gentleman
had better let his colleague make that point.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have heard these things,
and think it best that they should be now ex-
plained.
Mr. HARRISON. I am perfectly satisfied.
[Cries of "Go on, Colquitt !"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. What my colleague says
does not answer the point, i want to know
whether it be a condition precedent to the getting
of the floor that gentlemen shall pledge themselves
to occupy only fifteen minutes, or half an hour?
I want to have the question settled. I deem it
best to have the difficulty remedied now.
[Cries of "Go on, Colquitt!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 appeal to the gentleman
fromtxeoigia to let us have this question settled
now.
Mr. COLQUITT. I prefer to proceed.
Mr. CAA1PBELL. Very well, then, go on.
Mr. COLQUITT. It is with great reluctance,
Mr. Chairman, that I propose, at this late hour,
to speak on the subject under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will yield
a moment, that the Chair may set the matter re-
fen ed to by the gentleman from Ohm right. It
is due to the Chair that it should be done. The
Chair has exacted no pledge from the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Harrison.}
Mi. HUNT. Will the Chair permit me?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has exacted
no'pledge, and has not called thegentleman down.
The gentleman said to the Chair that he wanted
fifteen minutes, and would like to have it nou 
Mr. HUNT, (interrupting.) In behalf of the
people of the United Suites,-and the members of
this House, I protest against such proceeding.
[Cries of 44 Ordei !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is called
to order.
Mr. HUNT. It is a breach of the liberty of
Parliament and our rights in a free and glorious
country. I appeal to every American on this floor,
by his regard for his country, to protest against it.
[Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman has more
right to be heaid than those who are calling him
to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
Mr. WHEELER. And I call the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to order; for I rise to a question
of oider,
TheCHAlRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania and the gentleman from New York will
preserve order.
Mr. WHEELER. I would tell the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I ask no courtesy at his
hands.
Mr. FLORENCE The gentleman from
Georgia has the floor, and I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Harrison*] be allowed to explain the
matter, the Chair is confident that he will do it to
the satisfaction of the committee.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I hope that the gentleman
from Georgia will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to correct a remark
of the Chatr. I did not rise on behalf of my col-
league, but against his protestation. I rose to
state what was the cuirent impression in the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will please
come to order.
Mr. HUNT. It appears to me that the ques-
tion is a privileged one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls to order.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the committee to be heaid
on a question of privilege. I appeal to the Chair
to hear me.
| [Cries of "Order!"]
j Mr. HUNT. I do it in my place.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman rises to
| a question of order, the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. HUNT. 1 rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman willstateit.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman who took his
seat, saying that he had but fifteen minutes, had
the right, under the rules,to proceed for one hour.
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair decides that the
gentleman had the right to proceed for one hour.
Several Members. Nobody denies it.
lyir. HUNT. I would take occasion to ask ,
that the gentleman from Ohio will now use the
privilege which is allowed him under the rules,
in order that he may protect his own and our
rights against any trickery, management, private
understa nding 
[Cries of "Older!"]
Mr. CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the floor, if
he desires to occupy it.
Mr. HARRISON. I will state that I obtained
the floor by the courtesy of the Chatr. He told
me that he could not afford me my proper time.
Many Members. " That is enough," and con-
siderable sensation.
Mr. HUNT. The Chair could not afford him
his proper time!
[Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes gentle-
men will wait until the gentleman from Ohio con-
cludes his statement.
Mr. HARRISON. It was a particular act of
courtesy on the part of the Chair. I desired to
speak to-day, and I asked him if he conld_ allow
me to speak a portion of my speech, and I would
print the rest. He said that he might be able to
give me ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. HUNT. That ?s what I protest against.
[Shouts of " Older !"]
Mr. HARRISON. At the same time the Chair-
man told me that, ha\mg obtained the floor, 1
should have a right to proceed for an hour, if i
chose to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. Will gentlemen permit
the Chair now to make a statement for the inform-
ation of the committee, which the gentleman from
Ohio will corroborate? My colleague, Mr. Tay-
lor, came to me and requested that my colleague,
Mr. Harrison, should have an opportunity to
speak to-night. 1 told him that he must take
his chance for the floor with others. He said
Mr Harrison did not want more than ten or
fifteen minutes. I said that I would try to give
him that time; but if the gentleman would wait
till to-monow, hecould have his full hour; I added,
that probably 1 could give him the floor to-night.
My two colleagues afterwards came to me and
said that if I would give Mr. Harrison the floor
to-night,xhe would not occupy much time. I said
that i would try to do it, and I have done it.
Several Members. " That is all right."
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Harrison] claims the floor, he can
have ir. for his hour.
Mr. SAGE. Let me inquire of the ChaW if a
similar agreement was not exacted from a mem-
ber ftom Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] who ad-
dressed the committee to-day?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs that th*e
committee will hear him explain this whole matter;
for thete seems to be a misunderstanding prevail-
ing in regard to it. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Ei.iot] came to me this morning
before the committee commenced its session, and
I told him that probably, under the arrangement I
had fixed in my mind, I should be able to accord
to the members from Massachusetts an hour
"speech to-day; that they must settle between them-
selves who should have the hour to-day, and that
I would try to give them another hour to-morrow,
but that they could diyide the time, if two chose
to speak to-day. The geuUem&n from Massachu-
setts will corroborate that.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I desiretosay
one word in addition to what the Chair has stated;
When 1 approached the Chan man this morning,
I found him in conversation with one of my col-
leagues upon the subject of the floor, which my
colleague was asking for. Befoie I came up, the
Chair had said to my colleague, who had just
stated that he wanted about thirty minutes, that
he should have that time. As 1 approached, the
Chair said to me, knowing, undoubtedly, the ob-
ject which I had m coming, " Now, sir, you shall
settle this matter with your colleague; and if you
can divide an hour between you,'you shall have
