1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, next addressed the
Committee. He would yield to no gentleman on
that floor in his devotion to the Constitution and
the Union. He had never been disposed to agi-
tate this question of slavery, and had never spoken
about it except when called to the stand by the
speeches of southern gentlemen. He was surprised
at the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia,
who, on a former occasion, had protested against
the agitation of this question, and who had now
made a most thrilling speech upon the subject,
taunting the North with a breach of faith.
Although he believed that there was nothing in
the Constitution which authorized the Missouri
compromise, it could not be denied that there were
occasions in the history of every Government
which required the enactment of extra constitu-
tional measures. Where was the authority in the
Constitution of the United States to annex Louis-
iana, or Florida, or Texas, or to make a conquest
of and annex the territory we acquired under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo? Mr. Jefferson had
said that in annexing Louisiana we had gone be-
yond the Constitution.
He entered into a relation of the history of the
institution of slavery in the United States, from
its earliest period, contending that the framers of
the Constitution regarded it as an unnatural incu-
bus, and desired that it should never be extended
beyond its then existing limits. Not one word
was said in the Constitution concerning the insti-
tution of slavery; and the framers of the Consti-
tution not only never looked to its extension, but
even had an eye to its final abolition.
He believed that Congress had the power to ex-
clude slavery from the territories, and such, he
contended, were the views of Mr. "Webster, as ex-
plained in his great speech of 7th of March, 1850.
fete also quoted the opinions of Mr. Clay, deliv-
ered in the House of Representatives in 1837,
which coincided with the views he [Mr. C.] en-
tertained. [His speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. KERR was here recognized by the Chair
as having the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] that
but a minute and a half of his colleague's time re-
mains.
Mr. KERR. As the House is rather thin, and
doubtless weary 
[Cries of "Go on !" " Go on!"]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. It is too late.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I prefer to hold on to the
floor, if the committee is about to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will have
but a minute or so,and thegentleman from North
Carolina can have the floor to-morrow morning.
Mr. KERR. I shall not detain the House long,
and 1 prefer not to yield the floor.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"]
Mr. KERR then addressed the House. He
said this question had not been canvassed before
his constituents before he left home, and he was
somewhat taken by surprise to find its discussion
here.
He regarded the compromises of 1850 as the
only means on earth by which the two sections of
the Union could be made to move on harmoniously
together, and by which the prosperity of the
Union could be maintained; and, for one, he was
determined to adhere to them.
He did not believe that the spirit of the compro-
mise was violated in the measure which had been
for several days discussed—the Nebraska question.
If he thought so, he would be against it. He had
examined that question anxiously before he made
up his mind that it was perfectly in consonance
with the adjustment of 1850. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. G1 DOINGS obtained the floor.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman yield to a motion for the committee to rise?
Mr. GIDDINGS. No; I prefer to goon now.
I do not propose to detain the committee for more
than eight or ten minutes. It is not my intention
to enter into the discussion of either of the ques-
tions to which the attention of the committee has
been directed. I shall not even allude to the bill
now under consideration, although it is one in
which I feel a deep interest; nor am I about to
discuss the Nebraska bill. I rise solely for the
purpose of setting gentlemen right upon some
points of history which, although they may not
be important in their bearing upon the questions
now before us, may hereafter be referred to.
I have taken part somewhat in thedebates alluded
to, and have some knowledge of the history of the
transactions to which reference has been so fre-
quently made for the last few days. I will state
what I believe to have been the distinct under-
standing of statesmen at the time our treaty with
France was made, in 1803, in regard to the ex-
tentand boundaries of the " Louisiana purchase,"
to which the compromise was confined. And I
invite the attention of the learned gentlemen who
represent States framed out of that territory, those
who understand the language in which its history
is written; and if I am wrong I trust that they
will correct me.
.Sir, it seems to me that much of our misunder-
standing of the subject arises from the difference
in historical views. The French nation claimed
the territory to what was termed " Louisiana," by
right of discovery. I wish to be distinctly under-
stood on this point: that her original title, and her
only title, was in the discovery of the mouth and
sources of the Mississippi river; and that such
title extended, by a rule or comity of nations, to
the country drained by its tributaries. That, by
the discovery and occupation, the British claims
extended from the Atlantic coast, on the east, to
that river; and therefore the French claim rested
solely to the country drained by its western tribu-
taries. I wish to be specific, because gentlemen,
here—and perhaps it is not out of order to allude
to the other end of the Capitol—haveconnected Ore-
gon with the "Louisiana purchase,"and insisted
that in attaching the Wilmot proviso to Oregon,
we denied the validity of that compromise. Now,
I lay it down, that the French nation claimed title
solely by that law or rule among nations which
gives to the Government making the discovery of
an important river the country drained by its
waters. By that rule, and by no other, was
44 Louisiana" bounded.
The Rocky Mountains, which bounded the
tributaries of the Mississippi, was the western
boundary of "Louisiana," as understood by the
French nation, as understood by the American
nation, as understood by Congress, as understood
by all our statesmen down to a very recent period.
This is my view of that matter. 1 know it to have
been so understood by leading men of that day.
In the words of the treaty ceding " Louisiana" to
us, there was no room for misapprehension or mis-
understanding of the boundaries. It was " Louis-
iana, as held by France previously to her ceding
it to Spain." It is, therefore, under the original
title of France that we hold that country, bounded
as it was while m her possession. Such was the
title which we received, and which was held for
something like sixteen years.
We held the entire country drained by the
southern tributaries of the Arkansas, as well as
that drained by its northern tributaries. The Mid-
die Park, to which allusion has been made at the
other end of the Capitol, emptied its waters into
the Colorado, and not into the Mississippi; and
we had no more title to theMiddlePark under the
" Louisiana purchase " than we had to Californnx
or Oregon.
I intend to say, the dividing ridge between the
Colorado and the waters of the Arkansas was the
boundary of that purchase. Now in 1819, when
the negotiation of the treaty with Spain was en-
tered into—some sixteen years subsequently to
the treaty with France, by which weobtained this
territory—Spain owned the whole country adja-
cent on the southwest, and then, by the treaty with
Spain, the boundary between that country and
ours was defined and established, without follow-
ing the lines of the " Louisiana purchase."
Here let me call the particular attention of gen-
tlemen to the fact, that m that treaty we surren-
dered to Spain the whole of the country watered
by the southern tributaries of the Arkansas, which
empty their waters into that river west of the hun-
dredth degree of longitude. That country, which
constituted a part of the 44 Louisiana purchase,"
was given to Snam, and the boundary was estab-
lished on the Arkansas river, instead of the south-
ern " divide" which separates its tributaries from
those streams which run south.
Following the Arkansas to its source, the line
agreed upon runs thence due north, until it strikes
the foity-second degree of north latitude, thus
giving to us that tract which Fremont describes as
the " Middle Park," whose waters, as heretofore
; stated, empty into the Colorado. This tract had
belonged to Spain, until the ratification of our
treaty, in 1821. It constituted no part of" Lou-
isiana," and did not belong to us when the Mis-
souri compromise was adopted; and, of course,
could never have been subjected to that compro-
mise, which was confined to the territory ceded to
us by France.
The Middle Park was held by Spain by force of
the same principle which France held " Louisi-
ana"—by discovery—claiming the whole country
watered by the tributaries of their streams, among
which was the Colorado.
It is also a fact, worthy of note, that our title to
Oregon was also based upon the discovery of the
mouth of the Columbia river, by Captain Grey,
of Boston; and I think, if gentlemen will look into
the documents, they will find such to have been
our title, and that by force of this ri*le Great
Britain admitted our claim to the whole region
north of that river watered by its tributaries.
Now, sir, another historical fact. When gen-
tlemen say it was proposed to carry the Missouri
compromise to Oregon, thesefacts were proclaimed
upon this floor. Jt was here stated that Oregon
had no connection or association with "Louis-
iana"—that it was entirely distinct, separate, and
independent of that purchase, that we held it by
another title. I do not now mean to say that no
one suggested that it was so connected, but I give
the facts. And when it was proposed, as re-
marked by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] to-day, that it lay north of 36° 30', a
member from my own State, who had served long
in these Halls—I allude to Mr. Vinton—arose
and stated to gentleman here, that the Missouri
compromise had relation solely to the " Louisiana
purchase," and to nothing else. And, jsir, the
Wilmot proviso was attached to the Oregon Ter-
ritory, as far as my recollection extends, with
this express understanding, and as far as I have
any knowledge of the views of other members
then upon this floor—it was attached with this be-
lief that it constituted no part of the Louisiana
purchase.
i mention these things that members may not
make mistakes by speaking of Oregon as a part
of Louisiana.- I do not regard the facts important,
as connected with the present discussion, but I
prefer to vindicate the truth of history, and to
keep our record of transpiring events as accurately
as we are able.
As remarked when I first rose, 1 have no in-
tention of entering at present into the discussion
of the question which is now exciting so much
interest in this body, and do not know that I shall
desire to speak upon it, unless the " agitators "
become so deeply excited as to require me to pour
oil upon the troubled sea which now begins to
rage about us.
Mr. NOBLE here obtained the floor, but yielded
to—■
Mr. DEAN, who moved that the committee do
now rise.
The committee accordingly rose:snd the Speak-
er pro tempore [Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania]
taking the chair, the Chan man of the committee
reported to the House that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and was about to say that they had partic-
ularly under consideration the Nebraska bill, but
that parliamentary forms required him to say that
they had particularly under consideration House
bill, (No. 37,) commonly called the homestead
bill.
Mr. PRESTON. I move that wh# n this House
adjourns, that it adjourn until Monday next.
Mr. LETCHER. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. There are several gentlemen
who desire to speak upon the homestead bill.
Only seventeen gentlemen rising, the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I ask foradivision, tosee'whether
there is a quorum or not.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Pres-
ton's motion; and, a division b*ing had, there
, were—aves 67, noes 3G.
! The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no quo-
j rum voting.
