1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May II,
it to-day." I assented on the spot, for I was glad
of an opportunity of being heard even during that I
time. |
Mr. HUNT. I protest against such suggestions j
from the Chair. There is but one rule, and it is !
the duty of the Chair to dispense the law of the j
House fairly and equitably,
[Cries of " Order!" and great confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks he un-
derstands the duties of the Chair. If he does not,
he will very cheerfully resign the position.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I insist on the
regular order. My colleague [Mr. Colquitt] is
entitled to the floor. |
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from j
Georgia will proceed. i
Mr. STEPHENS. Before my colleague goes i
on, I will state to the House, that the practice j
which has been disclosed by the Chair has been i
usual ever since I have been in Congress. I con-
sider, so far from its being* an outrage* that it is a
great accommodation to those gentleman who de-
sire to s[*ak.
Mr. HUNT. It is a curtailment of time, and
therefore it is a retrenchment of privilege.
Mr. KEITT. I insist that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] shall be allowed to pro-
ceed without further interruption.
Mr. COLQUITT then proceeded, and advo-
cated the passage of the bill.
Mr. T7PHA1VT said that if this bill should be-
come a taw, it would effect an entire and radical
change of the policy on which this Government
was formed, and by which it has been admin-
istered from the first. The country would be
swung from its moorings, and, with all its precious
freight, embark on an untraversed and unknown,
and, it may be, a stormy if not fatal sea.
He proceeded to show that the Union could not
have been formed if the slavery obstruction had
not been removed. It was not thought there would
be an acquisition of any additional territory, and
the Constitution was intended to apply to the
country as it at that time existed, rte gave an
interesting history of the settlement of the North-
west Territory, and spoke of the ordinance of
1787, the Missouri compromise, and the compro-
mise of 1850; and, in conclusion, predicted disas-
trous consequences from the abrogation of political
compacts.
Mr. MAXWELL obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i ask the gentleman to
yield the floor to enable me to move that the com-
mittee rise?
Mr. MAXWELL yielded for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL then submitted the motion.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
theUnion had had the Union geneially under con-
sideration, and particulaily Rouse bill (No. 236)
to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas, find had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr, WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
• The question was taken; and the motion agreed
to; and then
At half past ten o'clock, the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, in.
[See Appendix for the above named speeches.]
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May II, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sliceu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that, in conformity with the request
of the Senate, the House of Representatives had
directed him to return the bill for the relief of
David Myerle.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late Colonel John Anderson,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
REPORTING OF THE SENATE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary ol the Senate be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to contiact with the pro-
prietors of the Washington Sentinel for the daily publication
of the debates and proceedings of the Senate, provided it
can be done on tlie terms provided by the lesolution of the
Senate, passed the II tli August, I84rt, directing the publica-
tion of the debates and proceedings of the Senate in the
National intelligencer and Union.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the subject.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, occu-
pying the relations which I do towards the Com-
mittee on Piinting, I deem it proper to make a
few remarks m reference to this resolution. The
subject of the reporting of the proceedings of this
body has engaged the anxious deliberations of the
Committee on Printing for some time past, and it
has occupied, to some extent, the attention of the
press in this District. Now, sir, if it were a new
question, and I were to inquire into it for the first
time, I should be opposed to having any reporter j
in this body but one, and I would put that paper j
on a suitable footing for the purpose of preserving j
the debates of the Senate.
It will be recollected that some six weeks, or
two months since, the then proprietorof the Union
declined, temporarily, the publication of tfie re-
ports of this body. A change, however, was
made in the proprietors of that press; and I un-
derstand that the new proprietors have under-
taken the reports, and claim the right to publish
the proceedings in this body under the contract of
the former proprietor. At the time when that re-
quest from General Armstrong, then proprietor of
the Union, to be released from his contract with
the Senate for the publication of the reports, came
before us, the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] submitted a proposition to increase the com-
pensation allowed the Globe, the allegation being i
that it could not afford to publish the proceedings j
of the body at the compensation then allowed it. j
That subject was referred to the Committee on
Printing, and it underwent the scrutiny and de- ■
liberation of the committee. About it there was j
a diversity of opinion, and you have now lying j
on your table h report on the subject. ,
In the mean time the subject attracted the atten- 1
tion of some of the press, as I before remarked,
and it is yet an unsettled question with this body,
whether we shall increase the compensation of the
Globe, or whether the Union has u right to report
the proceedings at all, and claim compensation.
If it be the fact that the propiietor of the Globe
cannot afford to report and publish our proceed-
ings at the compensation now allowed him, it
seems to me that neither the proprietors of the
Union nor of the Sentinel can.
Without attempting to throw anything like a
serious obstacle in the way of this resolution, for
the present, I must say that I think the Senate
might well pause, and suffer the question to be
investigated, before we embark in the expenditure
likely to accrue to the Treasury by the adoption
of this proposition. We have already two re-
porters for the Senate, the Union and the Globe,
and the only possible ground, it seems to me,
upon which an appeal could be made to the Sen-
ate in favor of this proposition is, that the proprie-
tor of the Sentinel is printer to the Senate.
I do not suppose any gentleman on this floor
will undertake to deny that the reports in the Globe
give us all the details, and furnish thecountry with
all the information necessary in relation to our
proceedings. The editor of that paper, who has
a corps of reporters—and I believe no one will hes-
itate to award to that corps great ability and great
accuracy—alleges that he cannot live at the pres-
ent prices allowed him; and yet,at the same time,
papers recently founded are willing to take the
work, I presume, at the same prices. I have
deemed it due to the Senate and the committee to
submit these remarks in reference to this proposi-
tion.
I cannot for my life see the necessity for three
reporters to this body. It was the sense of the
committee that we should have but one. I know
the matter underwent the investigation of the
committee, and the only disagreement was as to
the compensation proposed to be given to the pro-
prietor of the paper, which we recommended should
be the permanent reporter of the body. It seems
to me that, with the expensive and well regulated
establishment of the proprietor of that paper, and
with the ability and accuracy characterizing its
. reports, there is no necessity for incurring the
additional expense of requiring three reporters.
I am opposed to the adoption of the resolution,
and I am unwilling to saddle the additional ex-
pense which it will create upon the country, unless
there be an imperious necessity for it.
It occurs to me that the obvious course of the
Senate would be to put that paper which we all
recognize as the established reporter for the body,
and that we hold responsible for an accurate
report, upon a solid footing, and to allow its pro-
prietor a compensation by which he can live. If
this were done we might dispense with other
reporters than those of that paper. It is not a
political paper. It is conducted by a gentleman of
great experience, and he" brings to his aid men of
high character and abilities, to give permanence
to the reports of that paper, and they become port
of the archives of the country to which we are
to look hereafter for an accurate history of our
proceedings. It seems to me that is all the Senate
ought to desire.
So far as the reports now purporting to be made
by the Union are concerned,! understand the pro-
prietor of that paper claims the right to do so
under a contract with the former proprietor. That
question has not been investigated, and I cannot
undertake to say what will be the sense of the
Senate, if the question were to be raised. But, sir,
to add a third, when the Intelligencer declined it,
and the Union itself, in the hands of another party,
declined the work at present prices, and when we
are making an effort to put the Globe upon a stable
and firm foundation, seems to me to be remark-
able.
1 may say further, that one inducement to rec-
ommend an increased compensation to the Globe,
was the fact that the Union had declined the work,
and that the Intelligencer had declined it. and it
was deemed necessary to have one stable estab-
lishment. That was a strong argument urged by
some of the friends of the increased compensation
to the Globe why we should agree to their prop-
osition. My impression is, that we should con-
tinue the Globe; but if we add another paper to
the list of reporters, we thereby weaken, in a
corresponding ratio, the ability of the Globe to
furnish such reports as are now furnished, which
we all concede to be creditable to the body and
the country. Such are my views.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am sine that the honorable
Senator from Alabama does not understand the
facts of this case. When he does, 1 am satisfied
that I shall have his vote for my resolution. In
1848 the Senate, by resolution, directed their Sec-
retary to contract with the editors of the National
Intelligencer and Union for printing the debates
and proceedings of this body, provided it could
be done at a price stated therein. The Secretary
accordingly entered into a written contiact with the
proprietors of each of these papers. That contract,
j I believe, wascanied forward for some six months,
! or perhaps longer, by the Intelligencer—the time
! is immaterial. It was then abandoned by that
i paper, on the ground that it did not pay a profit.
• Ritchie Heiss were, at the time the contract
j was entered into, proprietors of the Union. They
| subsequently sold out to General Armstrong. Gen-
• eral Armstrong, by letter, accepted the terms of
I the contract made by his predecessor. The only
1 co*n tract existing between the Senate and General
i Armstrong, is the letter I refer to, saying that he
| would carry out the same, according to its pro-
! visions. He did so until December last, when he
: wrote the letter which I have on my table, de-
! clining a further compliance on his part, on the
i ground that his contract did not pay a sufficient
| compensation, and asking the Senate to relieve him,
| from the implied obligation which he had taken on
; himself by his letter of December, 1853. I have
i both the letters before me.
1 There was nolegal obligation resting upon Gen-
eral Armsuong to perform this service. He had
a perfect right to abandon it whenever he found
it was a source of loss or embarrassment to him,
and entirely respectful and proper for him to do
as he did. The proprietors of the Sentinel there-
upon addressed a communication to this body,
proposing to perform the same work that General
Armstrong declined, at the same price.
Both communications were referred to theCom-
mitteeon Printing. That committee reported them
back, simply requesting that they be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject. I
understand that the then chairman of the com-
