2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Resolve^ That there be printed for the use of the Senate
three thousand copies of the fourth meteorological report
of Professor Espy; and that the printing and binding be
executed m the same manner as the printing and binding
of the third report. *
Mr. COOPER. This is the same number that
was printed heretofore.
Mr. ADAMS. I think the rules require that
such resolutions shall go to the Committee on
Printing. 4
The PRESIDENT. The resolution must go
to that committee.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Elijah
D. Brigham, praying" permission to change the
name of the brig Glamorgan to that of Wizard;
and that a new register may be issued for her
under that name; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of John
C. McFarren and Samuel D. Sturgis, officers of
the Army, praying compensation for services
rendered by them respectively in grades higher
than that to which they belong; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of James Thompson, and the adminis-
trator of C. M. Strader, reported a joint resolution
for the settlement of the claim of the late firm of
C. M. Strader& Co., mail contractors; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolutions from the House of Rep-
resentatives, reported them back without amend1
ment:
A bill for the relief David C. Cash and Giles
V. Ellis;
A bill forthe relief of William Hankins;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant George H.
Paige, of the United States Navy;
A bill authorizing theSecretary of theTreasury
to settle the accounts of Thomas Jordan, assistant
quartermaster in the United States Army;
A joint resolution for the relief of Brevet Cap-
tain J. II. Lendrum, United States Army; and
A joint resolution for the settlement of the claim
of U>on Juan Jesus Vigil, of New Mexico.
Mr. ALLEN,from theCommitteeon Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill for the relief of
John S. King, of Virginia, reported it back with-
out amendment.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, that an
additional member be appointed on the Committee
on Enrolled Rills, and that the appointment be
made by the President pro tempore; m accordance
therewith Mr. Thomson, of New Jersey, was
appointed.
BOMBARDMENT OF SAN JUAN.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 28th instant, reports from
the Secretaries of State, and of the Navy, in rela-
tion to the bombardment and burning of San Juan
de Nicaragua, together with sundry documents
respecting the same; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKeav, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major Caleb Swan, deceased;
_ An act to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White and
others;
An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of Colfcnel Alexander G. Morgan;
An act for the purchase of the copyright of a
work publishedby Thomas H. Sumner, wherein
he describes his new method of ascertaining a
ehip's position at sea;
An act to provide compensation for the services
of George Morell in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan;
An act for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone;
An act for the relief of Levi Pierce, and Andrew
Hodge, jr; .
An act for the relief of Henry La Remtrie;
An act for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Navy;
An act for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beaubien;
An act for the relief of William Darby;
An act for the relief of Urban Stoll;
An act for the relief of Asa Andrews;
An act for-the relief of Jonas P. Levy and Jose
Maria Jarrero;
An act for the relief of Captain Charles G.
Merchant;
An act for the relief of William Brown;
An act for the relief of Gaston T. Raoul;
An act for the relief Phineas M. Nightingale,
administrator of the estate of General Nathaniel
Greene, deceased;
An act for the relief of A. G. Penn;
An act for the settlement of the claims of W. P.
Bucknerand Pierce Crosby, passed midshipmen
in the United States Navy;
An act for the relief of William G. Smith;
An act to revive the act approved March 3,1823,
and the act approved May 18*24, supplemental
thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo claims to
land in Louisiana;
Joint resolution giving one hundred and sixty
acres of land to Francis M. Gwin, of Indiana; and
Joint resolution for the relief of John A. Bryan.
The above named bills were subsequently signed
by the President pro tempore.
CHARLES GORDON.
Mr. FOOT. I am directed by the Committee on
Public Lands to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to pay to OharlesGordon, out of the contingent fund ol the
Semite, the sum of .$1,500, it being for his bemces as
draughtsman for the Senate from March 3,1839^ to January
1, L84<>.
Mr. President, I think a simple statement of
facts will suffice tb satisfy the Senate that this res-
olution should be passed. Mr. Gordon had been
employed, under resolutions of the Senate, as
draughtsman to the Committee on Public Lands
for several years. On the last day of a session,
the 3d March, 1839, those resolutions were re-
pealed at the last hour of that session, and with-
out consideration. The result would be, that the
work upon which his labor had for years been
bestowed, would be left in an incomplete condi-
tion. There were nine maps of States, containing
the public lands, which were then in an incom-
plete state. The Committee on Public Lands, to
remedy this, directed Mr. Gordon to proceed
with the work, and complete these maps. Mr.
Walker, of Mississippi, being then chairman of
that committee, gave him assurance that Congress
would make him compensation. Under this as-
surance and direction, Mr. Gordon proceeded
with the work and completed those maps, and
delivered them to the Senate, to the satisfaction
of the Committee on Public Lands. He was en-
gaged in that work from the 3d of March, 1839,
to the 1st of January, 1840. Mr. Walker has
'himself certified the fact of his employment, and
the correctness of Mr. Gordon's statements in his
memorial, and that this amount ought to be paid.
Fifteen hundred dollars is at the rate of compen-
sation which had been paid him for such services
for seven years preceding, during which he had
been engaged in this work; that is, at the rate of
$1,800 per annum. I report this resolution, for
payment of those services, by direction of the
Committee on Public Lands, and I ask that it be
considered now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Vermont whether this gentleman's
case is not pending before one of the standing
committees of this body.
Mr. FOOT. This case has been pending be-
fore the Committee on Public Lands, and that
committee have directed me to make this report.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no doubt it is all right;
but still, I think such propositions should be con-
sidered as others, and therefore I object to the
present consideration of this resolution.
The PRESIDENT. Then it must lie over for
one day, under the rules.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. EVANS. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I submitted some days ago in refer-
ence to the payment of clerks to committees. I
suppose it will lead-to no debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the following res-
olution:
" Resolved, That the clerks of the committeesof the Sen-
ate be paid from the day of their appointment, except thos>e
who were on duty from the beginning of the session."
Mr. PETTIT. The amendment, which was
made in reference to the payment of committee
clerks, to the resolutions relative to the compensa-
tion of the officers and employees of the Senate,
was made on my motion. That amendment was
that the committee clerks should be paid from the
commencement of the sesston. I offered it know-
ingly and designedly. I did not know, however,
that there were some of the clerks who had been
appointed recently. I supposed they had all been
appointed within a month or two, at any rate, of
the commencement of the session. The reason 1
had in desiring that they should be paid from the
commencement was this: A number of commit-
tees hesitated at first about asking for the employ-
ment of a clerk, and in those cases the business
of the committee had accumulated, and bad not
been done; and when the clerk came in a month
or two months later than the commencement of
the session, he found all the business of the com-
mittee to do. He found it piled up on his hands,
for Senators could not find time to attend to it.
For this reason, 1 thought it was rightthat such
clerks should be paid from the commencement of
the session; but seeing that some have been ap-
pointed very recently, I do not think that provis-
ion will operate entirely fair. 1 think, however,
that those, clerks who were not employed later
than two months after the commencement of the
session, ought to be paid from the first day of the
session, for the reason I have stated, that they were
compelled to do all the business of the session as
much as if they had been at work all the time. I
therefore move to amend the resolution so as to
provide that those who were appointed before the
1st of February, shall draw their pay from the be-
ginning of the session.
Mr. EVANS. "On the 19th of January, at the
instance of some one, I suppose the Senator from
Indiana,the Senate agreed to this resolution:
" Resolved, That such of the clerks of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate as have been on daty from ihe first
day of this session be paid therefrom."
The resolution that I submit does not conflict
with this. Mine is, that those in actual employ-
ment from the first of the session shall be paid
from that time. The resolution giving the com-
mittees the right to employ clerks was proposed
on the 15th of December; but there were many
clerks, those who had been the clerks to former
committees, who were here and attended under the
expectation and promise that they should be reap-
pointed from the beginning of the session, arid those
ought to be paid from that time. This resolution
provides for them. It allows those who served
from the commencement of the session to be paid
from that time.
Now,the correct principle is, that a man should
be paid for his labor. Those who were not here
at first, and did not come for two months after the
commencement of the session, ought not to be
paid from the beginning; for, at most, it is true that
but very few of them have much to do. The com-
mittees meet, on an average, once a week; and the
clerk has the remainder of the time to arrange the
papers. So far as I know anything about the
committees, it does not take very long to arrange
the papers and make out such statements as I
have seen. I think, therefore, the true prin-
ciple is, that each man should be paid for the labor
he performs, and for nothing else. This resolu-
tion is intended to cover that principle. If the
gentleman's clerk was on duty from the first of
the session, he will be entitled to be paid, and, in
fact, I believe he has been paid from the beginning
of the session. Such is my information.
Mr. MASON* I submit to the Senators that
they allow the vote to be taken at once; otherwise
I shall be obliged to interpose and ask for the vote
on my motion.
Mr. EVANS. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. PETTIT. I will allow the vote to be taken
in a few minutes. So far as some of the commit-
tees are concerned, I do not know how much labor
the clerks may have, but I think every member of
the Committee on Private Land Claims will bear
