446
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Feb, 20,
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. FLORENCE. Count the House.
Mr. HAMILTON, Upon a division of the
.House, on the question of adjourning over, there
•was no quorum present. I ask the Speaker to
count the House, and ascertain whether there is a
quorum present, before we do adjourn over.
Mr. LETCHER, la my motion to adjourn in
order now?
The SPEAKER pro teinpore. The question
first is to ascertain whether there is a quorum
present.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
-1 understand, under the rules, that any member
-can move to adjourn, yet the Speaker has come to
the decision that there must be a quorum present
in order to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Before the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] made his
-question of order, the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] rose to another question,
and that was for the Speaker to ascertain whether
there was a quorum present or not.
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for tellers, to ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
the right to appoint tellers to ascertain whether
there be a quorum in the House.
Mr. FULLER. I wiil save the Chair that
trouble. The House-cannotadjourn over without
a quorum. The vote which has been taken upon
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Preston] shows that there is no quorum present.
I therefore move that the Honse do now adjourn,
and 1 ask that the Chair shall entertain the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
•entertain the motion of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. FLORENCE, upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to a question of order,
I insist that the question cannot be taken upon the
motion to adjourn while the motion to adjourn
over is pending.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman from
Kentucky to older. His point of order has been
once decided by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is in order at any time to
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. PRESTON. If the Chair will permit me,
I will state my point of order. 1 obtained the
floor, and then made the motion, that when this
House adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. Tliere has never been any decision of that
motion, and, pending it, various motions have been
made to adjourn. I now demand the Speaker's
decision, whether or not I am entitled to have my
motion first decided by the House?
Mr. FULLER. I submit that the question was
put upon the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and the Chair announced that no quorum
voted. That is all the decision the gentleman's
motion can have, for less than a quorum cannot
adjourn over.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand that my point of
order shall be decided by the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky was entertained by
the Chair, and put by him to the Blouse; but, upon
a division, it appeared that there was no quorum
voting. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller]
then made the motion that the House adjourn,
which the Chair thinks he was bound to en-
tertain, and upon that motion the gentleman from
Pennsylvania demanded tellers. The question
therefore is upon ordering tellers upon the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I Khali be compelled to
appeal from the decision of the Chair; for there
has been no decision upon my motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the question may
be taken upon the motion that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
must first betaken upon the appeal from the decis-
ion of the Oh? ir.
Mr. Is ETCHER. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, ruling that the motion to ad- i
journ is not first in order. [Laughter.] I
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only one appeal
can be taken at a time. ;
Mr. DISNEY. Do I understand the Chair to I
decide that less than a quorum cannot adjourn ? I
The SPEAKER pro tempore, 'The Chair has
made no such decision.
Mr. DISNEY. I apprehend that two can ad-
journ as well as two hundred.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no
doubt of that; but the Constitution provides that
less than a quorum cannot adjourn for more than
one day. The question now is,/'Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table, and upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put on Mr. Florence's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the appeal up9n
the table.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn. That motion is in or-
der, and I demand that it be put.
Mr. PRESTON. I nowagain submit the point
of order that my motion has precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana. I submit
that a motion to adjourn to a particular day takes
precedence of a motion to adjourn.
Mr. LANE. Oh, no.
Mr. PRESTON. Here is the rule. Will the
Chair permit me to read it ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. PRESTON. Rule 48:
"A motion to adjourn, and a motion to fix the day to
which the House shall adjourn, shall always be in order."
Here is the note to that rule;
" It has been decided and acted upon, that, under this
rule, a motion to fix the day to which the House shall ad-
journ takes piecedeneeot amotion to adjourn. The reason
ot this decision n, that before the Hoine adjourned, it was
proper to fix the tune to which it should adjourn. To this
decision, and upon tljis reasoning, no objection has been
made."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule which
the gentleman has read is clear and plain  
[Cries of " Order V'<( Order
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is the question debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. LANE. 1 want to make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Indiana is entertained by the
Chair m preference to any other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
Speaker one question. I ask him if he did not
put the question on the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] and if, upon a
division, there was not less than a quorum voting?
The Chair announced that fact. Now the Con-
stitution provides that less than a quorum can
only adjourn from day to day. A motion was
then made to adjourn, and that motion was in
order, the motion to adjourn over having failed for
want of a quorum.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The motion to
adjourn submitted by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr, Lane] has been entertained by the Chair.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I now move that when
this House adjourns,it adjourn to meeton Mon-
day next.
[At this stage of the proceedings other motions
were made to adjourn, which were intervened by
questions of order*, and there was great confusion
in the Hail.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask what question
is before the House ? Js it the simple motion to
adjourn, or the motion that when it do adjourn, it
adjourn till Monday next ? Whatever it is, I move
that the Speaker put the question quickly and de-
cisively.
The question was then put on Mr. Preston's
motion, which was adopted; so it was agreed that
when the House adjourn, it be till Monday next. ■
The question was put on the motion to adjourn, j
which was also adopted.
The House accordingly adjourned, at twenty
minutes past three o'clock, to Monday next, at
twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 20, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, made in compliance with a resolution of
the 28th March last, requesting him to report the
average prices annually, for the last ten years pre-
ceding 1853, of the various kinds of iron at the
markets of production abroad and at home; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of As-
bury Dickins, praying to be allowed the difference
between the compensation of chief clerk in the
Treasury and State Departments, and that of the
head of those Departments, during the time he
performed the duties of head of those Depart-
ments respectively, under appointment by Presi-
dent Jackson; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of East Hamburg, New York, praying that the
agricultural products of Canada may not be admit-
ted into the United States free of duty; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of citizens of New York, re-
monstrating against the renewal of Cyrus PI.
McCormick's patent for improvements in reaping
machines; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of electors of the town of Smith-
field, and a petition of electors of the town of
Kingsbury, New York, remonstrating against a
repeal of the Missouri compromise of 1820; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of electors of the town of Ska-
neateles, a petition of citizens of Hannibal,and a
memorial of citizens of the town of Scio, New
York, remonstrating against the passage of the
bill, in its present form, to organize the Territory
of Nebraska; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fabius, Onondaga
county, New York, praying that the law organ-
izing the Territory of Nebraska, may be so framed
as to prohibit slavery therein; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Also, resolutions adopted at a meeting of the
voters of Skaneateies, New York, held at Lyceum
Hall, m that town, February 13, against the or-
ganization of the Territory of Nebraska, without
a recognition of the validity and binding force of
the Missouri compromise; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, resolutions adopted at a meeting of citi-
zens of Seneca county, held in the town of Ovid,
New York, protesting against all legislation tend-
ing to the introduction of slavery into any of the
territories of the United States where it does not
already exist; which weie ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, three petitions of the State of New Jersey,
and a petition of citize-ns of Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the passage of any bill wliich will
permit slavery in the Territory of Nebraska, or
infringe the eighth section of the Missouri com-
promise act of 1820; which were ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. EVERETT presented the petition of C. C.
Beatty, executor of Reading Beatty, a surgeon in
the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed ar-
rears of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of J. Randolph Clay, pray-
ing that a law may be passed to provide for the
temporary relief of distressed and destitute Amer-
ican citizens, other than mariners, in foreign coun-
tries; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of the town of Web-
ster, Massachusetts, without distinction of party,
remonstmting against the passage of the bill to
organize the Territory of Nebraska, or the exten-
sion of the area of slavery; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of MeigsD.
Benjamin and others, merchants and rinzens of
New York, praying that the excess of duties paid
by them on certain importations made by them
under the tariffs of 1824 and 1828, may be refunded
with interest; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of the county of
Monroe, New York, praying that the bounty
land laws may be so altered as to grant a hundred
