1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and sixty acres of land to each officer and soldier
who was engaged in the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dutchess county,
New York, remonstrating against the passage of
the Nebraska bill in its present form, or any other
bill which may impair the validity of the Missouri
compromise; which wasordered to lie on the table.
Also, four petitions of citizens of Martinsburg,
New Yoik, praying that provision may be made
in all treaties with foreign nations for referring to
the decision -of an umpire all questions that cannot
be adjusted by amicable negotiation; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Ralph King, late United States Consul at Bremen,
praying compensation for services rendered the
United States, during the years 185], 1852, and
18j3; which was referred to the Committee on
Comrtierce.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Hinesborough, Yermont, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill, in its present form, to or-
ganize the Territory of Nebraska; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented the following petitions
against the passage of theNebraska bill, and pray-
ing that slavery and the slave trade may be abol-
ished wherever the constitutional jurisdiction of
Congress extends; which were ordered to lie on
the table:
Petition of citizens of New Concord, Ohio.
Petition of citizens of Martin ville, Ohio.
Petition of citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio.
Petition of the KennettMonthly Meeting of the
religious Society of Progressive Friends, in Chester
county, Pennsylvania.
Petition of citizens of Buffalo, Illinois.
Petition of citizens of Morgan county, Ohio.
Petition of citizens of Somerton, Ohio.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trustees of
the Protestant University of the United States in
the State of Ohio, praying a giant of public land
for the endowment of that institution; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON presented additional documents
in relation to the claim of James Erwin, for him-
self and heirs of Daniel Greathouse, praying in-
demnity for losses sustained under contracts for
subsisting emigrating Indians; which, with his pe-
tition on the flies of the Senate, were referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented twenty-three me-
morials of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that
suitable accommodation may be provided for the
post office and courts of the United States for the
eastern district of Pennsylvania; which were re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a memorial signed by citizens of Mont-
gomery county, and two petitions of citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the repeal of
the Missouri compromise act of 1820; which were
oidered to lie on the table.
Also, tweniy-nine petitions,numerously signed
by citizens of Philadelphia, praying that the
United States Mint now in that city may not be
removed; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Aho, a remonstrance of citizens of Philadelphia
©gainst the renewal of Woodworth's patent for a
planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Wil-
liam A. Cameron, praying the passage of an act
for the settlement of the claims of John Denman
and George Towley, of New Jersey, for cattle
famished by them for the use of the Army in the
revolution?.! y war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of H. D. Johnson, Delegate from the Territory
of Nebraska, claiming for the people of that Ter-
ritory the right to legislate for themselves on the
.subject of slavery, and that Congress should leave
the question to the decision of their own choice;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed
Mr. WILLIAMS presented documents in re-
lation to the claim of Lucinda Morrill, widow of
Stephen Morrill, to a pension; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, in favor of the establish-
447
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore approved and
signed two enrolled bills of the following titles:
"An act for the relief of William Blake;" and
" An actsupplemental to an act entitled ' An act
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California,'approved March 3,1851."
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Joseph Smith, assignee of a certain land
warrant, praying the right to locate a quantity of
land therein described, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
ment of a direct overland mail route from Gre-
nada, Mississippi, to Memphis, Tennessee; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
petition of Nannie Denman, widow of Lieutenant
F. J. Denman; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of Hall
J. Kelley, of Palmer, Massachusetts, setting1 forth
his services in the colonization of the Territory of ,
Oregon, and praying compensation therefor. He j
also prays that the matter may be submitted to a !
special committee. That I shall not attempt to :
ask, but move that it be referred to the Committee !
on Territories. :
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. SUMNER also presented a petition of citi- |
zens of Cambridge, Massachusetts, praying the I
reduction of ocean postage to two cents for letters j
weighing not more than half an ounce; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the following petitions protesting against
the repeal of the eighth section of the Missouri
compromise act, or" the admission of more slave
territory into the Union; which were ordered to
lie on the table:
Two petitions of inhabitants of Longmeadow,
Massachusetts;
Petition of citizens of Boston;
Petition of citizens of Holliston, Massachu-
setts;
Petition of citizens of Pennsylvania;
Petition of the citizens of Keene and its vicinity,
New Hampshire;
Petition of Rev. James Johnston and others;
and
Petition of citizens of Ohio.
Also, a petition of William B. May and others,
citizens of Massachusetts, praying the enactment
of a law authorizing certain invalid pensioners of
the United States, living in that State, to draw pen-
sions from the date of the injury received in the j
public service; which was referred to the Commit- !
tee on Pensions. j
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of Lewis I
EKvell and others, of Northport, Maine, who j
were detained as prisoners-of-war in Dartmoor !
during the war of 1812, praying compensation for i
loss of health occasioned by their captivity; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Maine, praying
that the benefits of the bounty land law may he
extended to all who performed actual duty in any
war of the United States since 1776; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Orrfei p*?, That the petition of Erioaq Munson be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on ltevokitionaiy Claims.
On motion by Mr. SLiDELL, it wos
Ordered, That the memorial of William H. Henderson
be withdrawn trom the file-: of the Senate, and refeirod to
the Committee on Pnvate Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition 0i John Hudiy be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills from the House of Representatives, reported
them back without amendment, with a recommen-
dation that they pass:
"An act for the relief of Mary Deany;"
" An act for the relief of Aaron Stafford;" and
• " A" 10 Provide a pension for Silas Cham-
pion, of Genesee, State of New York."
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Fitzsimmons,
praying a pension, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of Hezekiali Johnson, of the
town of Bridgewater. in the State of Vermont, re-
ported it back without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following bills from the
House of Representatives, reported them back
without amendment, with a recommendation that
they pass:
" An act for the relief of Harriet Leavenworth,
widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General Leav-
enworth.,, *
" An act for the relief of William B. Edwards."
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Carlton, admin-
istratrix of Moses Carlton, a soldier in the revolu-
tionary war, praying a pension, submitted areport,
accompanied by a bill, for her relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the documents in the case of Leon-
ard Procter, praying a pension, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Benjamin S. Roberts, praying remuneration
for losses sustained in the Mexican war, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was ordered,
to be punted.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Commander G. J. Pendergrast, praying remune-
ration for expenses incurred for medicines and
medical aid, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of cer-
tain clerks in the Second Auditor's office, praying
an increase of compensation, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, on the
ground that one bill had been already passed for
their relief, and that another was now under the
consideration of a standing committee with the
same object m view; which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred the bill to re-
move obstiuctions to navigation in the mouths of
the Mississippi, at the Southwest Pass, and the
Pass a 1'Outre, reported it back with an amend-
ment m the form of a substitute.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked, and obtained, the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
constitute Cairo, in the State of Illinois, a port of
delivery; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a bill to provide for the survey of the
public lands in the Territory of New Mexico, and
j for other purposes; which was read a first and
11 second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
' | mittee on Public Lands.
| THE SAN FRANCISCO.
| On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
| ceeded to consider the message from the House
1 of Representatives announcing that they agreed to
passed to a second reading. The report was or- j the first and third, and disagreed to the second,
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John S. Wilson,
praying remuneration for a quantity of land pur-
chased of the United States, and of which he was
dispossessed, submitted a report, accompanied by
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
for the relief of the United States troops who
were sufferers by the recent disaster to the steam-
ship San Francisco.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate in-
sisted on their second amendment, and asked foe
