1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
me witfiess that we have had for our clerk a most |
onerous and burdensome service, and that he has j
performed his labors efficiently and ably. Iknow ;
that every member of that committee will bear j
witness to this, it is true he did not commence ;
with us at the beginning of the session; he com- j
menced some time in January; but it is equally :
true that he found the major part of the business 1
untouched, and that he was compelled to go into ]
the investigation of cases which had been referred '
to us at the beginning of the session. I do not
wish to make invidious comparisons, but I will '
say that that committee required there should be ;
a lawyer of capacity to investigate legal questions. ;
Such a clerk I found; and I do him no'more than
justice when I say he ought to be paid from the
commencementof thesession. If the other commit-
tee clerks have labored as he has labored, and with
the intelligence and capacity he has, they ought |
to be paid for that extra time. 1 know some have i
been employed only a month or two, and ought j
not to be paid from the commencement of the ses-
sion. Our files will show the number of cases
which have been examined and reported upon by
the Committee on Private Land Claims; and I
presume they are no more than from any other
committee, but they show the faithfulness of our
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I will not detain
the Senate for a minute, but I desire to call their |
attention to the fact that, at the close of the last .
session, it was distinctly understood that no extra i
compensation would be given to the employees of |
the Senate. These clerks were employed at four J
dollars a day. The Senate, by a resolution since
that time, have agreed to give them five dollars '
a day, and twenty per cent, upon that, which
amounts to six dollars a day. Not content
with that, they desire to go back and receive com-
pensation before their services commenced. 1
think it is time to put a stop to it. When you !
make a contract with clerks, why not require them
to abide by it, as we abide hy our contract to '
take eight dollars a day? I saw no propriety in 1
giving the increased pay which we have already
agreed to give; and I can see still less propriety i
in paying for services never rendered. If we
pay them six dollars a day from the time they |
commenced their services, I think it is enough,
and I can see no propriety in paying them for the |
time when they were at home or here seeking em-
ployment. I hope the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana will not be adopted, and that the
resolution, as offered by the Senator from South
Carolina may be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have directed me to report
a bill "to establish certain additional post roads."
It is to provide for three or four post routes, which
are not in the general bill, and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider it at this
time.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice by its title, and considered as m Committee
of the Whole.
The Secretary was about to read the bill through.
Mr. RUSK, (interposing.) There is no use in
reading the bill through. It is simply to provide
for three or four post routes which were omitted i
in the general bill, as I have already said.
There being no objection, the reading of the bill
was dispensed with.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. With the consent of
the Senator from Texas, I move to amend the bill
by adding the following post route in Iowa:
From Fort Madison, by West Point and Big Mound, to
Keosaugua, in Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate, as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. RUSK. The Committeeon the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives, further to
amend the act entitled " An act to i educe and mod-
ify the rates of postage in the United States, and
for other purposes, passed March 3, 1851, have
instructed me to report it back with amendments.
It is an important bill, and must go to the House
to-day or to morrow, or it may fail altogether. It
is designed to operate upon the revenues of the
Department, and I hope it will be consideied at
once.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
The first amendment of the committee was a
verbal one, to strike out " on" and insert " in."
The next amendment was to insert after the
provision requiring all letters to be prepaid, the
toilowiiig:
Except upon letters and packages addressed to officers
of the Government on otficidl business, which shall be so
marked upon the envelope.
The next amendment was to strike out " such
prepayment shall be by stamps," and insert "the
Postmaster General may require postmasters to
place post office stamps upon all prepaid letters
upon which such stamps may not have been
placed by the writers."
The next amendment was in the second section
to strike out of the provision making it a penal
offense for any person to seil stamps or stamped
envelopes for more than their value, the words:
" For any larger sum than that indicated upon the face
or'such slump or stamped envelope,5' and insert in iteu
thereof, " for any larger sum than tllatcharged therefor by
the Post Office Department.''
The amendments of the committee were agreed
to.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the reading of the bill
as amended, and it was accordingly read.
It proposes to fix the following scale of postages;
For every single letter in manuscript, or paper
of any kind in which information shall be asked
for or communicated in writing, or by marks or
signs, conveyed m the mail for any distance be-
tween places in the United States not exceeding
three thousand miles, three cents; and for any dis-
tance exceeding three thousand miies, ten cents.
For every such letter or paper when conveyed
wholly or in part by sea, and to or from a foieign
country, for any distance not exceeding three
thousand miles, the ocean postage shall be five
cents; and for any distance exceeding three thou-
sand miles, such ocean postage shall be ten cents,
(excepting, however, all cases where such post-
ages have been, or shall be, adjusted at different
rates by postal treaty or convention already con-
cluded or hereafter to be made.)
For a double letter there shall be charged double
the rates specified; and for a treble letter, treble
those rates; and for a quadruple letter, quadruple
those rates; and every letter or parcel not exceed-
ing half an ounce m weight shall be deemed a
single letter; and every additional weight of half
an ounce, or additional weight of less than half an
ounce, shall be charged with an additional single
postage; and upon all letters passing through or
in the mail of the United States, excepting such
as are from a foreign country, the postages as
above specified shall be prepaid, except upon let-
ters and packages addressed to officers of the Gov-
ernment on official business, which shall be so
marked on the envelope. And from and after the
1st day of January, 1855, the Postmaster General
may require postmasters to pi ace post office stamps
upon all prepaid letters upon which such stamps
may not have been placed by the writer. i
And all drop-letters, or letters placed in any
post office not for transmission through the mail,
but for delivery only, shall be charged with post-
age at the rate of or\£ cent each; and all letters
which shall hereafter be advertised as remaining
over, or uncalled for, in any post office, shall be
charged with one cent each, in addition to the
regular postage; both to be accounted for as
other postages now are.
It also provides that it shall not be lawful for
any postmaster or ottier person to sell any postage
stamps or stamped envelopes for any larger sum
than that charged therefor by the Post Office De-
partment; and any person who shall violate this
provision shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and, on conviction, shall be fined m any
sum not less than ten, nor more than five hundred
dollars. The act is to take effect and be in force
from and after the commencement of the next
fiscal quarter after its passage.
Mr. BRIGHT. I dislike very much to object
to anything proposed by the honorable Senator
from Texas, and particularly in
matter about
which he seems to feel so much interest as about
this; but I am not at all satisfied as to the pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. RUSK. Then I move to postpone its
further consideration until to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM WOODBURY.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com- •
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the 1
joint resolution from the House of Representa- I
tives " directing the accounting officeis of the M
Treasury to adjust the accounts of William Wood-
bury, late pension agent at Portland, in Maine,"
to report it back without amendment, and to ask
that it be put at once upon its passage. I will
say that it is recommended by the Commissioner
of Pensions; and the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] who is now out of his seat, has it par-
ticularly at heart that it should be passed at this
session. I ask, therefore, that it be acted on at
once. It will occupy no time.
There being no objection, theSenate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
joint resolution. _
It is designed to authorise the Secretary of the
Treasury to adjust the accounts of William
Woodbury, laU pension agent, and credit him
with the entire amount paid to the heirs of Keziah
Hartshorne, deceased.
Mr. Woodbury, as pension agent at Portland,
pursuant to the directions of the Commissioner of
Pensions, dated January 20,1849, placed the name
of Keziah Hartshorne, deceased, upon the pension
roll for revolutionary services; and,subsequently,
upon the presentation of the pension certificate,
paid the amount therein specified to be due, to the
heir of Keziah Haitshorne, deceased. On the set-
tlement of his accounts at the Treasury, for the
first quarter of 1849; the amount of two years of
the pension included in that certificate, from the
4th of March, 1841, to the 4th of March, 1843v
was disallowed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, on the ground that there was no law
allowing a pension for those two years.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MASON. I now ask the Senate to take
the vote on my motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of Executive business.
Several Senators. Let us make reports. ■
Mr. MASON. 1 have a drawer full of reports
myself, but my public duty requires me to insist
on my motion to proceed to the consideration of
Excutive business.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the leave of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, I wish to make a single remark.
I am reluctant at any time to interfere with the
ordinary course of business, but I rise to request
the Senate, before they adjourn to-day, to pass an
order to meet at half past ten o'clock to-morrow
morning, for the pupose of affording me half an
hour to make some explanations. This will not
retard the business at all. If Senators do not all
choose to leave their committee rooms, and come
to the Senate Chamber at that time, it will not be
material; the reporters will be here, and I do not
care about an audience. It is a matter of import-
ance to me, and I trust the Senate will concede
that courtesy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
I is on the motion of the Senator from Texas, that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet at half-past ten o'clock to-morrow morning,
for the purpose of enabling him. to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business. •
Mr. STUART. On that question I shall ask
for the yeas and nays, with a view, if the Senate
refuse to go into Executive session, of asking
them to proceed to the consideration of the river
and harbor bill.
Mr. MASON. I asked for the yeas and nays
myself, when I first made the motion, and I have
no objection to having them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 31; as follows:
