2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31.
4
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Brodhead, Butler,
Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatnck, Gwin,
Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Uockwell,
Ru^k, Toombs, and Toueey—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bright,
Brown, Uiiase, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Pratt, Se-
bastian, Seward, Slide!!, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, WalRer, and
Weller—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
BETSEY NASH MRS. BATCHELDER.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to report back the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of Betsey
Nash, with an amendment. She is a poor and
very aged woman. The bill appropriates a small
amount which she has been seeking here for six-
teen years, and I am requested to report the bill
back, with a slight amendment reducing the
amount. As there is no probability that she will
live until the next session, X ask for the consider-
ation of the bill now.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask the Senator from
New York what is |jpe character of the pension ?
Mr. SEWARD. Half pay for the services of
her husband, who was in the war of 1812.
Mr. CLAY. Did he die in the war?
Mr. SEWARD. He died of wounds received
in the war.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Betsey Nash, of Stockbridge, in the
county of Madison, State of New York, upon
the list of half pay pensioners, as the widow of
Doctor Sylvester Nash, at the rate of twenty-two
dollars per month, to commence from January 1,
1831, and to continue for ten years.
The amendment of the committee, which was
to strikeout" ten years, "and insert" five years,"
was agreed to.
Mr, ADAMS. I move to amend the bill by
adding, as additional sections, the bill for the re-
lief of Mrs. Batcheider.
Mr. STUART. Is that in order?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that it is. This is a pension bill, and the Chair
understands the amendment to be, to give a pen-
sion to Mrs. Batcheider.
Mr. STUART. I have understood that on a
private bill of this character, it was not in order
to move another private bill as an amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is often done. The
Chair is of opinion that it is in order.
Several Senators. Read the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sue. —. Jliill be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to the
widow of Jam*:* C. Batcheider, who was killed at Boston
on tin' atjth ol May, while assistnifi: the Unitf'd States I
marshal for the rii.stm-t of Massachusetts in executing a |
law ot Congress', the sum of $3,000, out of any money in
the Treasury uuapjiiopnatcd. {
S )■: r. —, Jjiu] he it further enacted. That the said sum ■
shall be held by her in trust, and shall inure solely to the |
benefit of said widow and her child, or children; and no
sale, transfer or mortgage of the same, in prejudice of said
trust, prior or subsequent to the passage of this act, shall be -
valid. i
Mr. STUART. We have had notice from !
several Senators that they intend to discuss this (
question at length. It opens the whole slavery j
Mr. FOOT. ' I ask for the reading of the re-
port in the case of the original bill.
' The report was read, from which it appears
that, in the summer of 1814, a draught of militia
was called for the defense of the northern frontier,
and that Sylvester Nash volunteered as a private
soldier, under the command of Major Ehphalet
Hodfjkiss, and marched to Sackett's Harbor.
While at that place it was very sickly; and being
a physician, he was requested by the officers to
attend the sick, (there being no surgeon among
the volunteers,) which service he performed, and
for which he received no compensation, except as
a private soldier. After his return home, he re-
ceived a warrant as surgeon to Colonel Erastus
Cleveland's regiment of detached militia, and re-
paired again to Sackett's Harbor, and discharged
the duties of physician until about the 20th of Oc-
tober, when he was attacked with dysentery,
which continued upon him the remainder of the
time he was in the service, and for about six
months after; and he was unable to attend to his
profession or perform any labor for a year, when
he was attacked with chronic rheumatism, which
continued in a severe manner about six months;
and, from that period to the present, he has been
aftected with a weakness in the small of his back
and kidneys, disabling the lower extremities so
as to unfit him almost entirely for pursuing any
kind of business. He applied to the War De-
partment for a pension, but his claim was objected
to, on the ground that he was mustered and re-
turned as a well man; which he explains, by say-
ing that the orders of the muster-master required
every man who could walk to appear on parade
for mustering; and that, though very feeble, he
was then able to walk, and appeared accordingly,
and was mustered; but the department thought
the case not coming within the rules prescribed,
and finally rejected it, with a recommendation
that he apply to Congress. There was ample evi-
dence as to the service and disability, leaving no
doubt on the minds of the committee as to the
propriety of the allowance to his widow.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I call for the reading of
the views of the committee in the case provided
for by the amendment.
The Secretary accordingly read the following
papers:
Views of Mr. Jones, of Iowat Mr. Clay, and Mr. Wil-
liaMS, of the Committee on Pensions, on a resolution oj
the Senateinstructmg them to inquire into the expediency
of granting a pension to the widow of James Batcheider,
of Massachusetts, who was killedwhile assisting the United.
States marshal to execute a law of Congress.
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Senate instructing them to inquire into
the expediency of granti ng a pension to the widow of James
Batcheider of Massachusetts, recently killed while agist-
ing the United States marbhal to execute a law of Congress,
beg leave to report:
The facta of this case, so far as they have come to the
Knowledge of your committee, aie these:
On the 2f>th of May last, 1Bo4, a negro named Anthony
Burns was arrested in the city of Boston, by the Unitad
States marshal for the district of Massachusetts, upon a
warrant issued by the United States commissioner for the
said city, under the provisions of laws of Congress ap-
proved September 12, 1793, under the administration of
General Washington, and September 18,18.50, for the re-
clamation of fugitives from labor. He was claimed as a
slave by a citizen of the State of Virginia, and was arrested
and held with a view to an examination before the said
commissioner, according to law. While in the custody of
the United States marshal, and confined and guaided by
said marshal and a ^mall force of deputiee, in a room of the
court house in the city aforesaid, a violent attack, with a
agitation from beginning to end; and if we raise \ \ view to liis rescue, was made upon the court-house by a
.V ,    *  a M ftinoti/i and lamliicomtih A ftt*r fan vora I fi ftpm rit«. flu* n tfftr*lr_
that question, we cannot pass any appropriation
bills at this session. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill and amendment until
to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken
•with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Bright,
Ca^, Oha*!*, Clayton, Dodge of Iowa, Geyer, Gillette,
Rockwell, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Biodhead, Brown,
Butler, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Douglas, Evans, Fessenden, Fi%h, Fitzpatrick, Foot, G win,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones, of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pettit. Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shdell, Thompson, of Kentucky,
Thomson, of New Jersey,Toombs, Toueey. and Weller—
36.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I now ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
fanatic and lawless mob. After several attempts, the attack-
ing party succeeded in battering down one ot the principal
doors of the court-house, and effected an entrance, armed
with clubs, axesj pistols, &tc. Thoy were resisted by the
marshal and his force, and, after a desperate stiuggh-, driven
from the building. In this struggle James Batcheider, one
of the small but resolute force under the marshal, became
a sacrifice to his devotion to his duty, under the laws, of his
country. The verdict of the coroner's jury was a* follows :
"That on the96tliof May, about forty five minutes past
nine o'clock, p. in., while James C. Batcheider was em-
ployed. with others, by Watson Freeman, E^q., United
States marshal, as an assistant m defending: one of the west
enuancesof the court-house in the city ot Boston, from the
assaults of a mob, he received a wound in the left gioin, sev-
ering the femoral artery, which caused his death, and that
said wound was inflicted by a long, narrow, and sharp in-
strument in the handb of some one of the persons engaged
in the assault, to the jurors unknown, &e., &c.
By this act of violence the widow of Batcheider is de-
prived of a husband and piotecfor. The question is as to
thepropnety of granting her a pension, in view of the cir-
cumstances attending the death of her husband. The Senate
need not be told that the case does not come within the pro-
visions of any general law of Congress. But it cannot be
denied that the practice of the Government has seemed to
recognize an analogy in cases of this character to those pro-
vided for in the general statutes, and that ithas been deemed
" expedient "to acknowledge and reward distinguished and
patriotic services, though rendered in the discharge of du-
ties not of a military character, but involving hardship and
hazard. In numerous instances has Congress rewarded
such services to the individuals rendering them, or by acts
of gratuity to the widows and orphans of those whose livos
were sacrificed therein. As early in our history as 1794,
the sum of $2,000 was voted to the widow of Robert For-
syth, marshal of Georgia, who was killed in the discharge
of his duty. In 1820, the sum of $500 was granted to the
widow of John Heap, of Baltimore, "who was beset by
ruffians and murdered " while carryfetg the United States
mail. And in 1844, a pension was granted, for life, to an
Indian woman of the Creek nation, for her interference (o
save the lives of prisoners condemned to death by her peo-
ple. Instances are not rare upon our statute books in which
pensions, sums of money, lands, or other manifestations of
the public gratitude have been bestowed for services ren-
dered by public officers and private citizens not connected
with the military establishment of the country; but enough
have been cited to show the scope of congressional action
in the reward of meritorious services, and to show further
that the expediency and propriety of expressing the obliga-
tions of the public, in some appropriate manner, has been
recognized and practiced upon by the Government in cases
where the services and sacrifice have not been more re-
markable than in the instance now under consideration.
But the analogy of this case to that of the soldier who is
provided for under the general statutes, may be made more
apparent by noting two facts: First, that under the general
laws the revenue police of the countiy, " when acting in
cooperation with the Navy or Army," have been granted
pensions, "in the same manner, and to the same extent;"
second, that had any of the United States troops, employed
in conjunction with the marshal's forcc, (of which Batch-
elder was one,) at Boston, to aid the execution of the law
and preserve the peace, been disabled, his case would have
found ample provision in the general pension laws. It
would be difficult to define the distinctions of position or
obligation which would in equity demand a pension in the
case of the soldier, and refuse it in the case of a marshal,
both being employed under contract with the Government,
and under oath to support the Constitution and the laws,
and engaged in the same service, and exposed to the same
dangers.
But, again, if there is merit in the soldier's sacrifices and
heroism in detcrise ot the honorand security of his country
against a foreign enemy, there is none the less of merit in
the patriotism and courage of the public officer who offers
up his lvfe in defense of the majesty of the law, against the
violent assaults of a domestic foe. *
But there are further and peculiar considerations which
weigh with your committee in favor of a recognition of the
merits and patriotism of the services of Batcheider, in ren-
dering which he lost his life. He was engaged at the time
in assisting to execute a lawof Congress—a law which but
makes provisions for carrying out and sacredly maintaining
one of the express obligations of the Constitution. It is
well known that, under, the peculiar municipal regulations
of at least one half of the Slates of this Union, (a state of
things which existed, was recognized, and guaranteed, in
the organization of the Government,) obedience to the law,
and a faithful observance of the requirement of the Con-
stitution respecting the rendition of fugitives from labor, is
an absolute necessity to the harmony, peace, and perpetuity
of the Confedei ucy.
Under these circumstances,ithas become necessary asa
security to property, and to allay agitation and quietsectionai
misgivings; to assure the whole country of the determina-
tion of the General Government to faithfully adhere to the
compromises of the Constitution, and of its ability to pro-
tect and secure the rights of all as guaranteed by that in-
strument. And it becomes the duty of Congress, m some
emphatic way, to express its approval of the public officer,
who, true to his oath and his duty, fearlessly executes the
lawof the land. One most appropriate means of doing
this, and, at the same time, discharging a public obligation,
will be to reward the services of Batcheider to his bereaved
widow. While the committee deplore the existence of a
spint of riot and insubordination, and of a disregard of all
the duties of citizenship, and especially the valuable life
that has been sacrificed to it, they cannot but congratulate
the Union upon the fact that the people of Massachusetts,
her citizen soldiery, and her public officers are, as ever,
ready to rally to sustain the supremacy of law,%nd vindi-
cate the honorand the devotion to the Constitution and the
Union of that glorious old Commonwealth. The conduct
of the United States marshal and his deputies, the mayor
and police of Boston, and the citizen and regular soldiery
upon this occasion, was worthy of all praise; and the com-
mittee regard it both a pleasure and a duty to commend
their promptness to obey the call of duty, their firmness,
moderation, and prudence, by which alone consequences
the most deploiable were arrested, and the law executed
with so little sacrifice of life and property.
After due deliberation, the committee have preferred, in
this case, to acknowledge the obligations of the country
to the widow of the deceased Batcheider, not in the form
of an annual pension, but by granting to her a sum ade-
quate to a provision for her future support, if invested and
husbanded with proper prudence and economy. They
herewith report a bill for which they ask the favorable con-
sideration of the Senate.
GEO. W. JONES, of Iowa,
C. C. CLAY. JR.,
JARED W. WILLIAMS.
Views of My. Sumner and Mr. Seward.
The under&igned, a minority of the Committee on Pen-
sions, cannot concur with the majority of the committee
in reporting a bill for the relief of the widow of the late
James Batcheider. They also dissent from the report ac-
companying the bill, winch,however, is understood not to
proceed from a majority of the committee.
In granting pension*, or bounties of a kindred nature, it
has been the habit of the committee to lequire evidence of
all essential facts and circumstances; not, indeed, accord-
