1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
had better confine the reporting to one paper, and
place that upon such footing as that it can live,
and perpetuate the records of the Senate. I have
no objection to the reference of the resolution to
the Committee on Printing; and if itbeso referred,
I pledge myself to investigate it thoroughly, and
endeavor to do ample justice to all parties, k is
from no prejudice or prepossession for or against
any paper, that I have expressed myself m the
way I have done. The one which i intimate
should be selected is the permanent reporter of
this body. That paper has no connection with
politicians or politics. It is laboring for the com-
pensation which it receives for the reporting, and
to rear up for itself a reputation as a faithful and
carefully prepared record of Congressional pro-
ceedings.
These remarks I have deemed it proper to
make, in answer to what was said by the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. GVVlN. I desire to amend the motion
which I nftnde to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Printing, so as to instiuctthem to report
on the expediency of abolishing all contiacts for
reporting the proceedings of the Senate, except
that made with the Congressional Globe.
Air. BRIGHT, I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and to the reference. I consider that a
refeienceof the resolution to the committee would
defeat it. The honorable Senator from Alabama
speaks about the expense resulting from three
■reporters. This body pays but one reporter; and
he is paid through the compensation allowed to
the Globe, as I am informed, at least. I see no
reporter for the Union seated m that desk as here-
tofore. If i am correct, then the only reporting
done here is paid for by the Ulobe, mid the
reports of the Globe- are carried into the Union.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Do 1 understand the
statement of the Senator from Indiana, to be that
the Union newspaper is not paid for onr lepomng?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is paid so much per column,
but nothing extra for reporting.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The price received by
the Globe*per column, if I am coirectly informed
by the Secretary, is received by the Union. Ami
1 right in that, Mr. Dicknis?
Mr. BRIGHT. The Union and the Globe aie
now paid the compensation contempl.iwM by the
original resolution; nothing moie. What they
receive is so much per column.
Mr. PiTZPATRlCK. I understand that to
be the fact with all the papers. I mean by re-
porting receiving so much per column; and I
undertake to say that the Union receives the same
compensation as theG'obe re< eives.
Mr. BRIGHT. The tfenatoi is correct in that.
Now, Mr. President, the object of my resolution
is nothing more than (his: to give the editors of
the Sentinel newspaper the same compensation,
for publishing our debates and proceedings, as
has hitherto been paid, and is now being paid to
other papers in this city.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand from the
Senator from Indiana that the Union and the
Globe receive the same compensation ?
Mr. BRIGHT. They do.
'Mr. D\WSON. And your information is,
that the Union copies the proceedings from the
Globe?
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand that to be the
fact, but I heg leave to be understood as not cen-
suring or complaining of this course.
Mr. DAWSON. That is all I wanted to as-
certain.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very sorry that the de-
bate has assumed the shape it has. It may be
construed into hostility to one paper and partiality
for another. I can say, however, in all sincerity,
with the honorable Senator from Alabama, that I
hove neither prejudice nor partiality in this case.
I ivm for meting out even-handed justice to all
parties interested, and as we have elected a printer
to this body, who is the publisher of a daily paper
of general circulation, in justice to him, so long
as we continue, to publish our proceedings, we
ought to give him the same privilege that we have
given the proprietors of (he Globe and Union If
we are not prepared to treat him and his readers
with that respect, I would advise him to resign
. the position which he occupies as an officer of
th's body.
There is no foice, Mr. President, to my mind,
in the argument that we are extending this service
beyond the wants of the community; each of these
papers have different readers. It is to the papers
of the capital the public look for a full and accu-
rate report of our doings, and the additional ex-
penditure resulting from selecting a third channel
of communication is insignificant compared to the
convenience and advantage resulting from it. I
would be far from appropriating money to any
such object, if the only end to be attained was a
pecuniary benefit to those we employ. We have
no right (let our private feelings be what they
may) to apply the public funds from any such
considerations. I approve a reasonable expendi-
ture of public money for the object indicated in the
resolution before us, believing the public get value
received for it.
From what has been said by the honorable
Senator from California, and the honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama, one might infer that this was
an issue made between the Union and Sentinel.
No such issue was intended by me. If my reso-
lution had proposed to accept the offer of the pro-
prietors of the latter, and refuse that of the former,
then there would have been some ground for such
an mfeience; but it does no such thing. It was
to avoid any such imputation, and to place both
on an equal footing, believing at the same time,
the public interest would be subserved by so
doing, that loifeied the resolution under consid-
eration, andl must be permitted to say that I am
surprised to see opposition from the quarter it
comes. As to a reference of it to the Committee
on Printing, I am utterly opposed. Theje are
but two membeis of that committee present. One
of them, the honorable Senator from Alabama,
has already avowed his opposition to the employ-
ment of moie than one reporter, and his argument
would justify the belief that he was opposed to
printing generally.
Mr. PfTZPATRICK. I said I was for having
but one reporter.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator's view,
he will permit me to say, is behind the age. That i
argument would have answeied a quaiter of a j
century ago; but the honorable Senator is opposed ;
to my proposition; and therefore I do not consent '
to send it to be cared for by us enemies. How [
the Chan man of that commi'tce, the Senator from j
Arkansas, views this matter, I know not, but I i
hope in a more friendly light than the honotable j
Senator from Alabama. I doubt not he does; but j
I should object to a reference, under the circum- '
stances, if 1 knew a favorable report would follow, j
because it isa plain, smipleproposition,and need*, .
no explanation from any one. Every Senator is j
as well piepated to say now whether he will or j
will not make the Sentinel the equal of the Union, !
so far as regards its relationship to this body, as j
he will be after the Committee on Printing shall |
have leported. [
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt the Senator
from Indiana wishes to do justice to the Union, so
far as he is concerned, and I wish to see justice
done to them all, so far as I am concerned. The
Union has its reporters here. We will correct
that at once; but as to the manner in which they
discharge the duties that are imposed upon them
as reporters here I have nothing to say, though I
have heard the manner in which they do discharge
their duties questioned. With reference to the
pioposition of the Senator from Indiana, I have
to say that it strikes me as eminently just and
j equal. If we give the reporting and piintmg of 1
11 the debates of this body to the Union, it is notlnng
| more than fair and just that they should be given
| to the Sentinel also. If, sir, the public desire
! neither, let them both be stricken out.
Mr. GWIN. I am in iavor of that.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I am to vote for the reten-
tion of the one, I shall certainly vote for the estab-
lishment of the other; but if 1 am called upon to
| reject one, I shall certainly advocate the rejection
of the other. The Union has it. The validity of
the contract with that paper is a matter which I
see is questioned seriously upon this floor; so that
some seem to regard it as scarcely having a con-
tract at all—that there is no validity m the con-
tract. The other, which is the recognized organ—
as printei—of the body by our own election here,
asks that it may have it, and report the proceed-
ings of the body.
There is yet another consideration, and that is
this: If it be just to go on and give the printing
of the proceedings and debates of the body to two
Democratic papers, where is the justice, if it be
demanded, of refusing to give it t,o a paper of the
Whig party? 1 shall feel myself equally bound,
in all fairness r.ndjustice, to the other side of this
body, if application be made upon the part of a
Whig journal to print the proceedings, to support
the proposition, and to give it the punting also.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Such a proposition is be-
fore the Senate?
Mr. JOHNSON. What proposition?
Mr. BRODHEAD. A proposition to pay the
Intelligencer.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Intelligencer declined
to continue the reporting, but may renew it again,
if it is profitable to the Sentinel, I conceive it
would be so to any paper; and the question re-
solves itself into this: do we need any other paper
of this city to print our reports other than the one
which has had the whole contract for reporting,
and has discharged its duty so well to tins body
and the other branch of Congiess? If we do, it
seems to me clear at once, m accordance with
justice and good sense, that the papers of both
political parties m the city should ail have a chance
if they make the application. I see no other
way to proceed in order to do justice.
i have been recently placed upon the Committee
on Printing, and that is my excuse for joining in
this debate at all, particularly as this resolution
has not been before the committee since I have
been a member of it.
The Senator from Indiana says the reference of
the resolution 'to the Committee on Piinting will
be the death of it. I assuie him that, if it goes
befoie that committee, it will meet with no preju-
dice on my part, either for or against it; but it
v, ill meet with a simple disposition, to evolve and
establish some principle by which the whole mat-
ter may be disposed of justly.
I call the attention of the Senate to another
matter. Before I was a rnembei of the Committee
on Printing, 1 offered a resolution—and {subse-
quently investigated the subject to a very consid-
erable extent—as to whether the Globe newspa-
per was receiving a sufficient compensation. One
of the members of thatccmnnttee, [Mr. Hamlin,)
who was disposed to leave it, was anxious that I
should take his pla^e; but i could not accede
to the solicitation until thev had disposed of the
ie--olution which 1 had offered on that subject.
The investigation which I originated has been
disposed of by the committee. Their report was
made before the former chairman of the commit-
tee jesigned his place; and it is now upon your
tables for consideration. With the consideration
of the question of increased compensation to the
Globe, which every one certainly will be anxious
to sustain, must necessarily come up the con-
sideration of all the expenditures that ane involved
in repoitmg and printing the debates of this body.
To consider this resolution, therefore, now, and
thus to settle the question, will hardly be fair to
the subject, for it embraces but a very small part
of it. It is impossible to act upon this resolution,
with justice to youiselvesand the subject, without
having the whole case before us. This I respect-
fully submit to the Senate. I do not advocate the
reference of the resolution to the Committee on
Printing; but if it is thought better to refer it, 1
have no objection to do what is my duty in regard
to it. Yet I maintain, that all these resolutions,
and the report of the Committee on Printing, m
regard to the necessity of increasing the compen-
1 sation to the Globe, should be considered at the
same time, so that some permanent settlement of
the matter may be made by which it shall be de-
tei mined that both of these papers (the Union and
the Sentinel) shall be appointed to report and print
the debates of the body, or that both shall be re-
jected from that service. 1 do not know that I am
light in those views, but it seems to methatl am.
There is another question, one of fact, and to
that I call the attention of the Senate. The fact
is this: I do not know but that it is snpereroga-
; tion to call the attention of the Senate to it at all,
i for it is notorious to every one; and it is uttered
! by me in no unkindness towaid any one. The
1 printing that is done outside the columns of the
Globe, m the shape of printing the reports of the
| pioccedings and debates for this body, whether
done m the Union, or done formerly in the Intel-
j ligencer, or any other paper, is veiy geneially
1 done with reference to profit, and not with refer-
! cnce to the occasion, and to epeedy, immediate,
