1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
direct, and correct execution of their task. That
is so. It is notorious that the Globe, working
night and day, constantly and incessantly, keep-
ing full bodies of reporters and of type-setters
ready, whether ihey have services to perform and
are furnished with matter by the reports of our
proceedings and debates or not, brings out the
matter the next day in almost every solitary in-
stance; and it is a very common thing that a Sen-
ator rises here, and makes a speech, and by the
time he gets down into the city, he has a printed
copy of it in his hands ready to read.
That is the manner in which the reporting is
done for that paper; but the speed with which the
reports are got out, as a necessary consequence,
coerces and compels the propuetor to go into a
very heavy disbursement of money. It is noto-
rious again,on the otherhand,that when the pub-
lic papers and daily journals undertake this kind
of service, days elapse before you see any pai ti-
de of the report, and the reporters that they em-
ploy here are useless, so far as any necessity exists
for them, because they may give a full repoit.and
that too corrected by Senators themselves, if they
will go to the columns of the Globe. Thut they
do go (here I do not allege, because I know that
the Union has it# reporters; but 1 know also that
I have heard the allegation that, in many instances,
from the extraordinary similarities of the repot ts,
they must have gone theie. I know also that
they have their reporters; and, in one instance,
when 1 called for my own remarks, they made an
accurate leport of them.
But, sn , it is notnj ious that the reports of these
papers do not come up to (he expectations of this
body, and meet the call for them irom the public,
and that the reports of the debates of the body
go foith to ihe woild thriutgh the columns of the
Globe. It is the received and recognized organ,
and it is the one to wiieh Senators go for the pur-
pose of correcting their speeches, it is the legit-
imate and authorized enunciation of the debutes
that take place upon this floor. Whether it is
necessary,or right, orappropriate, that we should
continue the publication ifr the Union, I do not
know; but satisfied am I that if it is proper to con-
tinue it, we should continue to publish in the whole
of them; and if the Intelligencer, or the Whig
organ should come in, I should feel bound to say
that they should have their reporters upon this
floor, as well as the others.
Mr. BRIGHT. I merely desire to say, in reply
to the Senator from Arkansas, that it is my inten-
tion, when the Sentinel shall be placed upon an
equal footing with the other papers, to introduce a
resolution devolving upon the committee, of which
that Senator is chairman, the duty of seeking to
systemize the reports of our proceedings here.
Until, however, the Sentinel is placed upon an
equal footing with the other papers, I shah not
make the motion. After the Senate shall have
voted on my resolution, and adopted it, ;\s I have
no doubt tney wili, i promise that I will offer a
resolution left-mng the entire subject to the Com-
mittee on Printing; and, from what the Senator
say^, I have no doubt we shall get n fair report.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the Senator
a question. It is questioned whether the Union
newspaper has any contiact at all by which it has
a right to call for pay. Of course, gentlemen will
nut refuse to pay for its services, as far as they
have gone. We know that, without any kind of
doubt, they wili be paid for, whether the services
are contracted for or not; but the matter ought to
be investigated and determined, and they either
sh mid not be permitted to go on at ail, or should
he permitted to go on with power to draw pay.
But the question which 1 desire to ask the Senator
is, if, while the matter rests in that attitude, we
should order a contract to be made with the Sen-
tinel, will it any longer rest in our power—will the
editor so frame the contract—to dispense with the
whole of them?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is in the power of the Senate
to dispense with all the contracts. They are on
the table, and can be read. They are at the will
of the Senate, and the parties can be dismissed at
any time. The order of" the Senate would dismiss
them all this morning. There can be no objection
on that score.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I agree with what the two
Senators, who have just spoken, have said. I
think we ought to put the Sentinel upon an equal
footing with the other papers, i do not concur
in the idea that we should have three reporters.
I think theie should be but one corps of reporters,
and that that corps should be under the direction
of the Globe, as it now is; and that the other
papers should copy their repoits from it. There
would be many advantages resulting from that
course. If we have three corps of reporters, we
have a variance in their report, and a Sen&tor has
to correct three different copies, or be liable to
misconstruction in having wrong, unrevised copies
put in circulation.
I believe, therefore, one corps of reporters,
who would publish their reports the next morn-
ing, and then have them copied into the other
political papers of the city would be the best plan.
With that view, I shall vote to put the Sentinel
on an equality with the Union and ihe Intelli-
gencer. 1 shall then vote for the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, to refer the whole subject
for revision to the Committee on Printing, m
order to make such changes as they think proper.
To refuse to put our own printer on an equality
with the other political papers of the city, strikes
me as remarkable, i did not vote for that printer,
but I am not willing to give a vote he e that
would make us show an invidious distinction
against him, as would seem to be a mark of con-
demnation to the country; and especially as a
Democrat, I would nut do it, when we have not
hesitated to give the same printin'g to a Whig
paper. But 1 hold thntpolitics have nothingtodo
with the question. It is proper to put all on an
equality, and then adjust the pay and duties in
such a manner as we shall see proper, after the
report of the committee has been made.
Mr. GWIN. It must be evident to the Senate
that the proper course to puisue is to agree to the
motion which 1 have made, io refer the whole
subject to the Committee on Printing. I with-
draw the instructions which I added to that mo-
tion; but the whole question certainly should go
to that committee. I know the fact, and it is
known to all Senutois who have inquired into the
matter, that the conductor of the Globe is losing
now 50 a column by the printing of the repoits
of this body. I do not make my motion because
I wish to show any invidious distinction against
the printer of the Senate, nor do i wish to deprive
him of any legitimate profits of the reporting for
the Senate. Mr. President, there is no profit in
it. It is notorious, the fact cannot be disputed,
that the price we pay does not pay the expenses
of the reporting and printing. No paper m the
country is conducted on a more economical plan
than the Globe, and it is well known that the
conductor of that paper cannot pay his expenses,
and we cannot expect our printer to print the pro-
ceedings of the Senate, unless we anticipate giving
him a profit upon what he will do now at a loss.
1 am entirely opposed to continue adding to the
papers which are to report our proceedings. It is
peuectly well known that it is a losing business
to oil the papets. The Senator from Illinois refers
to the Intelligencer. Its editors get nothing from
us. They gave up their contract more than two
years ago, and tney have not received one dollar
from us since. I think their leports—their ab-
stract reports of our proceedings—are equal to any
that I have seen.
But L am clearly of opinion that the whole sub-
jectshouidgo to theCommitteeon Punting. Before
we appoint another paper to print our proceedings,
we ought to ascertain from the official report of that
committee, the true state of things in reference to
the papers that have been publishing our debates.
I do not wish to throw anything in the way of the
printer of the Senate. His journal is a well con-
ducted paper; and he should receive all the patron-
age which he is entitled to as the printer of this
body; but that is entirely outside of the reporting
and printing of the debates of the Senate. It is
not connected with the reporting at all. I think
the subject ought to be thoroughly examined by
the proper committee of the body, before we add
another large item to our expendituie, the amount
of which none can anticipate now. I withdraw
the instructions, but insist on the reference, and
ask for the yeas and nays upon the motion.
Mr. FITZPATRlCil. The argument of the
Senator from Indiana would imply that I had pre-
judged this question; and that it was from some
opposition to the Sentinel that I have interposed
resistance to his resolution. Now, it is due to me
to say that theie was no motion to refer the resolu-
tion to the committee when I addressed the Sen-
ate; and I was content that the Senate should dis-
pose of it without a reference. I was also per-
fectly willing to avow my opinion in reference to
the manner m which the reporting should be con-
ducted. I trust no gentleman would mistrust me
for a moment, and think that I would do other
than impartial and even-handed justice to all.
The editor of the Sentinel is a gentleman for whom
I have a high regaid; and, standing as he do#s,
as the printer of the Senate, I have been prepared,
at all times, to do him ample justice. But my
object is not to favor this or that individual. It is
to save the additional annual expenditure which {
believe to be unnecessary. { have sent for an es-
timate of the annual amount which it costs to do
our printing. If it is the sense of the Senate not
to refer the resolution to the Committee on --Print-
ing, I will present that estimate when I receive it.
1 want the Senate to know the-amount of addi-
tional unnecessary expense which it will throw
upon the Government.
The Whig paper of this city, if I am nQt incor-
lectiy informed, voluntarily abandoned its con-
tract som£ three years ago. Jt declined to make
the reports of the proceedings of the body, and
hence the editor was willing to be released from
the contract. The Union did the same thing at
the commencement of this session; but after the
paper got into new hands—the moving cause is
better known to them than to me, for I never
passed a word with the editor in my life—he pro-
posed to resume the contract. The subject was
referied to the Committee on Printing, but we did
not undertake to determine whether he could pro-
ceed with the reporting or not.
I repeal, it is not to favor this or that individual
that I have submitted these remarks; for, if the
question weie submitted to me to bestow eqnal
patronage upon all the papers, if 1 know myself,
I am prepared to mete out even-handed justice to
the Whig pnrty as well as to my party, in pro-
portion to their relative strength upon this floor;
hut I am not looking at that. I am going behind
it, and 1 want to protect the Treasury from a large
additional expense when there is no necessity for it.
J n reference to the Union—I was, perhaps, in
error m not noticing the fact before—it is boldly
chaiged that the Union has no reporters here.
Often as 1 have seen those two gentlemen there in
their seats, I declaie to the Senate that I did not
know which was for the Union, and which for
the Globe, until I inquired a few moments ago. T
understand that the gentleman furthest from me is
the reporter for the Union. I think my friend
from Indiana has done that paper injustice, for [
understand that their reporters have been here
regularly reporting all the time. In reference to
the accuracy of their reports, to which allusion
has been made by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] I cannot undertake to speak.
Whether the reports m the Union are made with
the same accuracy as those in the Globe, I will
not undertake to say, because I have never scru-
tinized them to ascertain the fact. So far as my
knowledge extends, the reports are accurate. As
to their time of publication, 1 cannot speak.
Mr. BROWN. I did not complain of the inac-
curacy of the reports in the Union, but of the
slowness of their publication.
Mr. FITZPATRlCfC. That may be the fact.
I am not, however, sufficiently informed to speak
in regard to it, for I have generally gone to the
Globe, and adopted the Globe in regard to any
remarks which i have made; and since I have been
in the Senate, I have had no cause to complain of
that.
if it is the pleasure of the Senate to act upon
the matter now, I will state in a few n\inutes the
expense of reporting. At the first session of
the Thirty-Second Congress, the Globe received
$1G,708 15, and at the second session $8,318 76,
making an aggregate of #25,026 91. The Union
received $15,84936 the long session, and $7,788 60
the short session, being an aggregate of $'23,637 96.
I understand the discrepancy results from the fact
that the length of the columns in the two papers is
different. In addition to that, we have furnished
a certain number of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix to Senators, at a cost of $7,416 for the
two sessions. Add these amounts together, and
it makes an expenditure of $58,080 87 for the two
sessions of a Congress; and to that it is now pro-
posed to add the amount—supposing the columns
