1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Sentinel to be about equal to tlie Globe—of
$25,000, which would make upwards of £80,000
for reporting for each Congress of two sessions.
If it be the sense of the Senate to enter into that
expenditure, I have discharged my duty. I trust
the Senate will not consider that 1 have obtruded
my opinion upon the Senate. If a motion had
been made at fiist to refer it to the Committee on
Printing, I would not have opened my mouth. I
■was willing that the Senate should dispose of it.
I entertain these opinions; I have not concealed
them. I am indisposed to have more than one
reporter for the body. I am willing to adopt the
paper which does not belong to either political
party, which we may hold responsible for accurate
and correct reports. I think I show my disinter-
estednes in that. I haveno prepossession for one
paper,.more than for another. I was, however,
disposed to disclose these facts to the Senate;and,
so far as I am concerned, if it is the sense of the
Senate to refer the matter to the Committee on
Printing, to investigate it, I will investigate the
subject, and come to as correct a conclusion as i
can.
Mr. HUNTER. If Senators are disposed to
take a vote now, I shall not submit the motion;
otherwise 1 must move that the Senate take up
the bill which has been returned from the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope we shall take the
vote; the matter is not so momentous a one, and
we all know something about this printing. I
think we are all prepared to vote to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on refer-
ring the resolution to the Committee on Printing;
and on that question the yeas and nays have been
called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. 1 have no disposition to enter
into the discussion of this subject now, if the Sen-
ator from Virginia wishes to submit his motion
to proceed to the consideration of the Executive
message; but before the question is taken I desire
to present my views upon the subject.
Mr. HUNTEEl. Then I hope the Senate will
permit me to make the motion to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
which I have mentioned.
The PRESIDENT. This resolution must first
be disposed of before such a motion can be enter-
tained.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. I hope we will proceed
with and dispose of this small affair.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senate will vote
upon the proposition. It has been fully discussed.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. Let us hear the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr, BRIGHT, f hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not press his motion, ifthe Senator from
Michigan desires to go on.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
not consider this mutter now. We have no right
to force its consideration at tins time, and I hope
its consideration will be postponed until to-mor-
row. 1 think sufficient has been already dis-
closed to justify its being; sent to a committee, at
least to prevent its being hastily passed upon by
the Senate, for we shall hereafter be called upon
to make large payments for the work that this
resolution may authorize to be done. I am per-
fectly satisfied now that there ought to be but one
reporter of the proceedings of the Senate; and I
hope, at any rate, that my friend from Indiana will
allow theresolution which has thus suddenly been
brought before us to he over until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. Let it lie over.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator from Iowa
wishes to be heard on this matter, of course I
will not object.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator from
Michigan does.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Michigan,
I understood, is ready to go on now.
Mr. STUART. I wish to be heard; but the
Senator from Virginia wishes to proceed to other
business. I therefore move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this resolution until to-mor-
row.
The question was put; and the President
decided it not to be agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to the
postponement.
The motion was agreed to
May 11,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Francis Meir have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
PETITION.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Riddle, of Boston, praying; the reimburse-
ment of expenses incurred by him as agent of the
American contributors to the Industrial Exhibi-
tion at London in 1851; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to submit the motion
that the vote on the passage of the bill which we
yesterday requested to be returned from the House
of Representatives, and which has been returned
this morning—the bill for the relief of David
Myerle—be reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be entered
on the Journal.
PRINTING PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 desire to move a recon-
sideration of the vote yesterday adopting the res-
olution authorizing the printing of thirty-seven
thousand five hundred copies of the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report.
Mr. GAVIN". Did the Senator vote in the
affirmative?
Mr. BRODHEAD. No division was had upon
the question, and I acquiesced in it.
Mr. GWIN. Has the Senator the right to 1
make the motion ? :
Mr. BRODHEAD. I acquiesced in the vote; !
and I believe the practice of the Senate is, that in
such a case a Senator has the right to submit the ;
motion. !
The PRESIDENT. Was the Senator from 1
Pennsylvania in the Chamber when the vote was !
taken, and did he acquiesce in the vote?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that ;
the Senator has the right to submit the motion; and !
the motion will be entered on the Journal. ■
AMENDMENT OP SENATE RULES.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu- ,
tion for consideration: !
Resolved, That hereafter, unless otherwise ordered, on I
bill, resolution, or other business?, icqmring to be commu- '
mealed to the House ot Representatives, shall be taken to j
that House by the Secretary until two days of actual |
session alter that on which the same shall have been passed ;
shall have intervened; but he shall then communicate j
every such bill, resolution, or other business to thai-House. '
TORTUGAS FORTIFICATIONS. j
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso- (
luuon; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: i
Rrsulvcd, That the Secretary of War be requested to
repoit to the Senate on the expediency of promptly com- 1
pietmg the fortifications at Toituyas and Key West.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO. j
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate I
proceeded to the reconsideuition of the bill making ;
a grant of land to the several States of the Union, j
for the benefit of indigent insane persons, which I
had been returned from the President of the United j
States, with his objections.
Mr. BADGER addressed the Senate, review- |
ing the several positions taken by the President;
in his veto message. [The speech will be found '>
in the Appendix.] \
Mr. BUTLER. I do not propose to deliver my i
views on this question just at this time. I
Mr. WELLER. If my fiiend from South
Carolina consent, I wiil move an adjournment.
Mr. BUTLER. I was about to say that I
should prefer to hear others; but as I intend to
submit my views on this subject in justification of
my vote at some time, I may perhaps as well do 1
it at this stage of (he debate. I will occupy per- j
haps an hour on this subject—not more. j
Mr. WELLER. It is not probable that the !
Senate will take up this subject for consideration
to-morrow, as to-morrow is private bill day, I j
shall insist on the Senate proceeding with private |
bills to-morrow. Therefore, with the consent of,
my friend from South Carolina, I will move that ,
the further consideration of this subject be post- 1
poned until Monday next.
Mr. FOOT. Remembering- that Monday has •
been assigned, by common consent, to the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] on another subject, I i
would suggest to the honorable Senator from Cali- i
I fornia so far to modify his motion as to fix Tues-
| day.
| Mr. WELLER. I understand that my friend
! from Michigan will not probably occupy theatten-
j tion of the Senate on Monday for more than an
j hour or an hour and a half. I move, therefore, to
; postpone this subject to Monday; but I will not
| call it up on that day until the Senator from Mich-
; igan has been heard, in accordance with the agree-
I ment or understanding of the Senate,
j «Mr. FOOT. Then I have no objection to the
motion to postpone until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 11, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
j by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury upon
the condition of banks; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
DAVID MYERLE.
_,The SPEAKER. The Senate passed a bill for
the relief of David Myerle, which came to the
House yesterday. They, however, subsequently
sent us a message requesting the withdiawal of
the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the Clerk be
directed to return the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have great confidence in
the justice of that claim, and 1 hope, under the
circumstances, the bill will be returned.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the Clerk was
directed to return the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I move
that all further debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on House bill
No. 236, to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas, be closed to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
m.; and on that motion I call for the previous
question.
Mr. MACE. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a single suggestion ? I would ask that he
move to postpone the closing of debate 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield to the gentleman from Indiana?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have made the motion,
and it is now with the House to do what it pleases
with it.
[Cries of" Yield to the suggestion !'']
Mr. MACE. I desire to suggest that the gen-
tleman from Illinois will move to postpone the
closing of debate on the Nebraska-Kansas bill
until some day next week, so that every man in
this House may have an opportunity of discussing
it, inasmuch as it has never had any discussion
before the people.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a special order
for Tuesday next. It is desirable that this bill
should be disposed of this week, so that it may
be taken out of the way of other pressing busi-
ness. I have made my motion, and now ask for
the question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I ask to put a
single question to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, with the con-
sent of the House, will indulge the gentleman
from Illinois and the gentleman from Tennessee,
in whatever explanation they may desire to make.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish merely to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether I misunderstood him
yesterday? I understood him to say, when he
gave notice that he intended to make this motion
to close debate, that he would not press it if the
enemies of the measure desired further time in
which to submit speeches on the subject?
Mr. IUCHARDSON. The gentleman misun-
derstood me. He will find my remarks correctly
reported in the Globe, and I refer him to them.
The remarks 1 then made are as follows:
" I have to state that the time at which I shall propose
to terminate debate will depend upon the opponents of the
bill. If they show a deposition to go on and debate it, I
am disposed to allow the utmost time that will be possible,
in order to have a final vote on the bill before the special
order takes precedence of it. If they do not show such a
disposition, then I shall take it for granted that tfcey do not
