2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
merits. That is-thetrtie mMe of proceeding. But,-
sir, if that shall not foe the pleasure of the Senate,
1 have to suggest to them that, according to the
showing of the report which has been made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in
which I concurred,-the proposition contained in
the amendment, is in entire conflict with the habit-
ual practice of the Government from its commence-
ment until the presentday. ;
A case at. the very present session has been sub-
mitted to the Senate which is contained in this
report, in which the Committee on Pensions, fol-
lowing up the rule which had prevailed, refused
to grant compensation to a person who was in-
jured in the civil service of the country. The
distinction between the case of the allowance of a
pension for military services, and extraordinary
compensation for public civil services, is just as
broad as the line which separates the military and
naval service from thecivil serviceof the country.
The military service is one which requires exclu-
sive devotion, and which withdraws the man who
enters it from the pursuits of civil life. It requires
the soldier or officer to devote himself, in the prime
of life, and the officer especially with the expen-
sive acquirements perhaps of military education
iind study, to a hazardous course of life. When
the officer or soldier returns from the battle field,
it is only poetry to say that he can convert the
sword into the plowshare. The whole pension
system, or at least a large portion of our legislation
from the.beginning to this day, in this country, as
in. every other country that ever supported an
army or navy, is that a pension should: be granted
to those who entered into the navy or army upon
Considerations of duty or patriotism, and became
incapacitated for the support of themselves and
families.. ...
Qn the other hand, the civil service is,one which
brings.its reward and its fame without running
any peculiar hazard, and even with profit and
without-any unnecessary sacrifice. It is volun-
tary on the part of our citizens to assume the
office of President of the United States, as it is
to assume the office of marshal or deputy mar-
shal. It is voluntary on the part of the citizen to
assume the office of representative in the Senate,
or in the House of Representatives, or any other
civil office which is attended with no peril of life or
limb. -Weare all of us paid for the.discharge of
our duties in the civil department, and this com-
pensation is regarded as adequate. Weare all of
ue, as Senators in Congress, agents in the civil
service of the country, but at the same time that,
we are performing our duty in that capacity, and
receiving compensation for it, we also have our
farms, our mercantile and professional employ-
ments, and our various other vocations which
constantly follow us, and to which we can at last
return with ease from those labors, and by assi-
duity in pursuing them, make provision for the
support of our families.
This distinction is a just and necessary distinc-
tion; for if we require of a soldier extraordinary du-
ties, which incapacitate him from supporting him-
self and educating'his family, it is right to provide
a hospital for him when disabled, to provide oonnty
land for him, upon which he can retire when he
has completed the term for which he was employed
in his country's service, and even pensions to his
widow and family when he falls. This distinc-
tion must be adhered to. If we hold out equal
inducements to hope for pensions and rewards in
the civil service, equal to those offered in the mili-
tary service, the tendeney will be at once to dis-
courage enlistments in the Army and in the Navy
of the United States, and to encourage still greater
competition in the service of the civil departments
Of the Government, when we know that the com-
petition for places in the civil service hus become
so extensive as a resort for a livelihood, as to in-
duce all manner of intrigue and corruption for the
acquisition of places.
1 have said' that this was a broad distinction. I
have said that it has been adhered to, and I will
give to the Senate, in addition to the cases pre-
sented in the report, another case, which occurred
some two or three years ago, of a civil officer who
was recognized ana provided for by law as enti-
tled to make certain charges for services rendered.
He was a New York pilot, required (o go on
board a public armed ship of the United Slates, in
the port of New York, to conduct her into the
harbor, and, after arriving on board, and while he
wag performing that'duty, the cable slipped acci-
dentally, through the carelessness of an officer or
seaman in the public vessel, and the pilot lost a
limb, and was disabled for life. 1 brought the
case before the Senate some two or three years
ago. I presented it to the Senate as a meritorious
one. After due consideration, and admitting its
entire hardship, and stating that they could
scarcely see the difference between the military
and the civil service in such a case, the Senate
threw it out because the pilot was in the civil ser-
vice; and the result was, that no relief was granted
to him.
So far, then, as the present question is con-
cerned, without going into any dispute in re-
gaid to the case in the original bill, claiming that
it is entitled to the favorable consideration of the
Senate, inasmuch as it provides a pension for the
benefit of the widow of a worthy soldier, I think
that we ought not to embarrass it, or render it
doubtful, for the purpose of providing a bounty
in another case, I cannot vote for this Boston
case, which contains so many objectionable fea-
tures. Especially does it present before Congress
a necessity for considering the validity of the fugi-
tive slave law. The constitutionality of that law
is. disputed and denied. The resistance itself was
a consequence of that dispute, and of a repugnance
of sentiment of,a portion of the country to the
law. The law, for these reasons, faiU to be exe-
cuted without extraordinary expenditure and ex-
traordinary efforts on the part of the Executive.
That law is now under consideration in many,of
the courts. The supreme court of the State of
Massachusetts has affirmed its constitutionality,
or is understood so to have done. The supreme
court in another State (Wisconsin) has denied its
constitutionality. For myself, it is enough for me
to say that I agree with the supreme court of
Wisconsin on that subject. But while this ques-
tion, is open, and while it will ultimately be re-
ferred to, and decided by, the highest tribunal, the
tendency of this measure is to induce persons, by
largesses, to assist in the execution of what I,
with them, deem an unconstitutional law. With-
outgoing into the merits of the constitutional ques-
tion-at the present time, it is enough for me to say
that there is a divisiofi in this House, and in the
other House, and that this division is continually
widening. The number of those who believe that
the law.is constitutional is becoming less and less.
The number to-day is far less than the number
yesterday; and, according to the indications, they
are less now than they will be a year hence; and
they will grow lesa and less every year here-
after.
Then, at the present time, under such circum-
stances, believing that this law is entirely uncon-
stitutional, I submit it is neither right nor wise to
give it a factitious support in this mode, unless it
shall be shown that there is an extreme case re-
quiring such action. There is no extreme case
before us in the original bill. This widow, Betsy
Nash, and her husband, have been before us for
sixfeen years, imploring theattention of Congress.
The Batchelder case is two months old, no more.
Now, if the widow of the soldier who fought the
battles of his country in the war of 1812, whose
services are admitted, and whose claim is sup-
ported by "precedents in the history of the country
without number, could wait here for sixteen years,
this Butch elder case, asking from us a bounty to
be paid immediately, can wait until another ses-
sion, especially if, by allowing it, we risk the ori-
ginal bill ? It would give me no pleasure, no sat-
isfaction, no triumph personally to defeat this
amendment; for if it shall be the pleasure of Con-
gress that services of this kind, in the execution
of the fugitive slave law, besides being paid for in
the lavish way that we have seen, shall also be put
on the level of having served in the Army and in
the Navy, and so receive an extraordinary boun-
ty, I shall yield. We shall .--ee whether proceed-
ings so extraordinary will operate to overcome
the repugnance of freemeff and the free States to
the fugitive slave law. ! can wait.
But again, sir, the facts in this case are assumed.
There is no evidence that ! know of. (My asso-
ciate on the Committee on Pensions can inform
me whether I am correct or not.) I do not knnw
that a petition has been presented asking for it.
I'he honorable Senator who moved the amend-
ment can answer whether a petition has been pre-
sented by the person to whom it is proposed to
allowthe bounty. Receiving noanswer, I presume
that Mrs. Batchelder has not applied for a pen-
sion, that her name is put up here to oppose and
defeat the granting of a pension to an unfortunate
woman, without her knowledge, consent, or inter-
ference. There has been no petition presented.
No petitions, recommendations, or representation
of facts, are presented by anybody in her behalf.
There is n conformation, no legislativeinformation,
no information such as the Senate'requires, upon
which this bill is to proceed. All we know of it is,
that certain transactions occurred in the city of Bos-
ton in regard to the fugitive slave law; that Mr.
Batchelder was killed, and that we are now acting
upon the ne'wspaper accounts of the day, while a
judicial investigation of the matter is being prosecu-
ted with care. When this investigation shall have
been completed, and the decision of the court shall
be known, it will then be time to act We shall
then know whether James Batchelder perished in
supporting the execution of this law, or whether
he did not; whether he perished in resisting a num-
ber of persons who were opposing the execution
of the law, or whether he perished by the designs
of private malice, which took this occasion to re-
venge itself.
Now, sir, I present these views with calmness,
and after due deliberation, and with purposed
moderation, because it was not my purpose to
elicit a discussion of this subject, which could in
any way embarrass measures of great public inter-
est which are y et to be considered Within the four
days that remain to us of this session. Jn doing
so, T have simply performed my duty in assign-
ing the reasons, if the amendment shall pass, which
will determine me to vote against this bill.
Mr. WELLER. 1 am exceedingly anxious
j that this discussion should be got rid of. It seems
[ to me at this late day of the session weare spend-
j ing our time very uriprofitably in the discussion
of this question. I could get rid of the debate by
a motion that the subject lie on the table, but I
have no desire to defeat the original bill, which,
as far as I understand it fVom the reading of the
report, is a very meritorious one. It is an act of
justice which ought to have been done before; but
it is impossible to discuss now the various ques-
tions which are involved in the amendment. I do
not know that the time will ever come when it will
be profitable .to discuss the question of the repeal
of the fugitive slave law; but this amendment in-
volves a more important question—the propriety
of placing a name upon the pension roll for' civil
services. Generally I am opposed to that. There
may be particular circumstances in this case which
will justify Congress in granting a pension to the
surviving .widow. At all "events, that question
ought to be fully discussed, because it will be cited
hereafter as a precedent, and we shall be called
upon tp make appropriations from the Treasury,
wherever an individual has lost his life in the
performance of civil duty.
Now, Mr! President, I appeal to the Senator
from Mississippi to withdraw his amendment. I
should not-ask him to do that,if I were not satisfied
| that the original bill ought to pass, and that it
: will be impossible to obtain a vote on it to-day, if
this discussion goes on. Here we are with sev-
eral important questions, which must be disposed
of at this session of Congress. We are in the
middle of the dog-days; none of us are disposed
to labor more than eight or ten hours a day. We
shall be compelled to labor that much to dispose
of the necessary business which is before us. I
ask, therefore, that this question, so far as the
amendment is concerned,may go over to the next
session. Then we shall have an opportunity to
discuss all the questions at length; and if the Abo-
litionists on this floor deaireto revive the slavery
agitation by a discussion of the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law, it can be done then in mid-winter,
when there can be no danger of anybody being
hurt. I ask my friend from Mississippi, there-
fore, as he sees the intention of the Abolitionists
on this floor to discuss the amendment, to with-
draw it. They oppose it, as they say,upon prin-
ciple. They have no principle about them. ' It is
a part of their profession and desire to agitate this
thing.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no desire to embarrass
the regular business of the session, or to do an
act in conflict with the judgment of any friend. I
have offeied the amendment in good faith. I intro-
duced the original resolution which occasioned the
