1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
report of the committee on the subject. It was
not my purpose or desire to increase the fanati-
cism of the North, or to excite the indignation of
the South, at the shedding of the blood of a faith-
ful officer in the discharge of his duty in main- ;
taining the laws of the country, and the rights of
the South. I had no such desire. The Senator
from New York, however, has spoken on the
impropriety of bringing up this question at so late
a day. Why is it so? The committee would
have reported promptly on the resolution which
was passed unanimously by this body, but for
the opposition of that Senator and his colleague
[Mr. Sumner] on that side of the question. They
have occasioned the delay. I have attempted,
(believing, as I did, that it was important, that there
was not a question before the body that has occu-
pied its consideration of more importance than
are the principles involved in this measure,) time
and again, to call it up. When it was in order, t
have offered it as an amendment to a meritorious
bill. 1 felt it to be my duty to offer it. I pro-
posed to the Senators upon the other side, pre-
suming that every Senator had made up his mind
on the subject, to take a vote on the amendment
and bill without discussion. The Senator from
New York has thought proper to go on and give
us his views in relation to it. lam willing still,
upon the reports of the committee which have
been read, to throw in the speech of the Senator
from New York upon that side of the scale, and
take a vote without saying another word on the
merits of the amendment. I hope that the Senate,
if there should be further discussion, will permit
it to come from the other side of the House.
Mr. STUART. I desire to unite with the Sen-
ator from California in asking the Senator from
Mississippi to withdraw his amendment. It
seems opvious that discussion will grow out of it,
and that at very great length, at a stage of the
session when there is no time for it. I doubt not
there are many Senators who, like the Senator
from California, are not prepared to act this day
upon setting the precedent of giving pensions for
civil services. 1 confess to be among that num-
ber. I think there is more importance in it than
has been supposed, perhaps, by some Senators. I
could not, therefore, vote upon this question with-
out giving, at length, the views which I entertain
upon the general subject, i take it for granted
that other Senators feel similarly. I do not wish
to embarrass the proposition at all at the proper
time; but 1 hope the Senator will, in view of all
the circumstances, withdraw the amendment, and
let the original bill pass. If he does not, I shall
feel it to be my duty, under the circumstances, to
move to postpone the whole subject until the next
session of Congress—the original bill as well as
the amendment. I think, sir, we have now a dis-
position on the part of the majority of the Senate
to dispose of the liver and harbor bill to-day. The
other appropriation bills are crowded upon the
Senate. The chairman of the Committee on Fi- j
nance [Mr. Hunter] has appealed to me to-day j
to allow him to pass one or two of the smallest j
appropriation bills. The whole business of the 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Cooper '! case of first impression arising out of an unconsti-
in the chair.) The Senator is not in order
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President  jj
Mr. CLAY. I do not yield the floor, Mr. jl
President. 1
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of order. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator ;
i from Alabama is certainly out of order. j
t Mr. CLAY. I shall forbear;butthere are things j
; asserted m the views of the minority which are :
I a gross and unwarrantable reflection upon thatpor- j
! tion of the committee who signed the report in j
: favor of the bill, and hence I cannot sit patiently .
! by and hear, from that quarter especially, any- J
| thing derogatory to the character of gentlemen on j
| this floor. 1 am prepared to show, and will show, j
j I say, by the action of the Senate, by the action :
I of the Committee on Pensions, and by the action ,
; of the Senator from Massachusetts himself, that ;
\ this bill is not without precedent, and that it is a '
j stronger case, appealing on stronger grounds to !
i the support of the Senate, than the one which ,
> he has reported from the Committee on Pensions,
j and recommended to thefavorableconsideration of ;
! the Senate.
, It is charged again, that this report is unsus- i
: tained by any evidence. I want to meet that, and :
I to show that that charge, likewise, is wholly un- ,
I founded in fact, and that it is sustained by more j
j and better evidence than many cases which have ,
come before the Senate during this session, and '
received the unanimous support of the Senate. I 1
further propose to show that it is not only sus-I
tained by precedent, and by testimony, but that it I
is sustained by principle; that the very principle j
which lies at the foundation of your whole pen- !
sion system will support it, and that there is no |
pension which has been allowed by Congress
during this session that is better sustained by
principle than this case. But, sir, as I remarked
m the outset, I am enfeebled by recent sickness,
and feel myself physically unable to do justice to I
myself or the occasion; hence I do not desire to 1
debate it; but if the Senate should think proper to
discuss it, I wish to meet the opponents of this
measure on all the questions which they present.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the question until the second
Monday m December next.
Mr. PETT1T. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Adams] prefers that I should move that it
lie upon the table.
Mr. ADAMS. T prefer that motion, so that if
we should have leisure at any time during the
present session, it can be called up.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
I therefore make the motion that the subject lie
on the table.
Mr. CASS. I hope my colleague will with-
draw that motion for one moment.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I cannot vote for
taking up any question which would interfere with
the river and harbor bill. That is now under coil-.
session is blocked, and will stand blocked here, if jj sideration; and unless immediately disposed of,it
the slavery question be discussed. I hope the
Senator from Mississippi will withdraw the
amendment, or else agree that the subject may be
postponed until the next session of Congress; for
I certainly, having in charge, under the instruc-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, the river
and harbor bill, shall deem it to be my duty to
make the motion to postpone.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to enter into the
discussion of this question at this time. I am
indisposed to trespass upon the attention of the
Senate, when I see that they are impatient and
anxious to act. Yet, sir, I cannot permit the oc-
casion to pass without saying, in justification of
that portion of the committee which made the
report in favor of the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Batchelder, that I stand prepared, on a proper oc-
casion, to vindicate that report throughout, and to
show that the bill is sustained by precedents—by
manv precedents—by some which have been re-
potted during this session, one at least by one of
the members of the committee who oppose the
bill. I allude to the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
("Mr. Sdmxeis.] I will convict him out of his own
mouth, either of an ignorant or willful misrepre-
sentation of the action of the Senate upon this
subject 
will be lost at this late stage of the session. I am I
< in favor of this measure of compensating thefam- j
j ily of Batchelder, who was killed, not long since, [
i at Boston. Your laws grant pensions to the near
j connections of all persons who lose their lives ,
' upon the field of battle, while defending their j
; country against a foreign enemy. This man fell
! in the holiest of causes—in defending the Consti-
j tution of his country when violently and ruthlessly
j attacked; and I know of no case which com- :
mends itself more strongly to the sympathy of the !
tutional law, which is odious to the people of the
North; which many of us regard as entirely un-
constitutional. If, sir, it should be decided to be
unconstitutional, how improper it would be to
pension those who volunteer to stand forward in
its vindication. Thereare many questions involved
in the measure. Promitient is the question of pen-
sioning the widow of one who dies in the civil
service. It is a matter of great consequence, and as
an advocate of the river and harbor bill, m which
the State that I represent in part has as great an
interest as any other, I hope that this exciting
question will not be thrust upon the Senate at this
time. I hope the Senator fiom Mississippi will
withdraw the amendment, and let us go to work
with the great measure of the improvement of
rivers and harbors. It is because I am so anxious
to bring that measure to a vote, that, notwith-
standing the people of my State ai-e so much inter-
ested in it, I have not opened my mouth to speak
upon it. I wish to do nothing but vote upon it.
I think a majority of the Senate are in favor of
sustaining this great measure of public policy,
which is so much asked for by the State of Ohio,
and other States. I am very anxious that a vote
should betaken upon it.
I am the last man who would shrink from an in-
vestigation of the question involved in the amend-
ment, which has been submitted by the Senator
from Mississippi. Let it come up at the proper
time in the session, when its merits can be pro-
perly debated, and I shall not shrink from its in-
vestigation. This session began with an agitation
of the slavery question, to the detriment of other
great public measuies. I hope it will not now be
renewed on this bill. I implore the Senator from
Mississippi to withdraw the amendment, and not
have the whole subject ordered to lie on the table,
because the original bill seems to be a proposition
which everybody wishes to see passed;atid by its
defeat we should be doing great injury to a meri-
torious claimant. I hope, therefore, the Senator
will withdraw the amendment, and postpone it
until a future time, when it can be brought up,
under proper circumstances, and be properly de-
bated. There are different opinions prevailing
upon it—honestly prevailing. All I wish is, that
it may be presented to us at a time when it can be
properly discussed.
Mr. RUSK. 1 think, sir, this matter is m as
proper a condition to be voted upon as any that 1
have ever seen before the Senate. The facts are
short. There is no dispute about them at all, and
half a moment's reflection will satisfy every gen-
tleman upon the propriety of the principle upon
j which he should act, either in voting for, or against
i the amendment. The opponents of the measure
choose to say that they are not going to permit it to
pass; but they will consume time, and, perhaps,
endanger the river and harbor, bill, and some of
the appropriation bills. Well, then, the object oL
the discussion is not to elicit anything on which
the Senate may act. The object is, at this stage
of the proceedings, if it is not postponed on this
threat, to make the Senate Chamber a sort.pt-
platform on which to address the angry passions
out of doors. Under such circumstances, although
I should not have offered the proposition, if I had
it in charge, as an amendment to the.bill, yet ns
it is up, and as this threat has been thrown,out, >
shall vote against ordering the bill to lie on the
table, and against its postponement.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that the benatcr
from Texas alludes to me.as making a threat.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. WADE. I made none; and I do not r...
derstand that any threats have been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Coon
when I "see that'" they are impatient and jj American people, or to the favorable action of the j| The PRESIDING orFlU&K.,yvir
WllEnlB-- ■ ' ■ •  " American Congress. I shall vote for the sum re-!| in the chair.) The question is on the au.v.,,-
ported, as a feeble compensation to a bereaved '! ment of the Senator from Mississippi.
and afflicted family, and also as ail encouragement jj Mr. STUART. If it is the design of the .it n-
to all persons called out by competent authority ]r ate to take the question on this amendment to. ,
to assert the majesty of^he laws, to execute that jj I must ask their attention for jive
duty fearlessly'and faithfully—knowing that a
grateful country will take charge of those dearest
1 to them, should their lives be the sacrifice of their
I patriotic exertions.
Mr. WADE. I do not rise for the purpose of
I detaining the Senate upon this subject. 1 am in
hopes that the amendment will be withdrawn. I
disagree entirely with the Senator from Michigan,
I state the reasons which influence my mind iu
voting against it. _
1 have no hesitation m declaring that the Con-
stitution, in my judgment, provides clearly ana
definitively for the return of fugitive slaves. I
have just as little hesitation in declaring that, in
my opinion, the laws which have been enacted
for carrying out that provision, are within the
i [MrT Cass.] f think, sir, it involves principles of II constitutional power ot Congress; and if they
j great consequence to this nation* I think it is a !l were insufficient for the purpose ot carrying out
