452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
a motion with reference to the business before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear any
motion the gentleman has to make.
Mr. FLORENCE. If I understood the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, he reported back the bill,
which was introduced on my motion at an early
part of the session, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, with a recommendation that it
do not pass.
Mr. WARREN. That is the bill I have re-
ported back.
Mr. FLORENCE. And also a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior upon the
same subject. 1 desire to debate the question, if
it is in order to do so.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, a mo-
tion being made to lay the report upon the table.
The Chair announced that it would be so ordered.
It is not so ordered, however, as opposition is
made to the motion, and a vote of the House will
be taken upon the question, but it is not debat-
able.
Mr. FLORENCE. Can I move to recommit
the report? Is not that debatable?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
will be in order when the motion to lay on the ta-
ble has been disposed of; but that motion being
highly privileged, cuts off the motion to recom-
mit.
Mr, FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman from
•Arkansas will be good enough to withdraw the
motion to lay on the table, and let it be an open
question for the present. I take strong exception
to the conclusion that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior arrives at in relation to the subject-matter, so
far as I can understand it; and I desire to review
that report, if I can have an opportunity of doing
so, at some not very distant day.
Mr. DEAN. I hope the gentleman from Ar-
kansas will withdraw his motion.
Mr. "WARREN. I am perfectly willing to place
this question in such a position that gentlemen
may be heard. I do not care to press the motion
to lay the report on the table.
Mr. DEAN. I would suggest that the report
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. WARREN. I withdraw the motion to lay
the report on the table; and gentlemen can dispose
of it as they please.
Mr. COBB. I wish to know if the gentleman
withdraws the motion of his own will, or under
the influence of those around him ?
Mr. WARREN. I will give my reasons for
it. I do it because I feel conscious that the com-
mittee have acted right in making the report, and
will be able to sustain it; and I am willing that the
subject shall he fully debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the report is an adveise one. Is any motion
made in regard to it?
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. What is the sub-
ject of the report ?
The SPEAKER. It is an adverse report on a
bill referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
extending the provisions of the several laws
^granting bounty lands to the officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," and on sundry petitions on
the same subject. The committee submit a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior as
their report, which will be read.
The Clerk read the communication, as follows:
Dci'ARTMfcNT OF THK fNTERIOR, )
WASHiNc.iON, Junutn y ltf, 1854. )
Sir: On the 9'W ultimo you inclosed to mo   A bill ex-
tending the provisions of the seveia! laws granting bounty
lands to the "officers am} soldier who have been engaged in
the imhtaiy service of the United Stairs.'' with the request
that I would give my opinion as to the effect of the passage
of the same, and the piohahle amount of land* that would be
disposed of by virtue thereof. J now have the honor to re-
turn it, with the result of the examination and coiibidci ution
which have been bestowed upon the subject.
The words " provisions of the several laws granting
bounty hinds to the officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United Stales," used
in this bill, construed in their most comprehensive sen«e,
would embrace all the bounty land laws ever pa^ed; but T
have supposed that it was not intended to revise ami extend
the laws which granted bounty land for revolutionary «ei-
vices, or^those giving land to persons who enlisted for five
years in the war of 1812, and that the real object ot the bill i
xvas limited to the acts of February 11,1847, September 28,
1*50, and Match &>, 1852.
I have further supposed that the terms v< State troops
called inlo service by State authority^' as coupled with the
qualification contained m the act of March 22, 1852, and as
embracing only those whose services were recognized and
paid for by the General Government subsequent to the 18th
of September, 181*3.
With this understanding of the object of the bill, I find
that it makes provision for four classes of beneficianes,
viz:
First. All those persons who served in the war of 1812,
the Mexican war, and the various Indian wars since 1790,
in the capacity of teamsters, wagoners, warrant officers of
the staff, artificers, and laboiers of the ordnance corps.
Second. All the officers, non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, private*, mariners, and marines, who were engaged
in the naval, revenue, marine, "un-boat, or flotilla service,
or in defense of the coast, or uart thereof, or who may
have been taken captive bytt my, and remained either
in captivity or on parole, in aiij .ad all the wars referred to.
Third. The heirs at-law of those persons who, having
«eived in said wars, have died without receiving bounty
land, and who have not left relatives who ate entitled on
account of their services under the provisions of either of
the aforesaid acts
Fourth, All those peisons who were formerly widows
of soldiers who served in those wars, and who have married
and become, or who may become, widows asain.
Fiom the best data obtained, it is estimated that the num-
ber of effective men who were < ;i 'aged m the various wais
to which the bill under eon-'.i' rafiun applies, is about
608,117. It is supposed that teamster*, wagoner®, wariant
ofticeis of the staff, artificers, and laborers of the ordnance
corps,form about one tenth part of tiie elective military
force. This would give, as embraced m the tir.-t class,
60,811. It ^supposed that the ntimbci of persons embraced
in the second class is not less than 50,000.
The whole number of warrants already issued to persons
serving in thet-e various wars, is 302,039, which, deducted
rom the entire military force engaged in them, will leave
306,078 persons to be provided for, and supposing that of
this number 0,078 are provided foi by existing laws, there
will remain to heetnhraced by the thud class about 300,000.
Of the fourth class U is supposed there may be about
1,000. but as the cases in which they would take are esti-
mated in the third cla<*s, they would not increase the aggre-
gate number of peisons provided lor bv the bill.
Besides these several ?ieic dasces of beneficiaries, this
bill gives to all those persons who are entitled to, or who
have received lands under existing laws, s-nch additional
quantity as will amount to 160 acres each.
The number of persons who have lcceived warrants for
eighty aetes each, and who will consequently be entitled to
an additional eighty acres, is abouto5.0U0.
The number who have received wan ants for fortv acres,
and "who will he entitled to an additional one hundred and
twenty acres each, n about 100,01)0.
Upon these hypotheses, the quantity of land which would
be disposed of, were tins bill to become a i.iw, js as follows:
To class No. 1, containing CO,311 persons,
at 160 acres each  9,729,760 acres.
To ela<s No. 2, containing 50,000 persons,
at 160 acres each  8,000,000 i:
To cla>s No. 3, (which also includes the
number in class No. 4,) containing
300,000 persons, at 160 acres each 48,000,000 "
To 55,000 peisons an additional quantity
ofSO neies cacii    4,400,000 a
To 109.000 persons an additional quantity
ofl20acieseach 13,080,000 «
Making the total number of win rants to be
issued 574,811, and tbequau :> of land
required to satisfy them .* 83/209,760  
The execution of this law, so far as the third cla<=r- of
beneficiaries is concerned, will be attended with eat diffi-
culty. The examination of the claims will involve aecu- j
rate knowledge ot the i<iws of descent m the vaiiou^ States !
ill the Union, and other localities, where the soldier mnv, j
by chance, have had his domicile at the «ime of hi« death. ;
There must oftentimes be conflicting claim® a* to the right ;
of inheritance, and the opportunism for the perpetration of ;
fiaudf will he tearfully inciea.-ef]. The execution of the i
law will likewise requne an immense amount of nine and !
labor. The number ofwarrant- i-Mn-d under exisrin? law*. 1
dminir the last three years, nhout IFflOOO. and at that j
iate, the issuing of tho-;e granted hy thu bill, wth the pros- !
cm clerical fojee etuja-jed in the execution nf the evishng i
bounty land huvs, would require upwards of nine years, oi '
moie than tuple the present toice, dining the present Ail- ;
ministration. j
The enhanced value of the public land", consequent upon :
the increasing facilities by iruhoad ami otherwise, foi j
transporting their products to market, and the incensing !
population of the country, won hi. no doubt, cause these war- !
lants to be located more inpidlvthan tho-rheietofoin issued ; :
but, notwithstanding, it is estimated that it would icqiiire '
at lea-t eight or ten years to absorb them. In the mean i
time, of course, the revenue denved from the sale of the
public land- would be in<.i nifie-?nt in amount ;
^ his hill introduces several new principles into the bounty !
land s\ stem. Itgiants bounty land without respect to length j
oi service; and, consequently, give- to those serving only one
month the like quantity a® to those servins throughout all
the wars to which it is applicable. It gives hind to laborers,
and to the heirs-at-law of those who icndered military ser-
vice. J
I am, sir, veiy respectfully, vourobedient servant,
tr ti a «  MoCLBLLAND, Secretary.
Hon. E. A. \V\rre*, *
Of the Committer on Public Land*,
House of Tl epreventative?.
The reading of the repent having been con-
cluded—
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to
refer the report just read to the Committee of the
Whole on the'state of the Union, and that it be
printed, together with the letter of the Secretary
of the interior.
Mr. Speaker, while i was on the floor a moment
ago, I said that I took exception to the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, so far as I under-
stood it. 1 do not mean to say now, without
knowing its contents sufficiently well, after hear-
ing only a single reading of it here, that I will
take issue on that letter or report. I do not mean
to reflect upon the Secretary of the Interior, or do
injustice to that intelligent and courteous member
of the Cabinet of our distinguished Executive,
inasmuch as it seems to me to be a very elaborate
and impartially-considered document; and as that
gentleman seems to have taken np the subject so
clearly, that when his letter will have been printed,
and I have read it, I may probably arrive at the
same, or to a very nearly similar conclusion which
the Secretary of the Interior has,—hence, Mr.
Speaker, I repeat, I do not wish to he misunder-
stood in saying that I took exceptions to that letter,
or to be charged with having any other motive than
to wish an opportunity to have fully and clearly
examined it, which I certainly desire to do, with
a view only to arrive at the facts, so that full jus-
tice may be doneto the Government, and be meted
out to those who have petitioned for the passage
of a law by Congress making such provision for
the distribution of bounty lands, as is indicated in
the bill which the committee have reported upon
adversely. I candidly acknowledge that all the
information communicated by the Secretary of the
Interior I have yet received, upon this now very
important subject, at least so far as the public
lands are concerned, has been obtained here to-
day, except a reference to it in the correspondence
of one of our largely circulated newspapers in the
city of Philadelphia—the Public Ledger—where-
in it was stated that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior had informed the Committee on Public Lands
that if the oill which I had the honor of introdu-
cing, and which was referred to the committee,
should pass, it would require eighty-three mil-
lions of acres of the public lands, and would cost
$120,000,000; that it would take all the clerical
force of the General Land Office for the space of
nine or ten consecutive years, besides causing end-
less litigation, and a train of other evils growing
out of the passage of this bill. Now I also under-
stand the Secretary of the Interior to say that the
execution of this law so far as one class of the
beneficiaries contempleted by it are concerned,
wHl be attended with great difficulty; and that the
examination of the claims will involve accurate
knowledge of the laws of descent in the various
States in the Union, and other localities, where
the soldier may, by chance, have had his domicile
at the time of his death; there must oftentimes
be conflicting claims as to the right of inheritance,
and ibe opportunities for the perpetration of frauds
will be fearfully increased; the execution of the
law will likewise require an immense amount of
time and labor; the number of warrants issued
under existing laws, during the last three years,
is about one hundred and eighty-three thousand,
and at thai; rate, the issuing of those granted by
this bill, with the present clerical force engaged in
the execution of the existing bounty land laws,
would require upwards of nine years, or more
than triple the present force, during the present
Administration.
I further understand that the total number of
wot rants to be issued, if the bill becomes a law,
will be 574,811, and the quantity of land required
to satisfy them 83,209,760 acres; and*from the
hes* data obtained, it is estimated that the number
of effective men who were engaged in the various
wars to which the bill under consideration applies,
is about 608,117. it is supposed that teamsters.,
wagoners, warrant officers of the staff, artificers,
and laborers of the ordnance corps, form about
one tenth part of the effective military force.
Upon these facts which have been elicited, the
deductions of the Secretary are ai rived at. Sir, I
do not desire to brins: down such a calamity and
such consequences oh the country as the Secretary
of the Interior fears, or anticipates; but I desire,
at least, to have a fair chance of reviewing this
report. Thousands of persons residing in the
State of Pennsylvania who were engaged in the
war of 1812, have sent petitions to me, and to a
number of my colleagues, and to members of this
