1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
House from other States of our Confederacy, in
reference to what they considered their claims to
public lands for services in that and other wars of
the Republic; and I felt, so far as I could under-
stand the subject, that these people were entitled
to consideration at the hands of Congress. I be-
lieved that those soldiers who served in the war
of 1812, and in the Indian wars since 1790, were
quite as much entitled to a hundred and sixty acres
of the public lands as were those who served in
the war with Mexico, and their petitions were en-
titled to the proper and fair consideration of Con-
gress, from the fact that they are a very meritori-
ous, patriotic, and intelligent, class of our citizens,
who had made many sacrifices in taking up arms
in defense of their country.
Besides, but recently, sir, on the 8th of January
of the present year, a national convention of the
soldiers of the war of 1812 was held in the city of
Philadelphia", at which resolutions were passed
petitioning Congress to pass a law such as has
been contemplated. This very large body of men,
composed of more than a thousand delegates, from
twelve or more States of this Union, and from this
District of Columbia, have had the proceedings of
their convention printed, and, I presume, placed
in the hands of every member of the present Con-
gress; at least, I hope they have been, as it is
important just now. I have received copies, one
of which is m my desk, and from which I have
obtained a few of the resolutions which were
passed with great unanimity. Here tLey are:
Resolved, Th.it we look back with much pleasure upon
a-content with the mistress of the ocean, as she vauntmgly
called herself, with her boastful motto :
" The winds* and waves are J3ritain's wide domain,
And not a sail but by permission spreads."
When we recall to mind the speech of a member of the
British Parliament, upon the capture of two British ships,
the Guerriere and Macedonian—made in the eaily part of
the war—he says, that <( indignation was a wholesome
feeling, which ought to be cherished and maintained. Ft
cannot be too deeply felt, that the sacred spell of invinci-
bility of the Butish Navy was broken by those unfortunate
captures. And however we must all wish the war to teim-
inate, I hope I shall not be considered as sanguinary and
unfeeling, when I express my devout wishes, that it may
not be concluded before we have reestablished the character
of our naval supenonty, and smothered in victories the dis-
aster which we have now to lament, and to which we are
so little habituated "
Resolved, That while we take a retrospect of the valor
and daring of our Navy, we can look with feelings of exul-
tation and pride upon the splendd battles fought by our
soldiers on land. Towaids the close of Hie war, on the
shores of the lake's, Biown, Pikf, Scott, Macomb, Jesup,
Miller, Croghan, M'Neil, Harrison, Towson, Cass, Wool,
Taylor, and a host of others, won undying fame; while in
the pouthwest, Jackson, C'olFoo, Carroll, Butler, Armstrong,
and their companions in aims covered themselves with
laurels. Nor can we forget with what high pleasuie we
received tlie intelligence of the manly and successful re-
sistance of a sister city a-iamst an assault made by an in-
cendiary army, that like Goths and Vandals, plundered the
Presidential Mansion, and then destroyed it; burned the
national archives of great value, and would doubtless have
committed aoN of orjnal ar.oeity upon the rity they wore
tnen approaching, if its btave soldiers had not dam their
leadei iti liis inarch, and driven back his troops for shelter
to their ships. So overwhelming were the victories of our
war, that it has preserved peace even until now. It was
in very deed a second war of independence. Is it, there-
tore, asking too much ihfit those who participated m it
should be propeily cared for by the Republic ?
Resohcd, Tnat as the per.-ons who peiformed military
duty in the wai of J8L2 and Indian wars or the widows
and heirs of those who are dead, aie scattered over all
parts of the Union, a grant to them will reach almost every
f.iniilv m the nation; children and gtandehildren will be
Inreirst'-d in such bounty til Government; consequently,
such a provision could not fail to bo as popular with tiie
whole country ;is any act that could be passed by our Na-
tional Legislature.
lltijlvcdi That Congress ought to place the soldiers of
the war of 1812 upon the same footing with tho«-e who seived
in Mexico, by consnieiing them in service until paid ofF, as
uas the case u itn the volunteets who returned from Mex-
ico, who were not deemed out of seivice till they leeetved
their pay from the Geneial Government.
Itaolccd) Tii.it we specially thank the representatives
of the ihftVi eat Lrgisldtuiess who have forwaided their res
olutions of approval in favor of the grant of one hundred
and sixty acres of land by the National Legislituie.
Reso'vcdy That the Government of the United States
should be jti«t befoic it is genotous, and that in our judg-
ment u will be tune enough for Congress aTtei it has given
its bounty to those who *>Ybcrf thrir country, to go m search
ot new recipients of its favor.
Resolved, That if Congress had given the defenders of
then countty m the war of 1812 forty acres of land, when
their service was perfoimed forty years ago, that grant would
have been much more valuable than the grant of one hun-
dred and si.xty acres, now asked for by those wiio still re-
main of that gallant band, or their widows and children.
Resolved, Thdt, inasmuch the niannes have received
one hnndied nnd Mxtvaeie* of land under the bounty land
laws each of the sailors who fought by the j5ide of the ma
lines m the same battles is entitled to a similar amount of
land, and that Congress be requested to alter the bounty
jaw act, so as to provide alike for those who served on
water and those who served on land.
Resolved, That it be recommended to Congress to grant
one hundred and sixty acres of land to those who were con-
fined in the loathsome. Dartmoor and other foreign prisons
during the War of 1812; and, in case of their death, that
their widows shall receive the said land; and where there
is no widow, that the bounty shall go to the surviving chil-
dren.
Resolved, That it also be asked of Congress to give one
hundred and sixty acres of land to the few remaining men,
and the widows and children of such as are dead, who
were prisoners at Tiipoli, and who were made to work
daily as beasts of burden, under the brutal lash oftheirtask-
masters, for two whole years.
For the purpose, therefore, that the whole mat-
ter may be fully examined, so that just conclu-
sions may be arrived at, and nothing more, I move
that the report just read, the bill, and the letter of
the Secretary of the interior, be printed; and that
the whole be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. I move the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand the
rights of the House, it has a right—if I move to
lay the matter on the table—to carry out the re-
port of the Committee on Public Lands.
'Mr. EWlNGr. Is it now in order, Mr. Speaker,
to make the motion which I desired to make a
moment ago ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in or-
der. Both are privileged questions. The Chair
decides that it is in order for the gentleman from
Kentucky to make his motion.
Mr. E WING. Then, Mr. Speaker, in view of
the fact that debate on the homestead bill is draw-
ing to a close on this floor—it having been limited
—and as the matter now before the Ho'tse may
be just as well entered into at any other time, I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House do now resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; let us dispose of
tin«s mnffpr
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment—and I will renew it—so that I can ask the
permission of the House, under the direction of
the Committee on Territories, to set apart three
days next week for the consideration of iocal terri-
torial business?
Mr. ORR. No; 1": not be so soon as next
week.
Mr. EWING-. I will withdraw the motion for
a moment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a resolution that
Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of next
week be set aside for the consideration of some
local territorial business.
Mr. ORR. I hope ^ gentleman will put it off
until two weeks from .s week. There are re-
ports yet to come from committees. It is earlier
than tiie usual time set apait for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that it is my purpose,
and the purpose of the Committee on Territories,
to set apart three days next week, and then to ask
for a week in the month of May, for the consider-
ation of other Territorial business, which cannot
be got through earlier.
I will state, also, with the permission of the
House, that some local legislation is necessary for
some of these Territories, in order to carry out
some appropriations recommended here by the
Department for their benefit, and which appropri-
ations should be made at once, otherwise they
will not be of avail to the Territories this season.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman if his proposition is to set aside these
days to consider business connected with the or-
ganized Territories?
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is.
Mr. JONES. And no other?
Mr. RICHARDSON. None other.
Mr. JONES. Then I unite with the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and ask that the
gentleman from Illinois will postpone the time he
asks for two weeks, in order that between this
time and then we may dispose of the deficiency
bill, which has been reported to this House.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Unless it is dis-
tinctly and explicitly stated by the gentleman
from Illinois that he desires these days set apart
for the consideration of business relating to the
oyganized Territories, I object to the introduction I
of the resolution, f
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move that the
rules be suspended, in order to enable me to in-"
troduce a resolution, setting aside the seventh,
eighth, and ninth days of March, for the purpose ,
I have indicated
Mr. JONES, of New York. X ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Dean were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 32.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. DE WITT, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, bills of
the following titles:
" An act to indemnify the State of Indiana for
the failure of title to a township of land granted to
said State on her admission into the Union in
1816."
"A resolution for supplying new members of
the Senate and House of Representatives with such
books, of a public character, as have been hereto-
fore supplied."
"An act to extend the limits of the port of New
Orleans."
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
Mr. DUNHAM. Before the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] is put, I
would like to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to have the papers in the case of John H.
Hicks re-referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The SPEAKER. That can be done at the
Clerk's desk, without asking the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. DUNHAM. The case has been reported
at this session, and I only desire to have the
papers in the case recommitted to the committee.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
proposes to set aside the 7th, 8th, and 9th of
March, for the consideration of the local territo-
rial business within the organized Territories, and
that that business will be made the special order
for those days.
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In accordance with my
promise to the gentleman from Kentucky, I now
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill (No. 37) reported from
the Committee on Agriculture, by Mr. Dawson,
" to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting to every man who is the head of a fam-
ily, and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of the same for a certain specified
period "•—
Upon which the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Noble] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. NOBLE addressed the committee on the
subject of tonnage duties; and, in the course of his
remarks, said, he could quote from thirteen of the
messages of Presidents, either annual or special,
or veto messages, in which there is almost an
identity of sentiment with President Pierce on this
topic. He alluded to these things simply to show
that there was no necessary connection with what
was put forth by President Pierce on the subject
of internal improvement^ warranting the legiti-
mate inference that he is in favor of tonnage du-
ties. As well might gentlemen charge that the
distinffuished predecessors of President Pierce were
in favor of tonnage duties. When General Jack-
son, Madison, and Monroe placed their views
before Congress, was there any one who sprung
up and said that they were in favor of tonnage du-
ties? There was no public man, living or dead,
who ever said that these statesmen ever favored
tonnage duties.
Notwithstanding the remarks of the eloquent
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] Mr.
Calhoun never favored the plan us laid on the
