1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
neglect of all other business, to throw its protect-
ing arms around those who faithfully discharge
their duty in executing the laws passed by Con-
gress. I have so looked upon it and so acted. 1
regret exceedingly that the consideration of the
subject has come up at this time. It was not my
fault, for 1 have tried on all occasions, from the
very moment 1 received the information* to have
the consideration of Congress upon this subject.
If it conflicts with other business now, I regret it,
but I have no discretion under the circumstances.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the yeas and nays are
taken on this ■question, I wish to say that, in order
to give evidence of my desire to conduct the pub-
lic business, and proceed first with that which is
most important, I shall vote to postpone the very
bill which I myself reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment. There is no motion at
present pending to postpone.
Mr. BRIGHT. As I shall vote against the
amendment, I wish to state my reasons for doing
so. This is the first instance i hr^ve known since
i have had a seat in this body, where a member
moved to take a private bill from the files and add
it as an amendment to a bill reported from a com-
mittee. It is clearly out of order to my mind. I
approve of much that was said by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] and if this
were brought forward as an independent proposi-
tion, I should vote for it.; hut I will not establish
a precedent here that permits a Senator, when a
report is made from a standing committee, to move
to take a private bill from the files and add it to
that report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a prior question to
that# This amendment is not now in order.
There is an amendment reported by the commit-
tee to the original bill.
Mr. BENJAVUJV. It is too late to raise the
question of order now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I think it is
too late. The amendment was received by the
Senate; and it is too late, at this time, to object
to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Adams's amendment, resulted—yeas
34, nays 14; as follows:
YbAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Biodhyad, Brown, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Evan*, Fuzpatrick, Geyer,
Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, Ma^on, Moiton, Norris, Pearce, Pettit, Piatt, Rusk,
Sebastian, Slideli, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
ToUcey.and Weller—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Chase, Cooper, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Gillette, Rockwell, Seward. Stuart, Stunner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, and Walker—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER- I beg leave now to offer the
following amendment to the section which has
just been added:
Provided, That the act of Congress, approved September
18, 1850, tnr the sunender of fugitives from service or labor,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
order, is that amendment m order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cooper.)
The Chair believes it is not.
Mr. SUMNER. It is clearly in order, partic-
ularly after'what the Senate lias done to-day in
connecting these two bills together.
Several Senators. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the Senator to
indulge me for a moment.
Mr. SUMNER, Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not present when the |
question was taken on the amendment of the hon- I
orable Senator from Mississippi. I was accident- !
ally absent, and I ask the consent of the Senate ,
to have my vote recorded in the affirmative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator :
asks unanimous consent to record his vote in favor
of the amendment on which the question has just
been taken. Is there objection? [None.] The
motion will be received. j
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Chair 1
as ruling that my amendment is out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICEK. He does. The ,
amendment is not m order in the opinion of the .
Chair, '
Mr. WALKER. Why?
Mr. TOOMBS. Is there not yet an amendment
proposed by the committee to the original bill?
W as that passed on ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts is an
amendment to the amendment proposing to repeal
the fugitive slave law. The Chair has ruled it out
of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. There was an amendment
proposed to the original bill, by the Senator from
New York, from the committee, and then the
amendment with reference to the Boston case
came up. Now, I want to know if the first amend-
ment has been acted upon ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; it
was adopted. Do I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts that he desired to take an appeal?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not presume to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, though I
do respectfully submit to the Chair that, accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate, an amendment like
that now proposed, to a new section of a pending
bill is not out of order, and I submit further, that
the proposition which I now make for the repeal
of the fugitive act, is entirely germane to that on
which the Senate has just voted. In coupling the
Batchelder bill with the other, the Senate itself has
prepared the way for my proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, I think, does not understand the ground on
which the decision is put. The Chair decides
that it is out of order, because it is an amendment
to an amendment 
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; not
because it is an amendment to an amendment, but
generally. As far as that is concerned it would
be in order; but it is on the ground that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Chair decides that the proposition i have submit-
ted is out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Inasmuch as it relates to a
matter of public legislation, and not to a private
claim, I do not understand the ground of the de-
cision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to amend the bill which is now pending, by a prop-
osition to repeal the fugitive slave law. The Chair
does not consider that a proposition within the
rules, nor a proposition to amend under the par-
liamentary law. It is not a proposition, germane
as it seems to me, to the bill that is now under
consideration. It is not admissible.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate has already de-
cided that a proposition to grant bounty 
Mr. SLIDELL. I rise to a question of order.
The Senator from Massachusetts cannot address
the Chair in relation to the point of order. It has
been decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He has ap-
pealed as I understand.
Several Senators. He has not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then nothing
is before the Senate on that point.
Mr. BRIGHT. Now, I desire to inquire
whether the committee who reported the original
bill did not report an amendment with it? There
has been no vote upon any other amendment than
the one upon which the yeas and nays were taken;
but we are quite as much in order in that as we
were in permitting the Senator from Florida to
vote. I call the attention of the Senate to that
subject, for the purpose of showing how closely
we adhere to rules here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
was allowed to vote by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senate, by unanimous
consent, cannot break down a rule. The 17th
rule provides expressly, that
(l When the yeas and nays shall be taken on any ques-
tion, m pursuance of the above rule, no member shall bo
permitted, under any circumstances whatever, to vote alter
the decision is announced trom the Chair."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is not in order in discussing that matter. If the
question had been made at the time, it would
probably have been so deemed; but there have
been frequent decisions during the present session
which are precisely in point, and one two or
three days ago.
Mr. BRIGHT. With due deference to the
opinion of the Chair, I will state that the Chair is
mistaken. This is the first instance I have ever
known where, after the yeas and nays were taken
and the result announced, a Senator was permitted
to record his vote. I asked that privilege myself,
some time ago, when I had not the pleasure of
voting upon territorial bills.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not object to it as coming
from the Senator from Florida, but 1 refer to it for
the purpose of showing how closely we adhere to
rule.
Several Senators. •'Order!" "Order!"
Mr. BRIGHT. I am notout of order in stating,
that no question has been taken on the amend-
ment recommended'by the committee. I wish to
know what that amendment is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was in sub-
stituting five years for ten, in the original bill, as
the length of' time during which the pension
should continue. I understand the question was
taken on that.
Mr. BRIGHT. There has been no vote taken
upon any amendment recommended by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Secretary can settle that
matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
says that the question was put upon that amend-
ment, and it was agreed to. At that time I was
not in the chair.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to hear what the
amendment was which was recommended by the
( committee.
j The Secretary read it, as follows:
In the original bill strike out "ten" and insert (t five,"
so a* to make it read to continue for five years."
Mr. BRIGHT. Does the Chair state that there,
was a vote upon that proposition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So I under-
stand from the Secretary.
Mr. ATCHISON. I was in the chair at the
time, and my impression is that that amendment
was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is upon ordering the amendment to be en-
grossed; and the bill, as amended, to be read a
third time.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 37, nays 12; as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Cooper, Daw-
son, llodge of'fowa, Evans, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Gwin,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of [owa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Jlallory, Mason, Morton, Norn?, Pearce, Pettit,
Pratt, Ktisk, Sebastian, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky^
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, and Weller—
37.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Chase, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,
Gillette, Rockwell, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and
Walker—12.
Mr.SCJMNER. In pursuance of notice, Inow
ask leave to introdue a bill.
Mr. STUART. 1 object to it, and move to take
up the river and harbor bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other bill
is not disposed of. The third reading of a bill for
the relief of Betsey Nash.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the title by
adding " and the widow of J. 0. Batchelder."
The amendment was agreed to, and the title, as
amended, agreed to.
fugitive slave law•
Mr. SUMNER. In pursuance of notice, I ask
leave to introduce a bill, which I now send to the
table.
Mr. STUART. Is that in order ?
Mr. SUMNER. Why not?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a pending motion
of the Senator from Michigan to take up the river
and harbor bill.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
was not entertained, because the Senator from
Massachusetts had and has the floor.
Mr STUART. I make the motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order to give the notice,
Mr. SUMNER. Notice has been given, and I
now, in pursuance of notice, introduce the bill.
The question is on its first reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first read-
ing of a bill.
Mr. NORRIS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor.
