1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n m
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I gave way
for a moment only, a.nd 
Mr. ORR. 1 insist upon my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order,
and gentlemen will preserve order, without which
we cannot progress with the business before us.
Mr. ORR. i withdiaw my objection.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will say, then, that if
gentlemen desire that there should be a free and
full discussion of this subject; if they are willing
that gentlemen may come here and make their
speeches for and against the bill, in regular order,
and in decent and proper hours, let them come
forward and make a proposition that after the dis-
position of the special order of next week, this
question shall be taken up and acted upon—that
is, after the special order of next week, and the
other special orders, be disposed of. Let them do
that. Two or three days is not time enough to
discuss this measure.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. "WASHBURN. Sir, this ift an important
bill—more so than any other that has been before
the House for years.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call the gentleman to order.
I insist upon my point of order, i object to the
gentleman from Maine proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
objection of the gentleman from North Carolina.
He knows of no rule by which the gentleman
from Maine ran he ai rested in his remarks, he
having received the unanimous consent of the
House to make a speech.
Mr. CRAIG-E. He did not have the unani-
mous consent to make a speech upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
at what point the gentleman can be arrested.
Mr. WASHBURN. Mr. Speaker, I will de-
tain the House but a moment 
Mr CRAIGE. 1 again lise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appealed to the
House to know whether there was objection to
the gentleman's proceeding, and no objection was
made. The gentleman then commenced his re-
marks, and the Chair does not know at what
point he can stop him. Unanimous consent sets
aside all i ules.
Mr. CRAIGE. A proposition was made that
the Pacific railroad bill should be postponed. The
gentleman from Maine made objection, and his
was the only objection coming at that time from
that quarter of the Hall. Under these circum-
stances the gentleman from Maine obtained the
floor, and asked the consent of the House to
allow hi in to make an explanation, and no objec-
tion was made to so reasonable a proposition,
Unanimous consent, however, was not given for
him to go on and make a speech upon the bill
itself. 1 certainly never gave my assent to such
a proposition; and it was upon this ground that I
lose to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the House
gave unanimous consent for the gentleman from
Maine to make suggestions in reference to the
order of business as connected with this bill alone,
and he will rule that the gentleman must confine
himself to such suggestions.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will conform to the
decision of the Chair, and so confine myself. It
was not my intention to take up much of the time
of the House. 1 am aware that when the House
gave their consent for me to make a statement, it
was not their expectation that 1 should go on and
make an hour's speech, and I will not do so now.
I wish merely to state some of the reasons why
I think the proposition which has been made to
postpone the consideration of the Pacific railroad
bill, cannot and ought not to be acceded to by the
opponents of the Nebraska bill. And let me say
there are other suggestions whichj in my opinion,
it would be better for the House to adopt in ref-
erence to this matter. This, sir, is a> bill which
should be fully and thoroughly discussed. Two
or three days are no time for the discussion of a
measure of this importance; nor is a week, which
it is now proposed to allow, a sufficient time. I
say there should be ample time for the discussion
of a great measure which is agitating the country
from one end t.-> the other.
[Cries of 44 Order!" arid confusion.]
The country demands that we should have ample
time to consider it before it is acted upon.
(Loud and repeated cries of "Order!" Or-
der!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
will suspend. Gentlemen are repeatedly calling
the gentleman to order. The Chair does not know
for what reason; for, m the confusion prevailing
in the Hall, the gentleman could not be heard.
The Chair asks that the point of order shall be
stated, if any gentleman has any to make.
Mr. HUNT. I am a friend to free discussion.
I have shown myself, from the beginning, a fuend
to the maintenance of the privileges of every mem-
ber upon this floor. 1 still feel some concern for
liee discussion in reference to this bill. It seems
to me, however, that the proposition made by the
gentleman from California is a fair one. i do think
tnat those who desire free discussion, and are the
friends of order, ought to accept it. Sir, while
there was a majority disposed to stifle debate, i
laised my voice against the irregularity and op-
pression which was resorted to. But when a prop-
osition of an honorable character is made, which
will allow every member of the House to avail
himself of the privilege of expressing his senti-
ments upon this question, 1 think it becomes every
friend of liberty to accept it.
Several Members. That's right.
Mr. SAGE, lam not aware, Mr. Speaker,
even if not objected to, that this debate is to be
allowed to go on. The House has voted down a
motion to lay the resolution for the close of the
debate upon the table.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. It has not
yet been passed.
Mr. SAGE. I know that it has not; but that
was a test vote. To judge of futuie votes by those
which we have had, we may conclude that the
resolution will be passed. Now, 1 am unwilling,
for one member of this body, to consent that the
important business before the country shall be
thrust aside to take up a matter which everybody
will admit ishot important business as regards the
present. There ia no necessity for it. 1 was sur-
prised the other day when the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union passed by a very
large number of important bills on the Calendar,
for the purpose of reaching this Nebraska-l£ansas
bill. And,sir,so long as I retain my health, 1 shall
resist every attempt of this kind in every legitimate
way. 1 think the country will, sustain nie m so
doing. I am not to be deterred by any threats
here of whatever kind. My rights are the same
as those of every other member; and I intend to
assert them now and at all times. I look on the
Pacific railroad question as of far mote importance
than this swindle which has been thrown before
the country without any previous notice to the
people.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is upon the floor. The gentleman from Virginia
addresses the Chair. Does the gentleman from
Maine yield ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I yield to the gentleman
from Virginia, if it be the consent of the House
that I should do so.
Mr. BENTON. What is the question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question.
Mr. BENTON. Is the question on postponing
the hill for the Pacific road; is that the question ?
The SPEAKER. There is no question of that
sort now before the body. The Chair and the
House yielded first, to the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Kerr] to make a proposition that
the Peicific railroad bill be postponed, as the special
order, for one week. It was repeated by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. McDougall.] ft
was objected to by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wheeler.] A single objection is conclu-
sive, as the Chair stated. Several gentlemen
rose, and, by permission—not under the rule, and
in order—made suggestions in reference to the
order of business, as connected with this bill.
Among the rest, there was the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] and he was progress-
ing, by the unanimous consent of the House, with
his suggestions, and in order.
Mr. BENTON. I give my unanimous con-
sent to the gentleman to go on with his speech,
but I enter myself a permanent objector to post-
poning the Pacific railroad bill. That is all. Rail-
road or anything else, 1 wish to have the correct
understanding that! am a permanent objector to
postponing the Pacific railroad bill. [Great sen-
sation.]
Mr. HUNT. If the gentleman from Missouri
will allow me, I will mal*e one remark.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is upon the floor, and he had yielded to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] We shall
get into confusion, unless something like order is
preserved.
Mr. WASHBURN. I yield to the gentleman
from Virginia, iflhat be the wish of the House.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 desire to say, in this connec-
tion, that I am quite sure i speak the sentiments
of the friends of this bill, when I say that their
every disposition has been to allow the largest
latitude of debate, it has been shown. But why
not cut it off, when we are already admonished,
by one of the prominent opponents of the bill,
that, no matter to what extent the debate may be
indulged in, when it is over this scene is to be re-
newed? If that is the case, we had as well meet
it now.
[Cries of " Now!" "Now !"]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine yield to the gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr. WASHBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNT. 1 unders.ood the gentleman from
Missouri to say that he was anxious that the
Pacific railroad bill should be disposed of by the
House. Now* sir, he is not more anxious for
that object than I am, and, I believe, a large ma-
jority of this body. But when we are assured
that, on the conclusion of this debate, that subject
will be taken up, the object thegentleman desires
is attained. And 1 would again say, that 1 do
think it becomes us, as Americans, as national
representatives on this floor, as lovers of liberty
and parliamentary law, to go on with this discus-
sion, as proposed by the gentleman from Califor-
nia, and then proceed with the regular business
of the country.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to say a word ?
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly; I yield to the-
gentleman.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think this debate has <
gone far enough, and I object to its continuance.
If the Chair decides that it is in order, I shall ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
•The SPEAKER. The Chair will repeat, that
the gentleman from Maine was allowed,by unan-
imous consent, to take the floor to make sugges-
tions in connection with the business of the body.
Thg gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] rises
and asks leave of the gentleman from Maine to
make an explanation. Under the circumstances,
the gentleman from Ohio must also have the leave
of the House. The gentleman from Connecticut
objects. The Chair wishes to execute the rule
precisely as it is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
Chair is compelled to interpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to know if I under-
stand the Chair correctly? I understand the Chair
to say that it is in order for the .gentleman from
Maine to proceed, but that it is not in order for
him to yield the floor to any other person.
The SPEA K ER. If objected to.
Mr. WARREN. Then, sir, I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I have only to say,
that if objection is made to my having the same
privileges that have been accorded to other mem-
bers, I will resist the further progress of this bill
by all the means which the rules of the House
place in my power, even though gentlemen may
call it " faction."
[Cries of" Good !" "Good!" and "Order!"]
Mr. HUNT.' I hope the gentleman will be
heard. Others have been heard.
[Cries of 4< Order!"] *
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not ask to be heard
now.
Mr. WASHBURN, (resuming.) I am sorry
to disagree with the gentleman from Louisiana
i [Mr. Hunt] in reference to this question; and if
anything could lead me to believe that I was wrong,
it would be to find that he disagreed with me.
But, su r suppose the time for debate Rhall be
extended one week, what time shall we have
i then for that free and wide discussion which ought
