454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
table, and as advocated by that gentleman. It
was the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] who
first brought forward a plan giving the consent of
Congress to the States to levy indiscriminately
tonnage duties on foreign industry and domestic
commerce. To him is due the honor. If the
plan has the merits which is claimed for it; if it is
to be beneficial to the great national commerce on
the western waters; if it is to forward and pre-
serve this great interest, then he should be the
last to oppose it. But he looked on the plan as
unconstitutional and inexpedient, and as calculated
to prove disastrous to the best interests of the
West. These points he argued until the close of
tfrfe hour to which he was limited in debate, in-
sisting that such a plan could operate only on
foreign commerce. As to domestic commerce, he
showed that the plan was inexpedient, and would
not yield a sufficient amount of money for the
purposes designed, either on the northern lakes
or the Mississippi, taking into consideration the
right of inter-State commerce. [His remasks will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. EWlNG obtained the floor.
Mr. NOBLE. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to make a few more ad-
ditional observations in conclusion.
Several Members. Go on.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; we have had one
speech from the North, and now let us have one
from the South.
Mr. NOBLE. I only ask for a very few
minutes.
A Member. You can print your speech.
Mr. KE1TT. I ask my friend from Kentucky
to give way for one word of explanation.
Mr. EWlNG. How long do you want?
Mr. KEITT. Only for a moment. It is to
correct a mistake made by the gentleman from
Michigan, which is personal to myself, in relation
to my remarks connecting Mr. Calhoun with the
measure he had been dicussing.
Mr. EWING. 1 will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. KEITT. I said that Mr. Calhoun was the
first to announce the constitutionality and expedi-
ency of levying tonnage duties; but I did not con-
nect his authority with any specific plan, or any
details of any plan. The member from Missouri
[Mr. Oliver] invoked the delegation from South
Carolina to reject the plan for levying tonnage
duties, and rested his invocation upon the author-
ity of Mr. Calhoun; and it was in connection
with those remarks that I said Mr. Calhoun was
the first to announce the doctrine of the constitu-
tionality and expediency of tonnage duties. But
I neither connected his authority with any specific
plan, nor with any detailed plan, nor did I state
the extent to which he had carried his views upon
the constitutionality of the question.
Mr. NOBLE. I now ask the gentleman to
allow me to make one remark in reply to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina.
Mr. EWING. 1 should be very glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman, but I cannot yield the
floor further.
Mr. EWING then addressed the committee.
He said that the name of Mr. Clay had been in-
voked here and elsewhere in support of the anti-
quated principle of the Missouri line. He wished
briefly to show from the public records that so far
from his being, as had been asserted, the author of
this Missouri line, he had no connection whatever
with it.
He read from the remarks of Mr. Clay, in the
debates of 1850, to show, that so far from his being
the author of the Missouri line, it did not even
originate in the House of Representatives, of which
he was a member; that Mr. Clay could not cer-
tainly tell whether he voted for it, as he was the
Speaker at the time of its adoption; that it origin-
ated with SenatorTnoMAs, of Illinois, in the other
branch of Congress; that it failed to accomplish
its purpose; that the North, still opposing the ad-
mission of Missouri, the next year Mr. Clay
came here and found members, from all quarters
of theUnion, in the midst of great excitement, nnd
found it necessary to offer the Missouri compro-
mise, of which he was the author, and which ac-
complished the admission of Missouri into the
Union, as a final settlement of the slavery ques-
tion. Mr. E* also urged the inconsistency of the
compromise of 1820, and that of 1850, and spoke
In favor of the principles of the latter. [His re-
marks* will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my colleague will
give way, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. ALLEN. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr.' RICHARDSON. I then move that the
committee rise.
The question was then taken; and, upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 41, noes not counted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Campbell were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed thechair, the Chairman of theeom-
mittee [Mr. Olds] reported to the House that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 37, commonly called the homestead bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote taken
this morning setting apart theseventh,eighth,and
ninth days of March next for the consideration of
Territorial business, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, in
compliance with an act of Congress of August 20,
1842, and a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of January 33, 1846, transmitting a state-
ment showing the names of the clerks and other
persons employed in his Department during the
year 1853,. or any part thereof; the time each was
actually employed; the sum paid each, and the
residence of each at the time of appointment.
Also, stating that it had not been found necessary
during the year past to employ any extra clerks,
nor was it anticipated that such a necessity would
arise daring the present year.
The communication was ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
CHANGE OF THE BOUNTYLAND LAW AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. When the House went into
committee this morning, the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands had reported back a bill to change the
bounty land laws, with a recommendation that
it do not pass. A motion was made that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. A motion was then made
that the bill and report be laid upon the table, and
be printed. The question now before the House,
therefore, is, " Shall the hill and report lie upon
the table, and be printed ?"
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
refer the bill and the report to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER That motion is already pend- !
ing; but a motion is made that the bill and the re-
port lie upon the table and be printed, which has
precedence of the motion to commit.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire if any mem-
ber of the committee which reported this bill de-
sires to have it re-referred to them ?
Several Members. Oh, no !
Mr. HAVEN. If they do not, then I hope
that the motion to lay on the table will prevail.
- The SPEAKER. The Committee on Public
Lands report adversely on the bill, and the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren,] the gen-
tleman making the report, nToved that it lie upon
the table, and be printed. He subsequently with-
drew that motion, at the request of the gentleman i
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] who moved I
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
onthestateof the Union, and printed. Thegen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] then rose and
moved to lay thebill and report upon the table, and
that they be printed, and that is the first question
before the body.
M r. BISSELL. Is it a bill or a report ?
The SPEAKER. A bill and a report.
Mr. BISSELL, I understand that the gentle-
man from Arkansas who made the report only
desires to have the report printed.
Mr, WARREN. No, sir; i think it will be
necessary to print the bill, in order to make the
communication from the Secretary of the Interior
intelligible.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the motion of the gentleman from" Tennessee, that
the bill and report be laid upon the table and
printed. That takes precedence of the motion
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. ROBBINS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill and report
upon the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Florence's mo-
tion, on which the previous question had been
demanded.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. I do not understand the
question. Is the demand for the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer the bill and report to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition be-
fore the House. The effect of the previous ques-
tion will be to bring the House to a vote on the
motion to refer. If the House refuses to refer the
bill, the question will then recur on ordering it to
be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 hope it will be referred and
printed.
Mr. DEAN. I now move that the bill and re-
port be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. No action has been had since
a similar motion was voted down. The motion
is therefore not in order.
Mr. DEAN. The previous question has been
demanded.
The SPEAKER. Yes; but the House has
taken no action on the demand. When that is
disposed of the motion of the gentleman will be
in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the call for
tellers on the second.
The question was then put, and the previous
question did not receive.a second.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it not now in order to take
the question on referring the bill and report?
The SPEAKER. It is; and it would have
been if the previous question had been seconded.
That is now the pending question.
Mr. ROBBINS. I so understood it.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at three
o'clock) until to-morrow, at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 21, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed three en-
rolled bills of the following titles:
" An act to indemnify the State of Indiana for
the failure of title to a township of land granted to
said State on her admission into the Union in
1816;"
" A joint resolution for supplying new mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives
with such books, of a public character, as have
been heretofore supplied;" and
" An act to extend the limits of the port of New
Orleans.''
LOSS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore appointed Messrs.
Shields, Johnson, and Jones of Tennessee, a
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill for the relief of the
troops of the United States who were sufferers by
the late calamity to the steamer San Francisco.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of the
