1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H8S
Mr. CAMPBELL. I meant to say the vote
by which he was not excused.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I voted no. I voted with
the majority.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has the
right to make the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 29, nays 124; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benson, Campbell, Cul-
Join, Dickinson, Eastman, Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich,
Grow, Lilly, McCulloch, Mace, Macy, Meacham, Morgan,
Parker, Pennington, Pratt, Pringle, David Ritchie, Russell,
Sabin, Sapp, HestorL. Stevens, Wade, and John Went-
worth—f)9.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ashe, Da-
vid J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Barry, Belcher,
Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinudge, Bridges, Carpenter,
Oasku1, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chrisman, Churehwell,
Clark, Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cummins, John G.
Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddv, Edgerton, Edmunds!, Edmundson,
Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Florence,
Gamble, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Wiley P. j
Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hillyer, Houston, Howe, !
Hughes, Ingurdoll, Daniel T. Jones, Ge6rge W. ^Jones, j
J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kidweil, i
Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Lindiey, Lmdf-ley, Mac- |
doitald, McNair, Matteson, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, |
Smith Millnr, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Nor- i
ton, Olds, Morderai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, j
Phe!p>, Phillip.*, Powell, Pieston, Put year, Ready, Rich- j
nrdson, Riddle, Robhins, Rogers, Ruffin, Sage, Sewaid, ■
Sevmour, Shaw, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, I
William Smith, Willt&m R. Smith, George W. Smyth, ,
Alexander il. Stephens, Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, j
David Stuart, John, J. Taylor, John L. Tajlor, Nathaniel |
G. Taylor, Tliur-fm, Traev, Trout, Upham, Vail, Van- ]
pant, Wallev, Warren, Eihhu B. Wadiburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wuntworth, Darnel 13. Wright,
Hendiick B. Wright, and Zollieoft'er—124.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and upon that 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I ask to be excused from voting
upon the motion to adjourn.'
Mr. HENDRICKS. I submit that that is not
in order. If that were to be allowed, we might
not come to the motion to adjourn before to-mor-
row morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana is not
in order.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 69, nays 109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DRUM. I move that when this House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Saturday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.; ,and upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeets and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ over; and decided in the negative—yeas 49,
nays 109.
So the House refused to adjourn over to Satur-
day.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion that there be a call of the House,
upon which the yeas and nays have been de-
manded.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Sage's mo-
tion; and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that there be a call of the House, upon which the
yeas and nays had been demanded.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken upon the motion; and
decided in the negative—yeas 60, noes 80.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, pending the call of the roll,
when his name was called, said he paired of with
Mr. Perkins, of Louisiana, upon this vote.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question upon the reso-
lution closing: debate up n the Nebraska bill.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PARLEY. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Good-
rich's motion; and decided in the negative—yeas
40, nays 66; as follows:
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER announced that no quorum
had voted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask to be
excused from voting upon that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not in order, is it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
any such motion. The rules prescribe that when
the House finds itself without a quorum, no
motion shall be entertained except a motion that
there be a call of the House, and a motion to
adjourn.
Mr.-WASHBURN. T withdraw the request.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. SAGE I move that the House do now
adjourn; and upon the motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sage's
motion; and decided in the negative—yeas 47,
nays 67.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BAYLY, of Vi rginia, stated that for a
short time he had paired off with Mr. De Witt.
Mr. CALL stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Cox.
Mr. BUGG stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Bailey, of Georgia.
Mr. HOWE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Hillyer.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask to be
excused from voting upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the proposition, for the same reason that he refused
to entertain a similar one made by the gentleman
some time since, that no quorum has voted.
Mr. WASHBURN. I thought there was a
quorum upon the last vote.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has votetf.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 75, nays 44
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Pending: the call of the roll,
Mr. DEAN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to have his vote recorded, he having
been outside the bar when his name was called.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the execution of the order that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. Upon that motion 1
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
52, nays 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll on the above ques-
tion,
Mr. MACY stated that he had paired off until
to-morrow morning with Mr. Disney.
The SPEAKER. The House having ordered
a call of the House, the Clerk will now proceed to
call the roll, and note the absentees.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask to be
excused from voting on that question.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
The Cleik then called the roll, and found the
following members absent:
, Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Banks, Bell,
Bennett, Benton, BisseJI, Bliss, Brooks, Campbell, Cat pen
ter, Oaruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Cha^e. Chastain,
Chri^man, Cook, Coiwin, Cnllorn, Cumming, Curtis, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Denr, Dick, Disnev, Dunbar, John IV1.
Mliott, Ewing, Faulkner, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Good
rich, Green, Grey, Aaion Haiian, Andrew J. Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Wester, Hill,
B«we, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kurtz, Lamb, La-
tham, Lyon, McMulUn, McNair, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Peek, Peckham,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, PheJps, Preston, Ready,
David Ritchie, Rnwc, Sapp, Shannon, Singleton, Gerrit
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, SoJIers, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Walbridge, Weils, Westbrook, Yates,
and Zollicoffer.
The SPEAKER. The officers of the House
will now close the doors.
The doors were then closed.
Mr. DRUM. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STUART. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to state, on behalf
1 of Mr. Perkins, of Louisiana, that he, desiring
to go dinner, being unwell and hungry, i have
paired off with him; I have answered on a call
of the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 26, nays 131.
So the House refused to suspend all further
proceedings under the call.
Pending; the call,
Mr. HILLYER stated that he had paired off
for the present with Mr. Howe.
Mr. LINDSLEY, also stated that, for the pres-
ent, he had paired off with Mr. Miller, of Mis-
souri.
Mr. EDMANDS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CROCKER. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. HENN. Is the motion to adjourn now in
order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is.
Mr. HENN. After the House has refused to
suspend further proceedings under the call ?
The SPEAKER. That is the decision of the
Chair. The motion is in order*
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would ask the
Chair whether, after the doors have been closed
by order of the House, and proceedings under the
call are in progress, it is in order to allow members
to enter or go out ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is a question of
order. I call the attention of the' Chair to the ex-
ecution of the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. A moment's reflection will
satisfy the gentleman from Ohio that the gentle-
man from Kentucky is in order, he being on the
floor to a question of order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will remark, with
the leave of my friend from Ohio, that it being in
order to alternate between motions to suspend
further proceedings under the call and motions to
adjourn, the House never can complete the call
unless the doors be kept closed, and members pre-
vented going out or coming in. 1 call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to the fact that the order is not
enforced.
The SPEAKER. The officers of the House
must enforce the order of the House rigidly.
There is no authority drawn from the rules that
the Chair knows of which would, under a call of
the House, allow members to go out or come
in. The practice, however, the Chair is aware
is different. There are cases of emergency when
gentlemen must go dut.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That is the only way
by which we can get gentlemen to do anything.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the list of ab-
sentees for excuses.
James C. Allen. No excuse.
William Appleton.
Mr. W ALLEY. My colleague is detained from
his seat in the House by severe sickness in his
family. I therefore move that he be excused.
Mr, SAPP. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.  
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Allow me to ask
the Chair a question. If Mr. Appleton is not '
excused for the reason given, will not the order of
the House be imperative on the Sergeant-at-Arms
to go and bring him here?
The SPEAKER, That will depend oa the
action of the House.
