2024'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
. ' OCEAN STEAMER BILL.
A' message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill making ap-
propriations for the transportation of the United
States mails by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the year ending June 30, 1855, in which
they asked the concurrence of the Senate.
• *" ' RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
{.JThe Senate, as in. Committee of the Wh'dle
resumed the consideration of the House bill,
" making: appropriations' tor the repair, preserva-
tion , and completion of certain public works here-
tofore commenced under the authority of law."
Various amendments were offered and debated
at length. The discussion was continued until
eleven o'clock, p. m., when, without disposing of
the subject,
The Senate adjourned.
[See Appendix for the proceedings on the River
and Harbor bill.]
• HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 31, 1854.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Prayer
fey Rev. Henry Si.ickr.
, 1'he Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
THE TEXAS DEBT.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is* the motion made on Saturday last by the gen-
ttemaft,frpm South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to suspend
the rules.for the purpose of taking up the following
Senate bill:
An act to provide for the payment of swch cred-
itors of the late Republic of Texas as are com-
prehended in the act of Congress of September 9,
1850. , •
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from South
Carolina, who moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of taking up that bill, will allow me to
do so, I should like to take up the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, and lo pass on the
Senate's amendments. [Cries of "Agreed !"] It
is important that this should be done early, as,
unless it is done early, the bill will inevitably be
lost. I appeal to the gentleman from South Car-
olina to withdraw his motion.
Mr. ORR declined to withdraw his motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on suspend-
ing the rujes for the purpose of taking up the
Texas creditors* bill. •
Mr. PHELPS. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from South Carolina whether, if the
rules be suspended, it is his intention to move the
previous question ?
Mr. ORR. It is not, as far as I am concerned.
I desire that an amendment may be submitted
to the bill in question, reducing the amount to
§6,500,000, so that both sides of the House may
have an opportunity of voting on it as they desire.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will inquire,also, whether
the gentleman will allow the introduction of an
amendment providing that the act shall not take
effectmntil the State of Texas e#all, by an act, re-
lease the United States Government from all
claims she may have. -
Mr. ORR. I suppose that provision is now
in the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House will allow me,
I ask permission to report back the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, and have it referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 71, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appletoil, Bell, Benton,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bugg, Oaruthers, Chandler,
CDrismsn, Churchwell, Clark, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dick, Disney, Dunbar, Edmundson,
John M Elliott, English, Greenwood, Giey, Grow, Andrew
J. Harlan, Harrison, Hendricks, Hill, Hunt, George W.
Jones, Keilt, Kerr, Kurtz, Lindsley, McDougail, MePfair,
Maxwell, Mayali, John G. MiUer, Olds, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, X'eekham, Phillips, Pratt, Preston, P,uryear, Ready,
Reese, Riddle, Rohbins, Seward, Shannon, Gerrit Smith,
Oeorge VV. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, RiciiW'd H. Stan-
ton, Alexander fl. Stephens, Hestor I.. Stevens, Slratton,
Stranfo, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor,
John L. Tajlor, Wheeler, Yates, and ZoDicoffer—71.
SAYS—Messrs. JainesC. Alien, Barksdaie, Barry, Bel-
cher, Bennett, Campbell, Carpenter, Caskie, Chastam,
Corwin, Craige, Thomas Davis, Dickinson, Eastman, Ed-
gerton, Ellison,Farley, Flagler, Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode,
Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Henn, Houston, Howe,
Hughes, Daniel T. Jones, Kidwell, Kutredge, Knox,
Lamb, Lane,McCulloch, Macdonald, McQueen, Macy,
Matleson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Da-
vid Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Sa^e, Sapp, Shaw,
Simmons, Singleton, SkeJton, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Troul,
Vail, Vansant, Wade, Elhliu R. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Tappan Wentworth, and Daniel B. Wrighf— 67.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
CIVIT, AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, then
reported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means, the bill of the House (No. 48) " making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1855."
Mr. H. 1 now move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which ihe civil and diplomatic bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and also to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRADE BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND
PERU.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
allow me to present a bill and report from aspecial
committee, in order that they may be referred and
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to yield-
mg a moment for that purpose.
Mr. RIDDLE accordingly reported the follow-
ing bill; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and the bill and report referred to the 1
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill regulating in part the trade between the
United States and the Republic of Peru.
PROPERTY DESTROYED AT GREYTOWN.
Mr. WHEELER. I a.ik the gentleman from
Alabama to allow me to present to the House the
memorial of several merchants of the city of
New York, asking for redress for the destruction
of their property at Greytown by the United
States ship-of-war Cyane.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to it.
Mr. ORR. Let it be presented and referred
under the rule.
The memorial was so disposed of.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr, DISNEY. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to suspend his motion until I can have an
opportunity to move to take up the amendments of
the Senate to the homestead bill.
[Cries of "Agreed!" and " No I" " No !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot do it.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department, transmitting, in compliance
with an act of July 2, 1836:
1. A copy of the abstract of the offers for car-
rying the mails made within the year preceding
the 1st of July, 1853.
2. A report of all contracts made for the trans-
portation of the mail within the year aforesaid.
3. A statementof all such land and water mails
as have been established or ordered within said
year.
4. A report of additional allowances made to
mail contractors within said year.
5. A report of curtailments of mail service and
pay ordered within said year. j
The communication was laid upon the table, |
and ordered to be printed. ;
CORRECTION OF THE RECORDS. I
Mr. STRAUB. I rise to what I suppose to be
a question of privilege. At the time the death
of Mr. Muhlenberg, one of my colleagues from
Pennsylvania, was announced in this House,
there were several historical mistakes made. 1
ask the consent of the House that they may be
corrected upon the public records.
The proposition was assented to.
THE ARMORY QUESTION.
Mr. DICKINSON. During the discussion in
reference to the superintendence of the armories,
some facts came to my knowledge which I feel it
my duty to bring to the notice of the House. I
ask the consent of the House to offer the follow*
ing- resolution^ asking information from the De-
partment:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
requested to communicate any information he may have in-
relation to the application by either of the commissioners
who,visited the Springfield armory under the act of 3d
March, 1853, for the office of superintendent of either of
the national armories, or any recommendation by either of
said commissioners for the appointment of any other per-
son to that office; and in relation to any application by, or
mhehalfof, any of the commissioners from Harper's Ferry,
or Springfield, who testi&ed before the select committee of
the House, to which was referred the question of the expe-
diency of employing military officers in the supervision of
civil works, for any office m etther of said armories, or any
recommendation of either of said witnesses of other per-
sons tor any such office; and in relation to any application
by either of the members of eaid select committee in their
own behalf, or m behalf of any other person or persons for
appointment to any office connected with the prosecution
of any of the various public works which are the subject of
inquiry by such committee.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I object.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is simply a resolution
calling for information. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] also to
object.
Mr. FAULKNER. No, sir; I said I hoped"
the objection would be withdrawn.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I will withdraw my
objection.
The resolution was then considered and adopted.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. FARLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
allow me to request the House to take up a bill
from the Speaker's table, (Senate bill No. 60,)
" authorizing the construction of a subterranean
line of telegraph from the Mississippi or Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean." I ask that it
may be taken up and referred to the Committee
on Territories. It will give rise to no discussion.
I do not propose to put it upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Is not the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
still before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. Then 1 call for the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Alabama is before the House, and isthe only
motion now in order; but the House have, by
unanimous consent, indulged several gentlemen
in several motions. Gentlemen have risen to ask
unanimous consent, and the Chair has indulged-
them; and, in his opinion, properly indulged them,
THE HOMESTEAD BILL AGAIN.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
a request of the gentleman from Alabama. I de-
sire that he will withdraw his motion that the rules-
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, so
that I may be afforded an opportunity to ask the
unanimous consent of the House, and, in the event
of an objection, that I may ask a suspension of
rules, to take up the homestead bill as amended by
the Senate, as I am anxious to offer further amend-
ments, so as to secure more fully the rights of
actual settlers, in which I have full confidence the
House will sustain me, and then to press the bill
to final action.
Mr. SOLLERS. I object to granting the gen-
tleman unanimous consent.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I move that
the committee take up for consideration the amend-
