456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 21,
grant^ with all its provisions and conditions, is to
W^sjgnified by legislative enactments. If any
portiorof the fund shall be lost, or if it shall be-
come ufminished from any accident or cause what-
ever, the State mast make up such loss or diminu-
tion, and keep the fund entire and inviolable.
These are the principal features of the bill. The
object is a good one. It is, indeed, an object of
-growing and national importance. The measure
proposed by the bill is not circumscribed, nor lo<£l,
nor partial in its operation, like very many of your
grants; but, on the contrary, it is general and
equitable, and as universal in its operation and in-
fluence as the miseries it proposes to relieve. It
passes clear of all the objections to merely local
and partial grants. It comes clearly within the
limits of your constitutional power upon general
principles, and has the authority of precedents
almost without number. Indeed, the precedents,
many of them, go far beyond this proposition
and, which, from their local and partial character,
were obnoxious to objections of which this case
stands clear. Objects of humanity and charity,
both at home and abroad, have not unfrequently
claimed the attention and consideration of Con-
gress, and have shared the bounty of the Federal
Government in different forms. Without stop-
ping to comment upon them, I beg leave to call
the attention of the Senate to several acts in which
the principle and the power we ask to be exercised
and applied in this case have been fully recognized
by Congress.
In 1819 Congress granted a township of land
for the support of an asylum for the deaf and
dumb in Hartford, Connecticut. In 1626 they
granted another township of land for the support
of a similar institution at Danville, Kentucky;
and in 1812 Congress appropriated $50,000, to be
expended in the purchase ot provisions to be sent
to the people ofvenezuela, who had suffered from
the great earthquake; and in 1815 they granted a
tract of land in the Territory of Missouri, called
the " New Madrid grants," for the benefit of such
persons as had suffered by earthquakes. In 1827
Congress voted $,20,000 to the city of Alexandria,
for the relief of persons who had suffered by the
fire which had consumed a considerable portion of
the town; and in 1847 Congress authorized the
employment of the United States ships Macedo-
nian and Jamestown to transport provisions for
the famishing poor of Ireland and Scotland.
These were all objects of charity, of benevolence,
and humanity. They were objects local and tem-
porary in their character, and, in two instances,
among a foreign people. Yet the Congress of the
United States answered to the calls of human suf-
fering, and in bestowing these gratuities, while
you inflicted no blow upon the Constitution, you
struck a responsive chord in the American heart.
In 1831 Congress granted a tract of land to the
trustees of Shawneetown, Illinois, for the purpose of
graduating and paving the river bank withm the
limits of that town; and at another time a similar
grant was made to Tuscarawas county, Ohio, for
the improvement of streets and alleys. But I need
not multiply instances of this sort. Special grants,
in almost unlimited numbers, have been made for
purposes of local improvement; for educational
purposes; for sites for court-houses; for churches
and cemeteries, and the like.
Of a .similar character was the large grant in
1841 of half a million acres to each of the States
in which the public lands are situated, for purposes
of infernal improvement. Your whole system of
annuities, your pension and bounty land system",
i.-i but a system of beneficent and charitable gratu-
ities, and founded upon no consideration springing
from any contract for service. Your statute-books
abound with acts making grants of lands and
money for particular and local objects; for local
and specific improvements; for local institutions
within the States; for the support of schools, acad-
emies, colleges, and universities, to say nothing of
your annual appropriations for your numerous
marine and military hospitals.
In addition to all this, theie are now bills upon
your table by which it is proposed to invite the
landless of our own country,and of other countries,
to go and take possession, each man, of a hundred
and sixty acres of your public domain, without
money and without price. In the fullness of your
liberality to all other claims, you are now asked
to bestow this comparatively small pittance for
the relief of those who are not only destitute, but
are mentally and physically unable to avail them-
selves of your proffered boon upon that condi-
tion—who have not the ability to go and person-
ally occupy your lands. The only mode in whieh
they can be benefited by the bounty of the Gov-
ernment through its public lands, is in the manner
proposed by this bill. Why shall we hesitate to
pass it? Humanity, public policy,and impartial
justice alike demand the adoption of the measure.
Pass the bill, and the sentiment of the country
will respond to it as one of the mostjustand benef-
icent acts of your legislation. Pass this bill, and
it will accomplish more substantial and lasting
good—it will alleviate more suffering and sorrow;
yes, sir, it will illumine, with the rays of hope,
more dark and desolate places of anguish and des-
pair, than an equal appropriation of your public
lands in any other manner, or for any other pur-
pose.
it is no argument against this-proposition to tell
us that it is the duty and the proper business of the
States to provide for and to take care of their indi-
gent insane. We do not propose to take from
them that duty, but the rather to encourage and
aid them in the discharge of it. And with the
multiplied examples and precedents before us, it
is quite too late to make a*serious question of the
power of Congress to grant such aid. If Con-
gress may give lands to the States to aid them in
building roads, and canals, and railways; to sup-
port schools, and academies, and colleges; to im-
prove streets, and alleys, and river banks, in par-
ticular localities; if it may give sites for court-
houses, and chuiches, and cemeteries to particular
towns, or counties, or parishes; if it may grant
annuities, and pensions, and bounty lands to par-
ticular individuals, or classes of individuals—the
very terms of which imply a gift, or bounty, and
independent of any contract obligations; if it may
give money and employ its ships to furnish pro-
visions to the sufferers from earthquake, or from ;
fiie or famine, in foreign lands, as well as in
our own; if it may give lands for the benefit of
local asylums in Connecticut or Kentucky; if it
may give lands, as you propose to do, to all the
destitute among those who are vigorous and
robust enough to go and take possession of and
occupy them—if we may do ail this, why, in the
name of common justice, and of common human-
ity, may we not grant lands, in equitable propor-
tions, to all the States, embracing the new as well
as the old, to aid them in making suitable provis-
ions for the proper care and treatment of the thirty
thousand of our fellow-beings, who are in a more
helpless and deplorable condition than any other
class upon whom your bounty has ever been be-
stowed ?
If it be said that Government receives a consid-
eration for these land grants, in the enhanced value
of its remaining lands, by the increased settle-
ments and improvements, the argument applies
with equal force m the present case. You are
furnishing another means, an additional agency to
encourage and promote settlements, and thereby to
create an increased demand, and to give a greater
value and more ready sale for your other lands.
The exercise of the power claimed in this case
comes within the rule of the most strict construc-
tion, that the Federal Government, as the trustee
of the public lands, may dispose of them only in
such manner as a proprietor would do in the exer-
cise of a sound discretion.
Mr. President, if I may be allowed to express
the opinion, this is the only measure which is
likely to command the favorable action of Con-
gress, by which the old States will receive directly
any share or benefit from the public domain, which
is the common property of all the States. I am
not complaining of injustice to the non-landhold-
ing States; but with the record of its acts before
me, I feel authorized to say that Congress has
dealt liberally, to say the least, with the land
States in the way of grants to them. The grants
to the new States and Territories, for various pur-
poses, amounted in the aggregate, on the 30th of,
June last, to a fraction short of one hundred and j
thirty millions of acres. I hope the policy of the !
Government will always be characterized by a ]
spirit of liberality towards them;but, at the same >
time, that it will not be forgetful of a proper re- i
^ard to what is just and due to the old States of I
this Union. j
Now, when the new States are asking the votes j
of the representatives of the old States, for grants I
of other millions of acres of this common domain,
to aid them in the construction of various lines of
railroad and for other purposes, is it a vain or
unreasonable expectation on our part, that the
representatives from the new States will charac-
terize their action by a spirit of justice and liber-
ality, in cheerfully according to us the small por-
tion of this common fund which is called for by
the provisions of this bill, for an object so com-
mendable and worthy, and in which they them-
selves are to enjoy an equal participation ? " They
who ask justice must do justice," is a maxim of
policy as well as of morality, even in legislation.
I am not prepared to believe that honorable Sena-
tors from the new States will assume the position
of demanding all for themselves and denying every-
thing to us. It gives me pleasure, indeed, to bear
tny testimony to the very kindly and generous
disposition of those Senators from the new States
upon the Committee on Public Lands, towards this
beneficent measure.
Mr. President, if it were needful, or if it were
possible, to invest the proposition before us with
any additional interest aside from its intrinsic merit,
it is found in the consideration of its origin. It
comes commended to our attention and our regard
in thememorial of an accomplished and gifted lady,
the prime and energy of whose years have been
devoted to the study and amelioration of the con-
dition of this most unfortunate and neglected class
of people. She has visited in person nearly every
State in this Union, and made herself acquainted
with the condition and personal history of more
than twenty-five thousand of this class of persons,
most of whom were found in a lamentable state of
destitution and neglect. Fitted by rare endow-
ments to have attained popular eminence and ap-
plause in the higher and more inviting departments
of life; to have moved among the more attractive
and admired scenes of its proudest and gayest
circles, her days and years, and an ample private
fortune have been expended in seeking out and
alleviating the condition of those whom the world
beside had forsaken. With the vigilance and devo-
tion of a patron saint, she has sought out the stricken
maniac in jail, and in poor-houses; in private cells,
in garrets, and in dark dens; often in rags and in
chains, and administered to their physical wants,
and poured the accentsof inspiring hopeand conso-
lation into their dark and troubled spirits. Like an
angel of mercy, her visitation by day and by
night have been among the abodes where poverty
and wretchedness and wild delirium dwell. This.,
sir, is but a feeble tribute to the purity and disin-
terestedness of motive, to the excellence and en-
ergy of purpose, to the moral heroism and true
nobility of character of her whose prayer is be-
fore you in her memorial for the aid of the Gov-
ernment in behalf of suffering humanity. Look
at the picture which that memorial presents; look
at your abundant means; look at what you have
done, and are daily doing, for others; then let those
who can, reject the prayer of that petition.
A word or two now, Mr. President, in reference
to the amendment offered by the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Pettit,] which proposes to limit the
appropriation exclusively to the States in which
the public lands lie. The proposed amendment is
incompatible with the main object of the bill, and
inconsistent with all its provisions. It is an ad-
versary proposition, and as such, it may be con-
sidered as coming within the parliamentary rules
of legitimate opposition to the bill, with a view to
defeat its passage. If the Senate agree to the
amendment, it defeats the bill; if they reject it, the
vote may be taken as an indication of the judg-
ment of the Senate in favor of the bill. I am
quite* willing, therefore, that the issue should be
made upon the proposed amendment, and that the
fate of the bill be tested by that vote.
The time having arrived for taking up the spe-
cial order, on motion, the further consideration of
the bill was postponed until half past twelve o 'clock
to-rijjbrrow.
TERRITORY OP NEBRASKA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I am under obli-
gations to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] who is en titled to the floor,for
allowing me to address the Senate for a few min-
utes this morning, and I will encroach on his time
as little as possible. It was so late last evening
