1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. BAYLY. Tf he is notexcused, would not
the Sergeant-at-Aiuih be bound to bring him heie?
The SPEAKER. Then it would be impera-
tive on the Sergeant-at-Arma to bring the gentle-
man here.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRISON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a statement, befoi e the
call of the roll, upon the question before the
House.
No objection was made.
Mr. MORRISON. I will state that Mr. Ap-
pleton and Mr. Aikkk, a member from South
Carolina, paired of£upon the question pending in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—the hill to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas. I paired off with ti mem-
ber from Georgia, Mr. Ciiastaix, upon the same
question. After my return, ai.d during the day,
there has been a consultation between myself and
the member from South Carolma, and between
the friends of the member from Massachusetts
and the member from Georgia, the absentees, and
at that consultation, as the member from South
Caioiina and myself both desire to vote upon that
bill, it was arranged that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts shall be considered as paired off with
the gentleman from Georgia until one of those
gentlemen leturn. When either of the absentees
return, the arrangement will be^U an end.
The question wasthen taken on Mr. Walley's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 341,nays 2.
rio Mr. Appleton was excused.
Tending the rail on the above vote,
Mr. HILLYER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. I-fowr,.
Mr. H ILLV ER. 1 move that all further pro-
ceedings m the call be dispensed with.
Mr. SAGE I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. It being now half past six
o'clock, p. m., 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. M ATTESON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 64, nays 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon suspending further proceedings under the
cull, upon which the yeas and nays have been de-
manded and ordered.
Mr. MA URIC IS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Hon. Mr. Appiftov was ex-
cused; and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
oxier, that theie being a proposition pending to
suspend all further proceedings under the call, it
is not ir\ order to move to reconsider the vote by
which Mr. Applkton was excused.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from North
Caioiina, and ri^es that a suspension of proceed-
ings under the t all would set aside the question
with regard to Mr. Applf.ton.
Mr. WHEELER.. I move that the House
adjon rn.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order, the House having just voted upon that
question.
The question was then taken upon Mr. [Jill-
yicr's motion; and there were—yeas Tf), nays70
.By the order of flie Speaker the doors weie
then opened.
Mr. SAGE. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next, and
upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The Cleik having proceeded to call the roll 
Mr. MATTESON. I ask to be excused from
voting upon that motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late. There has
been a lesponse to the call, and the Chair decides
that the motion is not in order.
Mr. MATTESON. I did not know that there
had been any response, as in that case 1 was
aware that the motion would not be in order.
The SPEAKER. Th e motion would not be in
order for a further reason, that a gentleman can-
not ask to be excused from voting upon a motion
to adjourn; but upon questions,other than a mo- j
tion to adjourn such a motion would be in order.
Mr. MATTESON. I supposed that upon a '
motion to adjourn over the rule would be differ-
ent. 1
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sage's
motion; and" there were—yeas 48, nays 111.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn; and upon that motion 1 de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
Th* question was then taken; and theie were— J
yeas 59, nays 86. :
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move a call of the House,
and upon that motion, 1 demand the yeas and ;
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. MAUPdCE. I ask to be excused from \
voting. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the gentleman
from New Yotk be excused from voting.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a point of
order. The 42d rule reads:
" Every njeuiiu r v lio <-ha!l be in the Hon^e when the
quf^hon is put, -•hall t*ive his vote, unless the House, foi
special leason, shall excuse Inni."
I suppose it is necessary that a gentleman ask-
ing to lie excused, should assign some special
reason for Mich jeque&t.
The SPEAKER. The motion to be excused i
from voting is in order; and every gentleman will
deteimine for himself the reasons he has for
making such a request.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a point of order.
I would like to know whether the gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Mauricr] is obliged to give his
leasons for asking to be excused ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
thateveiy gentleman can determine for himself
the reasons he has for asking to be excused.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I. really wi.Ui to be
informed upon this matter. I never intend to
raise a question of Older from captious motives;
but m rtgard to this matter, I desire to be lenlly
informed about the pioper constiueiion of the
42d rule, a poition of which I have already read.
The SPEAKER. The rule seems to contem-
plate giving some special reason; but the Chair,
without reflection, supposes that it would be com-
petent for gentlemen to ask to be excused, with
or without assigning a reason therefor.
Mr. RANKS. 1 think the reasoning of the
Chair iscoriect. If t am asked to vote to excuse
or not excuse the gentleman from NewYoik, the
special leason for my vote is, that he asks to be
excused. I can then either vote in the affirmative
or negative, as I may think necessaiy.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it is
manifest, if the rule which I have read means any-
thing, that it ought to be enforced.
IV] i. L5ENSON. I rise to a question of order.
Does the gentleman from Viigmui appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
has not appealed from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MAURICE. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smitii] will give way, I will state to
the House my reasons, which will perhaps ob-
viate the necessity for any further discussion.
Mr. SMITH. With the permission of the
House, 1 will read another portion of the 42d
i ule.
" All motion** to excise a member fniin voting "hall be
made before i! o Uohm> divides, or befoie the (all ot the
veas nud nr v> 1m commenced; and thequesaon <sliall then
be Pikeii without tut liter debate."
There is an amendment to the rule, which reads
as follows:
"•That part of rule 42, which allowed a brief verbal
statement ot leason^ to lie yiven by nnv member foi jc-
quc«-tmg to be excused trom voting, reminded Januaiy 2,
1845."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
discretional y with a member whether he will give
his reasons or not for asking to be excused from
voting. The Chyir thinks that the rules a d
practice taken together will bear him out in the
decision he has ninde.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to call the
attention of the Chair to the fact that the note to
the 42d rule states that that part of the rule which
allows a brief verbal statement of reasons to be
given by any member requesting to be excused
from voting, was rescinded January 2, 1845.
Since the rescinding of that part of the rule thev
have not been permitted to give reasons, hut ihey
could ask to be excused without assigning any
reasons. That has been the piactice ever since
that part of the rule relating to this subject was
rescinded.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to be excused from
voting upon the motion to excuse the gentleman
from New York ["Mr. Maurice] from voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that thht
proposition is out of order, believing that proposi-
tions to excuse gentlemen from voting cannot bo
thus accumulated.
Mr. CAMPBELL I will not insist upon my
motion, although I do not wish to be understood
as waiving the right to make it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make this point of order
for the consideration of the Chair, that a call of the
House, and a motion to adjourn, take precedence
of all other questions; and the gentleman ennnot
make the motion to be excused, pending a vote on
thpNe,
TheSPEAKER. The Chair has decided to-
day that a motion to be excused from voting upon
a proposition to adjourn cannot be made. He
cannot, therefore, entertain such a motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now make the point of
order, that a motion for a call of the House will
take precedence of anything but a motion to ad-
journ, and therefore, that yon cannot entertain a
motion to excuse a member with any more pro-
priety than you can a question touching any other
pioposition. Suppose we did not have a quorum.
You could not excuse a member from voting with
less than a quorum present. In this way you
might stop up a call and get a quorum, and theie-
foie a call of the House must take precedence of
any other motion, except a motion to adjourn.
TheSPEAKER. The Chinr thinks the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clivc.max] is
correct. It is within the recollection of the Hom e
that the Chair peimrtted that motion to be made,
and a vote to be taken, hut it was done inpdvei t-
ently upon the part of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Journal is full of de-
cisions upon this point. I think it will be shown
by reference to the Journals, that in 1849-'50 no
person made that motion oftener than the honor-
able gentleman from North Carohna.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am obliged to the gen-
man from Ohio. I will remind the gentleman that
upon the memorable day to which he refers, the
Speaker decided that a call of the House was not
in outer, and, therefore, that there could have been
no motions to excuse gentlemen upon that propo-
sition. The motions were upon other piopost-
tions. A motion for a call of the House was not
in order, and we had no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. It would be in order for
gentlemen to give as a i eason why they would not
vote upon a motion to adjourn, that they would
rather have a full House. The reason of this is
very obvious. The Chair having had his atten-
tion called to this matter, decides that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Maurice] is not in
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. T take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to lay the appeal
upon the table; and upon that motion 1 demand
the yeas and navs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly has no
disposition to make any decision here that will
have an improper bearing unon one side or the
other in this controversy. He seeks only to en-
force and adhere to the rules as they are. The
gentleman fiorn Ohio [Mr. Campbell] appeals
from the decision of the Chair. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] moves to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mi. WHEELER. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is but a repetition of
the same question, and I make the same point of
order.
The SPEAKER. T4ie Chair cannot entertain
appeal upon appeal; such is the rule.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I am in hopes
that I can make a pioposition that will put an end
to the contest which hc«s been going on here all
day. If the House see fit to entertain the propo-
