1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
when I submitted my remarks, and I was so un-
willing to delay the Senate, that I omitted one or
two important points which I desired to notice. I
shall now do it. But as the Senator from Indiana
[JVfr/pEwrr] is not in his seat, I shall make no
personal allusion to him, but shall confine myself
strictly to the subjects I propose to consider.
Mr. President, for some years we have heard a
great deal said about what are called the funda-
mental articles of compact by which governments
for the territory northwest of the Ohio were origin-
ally instituted, and a good many erroneous im-
pressions have prevailed concerning them. What
were they ? Having lived under territorial govern-
ment in that region during many years of my life,
the history of the organization of these political
communities is perfectly familiar to me. The Con-
gress of the old Confederation, in 1787, passed a
law establishing the Northwestern Territory. It
was styled an ordinance, and many have sup-
posed that it derived peculiar solemnity from the
use of that term. But it is a mistake. Be it or-
dained, &c., was the formula of enactment before
the Constitution, and this ordinance had no more
validity than the usual acts of the old Congress.
It has been supposed, too, that the whole of this
act constituted a compact. That is an equal error.
Much the larger portion of it is occupied with the
necessary details establishing a government, and
for the appointment of its officers, and pi escribing
the mode of its administration. Five sections or
articles of it are declared to be forever binding
upon the people and States of the Union then ex-
isting, and upon the people and States to be formed
in the northwestern region, and to be irrepealable
but by common consent.
Now, sir, what is a compact? I have just ad-
verted to the Dictionary, to the old and standard
English lexicographer, to ascertain its meaning,
and here it is: "A compact is a contract, an ac-
cord, an agreement between two or more to do or
forbear something." Now, sir, in applying this
definition to the case before us, let us inquire who
were the " two or more" parties or persons by
whom this contract was made? It will be hard to
lind them. The law was passed, as 1 have said,
by the Congress of the old Confederation; and
there never was, in fact, any other party to this
compact, nor is there any pretext for it. What
did they undertake to do ? They undertook to es-
tablish five articles, containing various provisions
of more or less importance, affecting the rights and
interests of the people then occupying, or who
might in all time to come occupy, the region over
which the ordinance extended. And they declared :
that they should never be altered except in the \
mode pointed out. And will any man seriously !
contend that that is a compact? What other party j
was there to it ? There were some thousands of '
people then living in that country, not one of,
whom heard of this contract which was forever to :
bind them until years and years after its pro- i
rnulgation. It is an insult to common sense to say
that they and their posterity are bound by such a
one-sided instrument as that. The French settle-
ments upon the Wabash, in the Illinois country, i
at and in the region around Detroit, at Michili-
mackinac, at Green Bay, at Prairiedu Chien, con-
tained a large population; and, besides these, there
werenotafew American citizens scattered through
the country, and no question was everput to them
whether they approved or disapproved this cove-
nant thenceforth to bind them.
Besides, if there had not been a single man in
those regions, how could a compact be established ;
which was forever to operate upon the people and |
States thereafter to exist there, when no provision [
was made for submitting it to their assent und^P
any circumstances, or in any future time? It is j
evident, sir, that it is idle to talk of the obligatory !
nature of a compact thus declared to be such by ,
one party, without the existence of any other ,
party at the time, and without any arrangement
for procuring its concurrence when such party I
should come into existence. This ordinance is |
destitute of the first essence of mutual obliga-1
tion.
But, sir, independent of the fatal objection of ,
the want of parties, there was another equally j
fatal, and that was the want of power. Nothing !
is more certain than that the Congress of the Con-
federation had not the slightest authority to estab-
lish territorial governments; and there is no man,
who will tui n to the articles of confederation and
examine them, who will havethe least doubt upon
the subject.
Mr. Madison said, in speaking upon this sub-
ject, " ail this has been clone;" that is, govern-
ments have been organized, &c., " without the
least color of constitutional authority." And Mr.
Adams said 44 that the ordinance of 1787 had been
passed by the old Congress of the Confederation
without authority from the States,"
Then there were neither parties to this so-called
compact, nor'power to establish it. And yet we
are called upon, with a confidence that seems to
defy argument or inquiry, to pronounce these five
articles irrepealable and binding now and at all
times hereafter upon the people north of the Ohio.
What were they, these fundamental enactments?
They contained various provisions very proper
in themselves, but just such provisions as every
political community enjoying the rights of self-
government should be left to legulate for them-
selves. They provided for judicial proceedings
according to the common-law, for the benefit of the
writ of habeas corpus, right of trial by jury, and for
other objects of a similar nature connected with the
administration of justice. Now, will any man ven-
ture to say that the people of the States north of the
Ohio are forever precluded, in the progress of time
and improvement, from substituting some other
law for the old English common-law? I hope not,
for I hold it in no great respect. Cannot the writ
of habeas corpus be changed, and some other mode
adopted for the security of human liberty ? And so
with respect to the other provisions in relation to
this subject. No right feeling man, with his just
proportion of State pride, State justice, indeed,
can contend that the people of his State are always
to be marked with this badge of inferiority, and
must ask the permission of the old States to make
changes in their institutions which they may
deem essential to their prosperity.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] told
us the other day—pioved to us, indeed—that his
State had recognized the existence of slavery, not-
withstanding its eternal interdiction in the ordi-
nance of 1787. And I never heard, till recently,
that the power of the other northwestern States
to do the same thing was doubted or denied. If
they cannot, by their conventions, regulate the
condition of slavery as they please, they have not
a just political equality in the Union. I say po-
litical equality, for that is a very different question
from the power to seize the property of the United
States, which is sought to be made a test of
equality.
But look at another circumstance. One of these
fundamental articles of compact provided that there
should be three States, at least, formed out of the
Northwestern Territory, with permission to Con-
gress to make two other States, at their discretion,
being five in the whole. Now, what is the fact?
You exhausted your power under this article
when you established Wisconsin, for that made
the fifth State north of the Ohio. And yet you
have gone on and established another Tenitoiy,
Minnesota, occupying a large portion of this very
region, and with an eventual right of admission
into the Union; thus making a sixth State m the
I Northwest. The chairman of the Judiciary Com-
i mittee, Mr. Berrien, I think it was, one of the
i most respectable lawyers and statesmen that ever
sat m this body, when the Minnesota bill was up
for consideration, said the objection had been
made in committee, but that four out of live of the
• members thought it was entitled to no weight; and
I so thought the Senate, for the bill was passed, and
passed, too, with a full knowledge of the matter.
And thus the irrepealable articles of compact were
repealed. The Senator from Indiana stated that
some court had decided that this compact was for-
ever binding. I cannot say it is not, sir, but I
doubt whether his information is correct. The
court may have had before them some question
connected with the jurisdiction over the navigable
waters north of the Ohio, which, by the articles
of cession of Vnginia, were declared to he forever
free and common to all the citizens of the United
• States. The validity of this act of cession no one
j can doubt, ft was a formal agreement, executed by
i the State of Virginia and the United States, and
• by virtue of it the General Government acquired
I the territory north of the Ohio river. Undoubt-
! edly a court might well assert its binding nature.
; But this is a very different question from these
I articles of compact, winch were all on one side.
There is a mistake pervading the^rgument ot' the""
Senator from Indiana, and which is common to
those who hold the opinion he does. So far as
regards the practical operation of the ordinance of
1787, the establishment, in other words, of terri-
torial governments, no one can dispute that the
object was effected. Necessity required it, and
necessity justified it, and so far it had its validity.
But the inviolability and perpetual obligation of
these fundamental articles rest on very different
grounds, and it is a great mistake to confound
them.
Now, sir, I have a few words to say on the
subject of the power of Congress to establish gov-
ernments for the Territories. And I introduce the
matter, much less with a hope of throwing any
new light upon it myself, for I do not expect to
do so, than for the purpose of asking the attention
of the Senate to the opinion of one of the most
able and learned judges of this land, who adorns
the seat he occupies, and who supports the general
doctrine I have maintained upon this subject. The
article to which I refer was published in the Intel-
ligencer some few years ago, and a most able and
satisfactory one itis. I broughtitto the attention
of the Senate two or three years since; but as there
may be some who have not seen it, and as it
bears directly upon the issues before us, I have
thought I should perform an acceptable service by
thus directing attention to it, and by quoting a
part of it. I was authorized to mention the name
of the author, and I do so with pleasure. It is
Judge McLean. I certainly feel much gratification
that the views I have taken are supported,almost
to the letter, by the opinion of this eminent judge,
upon the particular point of a want of jurisdiction
in Congress to legislate upon the domestic con-
cernsof theTerritories. He draws the distinction
which our fathers drew between the power to es-
tablish colonial or territorial governments, and to
prescribe their outlines, and the power to interfere
with and control their domesticconcerns; to invade
their firesides, and to prescribe for them the duties
connected with the relation of husband and wife,
of parent and child, of master and servant, and
of the other family conditions, which constitute
almost all that is valuable to man in a state of
society. This difference between external organ-
ization and internal government was the very
foundation of our revolutionary struggle. The
British Government could not, or would not, un-
derstand it. After studying the matter, however,
for between seven and eight years, Lord North
finally compiehended its bearing; but the price of
the lesson was the loss of the Colonies.
Let me ask you, where do yon get your power
to govern the Territories? Put your finger upon
the clause conferring it, if you can. The power
seems to have been taken by the Government of the
Constitution from the Government of the Confed-
eration without examination, and for some years no
inquiry was instituted into its true foundation. Af-
ter awhile, however, the subject came up for prac-
j tic al consideration; and it appearing to be absolutely
I necessary that a justification should be found for
j this authority, a search was instituted for the dis-
1 covery. The first clause selected was that which
| provides that " Congress shall have power to dis-
■ pose of and regulate the territory or other property
| of the United States." Itwas impossible,however,
| thatsuchaprovision should be entirely s&tisfactoiy.
I It was not a basis on which to erect the superstruc-
j tureof a Government: and I think it has been gen-
; eially abandoned. It seems to me that no just
j rule of construction, of common sense, indeed, can
[ justify the pretension that the power to dispose
| of the public land, ex vi hnnini, confers complete
: political jurisdiction, embracing all the concerns
I of life; or, in other words, because Congress nave
• the power to sell the land, therefore they havethe
; power which has been claimed to sell the people
into slavery. And, besides, the principle wih not
meet the circumstances of thecase. Political juris-
diction, the power of government, has been exer-
! cised over extensive regions, which wove not the
' << land or territory" of the United States—over a
i laro-e portion of the State of Ohio, the country be-
i tween the Little Miami and Sciota rivers, and
! over the district reserved by Connecticut, andrun-
! mno-one hundred and twenty miles west of the
Pennsylvania line; ever seven eighths of the State
of Tennessee, much of Louisiana, and a good deal
of other States. If Congress get the power of
establishing governments from this power to regu-
/
