1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
sition I desire to present, I will afterwards reduce !
it to the form of a resolution. The proposition is j
thi«—-to allow the debate to proceed one week, I
and in the mean time, direct the Clerk of the House
to notify the three thousand clergymen who lately
sent a remonstrance against the passage of the
Nebraska bill, that they will be heard if they will
come on here, an hour each, in prayer for the suc-
cessful dispatch of our business here. [Laughter.]
But they must come on at their own expense. I
propose, also, as soon as they get through with
their prayers, that then the question upon this
bill shall be taken without further debate. 1 think
by that time the House will he in a proper tem-
per and disposition to do justice to tins bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH^ of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
rise for the purpose of expressing my astonish-
ment 
(Cries of "Oh!" "Oh!" and "Order!"]
Mr. SMITH. I simply want, Mr. Speaker,
to express my astonishment at the manner in
which 
[Renewed ct ies of " Order!" "Order!")
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
is aware that debate is not in otder.
The Chair will state to the House the question
as it now stands 
Mr. CLINGMAN". Mr. Speaker, I wish to
explain on a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first state
the question. The gentleman from New York
[Mr Maurice] asked to be excused from voting
on the motion that theie be a call of the House.
The Chair decided that the motion to be excused
was not in order. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] takes ari ttppeal from that decis-
ion. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] moves to lay that appeal on the table.
The gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Maurice]
again rises, and asks to be excused from voting
on the appeal 
Mr. MAU-RlOE, (correcting.) On the motion
to lay the appeal on the table.
The SPEAKER. Yes; and the Chair decides
that the gentleman's proposition to be excused is I
out of order, the whole being based on the original
proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I take an ap-
peal to the House from that decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that no
appeal can be taken until the previous one is dis-
posed of. This is the principle established under
the rule.
Mr. WASHBURN". *1 wish to understand by
an appeal, whether the Chair decides correctly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
that one appeal cannot be piled upon another.
There has been an appeal taken from the decision
made by the Chair, that the proposition made by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Maurice,]
to be excused fiom voting, \Tas not in oider If
this last appeal were entettamed, it would be but
an appeal upon an appeal, the whole being based
on the correctness of the decision first given
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, [ rise to
withdraw the motion which I made to lay on the
table the appeal taken by the gentleman from Ohio,
and to make a point of order that an appeal could
not be taken pending the motion for a call of the
House, which takes precedence of all other busi-
ness, in the same manner as a motion to adjourn.
The question to be decided by the appeal could
not be decided unless there was a quoium present;
and it is to ascertain whether there be a quorum
present that tt call of the House is made. The
very reason on which 1 took the first exception
applies to this, that, upon either a motion for a
call of the House, or a motion to adjourn, these
preliminary collateral questions cannot be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the appeal.
$ Mr. WHEELER. And I renew the motion
to lay the appeal on the table; and on that motion
I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The roll was then called; and there were—yeas
68, nays 90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Saturday next; ami on that motion 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to ask if this question has not been passed
upon before?
The SPEAKER. Very true, it has. But the
lapse of time—whether it be a day or an hour—
sometimes brings reasons for a change of purpose.
The Chair therefore holds that a motion to adjourn
over is in order any time before adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. MAURI CE. Upon this motion to adjourn
over, 1 as>k, Mr. Speaker, to be excused from
voting.
Mr. WHEELER. And upon that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not competent for the House to excuse a piember,
and that a member has no right to ask to be ex-
cused fiom voting on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the Chair will allow me,
I will ask a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his question of Older.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would ask the Chair
whether there is a distinction between a simple
motion to adjourn and the motion to adjourn over
one day or irioi e?
The SPEAKER. The difference is, that the
latter, if earned, carries an adjournment for a little
longer time. But the subject is not debatable, as
thegentleman from Ohio cannot but beaware; and
the Chair should be saved from enforcing the rule
on the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I reluctantly and
respectfully ask to take an appeal from the decia- j
ion of the Chair; and upon that question i call \
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
appeal made in this case by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] is not legitimate. The
Chair dislikes to be forced to make what may seem
to gentlemen to be an arbitrary decision. But if
gentlemen will reflect for a single moment, the
Chair thinks he will not be charged with having
made any arbitrary decision in the matter. There
is an appeal already pending on a case very like
the one in question, it is not competent under
the lule, nay, it is foibidden under the rule, to
pile appeals one upon another. The Chair, there-
fore, most respectfully declines to entertain the
appeal made by the gentleman from Ohio.
The roll was then called; and there were—yeas
47, nays 304.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to lay the appeal of the gentleman from
New York on the table.
Mr. WALLEY. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the House refused to adjourn
over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
motion is not m order, for the reason—and a very
palpable one it is—that the motion may be re- j
newed at any time; and where that is the case, a i
motion to reconsider cannot be m order. j
Mr. WALLEY. I move that the House do !
now adjourn; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 61, nays 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
laying the appeal upon the tabie.
Mr. MATTESON. i move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet oh Monday
next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
for the reason, that since that motion was last sub-
' mitted, the House has not transacted any business,
except upon motions to adjourn over, or to ad-
journ, in immediate connection.
Mr. MATTESON. Then I move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order at
this time.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nay a.
The SPEAKER. The Chairis reminded that
there is already a call of the House pending,and
arising out of that question is an appeal which is
pending. The question, therefore, first recurs
upon laying the appeal taken from the decision
of the Chair upon the table, and upon that prop-
osition the yeas and nays were ordered. Ths
Clerk will call the roll.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 51.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. MAURICE. I risejto a piivileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
appeal was laid upon the table; and on that mo-
tion \ demand the yeas and nays.
A Voice. Did thegentleman vote in theaffirm-
ative.
Mr. MAURICE. I did. I voted with the ma-
jority.
Mr. ORR. 1 move to lay the motion upon the
table.
Mr. MATTESON. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Maurice] to be out Of order. The" Chair could
point the gentleman to similar motions made during
this session, which were ruled to be out of order,
and which decisions were sustained by a very
large majority of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As there is now no appeal
pending from the decision of the Chair, 1 take an
appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain that
motion, as it is competent for the House, at any
time, to reverse its own decision.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.  
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I call
: for the yeas and nays.
( The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The Clerk here commenced to call the roll.
I Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House
I do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion is out of order, as the Clerk had com-
menced to call the loll.
Mr. MATTESON. Had any response been
made before I submitted the motion ?
The SPEAKER. The response was made
before, or at least, simultaneous with the motion,
and the Chair decides that the roll shall be called.
The question was then put; and there were—"
yeas 95, nays 43.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair sustained.
Pending the call,
Mr. FARLEY risked to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, pending
the call of the roll, to ask to be excused. That
request must be made before the Clerk commences
to call the roll.
Mr. FENTON also gave notice that he had
paired ofF with Hon. Mike Walsh for a short
; time.
| Mr. MATTESON. I move that when the
House adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday
i next; and upon it I demand the yeas and nays,
i Several Members. Adjourn now.
; Mr. MATTESON. I am desired by some of
j my friends to move that th6 House do now ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot sub-
i rnit both motions at once.
; Mr MATTESON. I withdraw the former
; morion and submit the latter one; and upon that
I I demand the yeas and nays.
; The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was then taken; and there were—
i yeas 72, nays 83.
j So the House refused to adjourn.
j Pending the call,
; Mr. MORTON gave notice that he had paired
I off with Mr. Grow.
I Mr LETCHER also gave notice that he had
I paired off with Mr. Taylor, until he shall return.
I A Voice. When will that be.
■ Mr. LETCHER. I do not know; but until
; he does return I have paired off with him.
| The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
i upon the motion that there be a sail of the House.
