1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
merits of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the committee
may, by unanimous consent, agree to close debate
on these Senate amendments, if there be objection,
I shall move to go into the House for the purpose
of closing- debate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. We had better go
into the House to secure the purpose indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported thatthe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the amendments
of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit the usual resolu-
tion closing debate on the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the civil and diplomatic bill in five minutes
after the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union shall resume the consideration of the
same.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill:
Second amendment:
Strike out the words " for compensation of the officers
and clerks of both Houses of Congress, $56,730," and
insert m lieu thereof the following:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others receiving an annual salary, m the service of the
Senate, .-$57,010.
For compensation of the officers and clerk3 of the House
Ol Representatives, £34,460.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike the. word " two " out of the clause " for books,
$2,000," and insert in lieu thereof the word " ten," so as
to make it read,for books, $10,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strikeout the word " eight" in the clause "for sta-
tionery, ^8,'JOO," and insert in hen thereof the word k£ fit-
teen," so as* to make it read, for stationery, $15,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence in that amendment. I
The amendment was concurred in. j
Fifth amendment: j
Add the words " six hundred dollars " at the end ot the j
clause,for newspapers, $2,UQ0," so as to make it read, 1
<ffor newspapers, $-2,600." ;
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend j
a concurrence in the amendment. i
The amendment was concurred in. !
Sixth amendment: j
Strike the. word " three " out oftheclause "for Con- [
gressorial Globe and binding the same, $-3,000," and insert
fn Ucu thereof the words '• sixty-five," feo as to make it ;
rc'id : , . , !
For Congressional Globe and binding the same, ;
jj};6o,0U0. |
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is ren- !
dered necessary by the fact that the Senate have J
passed a resolution taking a latge additional num-
ber of copies of the Congressional Globe, as they
had aright to do.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the words 11 twenty-five'* m the rIau*fi"for
repoi ting proceeding, $25,000,'5 and insei t in lieu thereof
the word " thnteen," so as to makeit read?
Foi reporting proceedings5, £13,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out the clause: "For clerks to committees and
President pro tempore, draughtsman, messengers, pages,
laborers, police, horses and carry-alls,$43,000," and insert
in lieu thereof the following :
For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses and
carry-alls, $30,000. !
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence. That
amendment is intimately connected with amend-
ment No. 2; and if we non-concur in the second
'amendment, that action makes it necessary we
should non-concur m the eighth. A good many
of the officers provided for in the clause stricken
out in No. 8 are transferred to the clause No. 2;
and if we concur in this, we thereby deprive the
Senate of the appropriation necessary to carry on
their business.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page three, after the woid u dollars," Insert as follows :
Piovided, That whenever, in the opinion of the Joint
Committee on Printing, the character ol any document or-
dered to be printed may render such change necessary and
proper, the ol the page may be changed from octavo
to quarto form ; but in no cases shall the puces to be paid
for composition and press work exceed, }>ro rata, those
established by the punting act of Augusi the 26th, 1832,
for the punting of congiesaional documents;
The clause, as amended, will read:
For paper and panting of the Senate, $^5,000, provided,
&c.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amenment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page three, after the word " thousand," strike out the
words " seven hundred and forty five," and insert in lieu
thereof the words and riueen."
The clause, as amended, reads:
For horses and carriages, $4,015.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence m that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page four, line sixty-five, after the word " hundred,"
add the words " and sixty."
The clause, as amended, reads:
For Capitol police, $3,o60.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence m the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Strikeout the words, "For compensation of librarian,
two assistant librarian*, and messenger, $4,500," and in-
! ster in lieu thereot as follows:
I For compensation ol librarian, three assistant librarians, j
i and messenger, $8,000. i
i For compensation of librarian, assistant hbiarians, and |_
j messenger, for the year ending the 30th ol June, 1854, ji
i ||
! Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and |!
| Means recommend a n(gi-concurrence in that j;
] amendment. _ ji
I The amendment was non-concurred in. ,,
Thirteenth amendment: !
| 1
I To the clause " for purchase of law books for said library,
j $2,000," add the following words: 'I
i For the completion and the publication of the work«? of ij
I Thomas Jerierson, and pay of the editor of said work, ■
! $7,200. i|
| To enable the Joint Committee on the Library of Con- , |
| gress to replace the seven volumes and alias of the Explo- \\
| nng Expedition, destroyed by the burning of the library, and : i
j the plates and othei property destroyed by the fire m Phil-
} adelphia, including binding, $9,070 75. !
! Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and .
I Means recommend a concurrence in the amend- i
; ment. _ :
i The amendment was concurred in. '
j Fourteenth amendment: j
< To the clause " for the compensation of the Secretary of i
1 State and Assistant Secretary of State," udd the follow- I
ing words: j
Chiefs of foreign desks, examiner." j
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and |
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
In the same clause strike out the words " thirty-eight
thousand seven bundled" and insert in lieu ihoreof the
words >' forty-eight thousand two hundred and fifty
The clause, as amended, reads:
For compensation of the Secretary of State and Assistant
Secretary of State, chiefs of foreign desks, examiner, clerks,
messenger, ana assistant messenger, in his office, $48,250.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, I would like
to ask the gentlemen of the Committee of Ways
and Means for an explanation in regard to this
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The explanation is this;
These amendments are made to defend a section
of the btll'which the committee will reach after a
while, and which proposes to change the names of
some of the clerks in the State Department, and
increases their compensation, and also gives an
additional number of clerks to that Department.
The Committee of Ways and Means non-concur
both in this amendment and the one which we
shall after a while reach. It falls back, therefore*
upon the existing law in relation to the compensa-
tion and the number of clerks in that Department.
Mr. PERKINS. I would ask the gentleman
from Alabama if the effect of non-concurring will
be to reduce the salaries of the head of the con-
sular bureau?
Mr. HOUSTON. It will not reduce any sala-
ries at all.
The amendment was then nan-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Insert among the items " for the incidental and contin-
gent expenses of tins Department of State," the following;
For additional compensation foi disbursing clerk and
superintendent ofthe northeast Executive Building, $200.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Add, after the appropriation " for pubh>hing the laws in
pamphlet form, and m the newspapers of the States and
Teiriiones, and m the city of Washington, $lti,5io," the
word-s:
And such sum shall be paid for publishing the law* in
California, Oregon, and Washington, as the Secretaiy of
State may deem reasonable.
Mr. HAVEN The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend an agreement.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth-amendment:
Strike out, under the head of" incidental and contingent
expenses of the Statt* Department," sfter the words "for
extra cleik hire and copying, $2,000," the following:
" Said clerks to be employed only during the session of
Congress, or when, indispensably necessary to enable the
Department to answer some call made by either House of
Congress at one session to be answered at another."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Page six, after line one hundred and thirty-seven, insert
the following:
For services of William Hunter, commissioned as act-
ing Secretary of State during the absence of Secretary
Webster, lor services as such acting Secretary in 185],
1352, and 18.>3, $1,500.
For paying to Asbury Dickins the difference between the
compensation of head of a Department and chief clerk of
a Department, for the time he acted as Secretary of State,
or Secretary ot the Tiea^ry, by an appointment of General
Jackson, to be ascertained by the proper accounting offi-
cers, a sum not exceeding §2,500.
Mr. HAVEN, rhe Committee of Ways and
Meaus recommend a non-concurrence.
i The amendment was non-concurred in.
! Twentieth amendment:
j Page seven, line one hundred and forty-nine, strikeout
, the following:
; For printing and paper for the Department of State,
: $-200.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
| Twenty-first amendment:
i Insert at the end of the appropriations for the State De-
partment:
i For the purchase of fifty setsot Howard s Reports of the
i Decisions of the Supreme Court ot the United States,
! §3,500.
i For the purchase of copies of the reports 01 the Supreme
I Court and Opinions of the Attorneys Genera) of the United
1 States for the Executive offices of the Tenitories of Kansas
i and Nebraska, $-450.
| Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
j Means recommend a concurrence,
j Mr. PECKHAM. I wouid inquire of the gen-
j tleman from New York what is to be done with
j these different sets of Howard's Reports?
