2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 81,
Mr. HAVEN. This amendment was inserted
by the Senate, and it was concurred in by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and upon the
ground that the officers of„the country and the
official wants of the country require it. There
are some additional district courts, not only in the
Territories, but in the State of California, and the
Secretary of State and some of the Departments
are destitute of them.
The amendment was then concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Insert at the end of Hie appropriations for the State De-
partment, the following:
That the act approved the 22(1 April, 1854, entilled " An
act to amend the third section of ( An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,9 and for
other purposes," shall be so construed as, in regard to in-
creased compensation ior the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June last, to include within its provisions theclerks of
the Department of State and the clerks in the Office of the
Coast Survey; and that the chief clerk in the State Depart-
ment khull receive the same compensation as the chief
clerks in the other Departments of the Government for the
last fiscal year; and that the money necessary to carry
these provisions into effect is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Strike out the clause of the bill: " For compensation of
the superintendent and four waichmen of the northeast
Executive Building, $2,250," and insert in lieu thereof:
For compensation of four watchmen of the northeast
Executive Building, $'2,400.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment.
Stiikeout the following from the original bill: " For com-
pensation of the Secretary of the Treasury and Assistant
Secroiary of the Treasury, clerks, messenger, and assist-
ant messenger m his office ,$52,000 ;
" For compensation of the First Comptroller, and the
clerks and messenger in Jus office, $34,501);
li For compensation of the Second Comptroller, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, $25,500;
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the clerks,
messenger, and assistant messenger in his office, $30,900;
•' For compensation of the Second Ajiditor, and the
clorks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his office,
$U,7U0;
" For compensation of the Third Auditor, and the clerks,
messengers, and assistant messenger m his office, $66,950;
" For compensation y> temporary clerks, employed in the
office of the Third Auditor on bounty, land service, and
arrears of pay, $2%608 : Provided, That no clerk shall re-
ceive more than at the rate of $ 1,000 per annum under
this act, except one, whose salary shall be $1,600 per an-
num, and four whose compensation shall be four dollars
p<jr day;
" For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his office,
#25,200;
" For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $12,300 ;
" For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office De-
partment, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messen-
ger in his office, $130,600 ;
" For compensation of the Treasurer of the United States,
and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his
office, $21,500—the office of assistant messenger being
hereby created, at an annual salary of $500;
u For compensation of the Register ot the Treasury, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messengers in his
#36,950; ^
" For compensation of the Solnffor of the Treasury, and
the clerk* and messenger m his office, $12,500 ;
" For compensation of the Commissioner of Customs, aud
the clerks aud messenger in hi« office, $17,700;
" For compensation of the clerks and messenger of the
Light-House Board, $7,600;"
—and insert in lieu thereof, as follows:
For compensation of ihe Secretary of the Treasury and
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks, messengei,
and assistant messenger in his office, $46,650;
For compensation oi the First Comptroller, and the clerks [
and messenger in his office, $30,050 ;
For compensation oi the Second Comptroller, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, $26,150 ;
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the clerks
and messengers in his office, $37,900 ;
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and the clerks
and messengers in his office, $36,100 ;
Foi compensation of the Third Auditor, and the clerks
and messengers m his office, $121,85));
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and the cleiks
and messenger iu his office, $29,300;
For compensation of the Futh Auditor, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $15v550;
For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office De-
partment, arid the clerks, messenger,and assistant messen-
ger in his office, $163,300;
For compensation of the Treasurer of the United States,
ana the clerks and two messengers in his office, one addi-
tional messenger being heicby created therefor, $26,900;
For compensation of the Register of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messenger in his office, $51,700;
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messenger in his office, $16,850;
For compensation of Commissioner of Customs, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, $19,750;
For compensation of the clerks and messenger of the
Light-House Board, $8,550.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means.recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment. The amendment is to make the ap-_
propriation conform to the increased compensation*
of the clerks in the Departments. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence, for the purpose of placing the compensation
of the clerks under the existing laws. We have
another amendment which provides for the in-
crease.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would call the at-
tention of the chairman of theCommittee of Ways
and Means to an amendment which that commit-
tee have recommended to be made to the matter
the Senate have proposed to strikeout. We pro-
pose to strike out in the two hundred and thirty-
second line the words " §36,950," and to insert
"$41,750."
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is correct. That is to provide for three
additional clerks authorized by the deficiency bill.
The clause, if amended, would read:
For compensation of the Register of the Treasury, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messengers in his
office, $41,750.
Mr. HOUSTON. The recommendation, then,
is to disagree to the whole amendment with an
amendment.
Mr. JONES. I think the proper course would
be first to amend the clause proposed to be stricken
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
not be in order to go back to the original text of
the bill.
Mr. JONES. The clause proposed to be
stricken out has not gone out of the control of the
House. The Senate has refused to concur in it,
and it is therefore brought again before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
not be in order.
Mr. JONES. Then let it go. Let the vote be
taken upon concurring in the whole amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Mr. ROBBINS. Now, I suppose, it will be in
order to strike out and insert, so as to provide a
compensation for these three clerks?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the committee cannot go back to amend
the original text of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion was to dis-
agree to the Senate amendment with an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
motion would have been in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the motion I
originally made.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will en-
tertain the motion to strike out " $36,950," and to
insert in lieu thereof " $41,750."
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to go back and
to move to strike out ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to go
back to the original text. The gentleman from
Alabama moved that the committee non-concur in
the amendment of the Senate with an amendment.
The Chair should have put both motions at the
same time. He did not then understand the gen-
tleman from Alabama, and now puts the motion
which ought to have been put before.
Mr. OLDS. Is it parliamentary to non-concur
with amendments ? 1 think not; but it is in order
to move to strike out and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. If the question of order
is raised and insisted upon, the Chair must decide
the motion cannot be made; for you cannot touch
the original text.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ohio
is so fond of questions of order, I must submit.
The amendment is only to increase theappropria-
tion in order to pay the legal salaries of clerks
created by ourselves.
Mr. OLDS. Gentlemen can move to strike
out and insert. I only desire that we may pro-
ceed according to the rules which we have adopted
to regulate our proceedings.
Mr. HAVEN. What becomes of the amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has been
ruled out of order, and the Senate amendment
non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
For additional compensation for disbursing clerks and
superintendent* of Executive buildings, provided in the
third section of the act of 3d 'March, 1853, entitled " An
act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854," for the Treasury Depaitment, $600.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
For revision of the revenue laws already made, and a
report showing the changes and alterations therein, .<$oa0'J0.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. FULLER. I hope that thecommittee will
concur in the twenty-sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate. The Secretary of the Treasury has prepared
a codification of the revenue laws, which will
make a volume of about three hundred pages. It
changes, in many respects, all the existing laws
on the subject. That communication has been
sent to the Senate, and will be printed during the
vacation. Congress will be called upon to act on
the subject at the next session. Any gentleman
familiar with the codification of statutes knows
that it is necessary, where you change th'e law, to
have it numbered and accompanied by explana-
tory notes. I believe this amendment of the Sen-
ate important and necessary because the Commit-
tees on Commerce of the Senate and this House
have had this subject under their consideration
during the whole of the present session. Both
committees believe that this appropriation for the
purpose of preparing this report in the vacation
will be an economical expenditure of the public
money, and will greatly add to the proper under-
standing of the bill when the House will be called
to act on the subject at the next session.
For these reasons in brief—and I would like to
go more into detail, but will not take up. the time
of the committee—I hope that the committee will
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, by way of justification of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and in answer to the gentle-
man from Maine, that for this revision of the rev-
enue laws this House, at the present session,
passed a bill appropriating $5,000. Ten thousand
dollars was asked for; but it slipped up after dis-
cussion, and it was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. The committee reported back
in favor of allowing $5,000 for the codification of
these laws. This gentleman was appointed some
time last year. My friend suggests that it is an
onerous business to compile and codify these
laws. It was the opinion of the Committee of
Ways and Means then—and it was their opinion
now—when acting upon this bill, and it was the
opinion of the House and Senate this session, that
the $5,000 provided for in that bill was a full and
sufficient compensation; and I hope the House
will not concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FULLER. I move to increase the amount
one dollar, in order that I may make a brief ex-
1 planation.
It will be remembered that the appropriation of
$10,000 for this purpose was inserted in the civil
and diplomatic bill of last year; but by a mistake
or omission of the engrossing clerk, the amend-
ment was not incorporated in the act. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury employed persons to cod-
ify the laws; and it was not until the work had
partially progressed, that the omission was dis-
covered. The appropriation was originally for
$10,000, as it should have been. It is true, that
§5,000 have been appropriated. That amount of
j money has been expended, and the commissioner
when he got it quit the work. Since that time,
| the Secretary has summoned to his aid two of the
j clerks in his Department, who have worked at
I nights in order to complete this revision. It is stilt
1 an imperfect work, and incomplete in its character
for the want of this report to accompany it; and it
isfor that purpose I ask an appropriation of
$5,000.
Mr. HAVEN. This, I am free to say, is turn-
