1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
ing out a little different from what I supposed. It
would seem, from the explanation given by my
fiiend from Maine, that the commissioner to
whom we paid §5,000 has cheated us. We paid
him $5,000 for doing the entire work, and nobody
eise had anything to do with it. We employed
nobody else to do it. He speaks of commissioners.
There was but one man employed, and I believe
we paid him $5,000. If there be any truth in the
fact, as suggested by him, that he has abandoned
the contract, and failed to finish the report, that is
an additional reason why we should not pay the
advance now asked to anybody else. But I un-
derstand the facts differently from my friend from
Maine. I understand that it is trying to ring in
again the additional §5,000 that both Houses re-
fused to give the commissioner when the subject
was under consideration before. I should think
that $5,000 was pretty good pay for a gentleman
coming from the interior of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. It is more than justices of the Supreme
Court get. I have nothing further to say.
Mr. LETCHER. Who is to get this money?
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Waysand
Means understood it was to be appropriated here
for the benefit of the commissioner. 1 have under-
stood itwasfor him. I understand the gentleman
from Maine now to say, thatthecommissioner has
backed out and left his work, and that he wants
this sum. of #5,000 for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the clerks who were engaged at nights
upon this work. If this is true, it was dishonor-
able on the part of the commissioner to abandon
the work; and, for one, I am not disposed to vote
money to pay any one eise in advance for work
until it is done.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to correct the state-
ment of the gentleman from New York. If the
committee had investigated this subject as I have,
I think they would concur m this amendment of
the Senate. In the first place, I do not know that
Judge Barrett was employed for any particular
time. He worked so long as he was employed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, for the com-
pensation agreed to be paid him. The act orig-
inally contemplated three commissioners. I can
say to gentlemen of the committee, that this work
of codifying the laws is a work of great labor. I
will say further, in order to have a proper under-
standing of the matter, that I care not who does
the work, or how much compensation you give
for the service; but it is important that we should
have a report showing the difference between the
old revenue laws and the present law.
Mr. FULLER, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend the amendment
by increasing the appropriation five dollars. I
propose this amendment for the purpose of being
able to say a word or two in explanation of the
conduct of this commissioner, in reply to the re-
marks of one of the members of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Hayen.] The com-
missioner came here to codify the revenue laws.
His salary was fixed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. Congress appropriated $10,000 for the
purpose, instructing the Secretary of theTreasury
to devote that sum to the payment of the service
of the three commissioners to whom the work
was to be assigned. They were unwilling, how-
ever, to undertake the work for the consideration
of $10,000. Two of them, therefore, refused to
serve, leaving the other commissioner to com-
mence the work. He did s'o; and Congress made
an appropriation of $5,000 last session to pay the
'expenses of that compilation, including not only
the salary of the codifier, but the salaries of clerks,
the expenses of office, &c.
Your codifier refused to serve any longer at
that pay. Had he not a right to do so ? He came
here for no express time. Is he bound to stay
here four or five years without sufficient remuner-
ation from the Government? He was at liberty
to leave whenever he pleased; and if his pay were
insufficient, that was a good reason for him to
leave; and he exercised that right. What reason
can be found by the Committee of Ways and
Means, or by this House, to refuse to appropriate
this commissioner a sufficient amount of compen-
sation ? Congress authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to employ whom he chose for that work;
and the person employed had, of course, a right
to leave when he thought proper. This right the
commissioner exercised.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
will recollect that early in the present session this
whole subject was fully debated here. The law
and resolution of a late session authorized the
employment of three commissioners for the pur-
pose of revising the revenue laws. The Secretary
of the Treasury, for reasons that are known to
this committee, did not employ three commis-
sioners, but he employed one. That gentleman
expected, as he served, to get $10,000, which aum,
it was believed, would be appropriated for the
work. This House and the Senate, on discus-
sion, and on investigation of the subject, deter-
mined at this session to appropriate but $5,000 for
the purpose, believing that that would be ample
compensation for one commissioner. And now
it is proposed in this bill to pay the additional
$5,0U0 for him. I hope that will not be done.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FULLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation ten dollars.
I am unwilling, Mr. Chairman, that a question
of so much importance as i know this to be should
go out sideways on an attack upon the commis-
sioner appointed by the Secretary of theTreasury,
or on the point of the difference between $5,000 to
$10,000. Gentlemen will understand that this
I project to codify the revenue laws of the United
1 States involved an examination of all the statutes
j passed since the establishment of theGovernment,
of ail your Treasury circulars, of all the decisions
of the Supreme Court, and of the thousand and
one different and modified tariff laws which have
been passed.
This whole subject has been taken up, and has
been codified, and the report will be presented to
the House, for its action, at the commencement
of the next session of Congress. Now, sir, when
that question shall come up, the members of this
House will want to act understanding^ upon it,
and I say it is necessary that we should have,
with that law, the accompanying report, number-
ing each amendment, one, two, three, &c., and
referring to the old act, so that we can understand
what it is. I say the §5,000 recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury is necessary, ana the
woik will be, for this House, a most useful and
beneficial one. But 1 do not want, as 1 said be-
fore, to have this question shoved off in a side-
ways manner.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know who is to
get the money, if Judge Barrett has resigned ?
Mr. FULLER. I am willing to leave that to
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
as he has his reputation at stake upon it.
Mr. LETCHER. This money is wanted, as
the gentleman says, for two persons who have
been working at nights upon this matter. I want
to know who these two persons are who are to
receive it; for it looks to me very much like a de-
mand for extra compensation in a roundabout
way.
Mr. FULLER. I say the work would be in-
complete without the report.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman told us in
his opening remarks that three of those men had
worked at night, and that this money was wanted
to cover the expense of that sort of work. Now,
I want to know who the persons are, whether
they are salaried officers or not; and if they are,
who they are. The gentleman ceitamly knows;
can he inform the House?
Mr. HAVEN. If there is a moment of the
gentleman's time left, I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from Maine is still mistaken, and that he
is not more enlightened than the rest of us. He
says that this money is not wanted to pay for any
work which has already been done. But the very
language of this amendment is, " for revision of
the revenue laws already made."
I desire now to say one word in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] I
have not attacked Judge Barrett. I eay that, upon
' the hypothesis which the gentleman from Penn-
i sylvania himself has presented, he has behaved
! dishonorably; but I do not think he has; and I
I hope the truth will turn out differently from what
i they allege. The law, which was passed some
1 time ago, was so stringent that it required the
Secretary of the Treasury to report to us, the first
; week of the next session of Congress, the items of
1 money which he has paid out of that $5,000.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ful-
ler's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon agreeing with the
Senate amendment, it was put; and decided in the
negative.
So the' amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Strike out, under the head, " Light-House Board," the
following:
"For paper and printing of the Treasury Department, in-
cluding paper, printing, and bmdtng the annual 'State-
ment of Commerce and Navigation,' and for paper and
printing the annual< Estimates af Appropriation,' $17,200."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Page seventeen, line three hundred and ninety-five, in-
sert the words (l eight hundred," so that the clause shall
read:
For compensation of eight watchmen of the southeast
Executive Building, $4,800.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Strike out the clause: " For compensation of the Sec-
retary of the I merior, and the clerks, messengers, and labor-
ers, m his office, $29,8^0," and insert in lieu thereof:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior, and
the clerks and messengers in his office, $28,400.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Insert und^r the head of " Department of the Interior"
the following:
For paying of laborers, $1,095.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
In line four hundred and twenty-eight strike out
" $139,500," and insert " $165,050," so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Othce, and the recorder, draughtsman, assistant
draughtsman, clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, and
packers xn his office, $165,050.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Tn line four hundred and thirty-one strike out" S3,000,"
and insert " $2,190," so that the item will read:
For compensaUon of six laborers, $2,190.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
In line four h undred and fifty strike out$27,800," and
in«ert " §29,QUO," so that the item will read:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fair?, and the clerks, messenger and assistant messenger in
his office, ,9v)0.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Meafts recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Strike out "For compensation of the Commissioner of
Pensions, and the clerks and messengers in his office,
£•66.800.
" For compensation to thirty temporary clerks employed in
the oflice of the Commissioner o! Pensions, $31,300: Pro-
vided, That no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of
£3 33 per day," and insert in hen thereof:
For rent of building on Seventh street, for the office of
Indian Affairs, commencing the 12th of June, 185-i, at
§1,200 per annum, $1,263 33;
For compensation of four watchmen for building oecu-
' pied by the oflice of Indian Affairs, commencing the 15th
1 ot June, 1£54, $2,500;
I For fuel and lights, and necessary fixtures for warming
1 and lighting the rooms occupied by the office of Indian Af-
fairs, §616;
' For compensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
i the clerks and four messengers in his office, $108/200.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I propose that the question
shall first he taken upon striking out. 1 then pro-
pose to move to insert what the Senate substitute
under the head of Indian Aflfairs where it prop-
erly belongs.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
