1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
would make them and their posterity an inde-
pendent home.
After we have paid the soldier we all ought to
stand on equal footing. No bill ought to be pro-
posed here that has class legislation about it. No
act of this free Republic ought to bear on its face
discrimination between the rich and thepoor. We
ought to make our laws equal and just. We
ought to encourage our people to be enterprising
by placing them on a common level in respect to
the public domain, which was obtained by our
common blood and by our common treasure. We
have, by our blood, labor, and treasure, purchased
all the land and the territory belonging to us all;
and, in the distribution of this land, the citizens
of the whole States and of the Territories ought
to be consulted.
Mr. Chairman, I return my thanks to the com-
mittee for the courtesy and kindness with which
they have listened to my extended remarks. I had
no intention of trespassing on their time to-day,
and therefore 1 had not prepared myself with notes;
indeed, I did not know that I should ever be able
to get the floor to speak on the subject; and I was
not aware that I could obtain it now, until two
minutes before I ro.se to address you. But, lest I
might never have another opportunity of address-
ing the committee on the subject, I was disposed
to give them a small sprinkling of a speech, and
hope they have got enough of it to make them
pause and consider well before they acton the im-
portant questions concerning the disposition of the
public lands.
Mr. GROW said the best disposition which can
be made of the public lands is in the manner pro-
posed in the bill now pending. The gentleman
who had just taken his seat objected to the bill, on
the ground that an invitation would be extended
to the paupers of the Old World to come hither,
and partake of its generous provisions. He would
ask the gentleman, and every other who opposes
the bill, whether it is not better, as the population
of the Old World will find a home here, to fasten
them to an interest stronger than the oath of alle-
giance?
But few men desert the land of their fathers and
the home of their childhood from choice. Most
of them are driven hither by dire necessity. These
men, he repeated, must and will come. Would it
not be better to make these men good citizens, in-
stead of having them a curse to themselves and
the cities in which they may locate ?
He stated various reasons why the bill should
be passed, and contended that its effect would not
only be to increase the wealth of the country, but
to expand the blessings of country and of home,
and strengthen the defenses of the Union. He
argued that the public land should no longer be a
source of revenue to the Government. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
hod not intended to indulge in any remarks upon
this question; and, as the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Dent] said, " I am without notes," though
1 do not know that that makes much difference.
But I really desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee very briefly to a few of the objections to
this bill which are obvious to my mind, and which,
I trust, will be considered as entitled to some con-
sideration.
In the first place, I wish it to be understood that
I totally deny the right or power of this Govern-
ment to give away the common property of the
Union. There is no proposition so clear to my
mind as that there is no right or power on the
part of this Government to make a gratuitous do-
nation of any pait of the public property to a por-
tion of the people of this Union. I do not intend
to dwell upon this branch of the subject, but 1 ask
gentlemen by what process of reasoning they
come to the conclusion that this Government has
a right to give land to the poor man or to the rich
man, and at the same time has no right to give
money out of the public Treasury ? There are
now twenty-odd millions of dollars in the Treas-
ury. Have we a right to  ive away that money
to those who want itp No one will pretend that
we have, and yet you undertake, by this bill, to
give millions of acres of the public domain to those
who choose to occupy it.
But that is not all. This bill proposes to give
to foreigners just arrived in the country the right
to go and settle on these hnds. The foreigner
who lands in New York to-day, would have the
same right that an American citizen would have,
to go and take possession of a portion of the pub-
lic lands. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dawson,] whointroduced this bill, when that
objection was made by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Dent,] said that the benefits of the bill
were intended to be confined to those now in the
country. I put it to his candor, if the principle of
the bill does not equally include all who may here-
after arrive ?
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. The gentleman
appeals to me, and I will answer him at once, if
he desires it.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman will have an op-
portunity of answering me, and I beg him to do
it. The Irishman or German who arrived to-day
would have the right; the Irishman or German
who arrived to-morrow would not have the right.
Upon what principle of discrimination can the
gentleman make the distinction which is involved ?
I cannot, for the life of me, see it.
But the bill is most manifestly unjust in other
respects. It eccially gives to the wealthy portion
of the people of this country the same right that
it gives to the poor. When I heard gentlemen
speak of the great benefits which the bill was to
confer upon the poor and the destitute, I sup-
posed, of course, that its provisions were confined
to them. But not so; the wealthiest portion of the
people of our country would have the same right,
under this bill, to go and occupy one hundred and
sixty acres of the public lands as the humblest
and poorest. I should like to know on what prin-
ciple that is fair? 1 cannot see it.
Again: Look at the operation of this bill. I
know that it is a great bill for the West; and I do
not blame western gentlemen if they can reconcile
their conscience to the constitutional objection for
voting for it. A man in the West, with four hardy
sons, if this bill becomes a law, takes the benefit
of its provisions, and perhaps locates on the very
land around the school-house for which he in-
tended laying out his money. Under the bill the
whole public land will be occupied by western men.
Everybody sees the operation of it. There is not a
gentleman from the West who does not know that
to be'its immediate operation. Take my district:
I represent the adjoining town of Alexandria.
What chance have my constituents to locate land
around your school-houses in the new settlements
of the West, when the sons, the hardy sons of the
actual settlers, are ready to pounce on it? Long
before any that I represent, or any represented by
eastern men, can reach there, the valuable portion
of the land will have been located by those who
are there, and who have none. But, whether they
have land oi not, it makes no difference; for a man
with ten thousand acres has the right to locate one
hui>died and sixty acrcs alongside of the poorest
man. Is that just and equal ? I ask this commit-
tee whether it can perpetrate such an outrage?
That is not all. Theoperation of this bill should
be just and equal. We have millions of mechanics j
throughout the eastern, and, to some extent, ,
throughout the southern portion of this Uni^-n, l
engaged in 'he various branches of industrial pur- j
suits. What chance have they to get homesteads' ;
1 put the question. I go to Pennsylvania—men 1
who are engaged in the iron business; I go to the
workshops of the East—those for the construc-
tion of machinery; I go to the town of Alexandria,
where there are a number of workshops, and I
ask what chance have those mechanics to enjoy
the benefits of this bill? They are told that they
may pull up their stakes and go to the West. But
they cannot prosecute their trade out there. They
cannot squat on one hundred and sixty acres each
ands^tup machine-shops. No, sir; their very oc-
cupation shuts them out from the enjoyment, of this
property, though it may be that every Saturday
night, when they receive their pay, the currcntac-
tual family obligations demand the appropriation
of every cent of it. Is there equality in this? No;
it is a gross, outrageous inequality; and I am only
astonished to see so many men here engaged m
advocating this bill, disregarding the constitutional
objection, when its necessary operation is so evi-
dently unjust.
But this bill has most extraordinary features.
It actually provides ihat the property thus ac-
quired shall not be responsible for debt. A man
may incur obligations, but you cannot get hold of
him. Not even that; you cannot subject it to the
tax-gatherer, The very tax that is assessed on
these very lands cannot be collected. The com-
mittee will readily see this objection.
Another thing: There are, as it is well known,
a very large portion of those who reside in the At-
lantic States, poor, and live from hand to mouth,
and yet who live well. How are they to get to
the West, and where the public land is? The
wealthy will easily be able to send out a number
of persons to occupy these sections under arrange-
ment, by which they will accumulate in their
hands a large portion of them. A wealthy man
can make an arrangement with a certain class of
the poor people, and have it signed, sealed, and
delivered, so that he will accumulate in his hand
a large amount of the public land. Yet, sir, this
bill provides in no respect against that. We
know the fact that these arrangements have been
made, and will be made again; and, under this
bill, they will operate to a very great and mischiev-
ous extent.
But I here take occasion to say—and I shall
thus conclude my remarks—that it is the most ex-
traordinary thing: I have ever known that the pro-
visions of this bill—drawn as they are, and em-
bracing the principles they do—should be forced
on to final action before this House, while there
are hundreds and thousands of the soldiers who
served in the war of 1812, and in the Indian wars,
who are denied the provisions which they seek,
and which, it seems to me, ought to be accorded
to them.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, regarded the home-
stead bill as second in importance to no other bill.
He was m favor of it, not because by giving up a
part of the public domain to be occupied the re-
mainder will be more valuable to the Government
than all of it was before the occupation; nor was
he in favor of it for any of the more current and
popular reasons for it, but he was in favor of the
bill because he was in favor of what he interpreted
to be the admission that Government does not
own the land, and that the landless do own it.
He hoped that this bill would get the favor and
vote of this committee, and yet he could not hope
that his reasons for it would meet the approba-
tion of the majority of this committee; hut he did
hope the committee would tolerate him for his rea-
sons. He then proceeded to argue that the lands
belong to the landless, and that lar^J monopoly
has reduced the great mass of mankind to abject
poverty. [See Appendix for speech.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time has now arrived
fixed by the House for the termination of the de-
bate upon this bill. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dawson,] who reported it, is now
entitled to the floor for one hour, if he desires to
occupy it.
Mr." SMITH. Of course I should like more
time to continue my remarks, if it be the pleasure
of the committee to grant it. 1 am, however, en-
tirely at their disposal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I hope thegen-
tleman will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. COX. 1 hope not. The House has decided
that all debate shall close at three o'clock, and I
j trust that its order will be strictly executed.
I Mr. HUGHES. I would ask if the gentleman
I from New York cannot proceed by unanimous
1 consent.
A Member. I object.
Mr. EW1NG. 1 would suggest that we might
have the unanimous consent of the House to ac-
complish more than simply to give one gentleman
an opportunity of speaking. I believe there are
quite a number of us who would like to speak,
and with a view of extending the time allowed for
:j debate upon this bill, f would suggest that we go
i! into the House for that purpose. _
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
;! Gentlemen that debate is closed, and that it15 not
j1 in the power of the committee to extend it. The
!! Chair would also suggest, that it will be impossible
ij to accomplish such a purpose by going into the
i; House. A motion was made to reconsider the vote
i i by which the resolutiontclosing debate was adopted,
and the motion laid upon the table, placing it out
of the power of the House to extend the debate.
]j Mr.'FLORENCE. Is it not competent for the
;j committee to lay aside this bill for the present,
!i and take up some other bill upon the Calendar,
ij noon which the debate may proceed?
;j 'The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The resolution
;! of the House fixes the time when the debme shall
!! close, and then prescribes that the committee shall
