40*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
then proceed to vote upon sueh amendments as
are pending, or may be offered to the bill, and
shall report the same to the House. Theorderis
positive, and the committee can proceed to the
consideration of no other business until it has been
executed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was under the impression
that the committee had the power to lay aside this
bill and take up another.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. COBB desired to obtain the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
announced to the committee that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. I am aware of that, but if the
gentleman does not wish to avail himself of his
privilege, 1 should be giad to occupy a portion of
his time.
A Member. You can not do that.
Mr. DAWSON. Instead of availing myself
of my privilege and right to make another hour
speech, I shall confine myself exclusively to re-
plying, as briefly as possible, to the objections
which have been made to the bill now under con-
sideration.
In the first place, I will notice the objections
which have been brought forward by the honorable
gentleman front Virginia, [Governor Smith ] He
objects to the passage of this bill, because he con-
siders it a violation of the Constitution of the
United States. 1 had hoped that I had met that
objection satisfactorily in my opening speech upon
this subject; but whether I succeeded in satisfying
the gentleman from Virginia or riot, to obviate all
difficulty touching any constitutional question
which may be involved, 1 will read in full the pro-
vision contained in the third section, fourth article,
of the Constitution, to which I merely referred in
my opening speech. The language is as follows:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and iemulations respecting the territoiy or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing
in this Constitution s?iidif be ho cou>t  ued a& to prejudice any
claims of the United States, or of any paittenlar State."
I think the power which this bill asserts is there
clearly set forth in plain and positive language.
But I will turn the attention of the gentleman from
Virginia, and of the committee, to the exercise of
that power by the Congress of the United States,
which may be found by reference to the act, (Uni-
ted Stdtes Laws, volume 1, page 583, old edition,)
by which four hundred acres of land were granted
by Congress to each of the French and Canadian
inhabitants who were settlers in Illinois.
To the act of March 3, 1791, by which five
thousand four hundred acres were granted to the
inhabitants of Vincennes.
To Statutes at Large, volume 1, page 442, by
which twenty-four thousand acres of the public
land were granted to the French inhabitants of
Galltopolis.
To United States Statutes at Large, volume 1,
pa^e 257, by which one hundred thousand acres
of land were granted to the Ohio Company of
Associates, for each male person not less than
eighteen years of age, being an actual settler,
1 will also refer the honorable gentleman to the
recent act of Congress of the 27th of February,
1850. by which donations of the public lands m
the Territory of Oregon were made to actual settlers,
varying m quantity from one hundred and sixty
to six hundred and forty acres to each person. I
never heard the constitutionality of that act called
in qunlian. Virginia herself, by a liberal policy,
has made numemus and extensive giants of her
lands for a rne e nominal consideration, with a
viesv to settlement and improvement.
But all doubt as to the constitutional power of
Congress to mnke grants of the public domain to
individuals, with a view to settlement and cultiva-
tion, vanishes on refeir.ng to the fact that Con-
gress, by numerous acts, has granted to individ-
uals, for military service, 24,84J ,979 acres, and for
the construction of canals, lai'roads, internal im-
provements, and the improvement of navigable
streams, 18,553,700 acres. Hence I think it a
very late day tor the gentleman from Virginia to
interpose constitutional objections.
Another objection which the gentleman makes
to the hiil is, that it is not confined, in it? provis-
ions, to thobe who have no land. Why, I am
sumnsed that an objection of that kind should be
made. For my part, I utterly repudiate all re-
strictions or anything that may approximate to ,
agrarianism in the disposition of the public lands.
In all my speeches and remarks upon this ques-
tion, I have endeavored to strip it of every objec-
tion of such a character. One of the great con-
trolling considerations with me is to make the
public domain productive, to secure its settlement,
to increase the agricultural productions of the
country, and, consequently, to increase the aggre-
gate of the national wealth; to enlarge the basis
of our commercial interests, to add to the national
revenue, to build up our cities, to extend our com-
mercial marine, so thatthe ocean shall be whitened
with the sails of our commerce; to make us pros-
perous at home, and to people our broad country
from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Hence, the lan-
guage of this bill has been carefully selected, so
that its provisions may be extended to ail. 1
would extend the privileges, which it proposes to
confer,"to every man, no matter how much prop-
erty he may possess, if he is willing to abandon
that property to make a settlement in the wilder-
ness, to reclaim the waste and wet lands, to fell
the forest, to make roads, to build towns, villages,
churches, and school-houses, and to make it pro-
ductive and prosperous.
Another objection which the gentleman opposes
to this measure is, that a large portion of the pop-
ulation of this country is engaged in mechanical
pursuits, and therefore that they cannotavail them-
selves of the privileges of this bill. Why, sir, it
was never contemplated that this bill should force
any one from his natural pursuit. It must be left
entirely to the judgment of each man, and to the
advantages it may promise him. Many of the
mechanics of the New England States, and of the
States situated on the sea-board, have already
abandoned their mechanical pursuits, and have
settled in the West. If others wish to do the
same, they will have the privilege under this bill.
I If, on the other hand, they prefer to remain in the
\ land of their birth, around those old court-houses,
where civilization is positively reliograding, where
population is comparatively diminishing, where
energy is being exhausted, as it were—if they
prefer to remain there, in that condition of things,
why we of the West will offer no objection.
We, who take pridein our noble streams; we, who
gather energy from the magnificence and extentof
our forests and prairies, from our smiling villages
and cultivated fields, and the hum of industry that
everywhere characterizes the onward march of the
western people—for in the great valley of the Mis-
sissippi all is life, energy, and action; the rivers are
covered with the most extensive commercial marine
on the face of the globe, while the cities are the busy
theaters of commercial industry—we will not then
complain if you refuse to emigrate; we will not
invade your domain, but we will permit you to
enjoy it to the fullest extent.
Another objection which the gentleman has urged
against this bill, and urged with vehemence, that
is evidence of his sincerity and candor, is that
the land granted by it will be forever exempt from
taxation and from sale for debt. I regret that the
honorable gentleman from Virginia did not exam-
ine the provisions of the bill with his usual care
and ability, before he made that objection.
Mr SMITH of Virginia. I did not say that it
would be exempt forever.
Mr. DAWSON. Then for how long?
Mr. SMITH. The term provided for in the
bill is five years.
Mr. DAWSON". Yea, sir, five years. Is there
any objection to that ? That is, as long as the title
remains in the Government. If you strike that
out, it will be a bill forthe benefit of creditors, and
not a homestead bill.
Mr. SMITH. Yet allow me for a moment, I
will state, though the bill itself seems to contem-
plate an exemption for five years, that really it is
so drawn as to make the exemption forever. If
: the gentleman will read it, he will see that the
i sentence is awkward, and beais that construction,
i Mr. DAWSON. In order that there may be
j no difficulty about the language of the bill 1 shall
! read it. It is as follows :
"Sec. 4, Jind be it, further enacted, TSiat all land ac-
quued under the provisions of this aet, f-hall, m no event,
become liable to the satisfaction of ativ debt ot debts con-
tracted pnoi to the inning of the patent theiefoi."
"Prior to the issuing of the patent therefor."
That exempts debts incurred prior to the issuing of
the patent.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly; the land is not to be
responsible for debts incurred prior to the issuing
of a patent, and it is never to be responsible. It
is to be in mortmain forever.
Mr. DAWSON. That is for the old debts ?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. That is what I want. It is an
important and valuable provision; and I shall
maintain it to the last.
Mr. SMITH. The land itself may bethe'seat
of a town, and the man who owns it may be worth
millions, and yet it cannot be responsible for debt.
Mr. DAWSON. That is supposing a remote
improbability. The liability for debts contracted
after the issuing of the patent commences at once;
; hence they will not go into mortmain for ever, as
i the gentleman supposes. It surprises me to hear
j that objection from a gentleman who resides in the
| Old Dominion, the mother ofStates and statesmen.
; I would ask him whether the lands in Virginia can
j be sold for debt?
' Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
j Mr. DAWSON. Since when?
j Mr. SMITH. Ever since I can remember, in
I one way or the other.
j Mr, DAWSON. Do I understand thegentle-
' man to say, that, under the law of Virginia, the
. fee-simple in land can be sold for debt?
! Mr. SMITH. Most assuredly,
j Mr. DAWSON. How long has that been the
i case?
| Mr. SMITH. Ever since T remember, and I
| am getting a little older than I like to remember.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. That is new law to me.
Mr. SMITH. But it happens to be so. We
in Virginia have always attached a value to land
which we did not to chattels.
Mr. DAWSON. So do we in Pennsylvania.
[Laughter.] It is a higher order of security. It
is more reliable and more valuable; but I will not
consume the time of the committee further. I
live m a district of country bordering on Virginia,
and once claimed by her, which, by the running
of Mason and Dixon's line straight instead of
crooked, secured to Pennsylvania, and lost to Vir-
ginia, a district of country as valuable as any upon
; the face of the globe of the same extent; and 1
never heard of that law before. On the contrary,
all my knowledge, from observation and reading,
' has been that the fee-simple in lands there could
not always and absolutely be sold for debt.
In Virginia, as I am informed, land could not
be sold, at least until very recently, by ordinary
process of law. You had then a process called
elegit, by which you could have an equal half of
a debtor's land rented out until a debt was paid
by the rents. But you had no legal process, prop-
erly so called, by which you could have the land
of a debtor sold for debt. It is true that where
; fraudulent conveyances were made, or other cir-
' cumstances existed which would give jurisdiction
! to a court of equity, such court ought, in order to
do equity in other respects, decree a sale of the
! land, and that the creditor be paid out of the pro-
! ceeds, but you could not, in a simple case of debt>
| by order of process of law, sell the lands of the
i debtor.
j 1 take it then, Mr. Chairman, that I have met
I all the objections .which have been urged by the
| gentleman from Virginia. Having clone that, and
there being with me nothing for display, nothing
; for exhibition, I shall resume my seat, satisfied
j with the bill, and the true national policy it con-
i templates.
! Mr. HENN. I move that the committee do
i now rise.
; The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
I Olds) reported to the House that the Committee
j of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
; cordingtoorder, had under consideration the Union
generally, and especially House bill No. 37—be-
ing the homestead bill—and had come to no reso-
! lution thereon.
| Mr. STRAUB. Js it now in order to offer an
; amendment to the homestead bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
■ the House; it is still before the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, conse-
quently, it is not now m order to move an amend-
ment to it.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
