1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
liess in his family. I therefore move that he be
63CCUS6(I.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I demand tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I submit that the House has already
determined the matter. By a vote already taken,
Mr. Appleton has been excused for his absence.
Mr. CULLOM. That was at another time.
Mr. ORR. He was excused at this sitting. He
was excused yesterday, and we have been in ses-
sion since.
The SPEAKER. The House may be in a very
different humor at this moment. [Laughter.]
While it was willing to excuse him yesterday, it
may not to-day. [Renewed laughter.]
Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered; and j
Messrs. Jones, of Louisiana, and Wheeler were ;
appointed. I
The House was divided; and the tellers reported ;
—ayes forty-three, more than one fifth of a quo- j
rum.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Drum's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 107, nays none.
So Mr. Appleton was excused.
Mr. CASKIE. I now withdraw the request
which I made of my friend from North Carolina;
and f hope he will make his motion.
William S. Ashe. No excuse offered.
Mr. KERR. I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be instructed to take Messrs. Aiken and Ashe
into custody,ami bring them before the House, to
show cause of absence.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that Mr. Ashe be j
excused; and on that motion I ask'for the yeas I
and nays. " i
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair, '
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
takes precedence of that.
Mr. DRUM. 1 call for the yeas and nays on !
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The question was then put; and it was decided I
in the affirmative—yeas 6G, nays 51. |
So the motion was agreed to. j
William S. Barry. No excu.se offered. i
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the Serjeant- ■
at-Arms be directed to take Mr. Harry into cus- j
tody, and bring him before the House. I
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask for the ;
yeas and nays. j
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to make a state- !
raent respecting my colleague. i
Several Members. "Oh, no!" and "Never!
mind it!" j
Mr. FARLEY. I call for tellers on the yeas j
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Greenwood, '
and Washburn of Maine, weie appointed. i
The House was then divided on the demand for i
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported forty i
in the affirmative. ;
So the yeiunmd nays were ordered. !
The question was then put on Mr. English's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas G6, nays 51. '
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, in or- I
der to avoid the consumption of time by having
the yeas and nays upon the question of sending :
for tach gentleman whose name is called, I move,
in accordance with what i believe to be the rule ,
of the House, and the precedent which IJind on
the Journal, that the absent members be sent for,
and taken into custody, wheiever found, by spe-
cial messengers to be appointed for that purpose,
according to the 63d rule of this House.
Mr. GOODRICH. 1 call for the yean and nays
on that motion.
Mr. DRUM. I do not believe this whole cere-
mony will amount to anything. 1 therefore move
that all further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. PURYEAR. X ask here to make an
explanation in reference to my colleague, [Mr. ;
Rogers,] who was obliged to leave ihe House last
night, atter midnight, in consequence of indispo- ;
8ition. i
The SPEAKER. There is no question with '
reference to the gentleman's colleague. ;
Mr. PURYEAR. 1 was aware that I was not I.
strictly in order, but I deaire the fact to be known,
that 1 am ready to make an excuse for my col-
league whenever 1 shall have an opportunity to do
so.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Drum,] to dispense with all further proceedings
in the call.
Mr. FENTON. X ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. TWEED. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Tweed were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported forty in
the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. SAPP. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Tweed were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported thirty-
two m the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. I was taught in my youth never
to be weary in well-doing. I am going to make
another proposition of peace.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. COBB. I should like to kn ow who has
called me to order. I want the man to rise, and
then we can fix it on somebody. Who was it?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 was the man.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, 1 also call thegentle-
man from Alabama to order.
Mr. COBB. Now I know who it was. That
wnsall 1 wanted to know. I know which side the
objection comes from; it comes from ours>elvea.
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is out of order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Grow's
motion; and there were—yeas 57, nays 77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
i\lr. SAPJP. 1 move that when this House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next; and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The kSI'liAKER. We are now acting under
an order of the House, which takes precedence of
any other motion except a motion to adjourn.
The Chair thinks the spirit of the rules will be
earned out by confining gentlemen to the order
under which we are acting.
Mr. X'URYEAR. I aslc permission of the
House to make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the gentleman from North Carolina will be per-
mitted to make the suggestion which he desires to
oiler.
Mr. PURYEAR. I cannot see that any good
is to result from this course of proceeding. Some
of the gentlemen who are absent attended faith-
fully heie until after midnight, but weie then
obliged to leave the Hall from indisposition, being
physically unable to remain here any longer. The
couise of proceeding we are now taking- goes
home to their constituents, and stamps upon them
the charge of neglecting their duties. In justice
to the absent members who have attended to their
duties faithfully trom the beginning of the session
until the present moment, I believe it to be our
duty to stop tht^eproceeding, open the doors, and
proceed with the regular business. I move that
all further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The SPEAK ER. That is the motion now pend-
ing, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 44, nays 77.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the motion now pending
is to have an order issued for the surest of the
absentees. I make this point of order: The rule
clearly contemplates that there shall be an op-
portunity given to offer excuses for absentees.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] refers to a precedent for his motion. The
Speaker well remarked, during the evening, a
mere precedent has not much force in it, espe-
cially when it comes in conflict with the positive
provision of a rule. To sustain the point which
I make, I call for the reading of the 63d rule of
the House.
The 63d rule was then read, as follows:
" Upon the call of the House, the names of the members
shall be called over by the Clerk, and the absentee noted ;
after which the namei of the ab.^entees shall a<jain he called
over ; the doors shall then he shut, and those for whom no
excuse, or insufficient excuses, are made, may, by order of
those present, if filteen m number, be taken into custody
as they appear, or may be sent lor and taken into cu&tody,
wherevur to bo found, by special messenger* to be appointed
for that purpose."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman * from
Ohio take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do, if the Chair decides
that the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Breckinridge] is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
motion is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, because no opportunity has
yet been given to offer excuses, so that the House
might determine, in the language of the rule,
whether they were sufficient or insufficient.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is this question of
order debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. BAYLY. The time to make excuses is
clearly upon calling the absentees before the doors
are opened.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] is mistaken. The proposition
made by the gentleman from North Carolina ism
order, for the reason that no excuses have been
00'ered even.
Mr CAMPBELL. The names of the absent-
ees have not been called, and the custom always
has been to call over the names, and hear and de-
cide upon the sufficiency of excuses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that to be
the custom, but the House could pursue its own
course to compel the attendance of its members.
It is a constitutional right. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mi. Breckinridge] submitted a reso-
lution that the absentees be sent for. The Chair
entertained that motion, considering it to be m
order, and he has now no doubt that it is m order.
From that decision the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] takes an appeal.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The point of order I
make is this, that an appeal from the decision of
the Chair ought to have been taken when the
Chair entertained the motion. It is too late to
make it now.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have my reasons for being
compelled to hike an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, which I will state, if the Chair will allow
me. I think it a case of exceeding hardship that
an excuse cannot be offered for an absent member
before sending the Sergeant-at-Arms to arresthim.
Now, in the case of my colleague, [Mr. Corwin.]
He was telegraphed the other day that a member
of his family was very sick, and he has gone
home to Ohio. Another member was called home
in consequence of the death of a child. Other
members are upon sick beds 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] is not in order in making any
remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would ask the Chair for
information, whether 1 may be permitted now,
before the vote is taken, to offer excuses for some
absentees?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has that right. That is a very differ-
ent proposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Has the roll of absentees
been called for excuses?
Mr. PURYEAR, Will the House permit me
to make a simple suggestion?
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, the
gentleman from North Carolina will be at liberty
to make his suggestion.
Mr. PURYEAR. By the permission of the
House, 1 simply wish to make this suggestion—
that the roll shall be called, and that gentlemen
who have excuses to otfer for their friends shall
rise and make them, and then, that we shall send
