THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASffflTOTON^TcT
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1854.
New Series....No. 128.
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $30,DUO.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-seventh amendment
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
is not in order, upon the ground that it is not
germane to the section under consideration, and
for the further reason, that there is no provision
of law authorizing it. It is true that the amend-
ment provides for a claim similar to that set up
for Mr. Weightman; but there is no connection
whatever between the two cases, and none can be
Page thirty-six,line eight hundred and seventy-six, in JLmade to exist legitimately.
the appropriation for the contingent expenses of the Terri- 1S| ftj,. STANTON I ask the Chair whether if
tory of New Mexico, strike out « SI ,000," and insert m lieu , ' .?K K"e , , WJ?elne| > «
thereof, "including the compensation of the person em- section inserted by the Senate be rejected, it
ployed by the Governor as a translator, $1,500;" so as to will then be in order to offer mine as an independ-
make the clause read:
For contingent expenses of said Territory, including the
compensation of the person employed by the Governor as
a translator, $J ,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose an
amendment to that clause, by adding at the end
of it the following:
And the Clerk of the House of Representatives. Khali
pay to William Carr Lane, out of the contingent fund
thereof, mileage and per diem to the day when the contest
for the seat as a Delegate from the Territory of New Mexi-
co was decided.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that amendment in order?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is irrelevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
point of order well taken, and rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. STANTON. There is certainly a law
authorizing the appointment of a Delegate from
that Territory to this Congress.
Mr. 'JONES, of Tennessee. The question is
not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan-rules the amend-
ment out of order, upon the ground that it is not
germane to the Senate amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from Kentucky will look forward to line
eight hundred and eighty-nine, he will see where
his amendment will be germane.
The question was then taken on tho Senate
amendment, and it was concurred in.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
Page thirty-six, line eighthundred and eighty-one, among
the appropriations for the Territory of New Mexico, insert,
" including the compensation of the person employed by
the Governor to revise and correct the laws of New Mex"-
ico, and the expense of printing the same," so as io make
the clause read:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, including the compensation of the
person employed by the Governor to revise and correct the
laws of New Mexico, and the expense of printing the same.
$20,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay foi ihc
preservation ot the archives of the Territory from May ,5th
to September 9th, 185-.), §420.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend an agreement to
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eightieth amendment:
For tlie payment of Richard H. Weightman for mileage
and per diem compensation for (he second session, Thirty-
First Congress, as an agent claiming to be a Senator elect
from New Mexico, §2,460.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose to
amend that amendment by adding at the end the
following:
And the Clerk of [be House of Repie«entative^ nliail pay
to William t'air Lane, out uf the contingent fund thereof,
mileage and per diem to the day when !be contest for a
seat as Delegate from the said Territory of New Mexico
was decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, ! submit a ques-
tion of order in reference to this amendment, it
is not in order, beratiie ihrit n, no !.iw anthori'/.
mgthe appropriation.
The OH A 1 li M IX'. The Chpir decide,-, 'h.-t
ent section ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not.
Mr. STANTON. Then I must appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and I ask for tellers
upon the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr., and
Elliott, of Kentucky, were appointed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the Chair to state
the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky not
to be in order, upon the ground, among others,
; that it is not germane to the amendment of the
j Senate under consideration. That is a sufficient
reason for his decision, and the question, therefore,
j is, '• Shall the decision of the Chair remain as
; the judgment of the committee?"
i Mr. MILLSON. If the committee should re-
| verse the decision of the Chair, I desire to ask if
I it will then be in order to object to the amendment
i for another reason than that now stated?
The CHAIRMAN. Should the committee re-
verse the decision of the Chair, he will then rule !
the amendment to be in order.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I desire to state another i
reason why the amendment is not in order.
Mr. KERR. I object.
| Mr. MILLSON. Have I not the right to state
I reasons why the amendment is not in order?
! The CHAIRMAN. One question of order is j
already pending, and it is not in order to raise :
j another whde that is pending.
jj Mr. MILLSON. But I desire to state addi- ■
jl tional reasons why the amendment is not in order.
J1 [Cries of t£ Order!" " Order!'1]
i] Mr. MILLSON. I ask the Chair if it is com-
petent for the Senate to vote upon a proposition
to pay money out of the contingent fund of this :
House. I
Mr. HUNT. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Virginia is out of order. He
is making an argument. 1
The question was then taken on the appeal; and 1
the decision of the Chair was sustained; the tell-
ers having reported—ayes 73, noes 51.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I offer the following ;
iimendment: " •
That the widow of Samuel It. Thurstou, late Tlelegale
from Ortgoti,be allowed the difference between themileago
her late husband ie',eivcd Mich Delegate, and that al-
j lowed the present Delegntr-
I' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ssk the Chair if
I; that amendment is in order >
!; TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
: ment offered by the gentleman from Oregon out of
11 order, upon the same ground that he ruled the
ji amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky out
l! of order.
j, Mr. JONES. The committee recommend a
j! non-concurrence in the eightieth amendment.
Mr. STANTON, ofKentucky. I move to strike
out the name of " Roger H. Weightman," and
insert m lieu thereof " William Carr Lane;" and
• i also to strike outthe word " Senator."andinsert
, in lieu thereof the word " Delegate."
TheCHAIRMAN. The same objection would
jj apply to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, as to the amendments that have
been already offered ana ruled ou! of order. The
proposition*!!-- to make a complete change of the
existing text.
jj Mr. STANTON. 1 cannot see the distinction
j' which the Chairman draws. The amendment I
■ | oiler is to pay a Delegate sent by ihe people of
New Mrxiai to I lit* Congress i propose to sub- I
stitute the name of William Carr Lane in the
place of that of Roger H. Weightman; but, ac-
cording to the decision of the Chair, the amend-
ment cannot be made.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Eighty-first amendment:
Strike out in the nine hundred and thirty-fifth and nine
hundred and thirty-sixth lines "ijlO,500,"anil insert mlieu
thereof 11,500;" it being hereby provided that the re-
spective salaries of the Governor and superintendent of
fndian affairs be increased to ^,000 per annum; so as to
i make the clause read as follows:
Foi salaries of Governor, superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, three judges, and secretary, $11,500; it being hereby
provided that the respective salaries of the Governor and
superintendent of Indian affairs be increased to 82,000 per
annum.
:l Mr. JONES. The committee recommend a
jj non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
'! Eighty-second amendment:
1 j To reimburse the fund appropriated to defray the pay
j and mileage of members of the Legislative Assembly and
li the contingent expenses thereof, the amount fraudulently
i taken from said fund by Henry V. Colter, and to relieve
jj Charles H. Mason, Secretary of said Territory, from his
; j liability therefor, $2,000.
;j Mr. JONES. The committee recommend a
, concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
j Eighty-third amendment:
i For compensation and expenses of commission to liame
I a code of laws for the Territory. ^2,500.
"j Mr. JONES. The committee recommend a
!; non-concurrence in theamendment.
-j The amendment was non-concurred m.
The committee here rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message in
writing was received from the President of the
United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his
Private Secretary.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolutions; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker:
Joint resolution for the relief of John A. Bryant;
An act for the relief of William Gr. Smith;
An act for the settlement of the claimB of W.
P. Buckner and Pierce Crosby, paesed midship-
men in the United States Navy;
An act to revive the act approved March 3,
1823, and the act approved May 26,1824,supple-
mental thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo
claims to land in Louisiana;
Joint resolution giving one hundred and sixty
j acres of land to Francis M. Gwyn, of Indiana;
1 An act for the relief of William Darby;
; An act for the relief of A. G. Penn;
' A n act to provide compensation for the services
: of George N. Corell, in adjusting titles to land in
! Michigan,
i An a'-! for the relief of Gaston T. Raoul;
! An act for the relief of Asa Andrews;
j An act for the relief of Urban Stoll;
j An act for the relief of Captain Charles G.
Merchant;
; An act for the relief of Phineas M. Nightingale,
; administrator of the estate of General Nathaniel
j Greene, deceased;
■ An act for the relief of the legal representatives
1 of Major Caleb Swan, deceased;
An act for the relief of William Brown;
An act for the relief of Jonas P. Levy and Jose
i Maria Jerrero;
1 An act for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone;
; An act for the relief of Levi Pierce and Andrew
' Hodge, jr.;
: An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
■' atives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan;
: An act for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beau-
; bien:
An act for the purchase of the copyright of a
work published by Thomas H. Sumner, wherein
hedescribeshis new method of ascertaining a ship 'f.
position HE sea;
An net f"i' jic ie!ie| . Dr. S. R AddiSuU
m
