1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May II,
No objection being made, Mr. Be-nton was
excused.
Samuel Caruthers was next called.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order
Will it be in order to now move to suspend all
further proceedings under the call? It is evident,
after what has taken place, that the House does
not intend to inflict a penalty upon any one of the
absentees
The SPEAKER. The motion would be in
order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then 1 move that all further
proceedings be dispensed with.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, I make the motion.
Mr. WHEELER. When the consent of this
House was given that the doors should he opened,
and the absentees be permitted to come in, it was
upon the express understanding that each absen-
tee should be called to the bar of the House, and
render his excuse.
The SPEAKER. That was the order of the
House; but it is competent for the House to
change its orders.
Mr. DRUM. I ask the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I expressly asked if that
was the understanding when the consent of the
House was given; and had it not been so under-
stood, I should have objected to the order.
The SPEAKER. It there be no objection, all
further proceedings under the call will be dis-
pensed with, by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and decidcd in the
affirmative.
So all further proceeding^ under the call were
dispensed with.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeasand nays
upon that motion.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. I>ayly, of
Virginia, and Washburn', of Maine, were ap-
pointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported thirty-nmeinthe affirmative, (ti sufficient
number.)
So the veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to be excused from vot-
ing, for the reason that last night I paired off with
Mr. Sint.leton, who stated that his family were
unwell, and who is still detained from the House,
J presume, from the same cause. I do not, there-
fore, feel at liberty to vote. But, sir, I find that
by the rules of the House that if 1 am here I am 1
required to vote, unless excused by the House. 1
have no wish to violate the rules of the House,
and I therefore ask to be excused.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot be excused
from voting upon a motion to adjourn. That is
the rule the present incumbent of the chair has
uniformly adhered to. Ho believes it to be a cor-
rect rule, and he therefore decides that the motion
that the gentleman be excused cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. HOWE. But I should like to know how
to act? My honor with the gentleman with
whom I have paired oil" is at stake upon the one
hand, and in conforming to the rules of the House
upon the other.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must settle
that question for himself. The parliamentary
law knows nothing* of the principle of paiimg off.
There is nothing of the sort in the books; and it
is a practice which prevails, perhaps, in no other
legislative body upon the face of the earth, except
tins. If the gentleman has paired off, he had
better have staid off. The Chair makes the sug-
gestion in perfect good humor, 7^he rules of the
House require him to vote, if he is present; and
if he precludes himself from voting by agreement
with another member, the best method he can
adopt is to stay away from the House. It is,
however, for the gentleman to prescribe his own
course.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say one word more.
There was no hour named by Mr. Singleton,
when our agreement was to expire. We simply
agreed, when he left the House last night, that i
we were to pair off until this morning. I do not |
see the gentleman in the Hall, and I do not there- ;
fore, in honor, feel at liberty to vote, nor yet do 1 |
feel at liberty to violate the rules of the House. :
Under these circumstances, I should esteem it a j
favor if the House would excuse me from voting. :
The SPEAKER. Jhe Chair hasno d(£ubtthe
House will very readily excuse the gentleman j
from voting. It is, however,not in order to sub- |
mit the motion, and the Chair cannot, therefore, i
entertain it. |
Mr. MACY. I desire also to state to the j
House thut I paired off with Mr. Disney last I
night, until this morning. I do not see the gen- j
tleman from Ohio m his place, and I shall, there-
fore* not feel at liberty to vote. :
The question was then taken upon the motion to I
adjourn; and decided m the negative—yeas 50, i
nays 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I move that
there be a call of the House. !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays. j
The yens and nays were ordered. I
The question was then taken upon Mr. Eiiot's !
motion; and decided m the negative—yeas 35, j
nays 74. j
So the House refused to order a call of the j
House. j
Pending the call of the roll,  
Mr. ELLISON stated that upon this motion he
had paired off with Mr. Boyce, from South Car-
olina.
Mr. MACE. I move that when this House
adjourn it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not m order, I
being in the nature of business, and no quorum '
having answered to their names. j
Mr. MACE. I was not aware of the fact that ;
there was no quorum present, or I should not have
made the motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that there be a call
of the House; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
for the leaeon that the House have just voted upon
that motion, and refused to order a call of the
House.
Mr. PECK, (at half-past ten o'clock, a. m.) I ,
move that, the House do now adjourn; and upon ;
that motion I demand the yeas and nays. j
Mr. TWEED. I ask for tellers. j
Teileis were ordered; and Messrs. Dayis, of;
Indiana, and Mace appointed. |j
The House was then divided upon ordering the
yeasand nays; and the tellers reported thirty-one
m the affirmative; (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Peck's
motion; and decided in the negative—yeas 45,
nays 7ii.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MACE. I move a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRIDGES. I a^k for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and
Cox appointed. ;
The House was then divided upon ordering the j
yeas and nays; and the tellers reported thirty-six j
in the affirmative; (a sufficient number.) j
So the yeas and nays weie oideied. j
The question was then taken on the motion that j
there be a call of the House; and it was decided j
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 7G. '
So the House lefused to order a call. ;
Mr. EDMANDS (At ten minutes past eleven .
o'clock, Friday morning.) I move that the House J
do now adjourn; and on that motion I demand the j
yeas and nays. •
Mr. TWEED. I demand tellers on ordering '
the yeas aiid nays. j
Mr. STRATTON. Will it be in order that;
we take a recess for half an hour? ;
The SPEAKER. Not unless by unanimous j
consent.
Mr. STRATTON. I hope, then,thattheunani- j
mous consent will be granted for a recess, so that ;
the clerks, who have been kept constantly calling i
the roll since yesterday morning, may have a lit- !
tie repose before the reading of the Journal, which ;
takes place at twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. "The Chair undeistanda that
the clerks are ieady with the Journal.
Tellers were ordered on the yeas and nays; and
Messrs. Peck and Vail appointed.
The question was then taken; and the yeas and
nays were ordered; the tellers having reported—
ayes forty-one, more than one fifth of a quorum.
The question was then taken on Mr. Edmands's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
49, nays 80,
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the above call,
Mr. ELLISON stated that he had paired off
wiih Mr. Boyce, of South Carolina, for twenty or
thirty minutes.
Mr. HOWE. I think it is quite evident, from
the proceedings of the last twenty-four hours, that
no practical good is to result to the country from
our continuing longer m session; therefore I move
that when the House adjourns, it be to meet ou
Monday next; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. OLDS. I demand tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Meaciiam
and Greenwood appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-nine, more than one fifth of
a quorum.
So the yeas and nays were ordered
The question was then taken on Mr. Howe's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
43, nays 83.
So the House disagreed to the motion to adjourn
over.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
move that there be a call of the House; and on
that motion demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. GREEN. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tel lei 3 were ordered; and Messrs. Dunham and
Ei iisok appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-three, more than one fifth of a
quorum.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
make a suggestion.
[Ciies of 4t I object!"]
Mr. WENTWORTH. When gentlemen know
my proposition, I am sure none will object.
Mr. TWEED. I object to discussion.
Mr. WENTWORTH. A few moments ago
we were all excused, with one exception, unani-
mously
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made to
the gentleman's proceeding, and he must come to
order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If thegentlemanknew
my object, I know that he would not object. It
is to do an act of justice to a gentleman ou his
own side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must come
to order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. A correction of the
Journal is a privileged question, and I am entitled
to be heard on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must come to
order. The question is now on the motion that,
there be a call of the House, and it must be taken.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Time would besnved,
and it would be better if the correction I propose
weie made now, before the Journal is made up.
Mr. TWEED. I insist on my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed with
the call of the roll.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Wentworth, ot Massachusetts; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 45, nays 80.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Pending the above call,
Mr. FENTON stated that he had paired off for
a short time with Mr. May.
• Mr. PECK. I move that when this Housead-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next; and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state liis
question of order.
Mr. DEAN. It is, that the hour of twelve
