466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
struction of six steam frigates , and for other pur-
poses.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to cause to be constructed for the United States
Navy, at as early a day as practicable, consistently
with a due regard for economy and efficiency,six
first-class steam frigates, to be provided with'screw
propellers, and properly armed and equipped for
service; the vessels and machinery to be built by
contract, or in the Government navy-yards, as
the Secretary of the Navy may think most advisa-
ble for the public interest, and to appropriate
$3,000,000, to be expended under his direction, for
the purpose mentioned, and for altering, complet-
ing, and launching the frigates Santee, at Kittery,
and Sabine, at New York.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, I may state that
this bill has met with the approval of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs in the other House, and
has been reported to that body, but has Iain there
„ for two months without being taken up for consid-
eration. It is in exact accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Navy, and, I
believe, meets with the concurrence of the whole
Senate. I have not heard any opposition to it.
It is a matter of pressing importance, and should
be acted on now. The Secretary states that if the
bill becomes a law, he wishes to be^m immediately
with the construction of the vessels. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without ;
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thitd
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 23, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the call of committees for reports.
MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
Mr. "WHEELER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a communication
which I have received this morning. I ask that
it may be read for information.
The Clerk proceeded to read the following com-
munication, for information:
New York, February 20, 1854.
Sir: On behalf of several thousand working-men and
other citizens of this city, who assembled in mass meeting
on Saturday evening, lttth instant, to e\pre.?s their senti-
ments in regard to the repeal of the Missouri conipiomise,
I have the honor to address to you a report of their proceed-
ings on that occasion, and to request you, in pursuance of
the last resolution contained therein, to present these pio-
ceeding* to the House of Representatives, at the earliest
convenient opportunity, that that honorable, body may be
officially advised of the sentiments of the woiking men of
the city of New York on the momentous quf'Hion now
pending before Confess and agitating the country.
I am, &ir, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH I\ SIMPSON, President.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 now ask that the pro-
ceedings of the meeting may be read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I believe the old rule of
the House provided that any member who de-
sired to present a memorial should state briefly
its contents, and then have it referred. If the
gentleman from New York will follow this course,
1 am willing that the business of the House shall
be waived for that purpose, although against the
rule recently adopted; but if he proposes to have
it read at length 1 shall object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina calls for the regular order of business?.
Reports are in order from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to the
reference of the memorial. What I objected to
"was its reading:.
Mr. WHEELER. I will state that the com-
munication I have presented is the proceedings of
a meeting of the working-men of the city of New
"York, protesting against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. 1 ask that it be referred to the
proper committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I do not see the pro-
priety of presenting the proceedings of private
meetings in the city of New York, or in any other
portion of the Union, in open House. The rule
provides that they may be presented and referred
at .the Clerk's desk, and I ask that the rule may
be adhered to.
TheSPEAKER. Thecommunication can only
be received and referred by unanimous consent.
Objection is made, and it cannot therefore be re-
ceived.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask that the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Sollers,] who sits
near me, in consequence of the indisposition under
which he is suffering, may be allowed to sit with
his hat on.
There was no objection, and the proposition
was assented to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of June 14, 1848, a transcript of the Army Register
for the year ending June 30, 1853, which was laid
upon the table.
Mr. ELLISON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a petition, and have it re-
ferred.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and insist upon
the regular order of business.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to the call of
committees for reports, commencing with the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr, WAtlREN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back the memo-
rial of citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for a iaw
granting one hundred and sixty acres of land to
soldiei s of the various wars, without regard to the
time of service, and ask that the same do lie upon
the table.
I will simply remark that this petition is upon
the same subject which was before the House two
or three days ago, and having been disposed of by
the House, 1 make this motion with reference to it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Previous to making any
motion, I desire to ask a single question. The
bill intrpduced by myself some time since, grant-
ing bounty lands to the soldiers who had been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States,
was the other day, by the action of the House, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I desire to know whether the vari-
ous memorials and papers then accompanying that
bill will also be referred to the Committee of the
Whole?
The SPEAKER. They were not; they were
laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I have no objection
to the reference which the gentleman from Arkan-
sas now proposes.
The memorial was accordingly ordered to lie
upon the table.
Mr. WARREN also, from the same committee,
reported back House bill (No. 74) " granting the
right of way, and making a grant of land, to the
State of Arkansas, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from a point on the southwest boundary
of the State of Missouri, in a line from Spring-
field, Missouri, to Bentonville, Arkansas, via
Bentonville, Fayetteville, Van Buren, and Fort
Smith, to the southern boundary north of the Red
River Raft, to be denominated the Western Bor-
der railroad," with an amendment, in the form of
a substitute; which, with the amendment, was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the establishment of
a land office in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I ask that the bill may be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and printed. It seems to me that
the chief object of the bill is to provide for some-
body who wants an office in the State of Mich-
igan. I think there are enough of them provided
for already, without providing for others hastily,
and without investigation.
Mr. STEYENS. I will merely say, in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, that his supposition
is erroneous, and that the bill is not designed to
give an appointment to anybody. The object is
to meet the public interests in that part of the State
of Michigan. The report of the Commissioner of
Public Lands will satisfy any candid and ingenu-
ous man that such is the fact.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that this ia
a matter of no great moment any way, as the pub-
lic lands are now going. Gentlemen from the
West claim the whole of the public lands; and, I
presume, from the intimations which have been
made upon this floor, that, sooner or later, they
will have the power to assert that claim. Then
why put the Government to this additional ex-
pense, especially when there has been no oppor-
tunity to investigate the bill, or to know anything
about the necessity for its passage?
Mr. STEVENS. It is proposed to locate this
office at the northern end of the lower peninsula
of the State of Michigan. There is now no land
office within two hundred miles of that spot, with
the exception of the one at the Sault Ste. Marie,
which it is very difficult to reach. The other two
land offices in this district are at least two hun-
dred miles away from the section of country in-
tended to be benefited by this location, and can
only be reached at certain seasons of the year, in
consequence of the lakes being frozen up and nav-
igation, discontinued; arid, at any time, it is at-
tended with a great deal of expense for a man.
desiring to locate lands to reach those offices. I
know an instance of a man who went through the
Straits of Mackinaw to locate a forty acre lot at
the land office at Flint, and on arrivingYhere he
found that the lot had been located by another
party. He thus incurred an expense equal to the
price of the land. If there is any spot in the State
of Michigan, or in the United States, where a land
office would be beneficial, it is this very place that
I am now talking about, and where I wish to have
the office located.
The question was then put on Mr. Letcher's
morion; and, on a division, there were^—ayes 46.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion.
Mr. HAVEN. I listened with great attention,
for the purpose of possessing myself with the fea-
tures of the bill, but I was unable to do so. Now,
I am quite willing and desirous to accommodate
the gentleman from Michigan, if there be nothing
objectionable in the bill. I am quite satisfied that
the gentlemen in this part of the Hall cannot vote
understandingly unless the bill be again read. I
did not hear the explanation of the gentleman from
Michigan, though I listened with attention.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again read.
Mr. DISNEY. I apprehend that there is hardly
a gentleman in the House who will hesitate to
vote for the bill, after a few moments* considera-
tion of the facts of the case. They are few, and
may be briefly stated. It is simply proposed to
provide for the location and establishment of a
land office at the extreme northern point of the
lower peninsula of Michigan—that region of the
State where there is a large quantity of the public
land. Many people have to go one hundred and
two hundred miles south to find a land office.
Now, the only question involved is, whether the
Government will create this additional land office,
in view of the great convenience thereby to be af-
forded to the people of that remote region of coun-
try, and exempt them from traveling some two
hundred miles to locate small ti acts of land. That
is all about it. I repeat that I am satisfied, from
the very nature of the case, that there is not a gen-
tleman on this floor who would hesitate to vote
for the bill, on being acquainted with the facts.
There is nothing in the bill but provision for the
location and establishment of aland office at that
remote portion of the State of Michigan.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is said around me
that the bill makes a land grant.
Mr. DISNEY. No, sir; it only provides for
the establishment of a land office.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Let the bill be read, so
that we may know exactly what are its provisions.
The bill was again read through.
Mr. HAVEN. I believe that we in this part
of the House now understand the bill. It is for
the location and establishment of a land office in a
