1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
Mr. LA.NE. The gentleman from "Washington
Territory [Mr. Lancaster] has called the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that a geological
survey had been commenced on the Pacific, in the
Territories of Washington and Oregon, or rather
in the territory which was all at that time Oregon,
without the authority of law, and without an
appropriation having been previously made to
carry it on. I will explain how that was. A
geologist in the service of the United States Gov-
ernment was ordered in that direction. He made
explorations for some time, and the expenses
incurred by him amounted to the sum of §72,000.
At the last session of Congress—I desire the
committee to recollect—that gentleman was in
Washington. He said, " if you can procuie
law to pay the amount of the debt already conw
tracted, and give me a certain further amount, I
will complete the whole survey of that country."
The operations which he was then carrying on
were in what, is now Washington Territory. He
spoke of the extensive coal beds there; and at his
solicitation I said to the House," Give the gentle-
man all that he asks now. He has commenced
this work, and has discovered a field of coal m
Washington Territory; and by making this
appropriation he will complete it." Congress -
promptly gave him the amount required; and he |
said it was sufficient—amply sufficient for him. j
Now, I am willing to say to the committee, that j
so far as the labors of this gentleman in Oregon
are concerned, there is not a gentleman m that
Territory who believes that the survey was worth
one cent to the country. If I had known then
what 1 have known since in respect to this survey,
1 would not have asked an appropriation to com- j
plete it. But, at all events, this gentleman, during
the last Congress, received all that he himself said
would be necessary to make a thorough examin- ;
ation of Washington Territory. He certainly ■
made a reconnoissance of the coal beds on the J
Pacific coast. I only mention this that the truth •
of history may be made known. t
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman i
from Oregon was not, as 1 understood him, speak- |
ing in opposition to the amendment offered by the j
gentleman from Washington, [Mr. Lancaster.] j
I move to amend by striking out  i
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Theques- j
tion is first on the amendment of the gentlemen j
from Washington Territory. [
Mr. LANCASTER. I propose, by unanimous \
consent, to withdraw it. !
There being no objection, the amendment was
•withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH. I now move to amend the
amendment, by reducing the appropriation to one
dollar. It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that
everybody connected with this Government con-
ceives that he has a perfect right to incur liabili-
ties to any amount without permission or author-
ity. Here we are going on in this way, with a
perfect looseness, and a general tendency to ex-
travagance which is bringing us into a most ex-
traordinary condition of things. The truth is we j
cannot employ an officer to perform a certain !
duty, we cannot give him a specific direction to act I
upon, nor can he get instructions from any of the j
Departments, that he does not believe himself at j
perfect liberty to incur liabilities to almost any ;
amount. If I understood the gentleman from Ore- I
gon, [Mr. Lane,] he himself says that thisofficer
was detailed by the Government here to make
geological surveys and explorations out in that
Territory. He was detailed by the geologist of
Iowa, to go into Oregon and make an exploration,
and under that authority to carry out some par-
ticular prescribed duty. He went on at large,
holding himself at liberty to charge the Treasury
of the United States at will. Many of the old
States of this Union have not yet felt themselves
impelled to make a geological survey of their tei-
ritory, but the Territories which have just come
into being, just received an existence, have gone
on, without authority of law, and entered into
geological examinations of their Territory, and
in doing so, have undertaken to charge the public
Treasury. Now, sir, I put it to the gentleman
from Oregon if he thinks this thing is right'
Mr. LANE. I will say to the gentleman fiom
Virginia, that last year I did ask Congress to make
an appropriation to cover the expense, and an ad-
ditional appropriation was granted by Congress to i
prosecute the survey to completion. The surveyor
said that the appropriation which was then made !j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have an
would be all that he should want, and that it would J amendment which I desire to propose to that
complete the reconnoissance which he wanted to I amendment.
make of the Pacific coast. j Mr. PHELPS. I desire to offer a few remarks
Mr. SMITH. That being the case, and he j upon the Senate amendment itself, if the gentle-
having then obtained all that was necessary at that i man from Kentucky will allow me.
time, it is perfectly evident that he did not care at
all for the limitation placed upon him by our action
in Congress, and he goes on and increases the ex-
penses at his mere pleasure.
Now, I am disposed to be liberal towards the
Territories; but they are setting up for themselves
too rapidly, and are becoming regardless of the
obligations which we recognize; and we are told
by a gentleman, in whom we ought to have more
confidence, that the survey of Oregon was not
worth a baubee, and we are asked to appropriate
$10,000 for perfecting the survey in Washington.
He asks, what is the appropriation of 4,10,000 for
a survey, compared with the benefits we shall de-
rive from it? I consider it butan attempt to keep
certain gentlemen on pay. That is the whole
secret of the matter.
In California a man goes out to prospect—that
is, to hunt for gold; and he does it at his own
expense; and if he finds a mine, he makes his
pile. But these Tei litories get the Government to
prospect for them; and if they find a spot of wealth,
they enjoy the benefits of that success.
I think this amendment ought not to prevail.
Mr. LANCASTER. 1 wish to correct the
gentleman's misconception. 1 do not know what
ground the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane]
has for saying that the geological survey of Ore-
gon Territory is useless. I know nothing of it;
but I do know that this surveyor has reported ex-
tensive fields of coal existing upon the coast of
Washington Territory. The Legislature of that i
Territory memorialized Congress to continue that
survey, and to appropriate ^10,000, not to go
through the survey of the whole Territory, but to
test it. This memorial came from the Legislative
body, and I submitted it to the departments at
Washington. It was a fair, open-handed, manly
transaction, as far as the Delegate from Washing-
ton is concerned; a fair, open proposition for ex-
ploring the coal fields known to exist upon the
Washington coast, and brought to light by the
geologists in the employ of the Government of the
United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would aak the
gentleman if this appropriation is intended to test
these coa! fields, nr have they been already tested5
Mr. LANCASTER. We hgve information
from the geologist that they exist. We wish to
know whether they do exist. We desire that an
appropriation of $10,000 shall be made to accom-
plish that object. Our Territorial Legislature has
recommended it. The Department has recom
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order,
unless the gentleman proposes an amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move to increase the
appropriation to $30,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky has the floor to offer an amendment.
Mr. STANTON. My amendment will be
soon disposed of. I move to add the following to
the Senate amendment:
Provided, Thar Thomas Johnson shall be allowed find
paul out of the said fund appropriated lor Kansas, mileage
and per diem according to ihe usual rat«, tor the piesent
session of Congress, he having elected, under author-
ity of ihe provisional govenmiPM of Nebta^ka, as a Dele-
gdtefrom said Territory to Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that there was no such
Territory at the time this gentleman was elected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not m order,
Mr. STANTON. The case is precisely the
same as that of California. Senators and Repre-
sentatives were elected from California when
it was not a State, precisely as this Delegate was
elected from Nebraska when it was not a Terri-
tory.
The CHAIRMAN. This gentleman has never
been recotrmzed as a Delegate by the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to inciease the appro-
priation to $35,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have offertd this amendment
for the purpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the necessity for passing the amendment
which has been adopted by the Senate. You have
organized.the Ten itoriesof Kansas arid Nebraska,
and provided for the election of their respective
Legislatures; but you have failed to make pro-
vision for a building- in which the Nebraska Le-
gislature is to hold its sessions. No place what-
ever is provided for that Legislature. In the bill
you did make provision for ihe Territory of Kan-
sas by providing that the seat of government
should be at Fort Leavenworth. But even when
that Legislature convenes at Fort Leavenworth,
there is no building there which it may occupy.
That is a military reservation, and the Secretary
of War declares that there is no building there
which he can, consistently with the public interest,
spare for the purposes of the Legislature. I would
refer to the letter addressed by the Secretary of
War to the Governor of Kansas Territory.
I am of opinion that provision should be now-
made for temporary buildings for the use of the
| Legislatures, and that we should wait until the Ter-
mended it. The Senate has voted the appropria- j! ritorial Legislature shall provide by law the per-
tion into this bill; and J, as the Delegate of the
Territory, urge it upon this floor.
Sir, it is very difficult to believe the statements
that are made m reference to this remote Territory '
by those who have visited it. People believe the
facts are misrepresented. Although reports were
made by officers of the Government, under oath,
you would still not believe half that can be told
of that Territory. You would not comprehend
its timber, its fertile soil, its mineral wealth, its
inland seas, its lesourtes, which no one can ap-
preciate who has not seen the Territory, nor calcu-
late the value their development will prove to the
country. Its mineral lands will supply your
steam marine with coal, instead of bringing it
thousands of miles, as you now do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question then recurred upon theamendment
of the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was then non-concurred in.
Eighty-fifth amendment:
For the erection of public budding5! in the Territories of
I Kansas and Nebraska, to be expended under (he direction
j ot ihe Clovemor^ th'-ieof, resp'-eavely, for each of
j said Territory : and ?o nmch of the act for the ot ionization
j ot said Teiri tones a< located the seat of jrovernmein: <>f Kan-
! pas at Fort Leaven worth, is hereby repealed.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of,
j Ways and Means recommehd a non-concurrence j
1 in that amendment. '
manent seats of governmentin the Territories. I
will be willing to accept a less amount than that
contained in the amendment; but if temporary
buildings were to be erected, there need not, and I
presume there will not, be the whole of this money
expended.
Now, I would ask gentlemen whether they will
have the Legislatures convened out of doors?
Where, then, will they convene? They will be
m session during the ensuing winter. I do not
know what time the Governors may be enabled
to have the enumeration made, as provided in the
act for the organization of the two Territories. I
do not know at what time the Governors of Ne-
braska and Kansas may direct the election for the
members of the Legislature to be held; nor do I
know where they may, by proclamation, determ-
ine the meeting of the Legislatures. The pre-
sumption is, that all these things will take place as
soon as possible; for, at this moment, the people
of the Territories have no municipal law for their
government. No courts of justice are established,
and there is no provision for the prosecution and
punishment of crime which may be committed
within their limits—not even for the prosecution
and punishment of crimes committed against the
laws of the United States, frior to the organiza-
tion of these two Territories, the Indian countries
lying west of Missouri and Arkansas were at-
tached to the districts of those States, so far as the
cim.inal law of the United States was concerned.
It was of frequent occurrence that when crimes
were committed on the Santa Fe trail, or the Ore-
gon trail, that persons were arrested and taken to
