1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
o'clock having arrived, the Journal of the pre-
ceding day is to be read.
"The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York. One of the principal rules having a
bearing upon this point is the following, touch-
ing the duties of the Speaker:
" He shall take thechair every day precisely at the hour
to which the House shall have adjourned on the preceding
day."
The Chair has done that, and has no authority
now to declare the House adjourned for the pur-
pose of taking the chair at the time to which he
may determine the House shall have adjourned
to. The rule says, further, that " he shall im-
mediately call the members to order." There
has been no adjournment and no legislative day
finished yet.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Chair decide
that this is Thursday, or Friday? [Laughter.]
TheSFS'AKER. The Chair is not called upon
to make any decision of that kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want the question de-
cided, that I may know whether I ought to eat
flesh or fish for dinner. [Much laughter.]
Mr. DEAN. I understand the Chair, then, to
decide that this is still the same legislative day,
and that whenever we do adjourn, a motion may
be made to correct the Journal the next day.
The SPEAKER. Even if it be a month hence.
The Chair has no doubt of that.
Mr. DEAN. That is what I wanted to under-
stand.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I wish to inquire
wheiher the morning hour has expired? [A
laugh.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired, and the Chair doubts whether it will
expire for a week to come. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. What is the decision of the
Chair upon the question of order raised by the
gentleman from New York?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. BANKS. I am impressed with the con-
viction that the Chair is right upon the reasons
stated by him, $nd the rule of-the House to which
reference is made. It is very clear upon the rule
cited by the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is there any question
before the House?
Mr. BANKS. I propose to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, if necessary. I do
not desire, however, to appeal. 1 merely want to
make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pleased
to hear the gentleman from Massachusetts, if it is
the pleasure of the House; but if objection be
made, debate is not in order.
Mr. BANKS. I want the consent of the
House to cite the rule upon which the House
must proceed in this case, and to which the
Speaker has not referred.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, send up the rule.
Mr. OLDS. I object, unless an appeal is
taken.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the consent of the House
that I may state that, upon the rule to which the
Speaker has referred, his decision is correct. But
it is not necessary that, at this hour, there shall
bean adjournment by a vote of the House; for, on
the very first day of this session, the House,
upon motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. .Tonus,] passed this order:
u That twelve o'clock be fixed as the hour to which the
House shalt each day adjourn, until otherwise ordered."
That is the rule by which we must be' gov-
erned in this case; and there is no adjournment
required atthishour, for the House has adjourned
by its order, adopted on the first day of the ses-
sion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
, The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts takes an appeal, and the question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House ?"
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. MAURICE. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ASHE. Will the Chair state what is the
proposition before the body ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will tlo so before
the vote is taken.
Mr. ASHE. At present, I really do not know
how-to vote.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Straus and
Meacham appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
forty-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I have some doubts as to the
correctness of the decision of the Chair, and I
therefore ask to be excused from voting on the
appeal.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps the gentleman will
be able to determine after the Chair has stated
what the question is. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. 1 do not think there is any hope of
that. [A laugh.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not deprive
the gentleman of his right to ask to be excused.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
raitses the question that, by the order of this House,
passed on the first day of the present session of
Congress, the House stands adjourned to twelve
o'clock to-day.
The Chair overrules that question of order,
upon the ground that there cannot be a meeting of
this body without an adjournment; and upon the
further ground that when this Hotisedoes adjourn,
even if it is a week hence, it will meet again as
directed by its own order. The legislative day
will continue until the House adjourns, and when
the House, after such an adjournment, meets at
twelve o'clock, or at such other time as the House
shall fix, it will be the duty of the Speaker, under
the rule which has been referred to by him, to
take the chair, call the members to order, and
cause the Journal of the preceding day to be read,
and a portion of that Journal must necessarily be
a motion and a vote to adjourn; without that, it
is incomplete.
The Chairbegs leave again to read to the House
the rule prescribing the duties of the Speaker, to
which he has referred.
"1. He shall take the chair everyday precisely at the
hour to which die House shall have adjourned on the pre-
ceding day; shall immediately call Hie members to order;
and, on tile appearance of a quorum, shall cause the Journal
of the preceding day to be read.'*
The Speaker could not take the chair at twelve
o'clock to-day, for the reason that he was contin-
uing to occupy it, and the House was continuing
to progress in its proceedings upon a legislative
day, and must continueto do sountil it adjourns.
One of the three hundred and sixty-five days of
the year has passed over, the Chair admits; but
one of the legislative days allowed to this Con-
gress is now being consumed.
In this view, hastily taken, the Chairadmits, for
he has not had time to turn to precedents, the
Chair thinks he is correct, and he overrules the
question of order. From that decision of the
Chair, the gentleman from Massachusetts takes
an appeal; and thegentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hamilton] moves to lay the appeal upon the
table. Another question pending is that raised
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sage,]
viz: that the House excuse him from voting upon
the appeal. That is a legitimate proposition, but
the vote must be taken on it without debate.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand the Chair to
decide that an entire session of the House is but
one legislative day, even though it may continue
for a week, and some of my neighbors are a little
curious to know whether we shall get only one
prr diem for the entire session. [Laughter.] I
object to the decision of the Speaker on that
point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot de-
bate the proposition. The Chair decides that it
is not competent for him to adjourn the House.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that the appeal is
not debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. BANKS. But, as the Chair has made a
very lucid and conclusive argument in favor of
that decision, would it be proper, or within the
generosity of th*e House, that upon the <appSa! I
have taken, I should make a brief-statement?
Messrs. OLDS, BRIDGES, and others tJtt-
jected.
The SPEAKER. The Chfcir Urn gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will be heard.
Mr. ENGLISH. I objetet to it.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to state-*——
Mr. ENGLISH. I object to discussion.
The SPEAKER.. Then the genctema'n frdm
Massachusetts is not in order.
Mr. BANKS. Who objects?
Messrs. ENGLISH, OLDS, and BRIDGES
rose simultaneously, and objected.
'Mr. SEYMOUR. Will the •Chait allow tree to
make a single tuggestion ?
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure "of the
House that the ^ehtleman from Connecticut be
heard ?
Mr. ENGLISH. I object, a'nd call for Eire
question.
Mr. BANKS. Will the House allow me to
call its attention to a precedent upon this very
question >
Mr. HOUSTON. We understand the ques-
tion.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I call the gentle-
man from New York to order.
[Slrsuts of '* Order!" and great confusion.]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemeb are not in order
in discussing this question, directly or indirectly.
Mr. BANKS. I again ask the consent of the
House to make a reference to this one precedent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I again call ttfe
gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Massachusetts of the fact, of
which he is very well aware, that it is not in or-
der to persist in a purpose to address the House
out of order, and the Chair must insist on the
gentleman's desisting from doing so.
Mr. BANKS. Most assuredly. I only ask the
consent of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question now fe on ex-
cusing the gentleman from New York [Mr. S'Agk]
from voting on the appeal.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask for the yeas and n^s.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stkaub arid
Sapp were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported forty in
the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taljen; and there were—
yeas 57, nays 83.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Sa'ge.
Mr. DRUM stated that he had paired off until
one o'clock with Mr. Bayly, of Virginia.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have just come into the
House, and do not quite understand the question,
and I should, therefoie, like to be excused from
voting on the appeal.
The SPEAKER. If therebe no objection, the
gentleman from Ohio will be excused.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. FARLEY. I move that the gentleman
from Ohio be excused from voting.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yefcs and nWys op
that motion.
Mr. W'ENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. 1
ask for tellers oil the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.TBocBOKaHfl
FEsrTojr were appointed.
The House was divided on the demand for the
yeas and nays; and the tellers reported thirty-five
in the affirmative.
So the yeas and rtays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 72.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Campbell
from voling.
Mr. TRACY. I ask to be excused from voting
on the question of the appeal.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there Wfefe-^-
yeas 48, nays 71.
So Mr. Tracy was not excused.
Mr EDGERTON. lYt! e to what !I't*He*e to
