1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
him. I believed, sir, as I said before, that it was
a determined and fixed policy of the House to refer
all bills; and from this consideration, I did not
insist that the bill providing for grants of lands to
the State of Alabama should be then considered,
but be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, my opinion is to-day, that if this
policy of putting Hills on their passage immedi*
ately be pursued, the bill to which I have referred
has gone where it will never again be resurrected.
But shall I do injustice to the applicants in this
case, because, perhaps, those cases in which I was
interested have been injuriously affected by the
action of the House—its previous determination
to have all questions referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I am not
one, Mr. Speaker, who is disposed to oppose a
just measure, because I failed to secure justice in
regard to a case equally meritorious, in which I
was interested.
Do justice to all mankind, and trust to their lib-
erality to do justice to you. I am going to vote
for this measure. I am going to vote that it shall
be considered now, and considered fairly and prop-
erly. if there are gentlemen upon this floor who
have not maturely considered the matter, I am
perfectly willing that the consideration of it may
be postponed for a very short time, for the purpose
of enabling them to satisfy themselves of its par-
ticular bearings.
I have so considered it as to satisfy myself of 1
its justness; and 1 believe that the provisions of i
this bill embrace the principles, merely, involved
in all the grants heretofore made to the various
States, since we have commenced this system of j
making grants for railroads. Why do I say that? j
A large portion of these roads provided for in this
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama permit me to address a question to him?
How does the gentleman propose to enforce his
rule? Suppose the present Committee on Public
Lands limit this year the grants to two millions
and five hundred thousand acres; I ask, would
they not corse back here next Congress and ad-
vocate another grant?
Mr. COBB. So far as I am myself concerned,
perhaps I might do so, if I believed it would pro-
mote the interests of the Genera! Government, not
only if the individual States receiving these mil-
lions of acres, but the old States, that during
former days took it all to themselves, and thataie
now refusing to make to their younger sisters
similar grants of the public lands.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
tend to enter into the consideration of the policy ,
involved in the measuie now before the House, j
but 1 desire to repeat what 1 have said heretofore '
upon various occasions, as to the propriety or j
impropriety of putting bills upon their passage,
when they come fiom committees. 1 must con-
fess that I cannot see the evils which many gen-
tlemen seem to see in such a course of proceeding
upon the part of the House. I do not intend to
impugn the motives of those gentlemen who take
the ground that this bill, and similar bills, ought I
to go to the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union. I do say, that the effect of such a j
course of policy is to throw all those measures J
into a vortex, from which they will never be re- ji
j lieved. Everybody knows that the great mass of ;j
I business upon the Calendar of the Committee of jj
1 the Whole on the state of the Union never will {j
| be reached, and never can be disposed of. . !j
I But suppose you make this bill a special order |i
in Committee of the Whole? What will be the
fore me—runs through a portion of the public
lands remote from settlements, and which are not
yet brought into market. The lands through which
these roads pass, and which will not be taken up
by the roads, will be increased in price to two dol-
lars and a half per acre. The Government will sell
the lands contiguous to the roads at that price, and
bill—as I could exhibit to you, if I had a map be- jj course of things then? Stipposeyou appropriate
'' ' a week for its dicussion, and you will either have i
1 a debate upon the Nebraska question, or have a j
, discussion among my good friends, the Hards and ;
1 Softs of New York; or you will have a discussion j
: as regards the whole policy of the Government, h
, and this will all take place upon this particular j!
I bill, if it shall be made the special order in Com- j
consequently, will be benefited thereby; wherees, || mittee of the Whole. I do not see the necessity
in all1 probability, other lands, which lie ne^r 1 for any postponement of this question._Should it j|
some of the roads, to aid in the construction of i be postponed? The question isa meresimple one; ij
which we have made grants, will not he worth !■ the policy of appropriating lands for raiffoad pur- 11
two dollars and a halfan acre,and cannot be sold ! poses in different States has been discussed over l|
by the Government for that sum. Therefore, I ] and over again. It has been investigated; and j
believe all the reasons which have supported the i| gentlemen upon all sides of the House have doubt-
grants we have made to other roads, will more ef- 1 less made up their minds upon thequestion of the ;
- " '   ■ constitutionality and good policy of making grants !
of land for the purpose of constructing railroads; i
so that f do not see that it requires much time upon
the part of any gentleman of this House to con-
sider that question. _ I
Then another question is raised as to the pro
fectually apply to this than to them.
The result will be a benefit to the General Gov-
ernment; and I am goins to support this policy
with all my heart and strength. But, sir, while I
do this, l am determined, by any action of mine,
not to avoid the State of Alabama—my own
adopted State. Her bills are upon the Calendar; |i priety of the location ot this road. I suppose that
• - ■ ' ■' . . i. n  11 a speech or two of an hour's length upon the part
of gentlemen who understand the question, would
enlighten the whole House in regard to it, and
enable them to make up their minds; and I sup-
pose, after a debate of two or three hours, confined
to the real point involved in the bill, that the House
would be just as well prepared to vote upon the
question as if we were to debate it a week. Enter-
taining that opinion, ! hope that we shall now
take action upon the bill; and 1 shall vote for or
against it, as gentlemen will satisfy me that it is
right or wrong. 1 do not see that anythin.
and if they are to sleep there, while this House
determines to pass the bills for Wisconsin and
other States, as reported by the committee, let it
be so; butl shallappeal, in duetime,to this House
to do justice to all the States.
Illinois, undergrants made a few years ago, re-
ceived two millionsfive hundred thousand acres of
the public domain. It has been the policy of the
Committee on Public Lands thus far—and I trust
they will endeavor to carry it out—to bring the
other States up to an equality withlllinois, and to
make two millions five hundred thousand acres of
land the maximum amount which they will grant j gained by postponing action upon this bill and re-
to other States. |l ferrmg it to the Committee of the Whole on the
if this policy is adopted, though we may not jl state of the Union. We^sheuld lose time by that
have as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. ; course, and I doubt whether the House would be
Letcher] says, enough land to meet the three ij benefited or further enlightened by any debate
■ ■ ' 11 which might take place there. There is no rule
requiring that this bill, or that any other bill, unless
it contains an appropriation of money, should go
to the Committee of the Whole. We violate no
rule of the House or of propriety by taking action
pie which we have determined upon, and give to !, upon the bill now. 1 understand that the gentle-
every State, including all she has heretofore re- [ man who reported the bill desires to bring the de-
ceived, the amount of two milhoriR five hundred j; bate to an immediate close.^
hundred bilis, as he says
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) How many
are theie, then ?
Mr. COBB. Not one third as many as the
gentleman said. I say, if we carry out the pnnci
civ
thousand acres of land, to put them on an equality
with Illinois, we shall only do justice to them all. ;
What is there in this course that gentlemen need j
be so much alarmed at? We are determined that
no State, including what she has heretofore re- 1
ceived, shall in any event receive over two millions [
five hundred thousand acres, and we intend to j
confine every one of them to that amount. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
o-entleman from Tennessee how it is possible that
a person who has not read the bill, or looked into
the amendments, as reported, can act intelligibly
upon the question now before us?
Mr. STANTON. I think that the bill has been
lying upon our tables for two or three days.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call the at-
tention of the House to the following section of
the bill:
"Sec. 4. JS-nd be it further enacted, That tile lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of by said
State only in the manner following, that is to say, that a
quantity of land not exceeding one hundred and twenty
(130) sections, and included within a continuous length of
twenty miles of said road or branch, may be sold; and
when the Governor of !*aid State shall certify to the Secre-
tary of the Intenor that any twenty continuous miles of
said road or branch is completed, then another like quan-
tity of land hereby granted may be sold ; and so from time
to time until said road and branch are completed; and if
said road or branch road is not completed within ten years,
no further sales shall be made, and the land unsold shall
revert to the United States."
Now, if this be a pattern for all the bills of this
character which are to be brought in here; if we
are to authorize the State in which the land is
granted, to dispose of one hundred and twenty
sections of land, and then abandon the project al-
together and build no railroad, I cannot vote for
such a bill. If the bill be amended so as to obvi-
ate this objection, however, so far as I can now
see, I will vote for it.
Mr. STANTON. I am not now discussing the
merits of the bill, nor do I now propose to ex-
press any opinion as to the propriety or impro-
riety of its particular provisions. I have heretofore
voted for many of these railroad bills, and I know
of no reason why I should not continue to vote for
them. I will not say whether this bill is judicious
in all r. spects or not; that is not the question we
are to decide. 1 am opposed to the proposition to
refer to theCommitteeof the Whole onthestateof
the Union. I do not believe we gain anything in
the investigation of these bills by postponing that
investigation, unless it is in peculiar cases.^ I do
not believe that we work any injury or mischief
by considering these cases when they first come
up. I believe that you will double the amount of
useless work and unprofitable discussion by send-
ing this bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The same things will be
brought up over and over again; you will have
over again all the discussion that we have had this
morning, and a great deal more that will not be
pertinent to the bill, and the effect, in my judg-
ment, will be, in all probability, to defeat the bill.
A Member. It ought to be defeated.
Mr. STANTON. It may be that it ought to
be defeated, but after sufficient intelligent investi-
gation of it. The House may as well defeat it now
as at any other time, if that is to be its fate.
Mr. DISNEY rose to obtain the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, also rose at the same
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
having spoken once upon the subject, the Chair
awards the floor to the gentleman from Tennessee.
I Mr. DISNEY. I do not desire to make an ar-
gument, but I merely wish to remind the Chair
that I have not spoken upon the motion now
pending to commit the bill, i will, however, ask
the gentleman from Tennessee to yield me the
■ floor to make one or two statements, and first to
inform the House that the form and provisions of
: this bill are designed by the Committee on Public
j Lands as a model, which will be observed and
, applied to every bill which they introduce into the
j1 House, proposing to donate alternate sections of
. the public lands to aid in the construction of rail-
It roads. The Senate Committee on Public Lands
'i have also agreed to the same form; and all the
j! bills of this character which are introduced into
! j hoth Houses will, therefore, conform in their pro-
!' visions precisely to the one now under consider-
ation. . •
Another fact which I desire to state is, that if
' the House refer these bills to the Committee of the
, Whole on the state of the Union, to take their places
upon the Calendar,it is perfectly obvious that they
will never be reached in their order, and would not
if the House were to continue in session for twelve
: mM?LETCHER, (Mr. .Tones still holding the
! floor j Will the gentleman allow me to ask the
!: gentleman from Ohio a question ?
II Mr. JONES. I would, if the question did not
'I have to be followed by an answer.
ij Mr. LETCHER. Only a single moment. I
11 desire to know of the gentleman from Ohio if these
!! railroad companies have been chartered bytheLe-
i| gislature of Wisconsin ?
:i Mr. DISNEY. They have.
!| Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the object
