1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2037
meric efforts which the President, Ixie Cabinet, and
party can put forth. We witness the effects of
this law in the Senate Chamber. There its effects
have been salutary indeed. There the blind see,
the dumb speak, and the poor have the gospel of
freedom preached to them. Have not these facrs
resulted from the passage of the bill which I pro-
pose to repeal, and are they not matters of great
good? I am now speaking of the good which
God has brought out of this evil statute. In this
production of good, the law has taken effect, has
done its perfect work, and should be repealed.
We see men flocking to Kansas armed for the
bloody conflict to which the advocates of oppres-
sion have invited them. They are going in com-
panies of ten, of twenty, of fifty, of hundreds,
and soon they will go in companies of thousands.
There men of conflicting opinions, opposing
interests, are concentrating, ready armed and
equipped for the maintenance of their antagonistic
policy. There bombastic resolutions on one side
are met with stern purpose and quiet determina-
tion on the other. There this law bids fair to
result in civil war. And when blood commences
flowing, who will predict the time when, or place
'where, it shall stop? Verily, if we love our coun-
try, if we regard the peace, the interests, or the
honor of our nation, we shall not. hesitate to repeat
this law; to strike it from our statute-book, to
obliterate every trace of its existence, so that
coming generations shall find no evidence that
such a barbarous law ever had an existence.
Sir, it would appear that the Committee of
Ways and Means must have had some ideas of
this nature, when they recommended the repeal
of one of the important provisions of this law;
yet it strikes me as bad policy to repeal it by
piece-meal—one provision now, and another in
the next appropriation bill that comes up. Let
us do it at once; let us act boldly, as becomes
statesmen. The law is impolitic, wrong, wicked;
let us strike it from existence at a single blow. I
think the committee were timid; they were too
delicate. Had they recommended its entire re-
peal, they would have far better satisfied this
House and the country. The people demand
bold, energetic, efficient action. They will be
satisfied with nothing short of that; and if we
refuse to act in that manner, the people will set
us an example in the coming elections. They
have the power in their hands, and will hold us to
a strict accountability. Already we hear the mut-
tering3 of the distant thunder; thousands and
hundreds of thousands of freemen are threatening
retributive justice upon those public -servants who
have proven recreant m the late conflict, in every
free State we see the gathering storm. It is not
of the diminutive size of a man's hand, like that
which was seen by the prophet of old; it has al-
ready overspread the whole northern hemisphere, ,
and threatens to overwhelm the advocates of op- ;
pression with popular indignation. As it rolls on, 1
we see serviles and dough-faces turn pale and
quake; anil they already call upon the rocks and
mountains of a slaveholdm^ Adminisluition to
fall on them, mid hide them from the indignation
of the people.
Sir, I feel great solemnity when i look over this
Hall and call to mind the many victims who must
fall a prey to that popular vengeance which has
been Kindled by this passage of the law. I could :
point them out with almost unerring accuracy. '
They feel it; they are conscious of their coming ,
doom. They find the Executive arm too short to
save them; too weak to protect them. For them .
there is no escape. It is not merely political death j
that so terrifies them; their horror arises from the |
consideration that their immolation has been vol- j
untary; that they have saciiticed themselves to the
bloody Juggernaut of oppression.
Now, sir, would it not be an act of justice to
our distressed fellow-members to repeal this law
at once; now, before the close of the present ses- |
sion? Why, sir, the fatal cholera now sweeping .
over this land is but a feeble representation of that
political pestilence aooutto sweep from this body ,
so many of our friends and associates. How
many now holding seats here will fall, prematurely
fall, before this fatal pestilence, no one can fore-
tell. But when this House shall convene, one year
from December next, many of our youthful com-
panions in service will lie low in the valley of polit- i
ical forgetfulness, and the grass will grow green
over their political graves. That Congress will ■
perform the work now proposed. They will do
that which we shall have left undone.
[Fiere the hammer fell.]
Mr. McMULLOf. Mr. Chairman, I amhappy
in being afforded an opportunity to define my po-
sition in regard to the bill which has passed Con-
gress for the organization of the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska. I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gimnjvus] has offered
an amendment for its repeal, and that in moving it
he said that he believed that there was nota mem-
ber of this body who was not at heart in favor of
the repeal. Did he, could he have believed what
he said ? In making that declaration, the member
from Ohio sported with the character of the Amer-
ican Congress. No member upon this floor knew
better than he did that there were none here for the
repeal of the Nebraska-Kansas act except those,
like himself. Abolitionists, or their twin brothers.
I have said heretofore that 1 would not again
engage in a discussion with the member from Ohio,
after he had pocketed the indignity which he did
from his colleague, [Mr. Olds;] but his declaration
to-day was so bold, so reckless, so uncalled for,
and so directly at war with my feelings of what
is right, that I cannot permit myself to remain
silent.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. Let meask the
gentleman a question,
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is traveling beyond the legitimate
scope of debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman, in his re-
marks, must confine himself to giving reasons why
the words indicated should not be stricken out.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no belief that this
committee will, for one instant, entertain the idea
of repealing this Nebraska-Kansas act, the decla-
ration of the member from Ohio to the contrary
notwithstanding. I was not present when the
law was passed; but had I been, no act would
have.given me greater pleasure than yielding it
my vote. Let the gentleman from Ohio go home
and sing the syren song which he has heretofore
. sung against the South. The enactment of this
j act was called for by the people, and they will
| sustain its supporters. I, for one, never would
|ha\e voted fur the Missouri compromise. I
' would have voted for the organization of these
! Territories, and I repeat that i do not think that
there is a member upon this floor who would vote
i for the repeal of the Nebmska-Kansas act, except
] an Abolitionist or Free-Soilc. If there be such
i a man, let him xise sin.' -'. .w himself. If there be
! a man here who denies the (loetrmc that the people
' are capable of governing themselves, let us sec
i him. If ther  be a member upon this floor fir-
| the repeal proposed, I should like to see his face.
Mr. MORGAN. I urn for it.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then you ought to get
down upon your marrow-bones and ask God to
forgive you for snowing yourself. [Great laugh-
ter. |
I [Here the hammer fell.]
i Mr. MAURICE. I demand tellers on the
! amendment.
! Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farley and
1 Letcher were appointee].
! The question w&s taken: and the tellers re-
i ported—ayes 62, j oes 77.
[ So the amendment vvas not agreed to.
[ The question then recurring upon the Senate
; amendment, it was taken; and decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-sixth amendment:
For Iibiariea at the seat of government of each of the
Territories of Kanrarf and Nebraska, urnlfr Midi regula-
tions: a.s shall be prescribed by law, $5,000 for each of said
TemtoufcS.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in. /
Eighty-seventh amendment:
In the nine hundred and nuiPty-tisml line sirike out
.$43.000,r and msen £{ winch said salaries shall hereafter
be, of the Chief Justice, and "t the Associate Jus-
tices, £G,5U0 each, commcnemg with the present fiscal
year, $39,000«o as to make the clause read :
For saiarie- of The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
and eight Associate Judges-, v.hteh said ---aianes shall
hereafter be, of the chief justice. ^7,000, and Of Uie asso-
ciate justices, 86,500 each, commencing with the present
fiscal year, §59,000.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, 1 wish to say
a word upon this amendment, f desire the com-
mittee to forget the little episode upon the Ne-
braska and Kansas (question for a moment, and I
ask them to give their attention to the amendment
1 propose. I move to amend the amendment of
the Senate by striking out the word "seven,"
and insert "nix" in its place. I also move to
strike out "six," at the end of the same line, and
insert " five" in its pla.ee; and also to strike out
the word " nine," in the last line.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment of the Senate
provides for increasing the compensation of the
judges of the Supreme Court—that of the Chief
Justice from $5,000 to §7,000, and that of the
other judges from $4,500 to |6,500.
I am satisfied, sir, that that amendment cannot
receive the sanction of this House. A majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means are against
it, and I am quite sure that a large majority of the
House is against it. I have uniformly voted this
year against all increase of salaries, but always
with a declaration to the House, that when I
could get an opportunity, I should cheerfully vote
to increase the pay of the judges, both of the su-
preme and of the district courts. They all require
increase, and some of the latter judges get much
j less pay then the clerks in the Departments here.
! For one, 1 do not think the amendment of the Sen-
j ate goes too high. I would be glad, sir, to see that
j amendment adopted; but knowing the sense of the
I House, I feel bound to respect it. So far as I am
1 concerned, J always acthere somewhat in reference
| to what I believe to be the opinion of the other
' gentlemen on this floor; their judgment as well as
i mine controls this matter; and the opinion of a
| majority of us all must govern; and it is for that
! reason i propose the amendment, and hope the
! majority here will concur with me m sustaining it.
I Sir, these salaries ought to be increased; and
I my proposition is to increase that of the Chief
' Justice from J5,000 to $6,0QD; and that of the
f Associate Judges from $4,500 to $5,500. That is
j lower than it ought to be. I should prefer going
$500 more on each of them. This is a gt eat office.
These men have a silent, but all-powerful control
over the business acid destinies of this nation.
The compensation attached to these offices has
not, to my knowledge, been increased since the
organization of the Government. These men
;■ pass, finally and forever, on all questions that
|| come up from the courts below, and upon many
j questions where sovereign States ai'e the parties,
|; Now, there aie thirty-one States in this Union—
11 each of which is equal in prosperity, in standing,
u in wealth, and in commercial importance, to most
j. of the kingdoms and republics of antiquity. Every
;• one of these sovereign States has to wheel into
!i line at the decision, at the mandate, of this
ji august tribunal—theSupreme Courtof the United
11 Slates. It ought, therefore, to be placed in the
ji highest and most secure and dignified position in
: the Government—to be well paid, and kept, as it
;i always has been, thank God, above the breath of
I1 suspicion, and the temptations of want.
n But I do not ask the committee to act upon any
! consideration o? that kind. ! say that the busi-
ness of the country has increased so immensely
11 within ihe last twenty years that these gentlemen
i| have to come to this city annually to hold their
!; court in bank, and remain nearly, or quite, half
i'the year; and the other half of the time they
i j spend in their circuits, constantly engaged in their
ii laborious duties in the vicinities of their homes;
; so that they must live as a kind of vagrants, or
vagabonds, at one or the other of the places, on
" their present salaries, with theirfamilies dispersed,
;j or else it is absolutely necessary that they keep
i'up establishments both here and at home. Sir,
ii after board, washing, traveling expenses, and in-
!' cidentals are paid from their present salaries, and
j, the cost of keeping up their families at a frugal
•j,' rate at home, on the supposition those families are
;i not to accompany them here, how much do you
ij suppose is left of their present saiaiits to provide
j| for educating families, for sickness, and to guard
against want in old age? They have no perqui-
i1 sites,and no retired list, We vote money to steam
;'j mail ships and Government coi.trictors by tftou-
t! sands and without stint; but we do no justice to
j! these frugal men, of simple tastes and habits, and
11 of unobtrusive manners, but who so creditably
! fill the greatest and most conservative place in the
| Republic.
! I hope our triffling, if so it may he called, on
