470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
is to make the appropriation of land, and then get
the Legislature to grant a charter. I suppose from
that fact that the road never would be made at all
unless Congress furnish the means.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to reply to the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman will have a whole
hour to reply.
Mr. DISNEY. I only wish to reply to'the in-
terrogatory of the gentleman from Virginia. He
asks if the roads have been chartered. I am ad-
vised that they have been, but the gentleman will
remember that this is not a grant to companies;
it is a grant of lands to a State for a particular
purpose.
Mr. JONES. ( cannot give way for debate; I
must claim the floor.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to ask the gentleman from Ohio
a question ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir, I cannot. My position
with regard to these bills making grants of lands
for railroad purposes is known. My general
position with regard to the putting of bills upon
their passage when reported from the committees
is also known. I think that, as a general rule,
when bills are reported here from committees,
they should go to the Committee of theWhole on
the state of the Union, or to a Committee of the
Whole House, so that each and every member of
this House may have an opportunity, not only of
examining and, understanding the bills, but of
proposing such amendments to them as he may
think right.
I concede that there are bills so clearly and
manifestly right in themselves, containing, per-
haps, but a solitary proposition, that when they
are reported here, the House may properly, by
unanimous consent, put them upon their passage.
But, in the case of a bill of this sort, involving a
grant of hundreds of thousands, if not millions of
dollars'worth of property, and involving, too,
principles of the very highest importance, I sup-
pose all will agree with me that it is next to a
moral impossibility that a committee of nine gen-
tlemen, five of whom compose a majority and
quorum of the committee, can prepare a bill of
this sort which, in all its features, will meet with
the approbation and sanction of a majority of this
House.
I am opposed to the general principles and fea-
tures of this bill, yet if it is to pass, there at e pro-
visions in it which I wish to have altered and
amended; but a motion has been made to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and consequently no proposition to
amend it is in order-
One of the provisions of the bill, which t wish
to see amended, is the second section, which pro-
vides that the sections or parts of sections of land
which, by this grant, shall remain to the United
■ States, within six miles on each side of the road
or branch road, shall not be sold for less than double
the minimum price of public lands when sold, nor
shall said land become subject to private entry
until it shall have been first offered at public sale
at the increased price.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee if he will vote for the
bill if that section is amended ?
Mr. JONES. I will tell the gentleman whether
I will vote for the bill or not when 1 am called
upon to give my vote. Now, however much I
may be opposed to the bill in its general features,
1 am, if possible, more opposed to the piinciple
which that section proposes to establish than I
am to the principal object and design of the bill.
What is the effect of this second section > It is to
give each alternate section of this public land, and
then to double the price of what remains, in order
that the Treasury of the United States shall not
suffer loss by the donation. Suppose we give
three quarters out of each section, and then pro-
vide that the remaining quarter shall not be sold
for less than five dollars per acre? We would give
the road three times as much land as is proposed
by the bill; and when we had sold the remaining
quarter at five dollars per acre, your Treasury
would be just as full, just as rich as if we had sold
the entire body of the land at one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre. Rut what is the effect? It is
to tax the settlers. It is to tax the cultivators
of the soil within six miles of the line of the road
for the benefit of its company. It is to make the
cultivators of this land pay the amount of money
which shall be necessary to construct the road for
the benefit of a few corporators who own stock
in it.
But, said the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] who reported this bill, it does not propose
to give land to the company. Neither did the
Illinois bill propose to give land to the company;
but what was done by that State? What did the
Legislature of that State do when this Govern-
ment had given it the land lying along the lines of
its railroads? Did they sell those lands, and in-
vest the proceeds in the stock of roads for the
benefit of the State? Did they require that this
land should be invested for the benefit of the
people? My understanding is that they gave the
land to the company who were to construct the
road. I have seen it stated, but I do not know
how true it may be, that some $350,000 worth of
stock had been sent to the family of one gentle-
man, who was a stockholder of that road. Per-
haps he had not paid as many dollars for that
stock.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. The stock
was unpaid stock.
Mr. JONES. I saw it stated, also, that they are
selling tne alternate sections which were given to
the gentleman's State, and by that State to a com-
pany, for prices which will construct the road
and leave a surplus. I do hot know how that
may be, however.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the gentleman's
permission, I will make a single suggestion. If
the company are selling their lands at these high
prices, which I presume is true, theactual settlers,
who paid two dollars and fifty cents per acre for
their land, and which the gentleman from Tennes-
see seems to think agreathardship,are enabled to
sell it at the same high price.
I desire to call the gentleman's attention to
another thing. The State of Illinois did not grant
the land to the company absolutely without con-
sideration. They received each year, as a con-
sideration for that grant, so much of the proceeds
of the work 
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) Seven per cent.
Mr. JONES. What is the amount?
Mr. DISNEY. Seven per cent, of the gross
proceeds of the work.
Mr. JONES. Seven per cent. Well, Mr.
Speaker, suppose the sale of this land produces
money enough to construct the road, if the State
had the proceeds, and had invested it in the stock
herself, it seems to me that, instead of getting
seven per cent., the dividend declared by the com-
pany, she would have got five, six, seven, eight,
or ten per cent, profit, which might have_ been
made, and would have been made on the entire in-
vestment in the work.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to read for his information, and
for that of the committee, an extract from the re-
port? 
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would remind the
gentleman that the State could not have done so at
the time, having had to break down 
Mr. JONES. Well, 1 suppose, if she had got
the money out of these lands, she could have
broken up again.
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman from Tennes-
see will permit me, I will read an extract from the
report of the commissioner, with reference to the
expense and operations of the railroad. It is as
follows:
"To a (To id these settler* an opportunity of making seloc-
lions. Ilio land.- aintm tho proposed mute of the road werp,
forashoit period, withdrawn from the market, most of them
being of lit le value to the States where tfiey aie, or to the
General Government, until the grants were made, and till
il was ascertained tha' the road would he constructed : and
hev were then boustht up with avidity, and are now con-
sidered as the most choice and valuable."
The commissioner goes on with his statement:
"Dunns the half year ending the 3M December, 1650,
the quantity of land sold arid located within the district
traversed l)v the road was 342,000 acres; and the alternate
sections which were leserved to the United States were
released from the reservations and brought into market m
the months of July, Auiiust, and September; and during
that and the next succeeding quarter, 1,274,000 acres were
sold—an tnciease over the coi responding half year next
pieccding the construction of the road of over 932,000
acres—which the Geneial Government sold in addition, in
consequence of the location of the road and of the grant."
Mr. JONES. That may be all very true, and
I doubt not it is; but who was it that purchased
these lands? Does the gentleman [Mr. Disney]
pretend, or will any other gentleman pretend, that
these lands were sold by their former occupants,
by those persons who intended to settle on them,
and to cultivate them?
These lands, sir, were, I presume, sold to per-
sons who boughtthem on speculation; and it wouM
not alter the fact—as 1 understand it—that this
increased price, under this section, is a tax upon
those who shall settle on these lands, who shall
cultivate them; arid that the benefit thereof shall
inure to the capitalists who hold stock in the road.
I am told, sir, however, that 
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) Mr.
Speaker • 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee yield to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. JONES. I havenoobjection, sir, to allow
him to correct me, if I am in error.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would state to the
gentleman from Tennessee that my understanding
about that matter is this, that nine tenths of these
lands which were sold by the General Govern-
ment at these enhanced prices went into the
hands of the actual settlers. The town sites, the
dep6ts, and such places as these, passed into the
hands of the speculators; but the balance passed
into the hands of the occupants themselves, of
those who are either settied there now or intend to
settle there.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, if the land is
bought by the actual settlers at this rate of two
and a half dollars per acre, I ask the gentleman
from Illinois if this additional one dollar and a
quarter is not paid by these settlers for the acre of
land because the road runs alongside of it?
He is required to pay four hundred dollars for
the one quarter section because you have given
the quarter section adjoining his to the railroad.
If you had not done that he could have purchased
his quarter section fortwo hundred dollars. Now,
sir, suppose you let the Government sell all the
land for one dollar and a quarter per acre, and
then, when these lands are sold, let the men own-
ing them pay the additional two hundred dollars
in stock to a railroad company, (hen their land
will be worth two dollars and a half per acre 
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not understand that
the House has determined to consider and dispose
of this bill at the present time. 1 suggest, most
respectfully 
Mr. JONES. I did not yield to allow the gen-
tleman to make a speech. I supposed he merely
desired to ask a question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Very well.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, if the Government
would sell all these lands at the minimum price of
one dollar and twenty-five cents, and then, when
the owners shall believe that it is their interest to
locate and construct a railroad through their coun-
try, and that it would enhance the value of their
lands, let them, in the exercise of their rights and
their discretion, contribute this two hundred dol-
lars per section in addition to the price paid for
the land, and invest that in railroad stocks; they
would then have their land, and have two hundred
dollars invested in stock, upon which they would
receive the interest or dividends which would ac-
crue from the operation of the road.
I am told by my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] that this was not an absolute grant
by the State of Illinois, to that company, of the
immense grant of land given to that State, but
that the company is required to pay to the State
seven per cent upon the gross proceeds of that road.
I do not know what these lards will sell for; but
suppose for about §5,000,000; and suppose that
would be sufficient to construct that road. Sup-
| pose, further, that the gross proceeds of that should
' be ten per cent., it would amount to §500,000.
Upon that, the State of Illinois would receive
seven per cent., instead of getting the entire lands,
and the entire gross proceeds, less the amount to
defray the expenses of the road during that time.
Now, sir, as I satd before, as much as I am op-
posed to the general principle of giving away
these lands, I am more opposed, if possible, to
increasing the sections reserved by the Govern-
ment, and doubling the price thereon. I ask my
friends from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eastman,] from Iowa, [Mr.
Henn,] and my friends from every other new
