1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
State in which public lands are situated, how they
can reconcile their consistency in supporting this
principle with their support of that other principle
for which they have been contending for yearsand
years, and in the support of which I have aided
them, and in which 1 am now ready to go with
them ? I allude to the principle of graduating the
price of the public lands. How can they reconcile
the principle of the graduation of the price of the
public lands with tins principle of doubling the
price of the sections retained by the Government?
There is, sir, another feature in this bill which I
think should be amended. The bill provides—
" That the said railroad and branch shall hp. and remain
a public highway for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free from toll and other charge upon the trans-
portation of any property or troops of the United States."
Just after the word " troops," I should like to
have inserted the words "and the mads of the
United States." I think thdt if this Government
give the land out of which the means for con-
structing, railroads can be realized, that it is but
just and proper that these railroads should, at least,
carry the mails as well as the troops, and such
other property as the Government may require,
free of charge in all time to come.
Mr. EASTMAN. I will cite the gentleman
from Tennessee to the fifth section.
Mr. JON ES. 1 have looked at the fifth section,
and it is not exactly what 1 think it ought to be.
If the amendment I have proposed was inserted,
I should then move to strike out the fith section,
which reads as follows;
"Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacied, That the United
Stales mail shall be tianspoited over said railroad arid
bianch road, under The direction of the Post Otfice Depart
nient, at such price as Congress may by law direct: Pro-
vvled, That until such price is fixed by law the Postmaster
General shall have ihc power to determine the same."
Now that provision contemplates thattheprices
must be fixed by Congress upon this particular
road; and until they fix such prices, the Postmaster
General is to determine what shall be paid this
company for carrying the mails upon it. As 1
said before, I desire t,o see this section stricken
out, and a provision inserted in the third section
providing for the transportation of the mails free
of cost, as the troops and other property of the
United States are transported. It was not my
intention, when I got the floor, to enter into a dis-
cussion of the merits of this bill. I do not feel
myself competent to do so at this time; but I feel
it due to myself that I should make a few remarks
touching the proposed passage of this bill without
reference to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union. The commencement of this
policy kept this House from considering all other
business, except railroad grants, for about six
months of the first session of the last Congress.
If it be adopted again at this session, I know
not when we shall get through them. How many
railroad bills the Committee on Public Lands may
have I know not; but we must take them as they
present them. They cannot be amended in this
House. You see from the situation of this one
that they can be passed under the operation of the
previous question, after short explanatory speeches
by the gentlemen who reported them. I do not
know how many bills my friend from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] may have ready for action when this
one shall be successfully disposed of here. I know
that some have been reported, and have gone to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. But pass this one, and how easy it will
be for the friends of these various propositions—
even those which have been reported and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—to get up other bills in the committee,
something different, butimmatei ially so, from those
already reported and leferred, bring them in here,
and pass them upon the report of the committee
without opportunity for discussion, and without
opportunity for amendment, or proposition even
for amendment.
I think sound policy requires of the House that,
if we intend to give all the business a fair chance,
we should refer these bills to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Why, it is
the general impression here now, that when bills
are referred to the Committee of the Whole they
are lost.
Mr. DEAN, (interrupting.) I rise to a privi-
leged question. With a view of moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the sute of the
Union, I move that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES. 1 hope the gentleman will not
insist upon that motion, and I will finish what I
have to say in a minute.
Mr. DEAN. Does the gentleman intend to
move the previous question before he takes his
seat ?
Mr. JONES. T do not think I shall; but I Will
not occupy more than a minute more with my
remarks. 1 merely wish to state that every bill
in the Committee of the Whole is in the hands of
a majority of that committee. The rule is as
plain as anything can make it; when you go into
Cummitleeeof the Whole, and the Calendar comes
up for consideration, if any member desires to
pass by the first bill which is called up in its order
by the chairman, he moves that it be passed over.
The majority may direct that it shall be passed
over, and the next bill comes up, which the ma-
jority may also pass over, and so on, until they
come to the one they wish to reach, and which
the majority are disposed to take up. The only
exceptions to this rule are general appropriation
bills, and bills for raising troops, &c., in time of
war. Happily, we have none of this latter class
at this time; and I see no difficulty in getting at
these bills in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, whenever the majority may be dis-
posed to take them up.
Mr. SKELTON obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve uself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from the gentleman from New Jersey for
that purpose.
Mr. DEAN. I suppose the morning hour has
expired, and that it is in order to move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. DEAN. I make the motion, then; and I
now move that the lules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. 9
The question was put; and, upon a division, 44
rose in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in
the chair) announced that the motion was not
carried.
Mr. DEAN. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Dean and
Vail appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table; and, being
put, it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SKELTON, (resuming.) When the bill
now under consideration was first presented by
the Committee on Public Lands, I was anxious
that it should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the st^te of the Union; but perceiving
that there is a disposition on the paitof the House,
or at least on the part of the friends of the bill, to
urge its immediate passage, and discussion having
taken place, I feel constrained, on this occasion,
to offer a few remarks in opposition to appropri-
ations of this kind. I thought at first of raising a
question of order upon this bill; but that question
| having been heretofore raised and decided ad-
I versely, I will state the reason why I believe it
ought to go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The bill contains an ap-
propriation of public lands. The rules of the
House require that all bills containing appropri-
ations, shail go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The decision of the
House, heretofore made, is that appropriations of
public lands are not appropriations of money, and
therefore do not come under that rule. Now, I
believe that distinction not to be valid.
But I have another objection to the bill. It con-
tains an appropriation of lands to aid in the con-
struction of internal improvements. I believe that
lands are the same as money; indeed I believe that
they are much more valuable than money. When
we expend the public treasure of the country and
| exhaust the amount in the hands of the United
i States Treasurer, the loss rests with the amount
of money expended; but when we appropriate and
dispose of all the lands of the United States, it
exhausts the supplies, and we have no means of
returning to the people of the United States that
inheritance which is more valuable than anything
which has ever descended to the American people
save liberty itself. If the view which I take be
correct, these appropriations are unconstitutional.
I do not propose, however, on this occasion, to
enter into a discussion of the constitutional ques-
tion. Such discussions have degenerated to such
a condition that the House is neither willing to
listen or attach weight to them.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hand of Mr. Machen, its Chief Clerk,
notifying the House that that body had passed a
bill and joint resolution of the following titles,
and requesting its concurrence therein:
S. 228. "An act for the relief of settlers on
lands reserved for railroad purposes;" and
S. R. 12. "A resolution accepting ceitain voir
umes and medals presented by her Britannic Ma-
jesty's Government to the United States."]
Mr. SKELTON, (resuming.) I was about to
remark, that the distinction* between the money
and the land of the United States was in favor of
the latter. I will say here, that I would sooner
appropriate money out of the public Treasury for
the construction of these roads than I would ap-
propriate the public land. When that land is ex-
hausted, we have no other; and the effect of that
exhaustion will be felt in the country for hundreds
of generations to come. For what purpose is the
public land intrusted to the care of the representa-
tives of the people? Is it not, sir, that it should
be cultivated? that it should be settled? that it
should yield sustenance for our kind, and like-
wise, that it should be productive of health, of
| commerce, of trade to the whole country?
This Government is in its infancy. The policy
i about to be adopted, whether correct or otherwise,
I will be felt for generations yet to come. Look
back at the history of our country. Look at the
brief period which has elapsed since the first set-
tlements were made on this land. Look at the
rapid strides which civilization, agriculture, and
the arts are making toward the Pacific ocean.
Consider that the child is now born who will see
this country, if its progress in prosperity be as
great in the future as it has been heretofore, cov-
ered with a population of 200,000,000. Is it of no
j consequence, then, whether this land go into the
hands of corporations or that of the actual settler?
I might dwell on this point at length; but I do not
propose to make any extended remarks at this
time. All I desire is, simply to call the attention
of honorable members to the result of this action
! on the future prosperity of the Union. I object to
; these appropriations because they are unjust;
i and any injustice done by the Congress is an
! injury to the country.
i Our institutions and our Government must rest
i on the eternal and immutable principles of justice,
i If we want to sap the foundations of liberty, de-
stroy the morals of the people, and the happiness
of our common kind, then overlook the demands
of justice, and your object is accomplished. It is
unjust to the older States to appropriate these
j lands for internal improvements in the new States.
| We claim a common inheritance in these lands.
1 I might dwell on that point; but I shall pass it
, by saying that it is unjust to the new States, it is
1 unjust to the States where the land is located,
and, if anything, more unjust to them than the
1 older States. What will be the effect, this land
in the hands of corporations? It will be to in-
i crease its price, and put it into the market; and
j, one of the weightiest objections to this bill was
!■ that urged by thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
' Jontesj] that it increased the price of the land and
, excluded the poor toiling millions from settling
. on it. ,111,
But, sir, it has been remarked—and the only
argument that I have heard in favor of this appro-
priation, is—that the increased price of trie re-
maining lands counterbalances the value of that
^ranted away; and that, therefore, the General
! Government suffers no loss by the transaction.
■ [Some interruption having taken place, owing
! to the noise in the Hall, Mr. Skelton suspended
j his remarks for a moment. Resuming them, he
| said:]
! I was about remarking, Mr. Speaker, when I
! was interrupted, that the proposition which has
