1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
signified their desire that they might have until
to-morrow to deliberate on their course in this
matter. :
[Cries of 14 Give us until Monday!" "No; to-
morrow !"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We shall want sometime
for sleep.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the view of afford-
ing them the opportunity they wish, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of "Let us adjourn until Monday!"
" To-morrow is time enough !" as well as others,
were heard amid the prevailing confusion in the
Hall.]
Mr. HUNT. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
to listen to me.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Orr in the Chair.) The
gentleman will suspend until order be restored in.
the Hall.
After members had, to some extent, resumed
their seats,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. HUNT. Will the gentleman from Illinois
permit me to say a word?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly,sir.
[Cries of "That's right!" " Hear him !"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield to the gentle-
man with great pleasure.
Mr. HUNT. The friends of union and con-
stitutional liberty are anxious to bring this matter
to an amicable conclusion. As one of them, it is
the strongest wish of my heart. If you will ad-
journ, gentlemen, until Monday,yon will give us
full time for conferring with our friends.
I belong to no clique. I am associated with no
caucus. I have no factious feeling in my bosom.
I speak as a patriot for the good of my country.
If you will join me in the same spirit of liberty,
in the same feeling of friendship, I will unite with
you to bring about an end which I believe will
promote the harmony and welfare of the whole
country. I ask you, gentlemen, to accede to that
proposition.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would myself most
gladly accede to the proposition of the gentleman
from Louisiana; but my friends on this side of
the House have advised me to the course which I
have already indicated. When assembled here
to-morrow, I trust that we can discuss and arrange
preliminaries which will lead to the result—as de-
sirable to me as it is to the gentleman from Louisi-
ana. I sincerely trust that we may be able to
do it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to say
a single word of reply to the gentleman from
Louisiana.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Hear him !"]
Mr. STEPHENS. While the gentleman from
Louisiana may occupy the position he states, yet
he cannot speak for those who have been ob-
structing the business of the House.
Mr. HUNT. One word as to that. Several
gentlemen connected with those who have been
acting here to-day as opponents of the bill have
requested me to consider what plan I could devise
to bring this matter to an amicable adjustment.
It is for that reason that I have some hope of
success. But I do think that it would be reason-
able in the gentleman to accede to what I have
proposed.
[Cries of " Gluestien !" " Question !"]
Mr. STEPHENS, I have but one other re-
mark; that is, the gentleman cannot speak for
them, and I state it with all due respect; that while
he wishes harmony, and while he does not desire
unnecessarily to obstruct legislation, yet he must
see that there is a determination among a large
part of those who act with him—without any
harmony of feeling on that point, I have no doubt,
butstill acting with him—who continuously intend
to throw obstructions in the way of the passage
of the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I would ask the gentleman
and the House to allow me to say a word?
[Cries of " Hear him !"]
Mr. CULLOM. I have been acting, Mr.
Speaker, firmly with those who have resisted
what I, for one, have regarded as an attempt in-
some degree to stifle debate on this very important
question. I have been actuated by no factious
feeling. I have, from the first, been determined to
resort to nothing disorganizing to defeat the passage
of this bill, if it be the deliberate intention of a ma-
jority of the House that it shall pass this ordeal;
but,'sir, I have thought that we have not had that
full discussion yet which the importance of the
question deserves. When that discussion shall
have been exhausted, I am not one of those who
will stand in the way and impede the legitimate
legislation of the country.
How far I may yield my opposition to the bill
I am not prepared to say; but I will say to the
gentleman from Georgia, and I will say to this
House, and to the country, that I have been
prompted in all that I have done, and 1 will be
prompted m all that I may do, by a desire to per-
fect this measure, so that it may redound to the
greatest possible good of the country. If it be
consummated, then my opposition shall cease.
Mr. STEPHENS. One word. The gentle-
man says that he wants full discussion. I will
not moot tiae question with that gentleman how
long he would want the bill discussed; perhaps
two months, or six: months. The House, Mr.
Speaker, must bethe judge of that question. It has
been so for ten years. We have had questions of
peace, and questions of war taken after less debate
than has already been permitted on this measure.
A majority of the body think that enough of the
public time has been taken up in speeches. Then
the gentleman does not wish to offer factious op-
position to the bill when a majority have thus
expressed themselves! ' I think that the will
of the majority should be teamed out in closing:
debate on the subject. So they have determined.
The pending question before the House is, wheth-
er debate shall be closed. We were willing to
have extended the time for discussion to another
week, contrary to the judgment of the House.
But what I say is, that theie are men here with
whom the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cul-
lom) is acting, who will not agree to a week, who
will not agree to a month, who will not agree to a
year. Yes, Mr. Speaker, there are men acting
with that gentleman who declare that their object
is faction. And we have heard the proclamation
comingfroma neighboring city which, I think, is
calculated to startle and alarm the people of this
country and the members of this House—at least,
to awaken suspicion as to what is their legitimate
object.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman does not
consider me chargeable with whatever of faction
there may be by those who by chance happen to
act with me.
Mr. STEPHENS. Not at all. I am only
telling the gentleman that while he occupies the
position which he has spoken of, the majority of
the House must look to what they may ultimately
expect fiom this other outside faction. We must
look facts sternly in the face; and we do know
that there i«  a class of gentlemen 
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I call the gentleman from
Georgia to order. If there be discussion allowed,
I must have a hand in it.
Mr. HUNT. One word, Mr. Speaker.
[Cries of "Order!" "There is no debatable
question '"]
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is called to order. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
He has indulged this discussion, in the hope that
it might lead to some profitable result. He in-
dulged gentlemen in suggestions until the question
of order has been made. It is the duty of the
Chair now to enforce order. Debate is out of order,
because there is no debatable proposition before
the House. Thequestion pending is on the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,]
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I simply desire, Mr.
Speaker, as this whole matter is out of order, with
the consent of the House, to inquire of the gentle-
man from Georgia 
Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
[Cries of " Order .'"from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, amidst much confusion,
said: I shall resist this measure to the bitter end.
I say so, never minding the gentleman who calls
me to order.
|Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. SEWARD. There are other places in-
stead of this where personal difficulties may be
settled.
[Members here crowded ai^obnd Mr. Camp-
bell. Many got on the tops of the desks.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I tell gentlemen that Ismail
resist this measure with all the po^rlthat-r;e£n,
to the bitter end.
The SPEAKER. The House will come to
order. The Sergeant-at-Arms will preserve order.
[Members still continued crowding around Mr.
Campbell.]
TheSPEAKER. The Chair calls on all lovers
of order to preserve order in the Hall.
.The Sergeant-at-Arms, wrth the'mace of^the
House, proceeded to compel members to resume
their seats and preserve order.
The SPEAKER. Those who are disorderly
are acting in contempt of the House.
[Cries of "Down from the desks!"]
Order was now partially restored.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the question.
The SPEAKER. Thequestion is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move that when theHdfcse
adjourns, it be to meet on Monday ne\-£.
Mr. HUNT. By leave of the House, I wish
to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
for a moment.
Mr. SEWARD., I want to say a word. ..
The SPEAKER; Objection flas been made on
all sides to further debate. There is no debatable
question before the House. The Chair pau^t
enforce the rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not propose to make a
speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order, and cannot be heard. If the gentleman
desires to submit a point of order, the Chair will
entertain it.
Mr. SEWARD, I withdraw the motion for
adjournment over.
Mr. PARKER. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now state
the question. It has been moved by the gentle-
man from Illinois that the Housedo now adjourn.
The gentleman from Indiana moves that wtien the
House adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next.
The question will be first taken on the-motion fotf
adjournment over.
[Cries of " Withdraw the motion to adjourn
over! "]
Mr. PARKER. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. MACE. I rise to a question of order.
My point is, that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] has made a fair proposition to the
House, and I think that we ought to agree to it^
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a question of
order.
[Cries of " It is the right question, though !"]
Mr. HUNT. Friends and gentlemen 
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair must admonish
the gentleman from Louisiana, in all kindness, that
debate has been objected to. The Chair will pro-
pound the interrogatory to the House whether
there is unanimous consent that the gentleman be
allowed to proceed ?'
[Cries of " Consent!"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I was inter-
rupted by objection. Before I had finished what I
had to say, i was called.to order. I object to the
gentleman's going on, unless the same privilege
be allowed me.
[Cries of " CXuesfion !"]
Mr. HUNT. 1 appeal to the courtesy of the
gentleman from Georgia to allow me to reply to a
part of the statement which has been made.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object, unless all can be
heard.
The SPEAKER. No further debate can be
allowed.
Mr. SEWARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I demand tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and the Chair decided that it was carried
in the affirmative. [Applause.]
Thereupon the House adjourned (at twenty-'
seven minutes to twelve o'clock, p. m.) until to-,
morrow at twelve, m.
