1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Mag 12, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of George
W.8Tonence, a soldier in the late war with Mex-
ico, praying compensation for injuries received in
the discharge of his duty, and for extra services
rendered at the National Bridge, in Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition signed by a
large number of citizens of New York, against
the repeal of the Missouri compromise; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. There is no quorum present. j
Mr. WELLER. Let us have the yeas and 1
nays on that (notion. j
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Brinlit, Chase, Clay, j
James, Johnson, PeSree, Walker, and Wiiglit—10.
JVAVy—Messrs. Itrowfi, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Fitzpatnck, Ilunlei, ALdtoiy, Morion, Petut, j
Pralt, Ru k, fcilideli, fcstuait, Thompson of Kentucky, and
Weller—15. j
The PRESIDENT. There is no quorum vot- j
ing. |
Mr. WALKER. There is no quorum voting, ;
said we might as well adjourn. 1 therefore move j
that we do now adjourn. I
Mr. PRATT. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on ;
that motion. It is but a few minutes past twelve |
o'clock; and we know the exciting position of the !
other House, and that Senators have gone there i
to look on. They will be here in a few moments, j
and we shall be able to proceed with business. I j
hope the Senate will not adjourn. j
One fifth of the Senators present not voting for
taking the question by yeas and nays, they were
not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 13, 1854.
The House met at. twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Clerk proceeded to read yesterday 'a Journal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Journal is very unin-
teresting. Its parts are all the same, and I move •
that its further reading be dispensed with. j
Mr. JONES, of New York. I object. j
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the j
Clerk will proceed with thereadingof the Journal, j
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the I
Journal during; half ail hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 renew my motion that
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with. It is very uninteresting; and certainly no
gentleman can want it read. I would appeal to
the gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Jones] to
withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
if the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with, it would still be ill order to amend any por-
tion of >t.
Mr. COBB. I am oftheopinion that the Jour-
nal had better be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw his objection.
fCries of " No!" " Object!" " Read thejour-
nal !"]
The Journal of yesterday was then read through.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. MAURICE. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to a
privileged question. 1 desire that the Journal may
be corrected in that stage in which it refers to
those proceedings of the House night before last,
when 1 asked to be excused from voting on the
motion that there be a call of the House. The
Journal correctly describes two portions of those
proceedings, but omits what I submit is an essen-
tial feature of the matter.
With the permission of the House, I will recall
the circumstances. A motion was made that
there be a call of the House. I asked to be ex-
cused from voting on that motion. The House
ordered the yeas and nays on my motion. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
suggested that it was not m order to permit me to
ask to be excused from voting. The Chair sus-
tained the point of order raised by that gentleman.
An appeal was taken from that decision. The
Speaker entertained the appeal. A motion was
then made that the appeal be laid upon the table.
I asked to be excused frijjn voting on that motion.
The Speaker decided that it was not in order
for me to ask to be excused. Thereupon I pro-
posed to take an appeal from his decision, which
he ruled out of order. 1 then voted on a motion
of the gentleman from Noith Carolina to lay the
appeal on the table. I voted with the majority.
I did so m order that I might move to reconsider.
I did move to reconsider, and the Chai(ruled that
motion out of order. All 1 desire is, that the
Journal should set forth these facts. It does set
forth that I asked to be excused from voting, and
that I moved to reconsider; but it does not set
forth the intermediate appeal from the decision of
the Chair. 1 ask that the Journal maybe collected.
The SPEAKER. The Cleik will read las
minutes of that portion of the proceedings of the
House.
The Clerk read his minutes, as follows:
" Pending the question, on motion by Mr. Omngman to
lay tiie appeal on the table, Mr Maurick asked to bo ex-
cused from voting thereon. The Speaker decided that the
motion whs not m order, on the gtound that the same ques-
tion was involved m the decision already pending. From
this latter decision Mr. Maurice proposed to appeal, whieh
the Speaker lelu-ed to entertain, on the ground tlmt two
appeals could not be pending «H one tune."
Mr. MAURICE. That would be satisfactory
to me, but the Cleik tells me that he has no power
to enter it on the Journal without the consent of
the House.
TheSPEAKER. Motions made, and on which
there has been no action of the House, do not go
upon the Journal. Por that reason the Clerk did
not enter what occurred at the time to which the
gentleman lias referred. In this connection, the
gentleman from New York regards it as import-
ant that the minutes of the Clerk should be entered
upon the Journal; and the Chair is of the opinion
that it would not be inappropriate to enter them
on it. It isasimplequesuon. It is for the House
to say whether or not they shall be entered upon
the Journal.
[Cries of (t Consent!" "Consent!"]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will order the minutes of the Clerk to be
entered upon the Journal.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question will then be
put to the House.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I have not looked
at the report in the Globe. It is Lrue that that
ecord is not provided for by the Constitution, but
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
the resoluiion on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Before that
question is taken, I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. BRIDGES. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
[Cries of " Oh, no !" and "Withdraw that!"]
Mr. BRIDGES. I cannot withdraw it.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Vail and
Wheeler were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported thirty-
eight in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. NORTON. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The House is evidently much fatigued,
and I therefore move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next; and
on that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] moves that there be a call of the
House. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
i Matteson] moves that the House adjourn; and
upon that motion demands the yeas and nays.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] moves
that when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Tuesday next; and upon that motion demands
the yeas and nays. The latter motion will be put
first.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. H1BBARD demanded tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to demand
tellers.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and there were—yeas 52, nays 139.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. HUNT. With the indulgence of the
House, I will make a personal explanation. A
friend has handed me the Union this morning. I
read a paragraph headed " Adjournment of the
House."
" At twelve o'clock last night tho session of the House
of Repiesentatives was brought lo a Midden and unexpected
close. The l.ictious course of a few of the prominent men
m the muioiity had finally created sueh indignation among
the reasonable men of their own side, and among liie ma-
jority of the Honse, that iVIr. Hunt, of Louisiana, one of
the opponents of the hill, rose 111 Ills place, arid, seconded
by Mr. Culi.om, of Tennessee, and others of iiis triends,
proposed to the majority that inasmuch as lie and those
for whom he spoke did not desire to be factions, or to etn-
hanass the majority, a satisfactory airangcmeiit would he
made if an adjournment could he had liil to day, C'otonel
Richardson, oil the part of Ihe fnerids ot the bill, ac-
cepted ibe proposition, and, on his motion, the House ad-
journed till twelve o'clock to-day."
This article is a total misrepresentation of my
feelings and conduct. I find m this morning's
Globe a report, substantially correct, of wh.at I
it is by the order of the House. It is as efficient j jjj aayf which I now wish to read to the House.
and reliable for what takes place here, and as
of good authority as the Journal, save that ltdoes "
not pass under the inspection of the House. I sup- >i
pose that the reporters for that paper have correctly |1
reported the proceedings, and ! have no doubt j]
that their report will be entirely satisfactory to jj
the gentleman from New York, who is interested |l
in tills matter. If it be the same to him it would jj
be better for the House to preserve the proper ||
mode of keeping the Journal. Yet, if the gentle- j
man desires it, 1 have no objection to the Clerk's j!
minutes being enteied on the Journal m reference ij
to the matter indicated. For all practical purposes
the Globe will be as of good authority to him as
the Journal.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the House ordered that the Journal should
be amended as indicated.
The SPEAKER. The pending question before
the House is on the motion of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] that he beexcused from
voting upon the motion made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to lay the res-
olution closing debate upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So Mr. Washburn was excused.
Mr.' RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] permit me to make a
remark? 1 state that I know nothing of the arti-
cle in the Union.
Mr. HUNT. I would be ashamed to suppose
that the gentleman would be euilty of such a thing.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Before the gentleman
from Louisiana subittmed ariy remarks, I myself
made the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNT. Certainly. That stamps the
falsehood from the right quarter. I desire, with
the indulgence of the House, to read what 1 did
say, that the country may not be led into an error
' in legard to it. I desire to say that I stigmatized
| no opponents of the bill as factious. I expressed
; no indignation either directly or indircctly, express-
' ly or by implication, against their course. The
language I used is substantially reported in the
Globe of this morning; and I will now read it to
i tile House:
: "The friends of union and constitutional liberty are
i anxious to bring tins matter to an amicable conclusion-^
1 As one, of them, it is the stronge-t wish of my heait. If
' >ou will adjourn', gentlemen, untii Monday,"
: —this paper (the Union) says "till this morn-
| ihg"—
j " jou will give us fill! time for conferring with our friends.
" 1 belong to nochque. I am associated with no caucus.
I I have no factious feeling in my bosom. I speak as a patriot
