474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
route from Royalton to Burlington; which part of
the route, for the transportation of the mail, was
assigned by the contractors to the petitioner.
Under the order of the Postmaster General, the
mail from Boston arrived at Royalton on Saturday
evening, and remained over until the Monday
morning following.
The inconvenience to the public by this order
appears to have been so great that the postmasters
on the route and other citizens solicited and urged
the petitioner to continue the transportation of
the mail every day, notwithstanding the order of
the Postmaster General. He did so; and by so
doing the line was continued unbroken, and the
mail was transported regularly from Boston to the
capita! of Vermont, and thence to Burlington,
and vice versa, every day in the week. The peti-
tioner, therefore, claims the sum of $1,008 90,
being the sum withheld from him by the Post-
master General, on account of the order for dis-
continuing the transportation of the mail.
The order of the Postmaster General, if it had
been carried out, would have occasioned great
inconvenience to the public, for it would have
delayed the mail thirty-six hours on one of the
most important and productive routes in that sec-
tion of the country. The order, though peremp-
tory on its face, was, no doubt, designed as a tem-
porary measuie for the relief of the Department
in its then embarrassed condition. This is ap-
parent from the fact, that after the expiration of
the petitioner's contract, the Department ordered
a daily mail upon the route.
it also appears that the mail was carried by the
petitioner, at the request of the Postmaster Gen-
era), after the contract had expired, from the first
of January, 1837, to the first of July of the fame
year. The one seventh part of the amount of the
original contract for performing that service was
also retained by the Postmaster General, and is
included in the bill.
As the service was performed, and as theauthor-
jty of the Postmaster General to issue the order
to discontinue the mail is inconsistent with the
contract, the passage of the bill was recommended
by the committee.
Mr. BA'YAIID. Does the bill allow interest?
Mr. FOOT. Itdoes not. 1 haveonly to repeat
what I said when I called for the consideration of
the bill before. This subject was very fully con-
sidered, and debated at great length during the
last Congress; and a bill for the relief of Mr. Day
passed the Senate by a decisive majority. The
only question in controversy at that time, was
upon the allowance of interest. The bill then in-
cluded interest upon the original amount deemed to
be due to Mr. Day. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, however, at this session,
have reported a bill only allowing the principal
sum,and not including interest. Presuming, there-
fore, that there will be no objection to the bill, I
ask that it may be passed at once.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment; was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a third time, and passed.
GRAY, M'MURDO AND COMPANY.
On the motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- j
eider the bill from the House for the relief of
Gray, McMurdo & Co., which had been reported
from the Committee of Claims without amend-
ment.
The bill appropriates the sum of $570 70, to be
paid to Gray, MeMurdo & Co., of New Orleans,
in the State of Louisiana, in full of their account
for interest on moneys advanced by them in 1850
to the Quartermaster's Department.
During the period between May and July,
1850, Gray, McMurdo & Co. advanced to Thomas
F. Hunt, Deputy Quartermaster General at New
Oileans, $57,000, for which he received the drafts
of the deputy upon the Quartermaster at Wash-
ington city. At the time those drafts became due,
the appropriations for the Quartermaster's De-
partment were exhausted, and the drafts were not
paid until the 7th of October, 1850, the appropri-
ation bill having passed on the 28th of September.
Interest is claimed on the advances from the time
they were made. j
Mr, WALKER. I have no objection to the J
bill, i think it but just that it should pass. 1 j
asked for the reading of the report, to call the i
attention of the Senate to the fact that it proposes
to make an appropriation for interest only; and
from the further fact, that there are other bills
pending which propose to allow interest, two of
which have been reported from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, of which 1 am chairman.
I hope that when this bill is passed it will not be
considered that the committee of which i speak
is doing injustice, when it asks that the Senate
shall deal out the same justice to others that it
proposes to deal out in this case. I think that
interest ought to be allowed in this case. 1 think
that the bill ought to pass; it is but justice to the
claimants here that they should have the interest
upon this sum; but I do not wish that it, should be
a special case, legislated for favorably, and that
all other similar cases should be rejected, because
they are cases involving interest.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no opposition to make
to this bill, for I consider it an excepted case, a
caseof advance of money to the Government with-
out any obligation on the part of the individuals
to make that advance, or withouttheir having any
interest in the making of it. I think the practice
exceedingly censurable which allows a quarter-
master, or any other officer, to draw drafts for
money when there is no appropriation to pay.the
amount for which they are drawn; but we are
not passing upon that now.
Under such a practice, as I understand, the
money was advanced by these gentlemen, who
are bankers or merchants in New Orleans, with-
out any other consideration than a desire to pre-
vent a difficulty connected with the disbursements
of the Quartermaster's Department. Undersuch
circumstances, as there was no profit to be made,
it not being the case of a contract into which the
parties entered for their benefit, 1 should think it
formed an excepted case, and that they would be
entitled to interest from the time the money be-
came due; although, as I have already said, I
think the practice exceedingly censurable which
authorizes any officer of the Army, or any other
officer, to draw bills without the knowledge of the
fact that there aie funds to meet the draft.
'The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be read a third time,
was read a third time, and passed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WALKER. Will it be in order for me to
make a report from the Committee on Public
Lands?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that unanimous consent has been given
to the consideration of public business, so that,
in the opinion of the Chair, it will be in order.
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill to perpetuate
preemption to actual settlers on the public lands,
have directed me to report it back, with several
amendments, and to recommend its passage.
That bill is designed by the committee to take
the place of what is commonly called the home-
stead bill; and it does m point of fact, I think,
more effectually than any other bill now before
either branch of Congress, go to the extent of
securing homesteads to actual settlers. As that
subject will be one of great interest, and in all
probability will «;ive rise to some considerable dis-
cussion, 1 now move that the bill be printed, with
the amendments proposed by the committee. I
will remark further, before permitting the motion
to be put, that if the bill shall pass, it will be ne-
cessary also, to change its title, and I shall propose
to change the title to that of " An act securing a
homestead to e-ich head of a family."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill and
the amendments will be printed without any mo-
tion being made to that effect.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill for the estab-
lishment of a land ofhee in the Lower Peninsula
of Michigan.
GOVERNOR RAMSEY.
Mr. COOPER. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the report of the
commissioners appointed to investigate the charges
against Governor Ramsey, late Commissioner of
Indian Affairs in Minnesota, have instructed me
to make a report.
Before presenting the report, I wish to state to
the Chair that it concludes with a resolution which
I desire to have passed immediately. Governor
Ramsey has been here waiting on the action of the
committee; and, through my own neglect, and not
that of the committee, the action of the commit-
tee has been delayed until this time. The commit-
tee unanimously have acquitted Governor Ramsey
of all impropriety of conduct; and one of the gen-
tlemen who preferred the charges has had the man-
liness to come out and say that, after hearing the
testimony, he is entirely satisfied, and that Gov-
ernor Ramsey should be acquitted of all blame.
1 ask that the resolution -with which the report
closes be passed now. The committee have unan-
imously recommended it.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; arid that the accounts
of Governor Ramsey, growing out of dubm sements of the
funds referred to m this report, be settled by the proper De-
partment.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, on the rrport of the commissioner appointed to inves-
tigate the charges against Governor Ramsey, be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his
Private Secretary, announcing that he had ap-
proved and signed the following enrolled bills and
joint resolution:
" An act to indemnify the State of Indiana for
the failure of title to a township of land granted to
said State on her admission into the Union in
1816;"*
" An act to extend the limits of the port of New
Orleans;" and
" A joint resolution for supplying new members
of the-Senate and House of Representatives with
such books of a public character as have been
heretofore supplied."
LOUISIANA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. BAYARD informally submitted an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute to the bill grant-
ing to the State of Louisiana the right of way and
a donation of public land for the purpose of loca-
ting and constructing a railroad from Shreveport
to the Mississippi river; which was ordered to be
printed.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to organize the
Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] permission to say one
word. The friends of this bill, under the impres-
sion that it seems to be the understanding of its
opponents that the debate may be concluded at an
early day, have consulted together as to how long
a tune its friends would be responsible for perfect-
ing it, and have come to the conclusion that to-day,
to-morrow, Monday, and Tuesday would enable
us to bring the debate to a conclusion; so that on
Wednesday, at one o'clock,! may sum up the
debate, and then that we may take the vote on that
day. 1 make this announcement with the view
that those who are anxious to go away may rely
upon how we shall proceed to act.
I would state, therefore, to the friends of the
bill, that on that day I shall ask that the vote may
be taken, m pursuance of what I believe to be the
general understanding. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] will, [ understand, be
able to go on to-day, after the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. CHASE. With the leave of the Senator
from Virginia, I wish to say that, in conformity
with a notice given by me on a former day, I shall
propose a number of amendments to this bill, and
ask the vote of the Senate upon them. But i shall
not interpose any objection to the question being
taken at the earliest possible moment upon the
bill, consistently with doing my whole duty with
regard to it.
Mr. HUNTER spoke an hour and a half in
support of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER followed on the same side.
Having spoken an hour, he gave way at the
suggestion of Mr. MASON, and the further con-
sideration of the subject was postponed until to-
morrow. [See Appendix for these speeches.]
