2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
1
Mr. COBB. I cannot just now. ff the House
will allow me, I think that 1 may make a sugges-
tion which will meet with the general concurrence.
An appeal has been made to me to let my motion
for a suspension of the rules go over until to-
morrow morning, with a view of the House going
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Senate amendments to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. 1 have not the
slightest objection to the proposition. If it be the
pleasure of the House, I shall even waive those
rights m which my whole political existence is
involved.
•The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the. motion submitted by the gentle-
man from Alabama shall go over until to-morrow
morning ?
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
Mr. McMULLlN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr HOUSTON. The gentleman desires to
ask a committee of conference on a Senate bill.
Mr. JONES. What bill is it?
Mr. McMULLlN. It is Senate bill No. 388,
"authorizing the extension of the Alexandria
and Washington railroad into the District of Co-
lumbia." The House madean amendment to the
bill, but the Senate disagreed to that amendment;
and I now move that the House insist on its
amendment, and that a committee of conference
be appointed on the part of the House to meet a
like committee on the part of the Senate on the
disagreeing vote.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
privileged question, I desire to make a report from
the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion pending, made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] is of equal privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. A communication was made
from the Senate yesterday, to the House of
Representatives, showing that the Secretary of the
Senate had, by mistake, neglected to engross two
amendments to the civil and diplomatic bill. I ask
that that message may be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to be
considered in connection with the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
It was so ordered. ,
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was agreed to. •
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof ihe Wholeon thestateof the Union,
(Mr. Orrio the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the amendments of the Senate to House
bill (No. 48) " making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending (lie 30th of June, 1855."
_ The CHAIRMAN. The committee, at its last
sitting, had under consideration the eighty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, which is in line nine
hundred and ninety-three, to strike out" $41,000,"
and insert as follows:
Which said salaties shall hereafter he, of the Chief Jus-
tice, 000, and of the Associate Justices, each,
commencing Iho present fiscal year, .459,000.
So as to make the clause read as follows:
For salaries of Iho Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
ami eight Associate Jmt<;es, which said salaries shall here
alter he, of ihe Chief Justice, .$7,000, and ol the Associate
Justices, ,-36,51)0 eacli, commencing with the present Ileal
year, $59,00)  
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
proposed to amend the amendment by striking
out the word " seven," and inserting in lieu there- |
ol the word " six," and to amend also in the same
line by striking out the word " six," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof " five," and in the last line by
striking out the word " nine."
The question was taken on Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Thequestion recurred on the Senateamendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I propose to amend the
amendment by reducing the sum one dollar on
each of the proposed augmentations of salary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to my col-
league that, under the circumstances of our having
so short a portion of the session left to act on all
the bills before Congress, I shall insist on the
Chair administering the rule which requires mem-
bers to speak to their amendments. I say so in
respect to my colleague's amendment, because I
know that he will understand and appreciate my
motive.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to make a correction
in my amendment. I propose to increase the sal-
aries one dollar, instead of reducing them that
amount. I am very well aware of the value of
the time of the House at this period of the ses-
sion. I know that there are important bills to be
perfected, but I also know this, that there is not
i a measure before this House which is, m my esti-
I mation, of more importance than the particular
amendment which now addresses itself to the at-
tention of this committee. If there is one branch
of this Government which should, more than an-
other, receive the favor of this House, it is the
Supreme Court, which constitutes a coordinate
branch of the Government. The judges of this
court have no political alliance, and therefore it
is, 1 suppose, that no gentlemen on this floor are
particularly interested in seeing that proper justice
is done to them. If this were a proposition to
increase the compensation of the clerks of the
House, of the pages of the House, or of the
clerks of the Departments, there would be scores
of gentlemen ready to stand up and urge the
House to agree to it. I say, that if the judges
of the Supreme Court wer.e men of political in-
fluence, there would not be so few members in
this House anxious to urge their just claims upon
us for an increase of salary. Unlike almost every
other braneh of the Government, they are cut off
from the exercise of political influence. They
hold their sessions remote from us, and remote
from the society over which they might have in-
fluence. That is the reason why so few members
of this House seem disposed to support the Sen-
ate's amendment proposing to increase their sal-
ary; a proposition which seems to me to be noth-
ing more than common justice. Sir, I say if there
is any one branch of the public service ill-paid, it
is the service to which I have reference. We have
propositions to increase the salaries of all other
officers of the Government. Almost every other
branch of the public service has succeeded in
having the salaries of officers increased. Com-
pare the labor, the responsibilities, the expenses
attending this position, and you will find that even
common justice requires, at our hands, that we
should vote the increase proposed here by the Sen-
ate and by my motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman yield me the floor?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Yes; you may have the rest
of my time.
Mr. STANTON. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Alabama. My object in rising
at this time is to oppose that amendment, for the
reason that I am 111 favor of the original amend-
ment of the Senate.
Now, sir, I presume that it is not necessary
before this committee—composed as it is of gen-
tlemen, many of them belonging to the legal pro-
fession, and all of them sufficiently well ac-
quainted with the high character and importance
of the duties performed by the judges of the Su-
! preme Court of the United States—to refer to
( them. And, sir, I feel that nothing more is ne-
| cessary, if, indeed, so much is necessary, than to
say that I believe that the sum proposed by the
Senate, as an amendment to this clause, is not
more than sufficient for 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 lise to a question of or-
der. I think the gentleman is speaking upon the
same side with the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I am opposed to
his amendment. I contend that the amount rec-
ommended by the Senate is just the right amount,
and that the one dollar which the gentleman from
Alabama proposes to add to it is one dollar too
much, and for that reason I am opposed to his
amendment. That is the point of my argument,
and I will confine my remarks within the limits of
proper debate in regard to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. Is that speech in opposition to
the one made by the gentleman from Alabama?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee said so. [Alaughi]
Mr. PHILLIPS. I withdraw my amendment,
if there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
withdrawal. Let us have a vote upon it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Phil-
lips's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out the Sen-
ate amendment, and insert in lieu thereof the words
u and their salary shall be the same as now pre-
scribed by law." 1 offer this amendment merely
for the purpose of affording me the opportunity of
expressing my opinion upon the amendment of the
Senate. You have had presented to you, at the
present session of Congress, a plan for the reor-
ganization of the judiciary of the United States.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman proposes, by his amendment, to
strike out the amount proposed by the Senate, and
to insert in lieu thereof the amount now prescribed
by law. I ask if a concurrence in the recommend-
ation of the committee, that is to non-concur in
the amendment of the Senate, does not produce
that very effect? Whether that question is not
involved in the question of concurrence or non-
concurrence, and if so, the amendment cannot be
in order.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
misunderstands my amendment. It is to amend
the amendment of the Senate by striking all of it
out, and inserting in lieu thereof the words " and
their salaries shall be the same as now prescribed
by law."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands the
amendment, and is of opinion that it is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. At the commencement of this
session of Congress you had presented to both
Houses of Congress a proposition for the reor-
ganization of the judiciary of the United States.
Complaints are made to you from every quarter,
of the insufficiency of the salaries of the judges of
the United States courts. The judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States come here, and
ask for an increase of their salaries. The com-
mittee of this House who were charged with the
investigation of this matter, have declared their in-
tention to report a bill providing for the reorgan-
ization of all the courts of the United States.
Plans were pending, at that time, for the central-
ization^ and consolidation of the Supreme Court
of the United States, in order not to require the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States
to perform circuit court duties, but to constitute
another set of judges to perform those duties.
Now, if it is the intention of Congress to consoli-
date the Supreme Court of the United States, and to
release them from the performance of circuit court
duties—and the reason upon which they ask to be
released from the performance of their circuit court
duties, is, that thj business of both the Supreme
Court and the circuit courts, have greatly increased
within the last few years—you release them from
the performance of that class of their duties which
causes them a great part of their expense, and
that is the necessity of traveling over distant por-
tions of the country in order to hold their circuit
courts.
I have another objection to the increase of these
salaries. I object to the enlargement of the sal-
aries in this manner. I object to a minority, or
at least to but a small majority of the committee
fastening upon the civil and diplomatic hill an
amendment providing for the increase of salaries,
a subject which legitimately and properly belongs
to another and a separate bill. If you are going
to reorganize the judiciary, in the bill for that
purpose you should fix the salaries of the judges,
and graduate the salaries of the different grades of
judges as you believe to be right and proper. Do
not let the salaries of the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States alone be here raised,
and thereby allow it to be said that partiality has
been shown to those judges. Many of the judges
of the district courts receive but a thousand dol-
lars a year, and others only fifteen hundred, who,
in the discharge of their duties, and oftentimes in
consequence of the absence of the judges of the
Supreme Court, who properly hold the circuit
courts, have to hold the circuit courts and per-
form the duties of the judges of those courts.
Now, then, you propose to make an invidious
distinction. You propose that the salaries of the
Supreme Court judges shall be increased, while
you do not propose to increase the salaries of
another equally meritorious class of citizens and
