2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
gentleman from Louisiana, and I hope the vote
will be taken on the amendment, as I desire to
offer another as soon as it is disposed of.
The question was taken on Mr. Hunt's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose the
following amendment to the amendment of the
Senate:
And the salary of the judge of the orphans' court in the
District of Columbia, shall be $2,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit a ques-
tion of order in respect to this amendment. It is on
a different subject entirely. It has no connection
with the Supreme Court; and it proposes to change
the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and rules the amendment of his col-
league out of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by reducing the increase §900
in each case.
I shall not detain the committee live minutes;
but I desire to call the attention of the committee
to this important fact: This civil and diplomatic
bill was originally intended to make appropria-
tions. It was not intended to be made the medium
for the increase of salaries.
Mr. HUNT. I ask if the gentleman is in order?
I object to his proceeding in this argument, as he
is not speaking to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has hardly proceeded far enough for the
Chair to determine whether he is in order or not.
But the Chair has been appealed to by three dif-
ferent gentlemen to enforce the rule, and the Chan-
will feel himself constrained to do so. The Chair,
therefore, hopes that the gentleman from Virginia
will confine himself strictly to the explanation of
his amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 shall do so. Now, it
occurs to me, that this amendment of the Senate
should not have been put into this bill. This is
an appropriation bill, and is not to be made a
national omnibus to carry through this House all
the amendments of a character similar to this.
Mr. HUNT. 1 respectfully repeat my ques-
tion of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman has made
hie speech; and the call to order comes with a bad
.grace from him. I hold that the salaries of the
judges of the Supreme Court are now amply suf-
ficient for them. When the President, who rules
over this great nation, is unable to find men com-
petent to discharge these duties, for the salaries
now provided, then, and then only, it will be time
for gentlemen to act upon thisdoctrine for an in-
crease of the salaries of the judges. Sir, when-
ever a vacancy happens in the office of a judge,
either in a State or a Territory, you find swarms
of applicants coming forward with recommenda-
tions of appointment for'that office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that the rule requires that he should
confine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. That was what I was
doing. I was attempting to show that it is not
necessary to increase the salaries of the judges;
and is it not a legitimate argument to that end, to
show that when there is a vactincy in the office of
one of these judges, you find swarms of persons
sons seeking the appointment to the vacancy?
I admit that these gentlemen live a life oflabor,
and that they are gentlemen of high legal qualifi-
cations and attainments. But have you ever
known a judge resign his office on account of the
inadequacy of his salary' Has the gentleman
from New Orleans [Mr. Hunt] ever known an
instance of that sort ?
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, (in his seat.)
I have known such cases.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, the gentleman is a
rare man.
But aside from that matter, I hold, Mr. Chair
man, that the committee ought not now to in-
crease these salaries. _ You have before the House
a general bill providing for the increase of the
judges' salaries generally. Now, this whole mat-
ter of salaries should be settled m connection with
that bill. Let this civil andidiplomatic bill have
as few amendments attached to it as possible.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend
went of the gentleman from Virginia, and I am
opposed to any other amendment which may be
offered to the Senate amendment. I want to get
to a vote immediately upon the question of con-
currence or non-concurrence. I appeal to the
committee to proceed at once to a vote. We have
much other and important business connected
with this bill, and I doubt not all of our minds
are made up upon this question.
The question was then taken upon Mr. McMul-
lin's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon concurrence
in the Senate amendment,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Knox and
Sollers were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 56, noes 80.
So the Senate amendment was non-concurred
in.
Eighty-eighth amendment:
For compensation of the district judge of the southern
district of California, commencing the 23d of January,
1854, $4,028 88.
Mr. PARKER. I have a proposition to amend
that amendment, which I think will meet with
universal approbation in this committee. It is in
reference to the regulation of the salaries of the
district judges of the United States. I send up
my amendment to the Clerk's desk, and ask to
have it read.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman does not
wish to have his amendment read, I will make a
point of order upon it now. The gentleman has
.stated what it is.
Mr. PARKER. I do wish to have it read. I
move to add at the end of the Senate amendment
the following:
And that Uie judges of the district courts of the United
States shall receive, as compensation for their services,
the following yearly salaries, to be paid quarterly from tile
Treasury ot the United States, to wit:
The judges of the disiricts of the States of Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Illiode Island, Connecticut, Dela-
ware, New Jersey, Iowa, and Wisconsin, ^2,000.
The judge of the northern district of Florida, ,$2,250.
Tile judges ot the western district of Virginia, North
Carolina, eastern, western, and middle districts oi" Ten
nossee, northern and southern districts of Mississippi,
western district of Pennsylvania, western district of Lou-
isiana, Texas, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Missouri, eastern
and western districts of Arkansas, Illinois, and Michigan,
$2,500.
Tlie judges of the districts of Georgia, South Carolina,
eastern district of Virginia, northern district of New York,
northern and southern districts of Alabama, $9,750.
The judges of the districts of Maryland, Massachusetts,
eastern district of Pennsylvania, southern district of Flor -
Ida, and southern district of California, {$3,000.
The judge of the eastern district of Louisiana, $3,500.
The judge of the southern district of New York, ,$3,750.
The judge of the northern district of California, $0,000.
Mr. HOUSTON I now raise a question of
order upon that amendment. It proposes to in-
crease the salaries of the district judges. The
amendment of the Senate, to which it is offered,
makes appropriation for the increase of the salaries
in pursuance of a law passed the present session
of Congress, and is, therefore, a proper and legit-
imate appropriation to be inserted in a general
appropriation bill. There is no law authorizing
the increase proposed in the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana. I submit, therefore,
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. PARKER. 1 desire to say a word upon
the question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not debatable. I ob-
ject.
Mr. PARKER. This is for the compensation
of district judges.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana cannot proceed with his reasons except oy
the unanimous consent of the committee. If the
gentleman takes an appeal from the decision of
! the Chair, he can state the grounds of his appeal.
| Mr. PARKER. I do appeal, and upon this
: ground. The amendment of the Senate is to pro-
■ vide for the compensation of a district judge. My
amendment is to provide for the compensation of
other district judges. The amendment is, there-
fore, germane upon its face.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman is arguing his amendment, and not
stating the grounds of his appeal. j
Mr. PARKER. I will observe, further, that the '
salaries of the judges of the courts in California !
are already fixed by law. I
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 must call the gentleman to I
order. He is arguing his amendment. The dif-
ference between the amendments is very clear.
Mr. PARKER. There ia no difference what-
ever between them.
Mr. KERR. I ask for tellers upon the appeal.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and on a division,
there were—ayes 56, noes 46; no quorum.
Mr. BELCHER. I demand tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers have been refused)
but they may be, by unanimous consent, now or-
dered.
There was no objection.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNair and
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported—
ayes 70, noes 56.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
Eighty-ninth amendment:
Stiike out " $12,300," and insert " $19,900," so that the
paragraph will read:
For salaries of the Attorney General, and the clerks and
messenger in his office, §19,900.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in tne amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninetieth amendment:
Insert at the end of the clause, " For salary of the re-
porter of the Decisions of the Supreme Court, $1,300," the
words "if onlyone voluuieofthe reports shall be published,
and in case the Supreme Court shall direct him to publish
two volumes, then the sum of $1,300 for each volume so
published so as to make it read:
For salary of the reporter of the Decisions of the Su-
preme Court, $1,300, ii only one volume of the reports shall
be published ; and in case the Supreme Court shall direct
him to publish two volumes, then the sum of .$-] ,300 for
each volume so published.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to strike out the
Senate amendment. I think that we are getting
reports enough from this Supreme Court, as well
as from other courts; and from the specimen we
have had of the reports of that court, I do not
think that we ought to offer a premium to increase
the number. I think that in the reports of the
Supreme Court of the United States already pub-
lished, there is a greater quantity of chaff for'the
same quantity of wheat than in any other reports.
We have reports of the argument, of all the pa-
pers and pleadings, making sometimes one case
constitute a volume. I hope that the committee
in this case will not offer a premium, at least so
far as the latter clause of this section is concerned.
The latter part of the clause proposes, that if the
Supreme Court shall direct him to publish two
volumes, then the sum of $1,300 shall be paid for
each volume so published. I move to strike out
the latter part of the clause. I have no objection
to the first part. I would much rather give him
$2,000, if he would publish but one volume, than
$3,000 if he published two. The less of these
reports we have in this extended form the better
for the country and the profession.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that the
committee, after the very high-wrought eulogy
pronounced upon this Supreme Court, will at
least trust them to say whether they will have one
or two volumes of these decisions printed.
Mr. PECKHAM. J ask for a division of the
question.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Peckham] proposes to strike out the
Senate amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, as I have no objection to allowing the vote
I to be taken on concurring or non-concurring with
j the Senate amendment.
| Mr. WALSH. I renew the amendment, and
j call for a division of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
t York proposes to strike out from the Senate
i amendment all after the word "published," or
the following words:
i And in case the Supreme Court shall direct him to pub-
lish two volumes, then the sum of $1,300 for each volume
so published.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. If the gentlemen
will just non-concur with the Senate amendment,
they will accomplish the object they have in view.
In the original bill passed by the House, the ap-
propriation for the salary of the reporter of the
decisions of the Supreme Court was fixed at
$1,300, upon the presumption thathe was to pub-
