1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Well, state what it
If objection is made to
there will be no objec-
Have I permission to
Mr. RICHARDSON.
it, of course 
Mr. PRATT. Goon;
tion.
Mr. RICHARDSON.
make a proposition ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has the floor, and has a right to make a motion.
Mr. FLAGLER. If permission is given to the
gentleman from Illinois, of course others must be
heard in reply to him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
already stated that debate is not in order, and that
he will enforce the rules.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will make a motion,
and the gentleman can reply to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not going to de-
bate. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KEITT demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays, but they were refused—only seven gentlemen
rising in the affirmative.
The question was then taken on Mr. Richard-
son's motion; and it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned till Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
Halt, of Rhi'reskntatives, May 13, 1854.
Tn your report or the proceeding, near the close of la«t
night'  3 mi represent me asohjruing to Mr. Hunt's
speaking after the nmuou to adjourn hud been made.
I understood Mr. Stei'Htns, of Georgia, as attempting
to speak, anil Mr. Hunt as making an appeal to the l!ou>e
to hear Mr. Stj:i hfns.
My objection was intended to operate against Mr. Ste-
fhknSj and not against Mr. Hunt proceeding in his te-
marks. I may not Imvo hoard correctly the remarks of Mr.
Hunt, and gtvo merely my own understanding ot thorn.
Very respectfully, J. It. UJDDINGri.
To the Reporter of the Globe.
IN SENATE.
Monday, AIau 15, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slickr.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of all papers and vouchers on rile
in his Department, in relation to the claim of
Daniel Nippes; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WADE presented a petition signed by elect-
ors of the township of-Lynn, Ohio, protesting
against the passage of the Nebraska bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of gi anting
to the officers, soldiers, and sailors who served m
the war of 1812 the same quantity of bounty land
as was granted to those who served in the Mexi-
can war, and to extend (he pension system estab-
lished for those who eerved in the revolutionary
war to the officers, soldiers, and sailors of the war
of 1812, and to their widows; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and ordeied
to be printed.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Bush and Shelby
counties, Indiana, piaying that Congress make no
appropriation for the payment of the Amist.ul
claims; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, in favor of an appropriation of $25,000
for the purpose of preventing the destruction of
Cape Cod harbor; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg leave to offer certain re-
solves passed by theLegislatureof the State of Mas-
sachusetts, concerning the Massachusett claim.
I believe these resolves should be referred to the
Committee on Finance. The claim has been recog-
nized by Congress heretofore; and the question of
its payment now, I believe, is before the Commit-
tee on Finance. I move that these resolves be
referred to that committee, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Esther
Coulter, praying compensation for the services
of her father, Alexander McKaskey,as a quarter-
master in ihe Revolutionary Army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of E. Mickle & Co., pray-
ing the return of duties on goods destroyed by fire
at San Fiancisco, in June, 1850, and May, 1851;
which was referred to the Committee on finance.
Mr. WALKER presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Philadelphia, m favor of the
passage of the homestead bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented thepetition of John
H. Hand, praying to be allowed a pension on
1 account of disease contracted in the service of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying the establishment of a post-
route from Lock's Station to Brighton and Mon-
goqumonq, Indiana; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS piesented a memorial of the
Mayor, Aldermen, and the City Council of Ga-
lena, Illinois, pruymg the establishment of a ma-
rine hospital at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, additional documents in support of the
claim of Harriet de la Palm Baker, for indemni-
fication for losses sustained by her father, Fred-
erick H. Weisenfels, in the revolutionary war;
which were referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented three memorials of
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of the Nebraska bill; which were
ordered to he on the table.
Mr.TOlJCEY presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Southington, Connecticut, praying a re-
duction in the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on For-
! eigti Relations, 10 whom was referred the meino-
| rial of Charles D. Arfwedson, praying compensa-
, tion for his services as charge d 'alfaues, ad interim,
S at Stockholm, submitted a report,accompanied by
' a bill for his relief; which was read,and passed to
a second reading. The repoit was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Atlairs, to whom were refeired documents
 n support of the claim of Kennedy Darling
to indemnity for property destroyed by the Semi-
nole Indians in Florida, 111 18-19, asked to be dis-
chaiged from their further consideration, and that
they be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
Murphy, praying compensation for losses sus-
tained at Vera Cruz, duung the Mexican war,
asked to be dischaiged fiom its further considera-
tion, and that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers; which was agreed
to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
1 On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
. QidercJ, That Hall J. Kell.v have leave to withdraw hn
j petition and papers.
NOTICE OF A BUA,.
Mr. BENJAMIN gave notice of his intention
: to ask lenve to introduce a bdl regulating the tone
of holding the sessions of the disinctand circuit
i courts of the United States in the State of Louisi-
1 ana.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
! Mr. HUNTER asked and obtained the unani-
1 mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
amend the act approved August 31, 1852, entitled
" An act making further provision for the satis-
faction of Virginia land warrants;'* which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
feired to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SL1DELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
authorize T. H. McManus to enter, by preemp-
tion, certain lands in the Greensburg land dis-
trict, Louisiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The PRESIDENT. There is on the table a
resolution reported from the Committee on Print-
ing to print thirty-seven thousand five hundred
additional copies of the agricultural part of the
Patent Office report.
Mr. STUART. I believe there is a motion to
reconsider the vote by which that resolution was
adopted, and I should like to have it acted on at
this time. I thought we were tolerably success-
ful in getting that resolution disposed of the other
day, and I should like to have it definitely settled.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed
that the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bkod-
iiead,] now absent, moved the reconsideration.
Mr. STUART. That is so; but I do not think
it constitutes any reason why the Senate should
not act upon it. He did not signify a desire to
say anything on the subject at all.
Mr. WELLER. I think the Senator from
Pennsylvania does propose to make some remarks
on this subject, and, as a matter of courtesy to
him, I think it ought to be laid over for a reason-
able time at least, to give that Senator an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
The PRESIDENT. That is a question for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. WELLER. I ask that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed.
Mr. STUART. As I remarked before, the
Senator from Pennsylvania did not signify any
j disposition to debate the resolution. I have very
! good reasons for believing that he does not intend
to debate it at all. Hence, unless the Senator
from California knows that he desires to discuss
it, 1 shall feel myself called upon to press its con-
sideration now, for the reason which I suggested
the other day.
The delay which has occurred in respect to
these documents is not only inconvenient to the
Senate, but it is very prejudicial to the interests of
the country, anil especially so to the Post Office
Department, because, if these documents are to
be distributed to members after they return home,
it makes an additional amount of transportation
necessary. I differ from what was said by some
gentleman the other day in respect to their im-
portance. 1 regard them as very important docu-
ments. I think they should be published at an
early day. A very considerable length of time
has elapsed since this document was presented to
the Senate, and this resolution was laid on the
table. It was a long time after that before it was
crtllpd up for action. It was finally adopted, and
then a motion to reconsider was made. If the
Senator from Pennsylvania, or any other Senator,
desires to discuss the question of printing, there
certainly should be ample time for its considera-
tion. I say, again, that if the Senator from Cali-
fornia, or any other Senator, knows definitely
that the Senator from Pennsylvania desires to
discuss the question, I shall consent to let the
matter lie over until his return. But my under-
standing is different. I hope, therefore, the Sen-
ate will dispose of the resolution now.
Mr BROWN. At what time will the Senator
I from Pennsylvania be present?
; Mi. STUART. I do not know.
Mr. BRIGHT. It would be hardly courteous
! to the Senator from Pennsylvania to act upon this
motion in his absence. We are all, in our action,
governed by some reason; and I take it for grant-
ed that the Senator from Pennsylvania had a rea-
son for making the motion. I should be glad to
' have the benefit of his reasons before I am called
j upon to act upon the resolution. It is unusual to
; press a subject of this kind in the absence of the
1 Senator making the motion.
I Mr. BROWN. Let it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I have no information to
! satisfy me that it is the intention of the Senator
1 from Pennsylvania to discuss the motion, although
i I had some conversation with him on the subject.
; There is some matter connected with it, I do not
: now precisely recollect what, which induced him
to make the motion; and I take it for granted that
, the same cause still operates upon his mind; and,
: as a matter of justice as well as courtesy, the eon-
j sideraticn of the motion ought to be postponed
