1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
until his return. The fair and legitimate deduc-
tion is, that he had a sufficient reason to justify
him in making; the motion, and, therefore, 1 desire
to give him the opportunity of being heard upon
the question before it is passed upon. I move,
therefore, its postponement until to-morrow.
Mr. STUART, I shall not undertake to pre-
vent that at all. I shall consent to its going over,
with the suggestion, however, that as soon as the
Senator from Pennsylvania is here, I shall ask the
Senate to consider the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT, [f there be no objection,
the consideration of the motion will be postponed
until to-morrow.
There was no objection.
PRINTING OF MAP.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee op Printing, to whom was referred some
days since, on the motion of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin,] iS A diagram of the Uni-
ted States of America, Mexico, West India
Islands, and the Isthmus of Dairen, showing
Mr. Gwin's route of the Pacific railroad and its
branches, in connection with the various systems
existing and unfinished ; of raihoads from the
Mississippi valley to the Atlantic and the Gulf
coasts, by W. T. Sieiger, of the General Land
Office," to submit a motion for its printing. It is
a map which has been made out in the General
Land Office, and, as I am informed officially, at
least by the Senator from California, some three
months labor have been expended upon it. It
shows the whole country between the two oceans,
the Atlantic and the Pacific; and it presents a much
better view of it than any map which we now have.
The Committee on Printing authorize me to move
that two thousand copies of it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CASTNER HANWAY.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, 1 am requested
to present a memorial, which is somewhat novel
in its character. - I, however, present it very will-
ingly. It is a memorial from Castner Hanway,
who was indicted in the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
at the November term of 1851, for treason, and
who was acquitted. He alleges that he was put
to a very large expense in procuring the witnesses
necessary for his vindication from the charge;
that he was a considerable time in prison by which
his health was seriously impaired so far that he
has never recovered it since, and that he has not
been able to pay his counsel, nor defray the other
expenses attendant upon his trial. Pie asks that
a law may be passed embracing his case, author-
izing the payment at least of the witness fees,
which amount to something over $3,000.
I will state, Mr. President, that heretofore, in
charges of that kind, at least in the trial which
exciteu much interest in this country, that of
Aaron Burr, an order was made by the court to
pay the witnesses from day to day; and it was
supposed to be a rule that the court had power to
order the payment of witnesses on the part of the
defense. Chief Justice Marshall, in the case to
wfnch 1 have referred, made such an order, and
it was complied with by the marshal; but the
judges who tried Hanway, decided that they had
no such power, and he was compelled to pay his
own witnesses. I shall be very glad if the Com-
•mittee on the Judiciary, to whom this may be
referred, will examine the question, and if they
think it in conformity with policy, justice, and
propriety, that they will report a bill which reaches
this case. There are accompanying the memorial
letters stating the high character which this gen-
tleman always bore, his peaceable demeanor, and
his worth a«? a citizen. I ask that the petition
and papers may be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
They were so referred.
■RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ABROAD.
The Senate proceeded to considerthe motion of
Mr. Cass, to refer to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, the report made at the last session of
Congress from that committee by Mr. Under-
wood, late a Senator from Kentucky, on the sub-
ject of the religious rights of American citizens
residing or traveling abroad.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate on this resolu-
tion at some length. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BADGER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan, in connection with the subject on
which he has spoken, whether he has seen a state-
ment in some Roman Catholicreligious newspaper,
called, I think, the "Shepherd of the Valley,"
published at St. Louis, under the direction and
authority of the Bishop of that Roman Catholic
diocese, to the effect, that so soon as the Roman
Catholics obtain the numerical supremacy in any
State, there will bean end therein of all religious
toleration. Has he seen any such statement?
Mr. CASS. I think I have seen that sentiment
through the papers, quoted, I believe, from that
very paper. I have not seen the paper itself, but
1 have seen the statement quoted.
Mr. BADGER. Assuming that to be so, I
wish to suggest to my friend from Michigan,
whether it would not be wise, in connection with
his proposition in regard to foreign Governments,
to consider the propriety of some measures at
home, in anticipation of such a result, not at all
unlikely, I fear, for securing religious liberty at
home.
Mr. CASS. I will merely observe, in respect
to, that, that I take it this Government has nothing
to do with religious liberty at home. That is a
question for the States.
Mr. BADGER. Then I wish to suggest, sup-
posing such an event to happen, if, in the interior
organization of this Government, there should be
a State or States of the Union prohibiting all reli-
gious toleration, what a position we should occupy
with foreign Governments in asking from them
what we have not the power to secure to their
citizens at home. *
• Mr. CASS. I trust the honorable Senator is
supposing an impossible case in this country.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope that the report, and
the resolutions upon which the honorable Senator
from Michigan has so ably addressed the Senate,
will now be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. If no other gentleman proposes to ad-
dress the Senate, I desire that the report may now
go to the committee, so that the committee may
act upon the subject. At some future period, 1
purpose to address the Senate upon it; and I would
do it now, but for the fact that I think it more re-
spectful to the committee, of which I am a mem-
ber, to consult them in relation to the principles
which are to be discussed, before I undertake to
speak upon them. I hope that the resolutions and
report will now be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nonius
in the chair). The question now before the Sen-
ate is upon the motion to refer the report and res-
olutions to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIGENT INSANE. •
Mr. CLAYTON, i move that the bill making
a grant of land to the several States of the Union
for the benefit of indigent insane persons, which
was the subject of the President's veto, be printed
for the use of the Senate. The bill as introduced
has been printed, but I find that the bill as it
passed the Senate and the House has never been
printed, and it is, therefore, with great difficulty
that we can ascertain what its precise provisions
are. I hope, by unanimous consent, an order
may be made for the printing of that bill.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. BADGER. I think after the discussion
we have heard this morning on a very important
and interesting subject, that at this petiod of the
day it would not be well to resume unexpectedly
the consideration of the Indian appropriation bill".
I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion. It is only two o'clock. We
can go on, and dispose of some of the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
think we can do that.
Mr. BADGER. The very first amendment is
one which will occupy us during the rest of the
day.
Mr. IIUNTER. The Senator will find that he
is mistaken. That will probably be laid aside,
and some others taken up.
Mr. Badger's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate adjourned.
house of representatives-
Monday, May 15, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. ' Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved*
The SPEAKER. The question pending,be-
fore the House is the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] to lay upon
the table the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] to close debdte
upon the Nebraska and Kansas bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to withdraw
the demand for the previous question on the reso-
lution to close debate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor for a moment to allow me to
make a statement of a personal character?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield the floor to th^
gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Indiana will be permitted to make
his statement.
Mr. LANE. I desire merely to state, that in
looking over the yeas and nays 
Mr. HAVEN. I have not the least objection
to the gentleman from Indiana proceeding with
his explanation; but I insist that it shall be made
where we can all hear it.
Mr. LANE. The explanation which I desire
to make is merely in reference to a vote. In look-
ing over the yeas and nays, I notice that upon the
motion made by my friend and colleague [Mr.
Mace] to lay the resolution offered by the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories [Mr. Rich-
ardson] upon the table, my name does not appear.
1 merely desire to state that if I had been present,
I would have voted against the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to withdraw
the demand for the previous question, submitted
by me some days since, to terminate debate upon
the Nebraska and Kansas bill, and to modify that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
withdraws his demand for the previous question,
and proposes to modify his resolution as follows:
Resolved, That debate on House bill No. 236, to organ-
ize the Teiritories of Nebraska and Kansas, bhall terminate
at twelve o'clock, on Friday, the J 9th instant. #
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
the resolution upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. GID DINGS, Is it in order to move a sus*
pension of the lules at this time?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to move a suspen-
sion of the rules, in order to allow me to introduce
a bill, which I offer upon my own responsibility,
At an early period of the session, I gave notice
that I would, on a subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill for the repeal of so much of the
United States laws as authorized the existing
coast-wise slave trade. I now move a suspension
of the rules that I may introduce the bill which i
have drawn up in pursuance thereof.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. 1 object.
Mr. OLDS. The motion of the gentleman from
Ohio will not take precedence of the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois, to close debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
offers a lesolution to close debate on the Nebraska
and Kansas bill on Friday next. The gentleman
from Ohio moves to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of enabling him to introduce a bill. The
Chair is inclined to the opinion that this day, being;
set apart for the purpose of suspending the rules,
and upon which motions may be submitted fox-
that purpose; and inasmuch as the suspension of
rules will embrace those rules authorizing the sus-
pension to go into committee, and to close debate,
and all that, it is in order to submit a motion to
suspend the ryles generally. That is the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, when a privileged
question is pending, will it be in order to make a
motion to suspend the rules? I know that there is a
privileged question now pending, but it is the priv-
ileged question to close aebate, and the motion to
