1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
suspend the rules, I think, is not a privileged
question now in order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me, I will explain. The mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] is a privileged question involving
only a majority vote. The proposition to sus-
pend the rules made by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gii>dings] embraces all the rules of the body
that stand in the way of the object he has in view,
atitl the Chair is still of opinion that that ques-
tion is first in order.
Mr. ORR. And yet, Mr. Speaker, carrying
out the view of the Chair, it would require a two-
third vote to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. It would require a two-third
vote.
Mr. ORR. But would it not be in order for
me, pending the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, to move that the House adjourn; and would
not that be such a motion as that a majority vote
could be disposed of, and as would take prece-
dence of the othei ?
The SPEAKER. That is true in this particular
case.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, Mr. Speaker,! do not
perceive the difference between them 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) If the House
had ordered the main question to be put, the
Chair would not entertain the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, to suspend the rules until the
House had disposed of the order to put the mam
question. But in this instance there has been no
such order. It is only a demand for the previous
question.
Mr. ORR. What is the rule of the House, Mr.
Speaker, allowing a resolution to be offered to
close debate? I ask that it may be read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
in question.
Portion of the 136th rule was then read, as fol-
lows:
" The House may at any time, by a vote of a majority of
the members present, suspend the rule* and orders for the
purpose of going into the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union; and also for providing lor the
discharge of the Committee of the Whole Iloiw, and the
Committee of tile Whole House on thestate ot the Union,
from the further consideration of any hill referred to it after
acting, without debate, on all amendments pending, and
that may be offered."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would submit to
the Chair, that by the rule which has been just
read, and which 1 think is the 136th rule, it is pro-
vided that a majority may, at any time, suspend
the rules to go into u Committee of the Whole
House. The same rule provides that the House
may adopt a resolution closing debate before the
question is taken on that motion. Another rule
provides that a motion to suspend all rules shall
only be in order on Monday. Now, Mr. Speaker,
the difference of the motions mentioned is, that the
one requiring a two-third vote can only be made
on Monday; and the other, requiring a majority
o-nly, can be made on any day. Each, as I
take it, is equally privileged; and the one for
suspending the rules to go into committee—and,
consequently, to close debate before that ques-
tion is taken—is of as high an order of privilege
as the one to suspend the rules generally on
Monday. And I would submit this question to
the Chair: If a motion were in order made to-day
to suspend the rules, so as that the House might
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House, would that motion be superseded by one
to suspend the rules for a specific purpose, such
as that which the gentleman from Ohio has indi-
cated? I think, Mr. Speaker, the practice has
been so. We have frequently gotten clear of these
propositions for suspending the rulesgenerally by
the proposition to suspend, in order that the
House might resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
It seems to me, that whichever of these mo-
tions may be first made, should first be put. I
also think, that this resolution to terminate debate
is, by the rule which provides for it, of equal and
of as high a grade of privilege as, either one to
suspend the rules generally, or one to suspend (he
rules that the House may resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask leave of the House
to offer $ resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
Mr. KERR. Let us hear it read.
[Cries of "Hear!" "Hear!" and "No!"
"No!"
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON, and others. I object.
Mr. ORR. I am willing to hear the resolution
read for information.
The SPEAKER. But it is objected to.
[Cries of "Hear!" and "Let it be read for
information!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by sev-
eral members upon the right of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, was here rec-
ognized by the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to know if there is any privileged
proposition before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be pleased
to hear the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] if the House will indulge him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Unless it is in order to
debate this proposition, I object.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, in the
opinion of the Chair, to debate the proposition.
Mr. BANKS. Cannot the Chair hear a sug-
gestion from a member, at the option of the
Chair ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of the
Chair to allow debate upon a proposition of this
sort. We haveanumberof privileged questions—
a number of them: A motion to adjourn; to ad-
journ overuntil a particular day; to lay upon the
table; to suspend the rules to go into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar; to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, &c.
We have also a rule which declares that it shall
not be in order to move to suspend the rules gen-
erally, except upon Mondays. Fridays and Sat-
urdays are setapartfor the consideration of private
bills. That rule gives to private matter a pref-
erence. The Chair is still of opinion that ihe
proposition made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] which is neither more or less
than to set aside all the rules standing in the way
of the object proposed to be attained, is of a more
highly privileged character on Monday than any
other proposition to suspend the rules for any
other purpose, such as to go into the Committee
of the Whole, for instance. That can be done at
any time. This is the language of the rule, and
it would be in order on Monday to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but the Chair decides that a motion to suspend
the rules generally, takes precedence of all other
motions whatever to suspend the rules.
The Chair has never known the question to be
raised here before. The reason of it is this: The
House has usually submitted to the proposition
to go into the Committee of the Whole on Mon-
days, as on other days. But the Chair, in being
called upon to decide which of these several mo-
tions shall take precedence, is bound to say that
the one made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] does take precedenee.-
Mr. H1LLYER. Believing that the decision
of the Chair will distract the legislation of the
House to-day, I respectfully appeal from the
decision.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the appeal upon
( the table.
Mr. HARRIS was here recognized by the
! Chair.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question privi-
| leged above all others. I rise to withdraw the
j motion. 1 do it because the friends and the foes
j of the bill think it will interfere with the fight
which is going on, and I am not disposed to em-
. barrass either side with my motion.
! Mr. DEAN. You want a free fight.
j The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
: laying the appeal upon the table.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that there be a call
! of the House; and upon that I demand the yeas
' and nays.
! Mr. DICKINSON. I call, for the reading of
the resolution which I sent to the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the res-
olution will be read.
[Cries of "I object !*' " I object!"]
Mr. DICKINSON. Then I move to suspend
the rules, for the purpose of enabling me to in-
troduce it.
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity for
suspending the rules; the gentleman has the right
to make a motion to have the resolution read.
Mr. DICKINSON. I make that motion.
The question was put; but before the result was
announced,
Mr. HAVEN demanded the yeas and nays.
[Cries on all sides of the Hall of " Let it be
read!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to an-
nounce that the vote upon ordering the resolu-
tion to be read was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I withdraw my call for
the yeas and nays.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the several bilN upon the Calendar of
business in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, be restored to the position they respectively occu-
pied before Monday, the 8th instant.
Several Members. Oh no! that will never do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was totally mis-
taken in his understanding of the paper the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts asked to have read.
The gentleman had no right to have it read. He
had no right to make the motion that it be read.
The Chair understood him to call for the reading
of the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. WALSH. That is the reason why I ob-
jected. I should not have objected to the reading
of the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to offer the resolution which has
just been read.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. ORR Is there not a motion pending for
a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER Such a motion is pending.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to move to suspend
the rules pending a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
about it. It is in order.
Mr. ORR. Why, sir, it might be necessary to
have a call in order to have a quorum to vote upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The question must first be
taken upon the motion for a call of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to know the precise
condition of the motions before the House. I
understand that there is a motion to suspend the
rules for the introduction of the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and another mo-
tion pending that there be a call of the House-
Am 1 correct?
, The SPEAKER. Those motions are before
the House.
Mr. HAVEN. Then, if the motion that there
be a call of the House should fail, the question
would recur upon the motion to suspend the rules,
would it not ?
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
The question was then taken upon the motion
for a call of the House; and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 61, nays 141; as follows;
YEA?—Messrs. Hall, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Camp*
bell. Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Thomas
Davis., Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, jfidgerton, Ed-
mand", Thomas D. Eliot, Everhari, Farley, Kenton, Flag-
ler, Giddmgs>, Goodrich, Grow, Haven, Howe, Huyhes,
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Lyon, McCulloch, Mace,
Mntteson, Maurice, Middleswarth, Morgan. Murray, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Penniueton, Prinze,
David Undue, Russell, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Andrew
Stuart, John J.. Taylor, Nathaniel G. TavJor, Tracy, Up-
ham, Walloy.EllihuB. VVashburne,Israel Wa-hburri, John
Wentworth, Tapoan Wentworth, and Yates—61.
NAY?5—Messrs. Ahereiombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,.
Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bocock, Boyee, Breck-
inridge, Bridges, Brooks, Carmhers, Caskie. Chamberlain,
Chnsman, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman. Cobb, Colquitt,
Cox. Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmnndson, Ellison,
English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Andrew J.
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Ha«tmgs?
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Hoiu-ion, fnger^oH,
Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jone-?, Roland Jones,
Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane La-
tham, Leichf-r, Lnidiey Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall,
McNair. Maxwell, May, Mayall, Meacham, John G. Mil-
ler, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Olds, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Orr, Packer, Bishop Peikms, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratr, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Eitehey, Robbing, Rogers,
Rovve, Ruffin, Sabin, Seward, Seymour, Shaunon, Shaw,
Shower, Singleton, Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Fred-
