1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
The report was then read.
]NTo objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order for consideration was
Senate bill (No. 184) "for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth C. Smith, of Missouri."
The bill provides that the proper accounting of-
ficers of the Treasury be authorized and directed
to pay to Mrs. Elizabeth C. Smith, of Missouri,
for her services as a private in Captain Hoieshi-
der's company D, of Colonel Gilpin's regiment of
Missouri infantry volunteers, from September 16,
1847, to May 14,1848, in which she served during
that time in male attire, and under the assumed
name of " Bill Newcom," as well as three months'
extra pay provided for by the fifth section of the
act approved July 19, 1848, in the same manner
as if she had been properly mustered and regu-
larly discharged.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The btll next in order for consideration was
Senate bill (No. 264) "for the relief of Samuel
K. Rayburn."
The bill provides that the sum of $105 should
be paid Samuel K. Rayburn, in full compensation
for the loss of a horse and equipage m the war
with Mexico.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 believe that in this case there
is no written report. The facts in the case are
very plain, and well attested. Rayburn was a
volunteer m the private mounted volunteers of
Alabama, from which, in the neighborhood of
Vera Cruz, he became necessarily separated a
short time from the balance of the company, and
in that condition was set upon byaranchero, and
while pursued by him, he had the misfortune to
ride into a cistern, partially filled with water, and
by that means his horse was killed, never being
taken from the cistern. Rayburn himself remained
in a very critical condition for some hours, until
he was extricated from the cistern. As he lost
not only his horse but all his equipage, heapphed
to the Department for payment for the loss thereof,
but as the lasv provides indemnification for horses
only when lost in battle, the officers at the head
of the Department thought that they could not
allow payment for this one, inasmuch as this one
was not technically lost in battle. The committee
were unanimously of the opinion that the amount
named m the bill should be paid to Rayburn for
the loss of his horse.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
House bill (No. 205) "for the relief of W. D.
Porter, of the United States Navy."
The bill and report having been read, Mr.
WALSH objected, and the bill was laid over.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
House bill (No. 266) " for the relief of Captain
E. A. F. Lavallette, of the United States Navy."
The bill, which was read through by the Clerk,
provides for payment of the sum of $346 67 to
Elias A. F. Lavallette, a captain of the United
States Navy, the said sum being the amount paid
by the said Captain Lavallette to Lawrence Car-
dona, who acted as interpreter to the forces under
Captain Lavallette, while he was discharging the
duties of civil and military Governor of Mart-
ian, in Mexico, from October, 1847 to June, 1848.
Mr. LANE. There is no need of reading the
report; the bill explains itself.
Mr. CHANDLER. lean assure the House
that the bill is a just and proper one.
There was no objection, and the bill was accord-
ingly laid aside, to be reported to the House.
The next bill that came up in order was House
bill (No. 267) "for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Captain William Davis, late com-
mander of the United States transport schooner
Eufala."
The bill, which was read through by the Clerk,
provides that there be paid to the legal represent-
atives of Captain William Davis, late commander
of the United States schooner Eufala, $360 in full
compensation of all claims against the United
States, for and on account of the wages or services
of said William Davis, as commander of said
transport.
Mr. BISSELL. There is no written report in
this case, but the facts are these: Mr. Davis was
employed in transporting supplies to our Army
during the war with Mexico. In the fall of 1848,
while at New Orleans, he was ordered to proceed
to Philadelphia by sea with his schooner. It was
at a time when, for several successive days, the
most violent gales swept over the Gulf. He started
from New Orleans but never reached Philadelphia,
nor did his schooner, nor any of those who were
with him. The Quartermaster General has ad-
justed his accounts up to the time when he left
New Orleans, but he says he had no power to pay
for anything beyond that, though he recommends
that Congress should doit. The committee thought
it right to allow pay to his representatives up to
the time when he would naturally, under the ordi-
nary state of things, have reached Philadelphia,
and that is what we have done.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
Senate bill (No. 155) "granting five years' half
pay to the widow of Captain John W. Gunnison."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mrs. Gunnison, widow of Cap-
tain John W. Gunnison, deceased, upon the list
of pensions, and pay to her, for the term of five
years, from the 1st of January, 1854, half the
pay to which her husband was entitled at the time
of his death.
The CHAIRMAN. The report will be read.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Oh, we are all con-
versant with the case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is hardly necessary to
read the report.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out ' * five years," and inserting "ten
years" in lieu thereof, so as to place Mrs. Gun-
nison on the same footing as the widows of other
officers.
Mr. COBB. I must object to the amendment,
although otherwise I have no objection to the bill.
Mr. LANE. Do I understand the gentleman
to object to the amendment?
Mr. COBB. I do.
Mr. LANE. Why it merelyproposes to place
Mrs. Gunnison on the same footing1 as the wid-
ows of officers killed in the service. Her husband
was clearly in service at the time of his death.
Mr. COBB. I do not object to the bill, but only
to the amendment.
Mr. LANE. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
There being no objection to the bill, it was then
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was Sen-
ate bill (No. 117) "for the relief of Moses Olm-
stead."
The Clerk read the bill, which directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of Moses
Olmstead on the list of invalid pensioners, and
pay him during his life a pension of eight dollars
a month, commencing January, 1853.
Mr. WALSH objected to the bill, awd it was
laid over.
The next hill in order upon the Calendar was
Senate bill (No. 100) "for the relief of Mary C.
Hamilton."
The bill was read through. It provides that
Mrs. Hamilton shall receive such pension, com-
mencing from the day of the death of her husband,
as she would have been entitled to had he died of
wounds received in battle.
The report on the case was read.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House.
The next hill which came up for consideration
was House bill (No. 268) to provide a pension
for James K. Welch.
The hill, which was read, provides that the
name of James K. Welch be placed upon the
pension roll at eight dollars a month, from the
first day of January, 1854, to continue during his
natural life.
The report was then read, from which it ap-
pears that the petitioner enlisted in the service of
the United States in February, 1846, as a private
m company K, of the sixth regiment of infantry,
of the regular Army; that while at Vera Cruz,
about 8th June, in 1846, exposed to drilling and
much fatigue in the heat of the sun, petitioner
became sun-struck, and was put under charge of
the surgeon. He becoming worse, was put in the
hospital at Vera Cruz, and remained thereabout
two months j that his right eye went out the sec-
ond day, and the left in nine days; and that he
has ever since been totally blind.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the individual in this case applied to the Pen4-
sion Office. It seems to me that this is a case
which comes clearly within the general law, and
that the petitioner, upon application at the proper
Department, could have received a pension.
Mr. DENT. The papers accompanying the
petition show that he never did make application
for a pension.
Mr. JONES. The general law provides for all
cases where the disability was incurred in the ser-
vice of the United States.
Mr. DENT. I do not suppose that the peti-
tioner ever applied at the Pension Office. As the
facts were reported to us, the committee came to
the conclusion that the case was a very meritori-
ous one.
Mr. JONES. I would like to know why the
petitioner did not apply to the proper Department.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
The bill next in order upon the Calendar for
consideration was House bill (No. 269) " to create
and provide a pension for David Towle."
The bill provides that the petitioner be placed
upon the pension rolls at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the 5th of April, 1848.
The report accompanying the bill shows that
the petitioner, on the 14th of April, 1813, enlisted
for one year as corpora! in the thirty-third regi-
ment of the United States infantry, commanded
by Colonel Isaac Lane; that the regiment to which
he belonged marched to Boston, and from that
place were afterwards ordered to march to Con-
cord, in August, during excessively hot weather,
and that from the exhaustion consequent upon the
march at that time, he suffered so much as to dis-
qualify him from performing labor of any kind.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
The bill next in order upon the Calendar was
House bill (No. 270) " to provide a pension for
Captain Thomas Porter."
The bill provides that the name of the petitioner
be placed upon the pension rolls of invalid pen-
sioners, at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
from March, 1831, taking from such amount the
sum or sums as have heretofore been paid to him
by way of pension.
The report was read by the Clerk.
It seems that Thomas Porter entered the service,
in Captain James A. McClelland's troop of vol-
unteer light dragoons, in the month of October,
1812; continued in said service for one year; was
severely wounded at the battle of Missinoway on
the 19th December, 1812. His horse was killed
in said battle. Partially recovering from said
wound, he joined his troop in the following spring,
and marched to Fort Meigs; was in ihe first siege
of said fort; at which place he was slightly wounded
by a cannon ball, the same killing a second horse
for him while in the attitude of mounting. He
continued in the service till the close of the cam-
paign, partaking in all the engagements of his
squadron, and terminating with the battle of the
Thames; after which he was discharged. Shortly
after leaving the volunteer service he received,
without solicitation on his part, the appointment
of ensign m the 16th regiment United States in-
fantry; and soon thereafter, without solicitation,
the additional appointment from President Monroe
of assistant deputy quartermaster general, with
orders to repair to Carlisle, in the State of Penn-
sylvania. He accepted the appointment; and
promptly repaired to the post assigned him, and
there continued in the full discharge of his duties
until peace was made. In the winter of 1814 and
1815 he felt serious inconvenience from the wounds
he had previously received, and was confined to
his bed for some weeks in consequence thereof.
From the month of October, 1819, m consequence
of said wounds, he has been confined to his bed,
his crutches, and his stnjff. His sufferings have
been great, beyond the power of language to ex-
press. The greater part of the thigh bone below
where the ball passed has been extracted,and has
left great inflammation, and a constant running
sore. The Army surgeons certify to the disabil-
ity, and believe that it was brought on by sever?
