1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
tee of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence in that amendment, with the following
amendment:
Provided, That sii(3 ^uni shall complete said building;
and aKo the sum of .^5,000, or so much Thereof as may be
iiece^scuy, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to en-
able the SprrHaiy of the Interior to make a contract with
the proper authorities for furnishing a suitable buildmg tor
the permanent use and accommodation of the United Slates
district court in holding its sessions at Marietta, Georgia,
which contract the said Secretary is hereby authorized to
make : Provided, It can be made for the sum aforesaid, or
less : Jlnd jnovided, That j aid contract shall be madR with
suthcif'iit auarantpesto securp to said courta suitable build-
ing for holding  aid com t, so long -is it-* sessions maybe
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred m—ayes forty-eight, noes not
counted.
One hundred and ninth amendment:
Strike out the words : u Provided, That before the said
purchase is completed, the State of Now York shall cede
to the United Slale& jurisdiction over s-aid land.and prop-
erty, and shall by law exonerate the same and the properly
of the diluted States thereon from all taxes, levies, and
assessments ihcieon, whilst the same remains the property
of the United states, §530,000 : Provided, however, That
no part of this appropriation is to be used until the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has enteied into a negotiation with
the lessors of the lot m question to got. rid of said lease,
and also has ascertained upon what terms said lease can be
O ' -> , _Y J . UIIVl UlCV PIUO 1 till in u ITllUV It llliu .'UIM «v
hold at that place, without further charge on the United ( disposed of, and has reported the refill of said negotiation
State:
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
One hundred and sixth amendment:
For the election of a building for a boarding station at
Pass a l'Outie, Loui*iaiM, $;i,.r>00 : Provided, That no part
of saul sum shall be expended until the title to the land
selected as the Mtu of haul building be first secured to the
United Slates.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concuneuce in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and seventh amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Tiea^ury to purchase,
for the use of the United State*
thereon, constituting the board in 2,
pass of the M.ssiss ppi rivei, £3,500: Provided, That no
part ol said sum shall be e\|>«mlt*d until tlie title t<> said
land bp seemed to the United States, and the eonsentof the
Legislature of the State of l-ouisiana obtained to the re-
lease of said land fiom taxation or assessment of any kind.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence m the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and eighth amendment:
For the construction ot an appraiser's store on a portion
of the square selected for the custom house at San Francis-
co, California, including the expense of piling foi the foun-
dation thereof, by contract or otherwise, as the Secretary of
the Treasury may deem best :$1U{),0<H): Provided, That the
same restrictions regarding the completion of said work
with the sum hereby appropuated, as are contained m this
act concerning the erection and completion of custom-
houses and marine hospitals, shall be applicable thereto.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER They have a custom-house
there, and I should like to have some explanation
of this amendment.
Mr. WALSH. There is nosuch thingknown
in New York city as an appraiser's budding. The
room occupied by the appraisers there is not as
large as the clerk's room here. I should like to
have some explanation of the amendment from
the committee ?
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, thegentleman
from Virginia speaks of this amendment 111 con-
nection with the custom-house. We have just
to the next session of Congress," and insert 111 iieu thereof
the following :
Five hundred and thirty thousand dollars, with interest
thereon at the rate of six per cent, per annum, from the
15th day of September, until said puielm.-es shall be
completed: Provided, That the same be so completed
within one year from the day such interest is hereby au-
thorized to be paid.
And the Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, is
hereby further authorized to purchase, foi ihe ine of the
United Stales, Mich property adjoining thereto, situated on
Pme street, on which the United Sutes now hold a mort-
gage. as may be sold to satisfy the same, at a puce not ex-
ceeding Ihe amount of said hen.
So that, as amended, it would lead:
For the purchase of the lots or paieels of land, with the
appurtenances and the buildings thereon, belonging the one
theieof to the llank of Comrrtet re, and the other thereof to
the Hank of ihe State ol New York, and particulaily re-
feired to and de^enbed 111 two conttaets: one with each of
the land and buildings ;j f.aid banks, for the leading and right to purchase the sain
station at the southwest ;; bearing date the 19th ot August, 1853, $v>3ii,0U0s with 1
terest thereon at Ihe rate ot six per cent, per annum
from Ihe 15ih day ol September, until said pmehases
shall he completed : Provided, That the same, be so com-
pleted withm one year tiom the day such interest is hereby
authonzed to be paid.
And the Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, is
hereby further authorized to purchase, lor the use of the
United States, such property adjoining thereto, situated on
Fine .street, on which the United States now hold* a moit-
gage, a« may be sold to satisfy the same, at a piice not ex-
ceeding the amount of said hen.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 am surprised to
hear my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] ex-
press a willingness to concur in this amendment
The bill was bad enough as it passed this House.
There was a piovision inserted in it upon my mo-
tion to meet the argument that was then made
that, at the amount of rent asked, it was cheaper
to buy the building than to continue to pay the
rent. A provision was inserted by this House to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to nego-
tiate and get clear of that lease. The Senate have
so amended the bill as not only to strike out this
provision of the House to get clear of this enor-
mous contract, but they have added to it by au-
thorizing the purchase of sull more land there. I
hope that the committee will disagree to the Sen-
ate amendment.
I believe in the first instance that the rent was
an improvident one, and that the agreement to
purchase predicated upon that first error was an
improvident one, and as bad as the bill was when
before the House. I think the Senate amendment
disagreed to vote $160,000 for a custom-house at  : 
San Francisco. This is for an appraiser's building.^inakes it still worse. 1 hope that the committee
We are now paying a very large rent, at least a . will disagree to the amendment of the Senate.
quarter of this amount, for the use of a building
for these appraisers. The Committee of Ways
and Means, after some hesitation, agreed to rec-
ommend a concurrence in the amendment. I can
give no other explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As much as the
gentleman from Virginia may be surprised to hear
me express a willingness to concur in this amend-
ment, he could not be more surprised than I am
to find that he opposes the purchase of this prop-
Mr. WALSH. What is the object of having .] erty, under all the circumstances. If it is his ob-
an appraiser's building > As I have already said, 1! ject to get clear of this lease upon the best terms
11 for the Government, then, in my opinion, the gen-
tleman can accomplish his object by purchasing
the property according to the proposition made.
He can do it better in that way than he can by
selling that lease. It has been shown here, over
and over again, that if that lease is to go on for
fifteen years, you will have paid more money than
the purchase money would amount to by some
$295,000. And then, you wiil have to give up
i the property; whereas, if you pay this $530,000
Mr. Chaiiman, the appraisers in New York city
do the whole of their business in a room smaller
than that occupied by the clerks of this House.
There is no such thing known in any city of the
country as an appraiser's building.
Mr. HAVEN. It is a place where goods are
stored to some extent, and where the appraisers
inspect them for the purpose of ascertaining
whether they are liable to one or other kind of
custom.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say that, by erecting ! now, you will have the use of the property for the
... .11 11 1 1. ! 1 C C   1. if 1 ci I at, o aH ovl/i fr%i' iirhlcll
this building, we shall save the heavy rent which
we are now forced to pay. In afewyears the rent
would amount to the present, appropriation. We
own the ground on which it is proposed to erect
this building.
The question then being upon concurring in the
Senate amendment,
Mr. LATHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
fifteen years for which it is leased, and for which
you have agreed to pay $705,000; and then, at the
end of that term, you will own tlie propel ty, and
can seli it, or dispose of it to the best advantage.
Then, if you wish to get rid of the lease, the best
and most economical way, 1 think, is, as the fig-
ures demonstrate, to purchase the property under
the proposal which you have m this contract.
The gentleman from Virginia says he is sur-
prised, again, that we are not only willing to pur-
chase this property, but that we also wish to buy
still another piece. Well, sir, iii reply to that, I
will say that 1 suppose the gentleman has heard
of the name of Jesse Hoyt, of New York. He
became insolvent, being liable to the Government
for a large amount*, and a mortgage was made by
him on this other small piece of property, which
is not worth so much as the other; and we are de-
sirous that, when the property comes to be sold
under that mortgage, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may buy it at a price not exceeding the debt
for which this mortgage was given.
A Member. How much is it for?
Mr. JONES. It is somewhere about §60,000
or $64,000, with a prior hen upon it of $10,000.
And if it is sold now under the mortgage, without
authority being vested in the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to buy it, it may be bought up for the §10,000,
the amount of the prior lien, and the Government
would not get one cent upon the debt which is now
a lien upon that piece of property.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will allow me a moment of his time, I de-
sire to say to the committee in brief, that the
House is entirely familiar with the meiits of the
proposition made by the Senate to strike out.
The matter was discussed before, when the ap-
propriation of $530,000 was inserted, and that
supersedes the necessity of the amendment which
we have objected to number seventy-four, and of
amendment one hundred and forty-two, which the
Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended to be stricken out.
Then as to the other clause. I believe the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has sufficiently explained
why we chose to purchase the other piece of
land. It has no necessary connection with the
Mint in any way or shape. There is a mortgage
of $10,000 upon it, which is held by some person
whom we do not know; and then theUnited States
has got a second mortgage on it for the amount of
Jesse Hoyt's defalcations under General Jackson.
The property is worth §40,000; but it may be
bought up at §10,000, unless the Secretary of the
Treasury get authority to bid for it to the amount
of the mortgage we have on it. It will then be
our property, and we can sell it or use it in what-
ever way we may choose.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Do I understand
the gentleman from New York as saying that the
defalcations of Jesse Hoyt took place under the
administration of General Jackson ?
Mr. HAVliN. Yes.
Mr. STUART. Not at all. It was under Mr.
Van Buren.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, the House can deter-
mine about that. I understand that this is the
last of Jesse Hoyt's securities, except another
small mortgage. He is entirely insolvent; and it
is a matter of doubt whether we could get five dol-
lars out of him. We can get nothing except out of
this piece of property. It seems to me that this
is a full, though brief explanation.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
strike out the Senate amendment, and to insert
the House proposition '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is the prop-
osition pending.
The CH A IRMAN. The gentleman would be
in order m moving to strike out the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then 1 move to strike it
out. 1 was not surprised at the remark made by
| the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jonks,] that
1 the Committee of Ways and Means recommended
! a concurrence in this proposition, but I am sur-
| prised that it has indeed ever been brought again
1 into this House after the verdicts which have been
I given against it three or four times by this House*
! Itwill berecollected by the committee that when the
i first proposition for the establishment of an assay
1 office in the city of New York was made, and
when an appropriation was made for that pur-
pose, it was said that it would cover the whole
expense. That appropriation was $100,000. I
do not believe the House of Representatives are
now going to follow the example of Jesse Hoyt
in its action upon this appropriation It would
not surprise me if every particle of property in
i Wall street should, be proposed to be bought, be-
i fore long, for the use of this assay office; for it
I was said, and prophetically too, when this prop-
I osition was first submitted, that it looked to th®
