2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1.
establishment of a Mint of the United States, and
not merely for the establishment of an assay of-
fice.
Now, let us look to the property, and let us
look to the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Roebins.] I am
told—I do not know, for I have not visited the
premises—but I am told that the assay establish-
ment in New York is located' in a very narrow
street, standing back from the main street, in a
narrow alley leading from the custom-house—1
state facts as I have heard them—at a place where
it is hardly protected from fire-, and if the estab-
lishments around it should take fire, the whole
would be reduced to a mass of ruins. Now, the
proposition of my colleague proposes to direct—
and very properly too—that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall take early means to make a dispo-
sition of the property. If it is so valuable, let it
be sold. When the original proposition was
brought in here, it was said that the city of New
York would provide a place for the building of
the assay office, or a branch Mint, as it was then
said. Well, now, if they are desirous of keep-
ing this assay office among them, why do they not
keep their pledge, and present a lot of land to the
United States'
The proposition now pending directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the property, and
to make an arrangement with the lessees, and re-
port the result to the House at the next session
of Congress. I submit it to the House, and this
committee, in all fairness and equity, whether we
will submit to the attempt to dragoon this House
into making this enormous and extravagant ap-
propriation ? In the first place, if it is in order, I
would desire 
Mr. PECKHAM, (interrupting.) I merely
desire to ask the gentleman what extravagant ap-
propriation he refers to ?
Mr. FLORENCE. The extravagant appro-
priation of $580,000.
Mr. WALKER, (interrupting.) I wish to ad-
vert to one remark made by the gentleman; and
that is in referenne to the liability of this building
to take fire. Now, the building is most emphati-
cally fire-proof in all its parts. It is as thoroughly
constructed as any building in the United States,
and as fire-proof as stone, brick, and iron can
make it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not care how tho-
roughly fire-proof it is, it is impossible, in case of
fire, to get access to this building; and further-
more, in case of the burning of the surrounding
buildings, the walls would tumble down upon it,
and crush it into one mass of ruins.
I do not desire to occupy the time of the com-
mittee at this late hour of the session, and I trust
this amendment will not be concurred in. The
whole question was fairly and freely discussed on
a former occasion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAVEN. I can give no explanation of
this amendment, further than has already been
given. This proposition has no connection with
the assay office at all. It stands by itself, as a
single proposition. The only question for the
committee to decide is, whether they will allow
this property, which is worth $45,000, to go,
rather than pay this prior claim, which will secure
it to the Government?
Mr. FULLER. Why did the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend to strike out the
proviso at the end of the provision for the assay
office ?
Mr. HAVEN. Because the authority of the
State of New York has been already ceded. That
is the only reason. Now, sir, J have no more to
say upon this subject. I hope the committee will
not longer discuss it, but cosne at once to a vote.
It is a matter of no consequence to the city of
New York whether the committee concur or non-
concur in the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will simply
make one remark to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Florence,] who also seems sur-
prised that I should support this amendment.
Sir, the gentleman may recollect that on a former
occasion, when it was proposed to purchase a
certain marble palace in Chestnut street, Phila-
delphia, that I supported that proposition. I
voted for it because I thought it was right, because
the Government needed the building, and because
it could be obtained upon better terms than they
could obtain any other building that would answer
the purpose equally well.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move the following
amendment:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to purchase a site, and contract for the construction of a
custom-house at Nashville, Tennessee, to include accom-
modations for a post-office and United States court room,
at a cost not exceeding one hundred thousand dollars, and
to be paid only out of any r.et revenues which may arise
out of customs duties to be collected at that port within
the next four years.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that that amend-
ment is not germane to the proposition under con-
sideration. I submit that it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I had supposed that
amendment would not be decided as germane to
any appropriations in this bill; but, sir, I have
seen various amendments offered and received,
making appropriations for the establishment of
"custom-houses, both in this House and in the
Senate. I would now be glad if the committee
would indulge me in a short statement in reference
to this amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know whether the amendment
offered by the gentleman is in order? If it is, I
have an amendment to offer to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order, upon the ground that it is not ger-
mane to the subject under consideration.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Not germane to the
bill itself, or not germane to the particular item
under consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. To the item under con-
sideration.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 suppose the amend-
ment is still open to amendment. I move to
strike out from the twelve hundred and ninety-
sixth line to the thirteen hundred and first, inclu-
sive, as follows:
And the Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, is
hereby further authorized to purchase, for the use of the
United States, such property adjoining thereto, situated oil
Pine street, on which the United States now hold a mort-
gage, as may be sold to satisfy the same, at a price not ex-
ceeding the amount of said lien.
I desire to strike out this provision, because 1
have yet heard no reason advanced to show why we
should make this appropriation for the purchase of
this additional lot. As well satisfied as 1 have been
from the beginning, that the lease and contingent
purchase of the first lot was improvident, I am
still more satisfied that this is so. I have heard
no reason assigned for the purchase of this second
lot, except that there are two liens upon the prop-
erty; first, to a private individual, and, secondly,
to the United States; and it has been said here m
debate, that unless there is some provision made
to enable us to purchase it at the price of the
first lien, it may be bid off for a less price to s
private individual, and the Government will
only not get the lot, but will notget anything.
Now, sir, has it come to this, that in the great
city of New York lots cannot bring their value,
especially in Wall street, until the Government,
by appropriation, is made one of the bidders.
Without questioning the accuracy of the informa-
tion of the gentleman from New York and others,
it strikes me that there is no necessity for creating
a bidder for a lot so near the assay ofiice as this
will be by appropriation, in order to make it bring
its value under the lien which is on it.
Mr. IIAVEN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that is a portion of the business for
which I never asked. 1 have no particular fancy
for one way or the other. If the gentleman and
the committee think that the interests of the coun-
try may be better protected by letting it go as it
is, I am willing the amendment shall be stricken
out.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not think that the Gov-
ernment wants the lot at any price; and I do not
think there is any occasion for this Government
being made a bidder at vendue in order that we may
make a little money by running the property up.
1 do not think that it is a proper business for this
Government to go into speculation in town lots.
Mr. PECKHAM. Where a party has a lien
on property, is it not the genera! practice to give
directions that at the sale it shall not be sacrificed
ii uiauu ) v.
' of the | j?<
to some j pf"
vill notj j A
ing. freci
to the injury of that lien ? Is not that the uni-
versal practice all over the country ?
Mr. BAYLY. That is a question it would
take long to go into. There may be some ques-
tion about the legality of it, and I could argue the
question with the gentleman, if the proper occa-
sion arose. But whether that be proper in the
case of individuals or not, there is no occasion for
the Government going there with authority to run
up the price of a lot in such a city as New York.
But I doubt the propriety, or the legality, even,
among individuals, of the thing to which my
friend refers.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
j ginia says that there has been no reason given for
! the purchase of this additional strip of land. I do
not care much about it. If the committee wish to
strike it out, very well; but let us get along with
the bill. I think that there are reasons why this
amendment should not be stricken out. That
property is immediately adjoining the New York
custom-house. It also adjoins the property for
which we have a lease, and the purchase of which
we have authorized by this bill. Gentlemen who
have looked into the subject, I presume that I
may venture to say, are compelled to admit that
the accommodations of the custom-house at New
York city are not enough for the business there
by one third. You have your custom-house offi-
cers crowded, three and half a dozen in one room
not large enough to accommodate one half the
number. I saw these things myself. Even, Mr.
Chairman, if this lot be not necessary to us now,
how long will it be before the growing business
of that great city will make it necessary ? How
long will it be before you will not only need that,
bjjt other lots' Now you have an opportunity of
securing this lot under favorable circumstances.
You have a lien on the property, a second lien to
be sure; but the property is worth some §45,000.
The first lien is only for $8,000 or $10,000. If
the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
become a bidder at the sale, he cannot only pro-
tect the interests of the Government in the collec-
tion of the debt, but he may purchase under favor-
able circumstances the property for which he may
some day or other, if you do not purchase it
now, be compelled to pay ten times what we may
not get it for.
The question was taken upon Mr. Bayly's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The Senate amendment was then concurred in.
O* hundred and tenth amendment;
And the Secretary of file Treasury shall he authorized to
appoint some suitable peison to act as inspector of drugs
and medicines tor the port of San Franefeco, in the State
of California, at an annual compensation of $3,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eleventh amendment:
or prosecuting operations on the marine hospital at
frtland, in the State of Maine, ^50,000.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. The committee
ecommend a non-concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. MACDONALD. I propose to increase the
amount $1,000.
I simply desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to what appears to me to be a very strange
thing in this bill, although I do not know that I
am correct in my opinion. It will be noticed in
this bill that marine hospitals at various points
are provided for, commencing at Cleveland; and
in House document No. 2 you will find that the
Secretary of the Treasury recommends appropri-
ations for the completion of marine hospitals at
; Cleveland, at St. Louis, at Chicago, &c., all of
l which are included in this bill. In the same doc*
. ument, on page 46, the Secretary recommends
' appropriations for the completion of the marine
I hospitals at Vicksburg, at Portland, and at Cin-
cinnati.
| What strikes me as most singular in the bill is,
that the proposition to continue the work at Vicks-
burg is authorized and provided for, or, in other
■ words, they have complied with the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Treasury in each
particular case, excepting in the city of Portland.
I suppose the Committee of Ways and Means
I can explain it, but 1 can hardly understand why
| it is so. There are no hospital aocommodationw
; east of Boston. At Portland we are exposed to
i the hardships of a severe winter, and if there if
