THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1854.
New Series....No, 129;
any place upon the Atlantic coast where fhe sailor
needs protection, and where heis exposed to hard-
ship and disease, it is at this very city of Port-
lands In commercial importance Portland is the
seventh or eighth port in the whole country. 1
hope that the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means will be disregarded. The
Government already own a site there. Shall it be
occupied or not? If it is to be occupied, we must
have some money to put up a building. If it is
not to be occupied, you had better direct the site
to be sold.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and I am opposed to all other amendments
that may be offered to this bill. We have but a few
days more of this session left to dispose of this
and other bills. It is perfectly manifest, I think,
from what has occurred in this House, and from
the recommendations of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and from what has occurred in the other
wing of the Capitol, that the thirty millions sur-
plus is to be spent, and I think we can gel along;
just as well, and probably as profitably, if we vote
m all these propositions, and be done with them,
and let the money go.
Mr. MACDONALD, by unanimous consent,
then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, I move to amend
the amendment by increasing the sum fifty dollars.
I desire to say that we appropriated, during the
last Congress, §30,000 or $40,000 for the purpose
of purchasing a sue for the marine hospital in the
city of Portland. That site, I believe, has been
purchased, and now it is proposed to appropriate
something for erecting the hospital thereon; that
is, to carry out the original object which Congress
had in view in making an appropriation for the
site. And it was, by the slightest accident, occa-
sioned by the absence of the gentleman who had
the matter in charge at the time the bill was origin-
ally in the House, that the appropriation was not
made when the other appropriations were made.
If lie had been here this appropriation would un-
doubtedly have gone through as a matter of course,-
as it would have passed easily on its merits.
There is now 110 marine hospital in the country
east of Boston. It is known that there is a vast
number of sailors in that region of country. A
large proportion of these sailors come from the
Provinces, and from the State of Maine. The hos-
pital in Boston is at this time crowded and over
■crowded. It is more than full, and the question
arose in the Committee of Ways and Means at
the last Congress, whether we should make the
hospital of Boston larger than it was, and make an
additional appropriation for increasing and repair-
ing it, or whether we should build a new one in the
State of Maine. And it was decided, 1 believe,
upon the recommendation of the honorable mem-
ber from Boston, that it would be better, instead of i
having a hospital too large and overgrown, to have
more of them, and among them one in Maine: that
it would be better to have one in Maine than to
have a large single one in Boston. Upon his recom-
mendation, a gentleman who knew, perhaps, better
than any other man in this House, what the wants
of the country require, the appropriation of last
year was made. It was made for the purpose of
having another hospital on the northeastcoast,for
the reason that it would be a saving to the Gov-
ernment, and a saving to the sailor. The sailor
would thenhavea hospital near to the place where
he is disabled, and where such accommodations are
required. Then he would not have to be sent the
long distance from the Bay of Fundy or the coast
of Halifax to Boston. It was for that reason that
the Committee of Ways and Means last year rec-
ommended an appropriation in favor of that ob-
ject, and an appropriation was made. All we ask
for now is simply an appropriation to carry on
the operations, and that would have been granted
when this bill was under consideration before the
House on a former occasion, if the gentlemen who
had charge of this matter had been in the House
aL the time to offer the proposition. I understand
that the only reason why the Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended a non-concurrence
129
in this Senate amendment is, that they came to
the conclusion to have no more hospitals if they
could prevent it.
Mr, HIBBARD. In the year 1852 Congress
appropriated £30,000 for this marine hospital.
The site was purchased for §11,000, as appears
from the finance report of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The Secretary, however, says:
" Tins selection not being coiis-ideicd judicious, a seCond
commission 1ms been appointed to select another site.
Their recommendation has not yet been acted upon."
Here, then, is an appropriation of $30,000, of
which §11,000 has been paid for a site, which has
been pronounced an injudicious one, and a recom-
mendation has been made to change it. Nineteen
thousand dollars remains in the Treasury in no-
wise expended for any purpose. It seems to me,
admitting for the sake of the argument—which I
do not admit in fact—that it is desirable to have
an appropriation, that there is money enough ap-
propriated for present purposes, for we have the
original amount of $30,000 which was appropri-
ated, and nothing really done which is proposed
to be done, for it must be remembered that it is
recommended to give up the site already purchased.
Nothing appears to show what the new site, pro-
posed to be purchased, will cost. There is no
report upon the subject. The recommendations
have been too liberal, m our opinion, and though
they have been most liberal, we stdl are asked for
this appropriation of £>50,000. Now, in the city
of New York, the center of all the commercial
transactions of our country, there is no marine
hospital, and the people do not want one theie.
They have entered into a better system, which is
to support the patients at private boarding houses.
Mr. WALSH. In the city of New York the
Government pays for such sick sailors as may be
there, the sum of three dollars per week for
board at the city hospital.
Mr. HIBBARD. We have made appropria-
tions for hospitals where there were no patients,
and where there never will be. J admit that 1,
for one, am against this whole system; at least to
the enlargement of the fystem, as is now pro-
posed to be done. I do not say that there should
be no marine hospitals, but I say it is worse than
folly to scatter them about in places where there
are patients ranging m number only from one up
to ten and twelve a year, as the report before me
shows. I hope the committee will make no ap-
propriation for this point. I do not think there is
any need for it at all.
Mr. Washburn's amendment to the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to in-
crease the appropriation ten dollars, for the pur-
pose of saying a word m reference to this subject.
I find, from Senate document No. 2, that there
are marine hospitals ai Chelsea, near Boston;
Norfolk, Virginia; Ocracoke, North Carolina;
Cleveland, Ohio; Chicago, Illinois; Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania; Louisville, Kentucky; Paducah,
Kentucky; Natchez, Mississippi; New Orleans,
Louisiana; Mobile, Alabama; and Key West,
Florida. Appropriations have been madefor such
establishments at Napoleon, Aikansas; Vicks-
burg, Mississippi; Evansville, Indiana; Portland,
Maine; San Francisco, California.
Mr. WALSH. Yes; and atone half of these
places a sailor would be regarded as great a cu-
riosity as a native of Kamschatka.
Mr. WASHBURN. That may all be true.
I believe there are a good many ol the locations
of these marine hospitals which were badly se-
lected. But, sir, such is not the case with refer-
ence to Portland. I venture to say there are no
ports m the United States, with the exception of
Boston, New York, New Orleans, and San Fran-
cisco, where there are so many sick and disabled
seamen who need to be taken care of as at Port-
land. And whatever necessity there may be or
may not be at other locations, whether marine
hospitals have been injudiciously erected or not, 1
say, that if they are to exist anywhere, there
should be one a<- Poitb.m.
Mr. HIBBARD, if the gentleman will allow
me, there is a marine hospital at Pittsburg, and
there are no patients there at all.
Mr. WASHBURN. That may all be; and if
it is so, a marine hospital should not have been
placed there. But, sir, I repeat, that because
some of these hospitals have been placed in im-
; proper locations, is no reason why such'institu-
tions should not be established where they are
necessary. 1 say that one is very much needed
at Portland, and the fact is well known to this
committee.
Now, in reference to the argument of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,]
i that a site has already been purchased, 1 will state
that a site was purchased for $11,000; but it was
afterwards ascertained that it was an improper
one, and a part of this appropriation is to be ap-
plied for the purchase of a new site.
Mr. MACDONALD. If my colleague will
allow me, I will st^te that he is under a misappre-
hension in reference to this site for a marine hos-
pital in Portland. He states correctly that a site
was originally purchased for the .construction of
a marine hospital. An objection was made to it,
and the Secretary of the Treasury ordered the
operations to be suspended on that account. But,
upon further examination, the objection has been
since removed. The site is regarded as a good
one, and there is no purpose to obtain any other.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, sir, then there is
no reason why they should not go on and com-
plete the hospital. I think if the committee will
look at the facts as they exist in reference to this
case, they will not fail to agree to this amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am opposed
fo this amendment, and ask that a vote may be
taken upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN I will withdraw my amend-
ment, if there be no objection.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Walker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in, the tellers having reported—
ayes 77, noes 47.
One hundred and twelfth amendment;
To provide tt Miitabie budding as a marine hospital at St.
Mark<. FJonda, $5,001).
Mr. HAVEN". The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move to increase the
appropriation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention of
the committee simply to the necessity for an ap-
propriation for a hospital at St. Marks. I thought
that the modesty of the request, if nothing else,
would have commended it to the favor of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. We onlyask $5,000
for a suitable building as a marine hospital at this
place; and if there be a necessity for a marine hos-
pital anywhere in the United Siates, we can claim
that it is necessary at St. Marks It is exposed
to all the epidemics which rage on the southern
coast during the summer and fail. Trade between
that point and New York, Boston,and other north-
ern cities., commences before these diseases have
worn away.
We have no interest of our own in this matter.
We have no seamen toprovidefor in these hos-
pitals. The seamen to be provided for come from
your northern ports, and thus become exposed
and subject to diseases which carry them off, aa
many were carried off during the past season; for-
at this little place the loss by death was greater in
proportion to the population than in the city of
New Orleans., where the epidemic raged to such
a fearful extent during the last season. With
these facts before the committee, i am sure that
fbey will not refuse this modest appropriation of
£5,000 to build a hospital for seamen at that port.
