2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
I hope, therefore, that the committee will concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
- The question was taken on Mr. Maxwell's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. SEW ARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting after the word " Florida " the
words "Darien, Georgia," and at the end of the
word "dollars," adding the word " each."
The amendment, if so amended, would read:
To provide a suitable building as a marine hospital at
St, Marks, Florida, ami Darien, Georgia, $5,000 each.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask the Chair whether that
amendment is in order or not? There is no law
authorizing the erection of a marine hospital at
Darien.
The CHAIRMAN. The same reason which
applied to the gentleman's amendment for the
marine hospital at Savannah, applies also to this.
The Chair is of opinion that the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know the
reason why it is not.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; I'do.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Seward] offers an amendment to
the amendment providing for the erection of a
suitable building for a marine hospital at Darien,
Georgia, and increasing the appropriation. The
Chair rules the amendment out of order, because
there is no law authorizing the erection of any
such building. The gentleman from Georgia ap-
peals from the decision of the Chair ruling his
amendment out of order. The question will be:
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to state my rea-
son for appealing from the decision of the Chair.
I understand that there is no law providing for a
marine hospital at St. Marks, Florida, any more
than at Darien. I think, therefore, that my amend-
ment is germane to the amendment of the Senate.
The question being on the appeal taken by the
gentleman from Georgia,
Mr. SEWARD asked for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
BoooCKwere appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 51).
So the Senate's amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirteenth amendment:
Pago fifly-fivc, lino ttiiitecn liumlicd and thirty, under
the head of £t marine hospital,,} iiikoiI the following :
To provide accommod.Uions tor sick ami disabled sea-
men at Cincinnati, Ohio, §50,000; and the .Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorised tu use such part of said
sum for the purchase of a site for a murine hospital at said
place as he may deem expedient.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
offer an amendment to the Senate amendment. I
move to strikeout all after the word "seamen,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following words:
" upon the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, $50,000;"
so as to make the claijjse read:
To provide afeoimriodationK for sick arid disabled sea-
men upon tile MiSKisfitipijj and Ohio rivers, ^50,Out).
The part of the clause which I propose to strike
out provides for the erection of a marine hospital
in the city of Cincinnati. Of all the places upon
our western waters I consider a marine hospital at
that point unnecessary, on account of the facts
which were presented in debate here this morn-
ing, that in private hospitals disabled seamen can
be accommodated much mors easily and cheaply
to the Government than they can be by the con-
struction of a public hospital. If there is any
place upon the Mississippi river, or in the whole
western country, where itis desirable that a public
hospital should be erected, it is at Memphis; for
that is the highest point upon the Mississippi
where the fevers of the southern gulf coast,!o not
reach, and at that point all pick seamen would nat-
urally disembark. You find, in fact, that hardly
One of them is willing to stop at Napoleon, where
the Government of the United States went to a
heavy expense in the erection of a hospital. The
result is, that a number of these men are thrown
upon Memphis at a great expense to them, though
I am happy to say that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has been in the habit of furnishing accommo-
dations to those seamen by an expenditure of a
part of the fund at his command at the private and
public hospitals at that place. It is of more im-
portance that this money should be expended there
than at any other point lower upon the Missis-
sippi river, and it is nothing more than right that
a portion of these expenditures should be appro-
priated to that part of the river.
The committee will perceive that this amend-
ment is not for boatmen upon the river, but for
sick" and disabled seamen. But whether it relates
to boatmen or not, it is right and proper that this
sum should be expended, not at Cincinnati alone,
but that it should be distributed at all the important
points of the river, and especially below the city
of Cincinnati, where the largest number of men
engaged on the ocean and river are always to be
found in a disabled and sick condition.
Mr. DISNEY. I feel very certain, that if the
members of this committee were aware precisely
of the state of facts in regard to the sick and dis-
abled boatmen, or seamen—for that is the term
used in this amendment, and that is the phrase-
ology always used in reference to our river boat-
men, as well as to seamen proper—I repeat, if the
members of this committee were familiar with the
state of these boatmen at Cincinnati, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee would not
have been offered by him. Now, one word in
regard to the gentleman's argument. There is
force in it, if it were applicable to the city of Cin-
cinnati. Heretofore, the private hospitals of that
city have taken care of these men, and the Gov-
ernment has been enabled to avoid the expense,
responsibility, and cost of the erection of a public
building for that specific purpose.
The directors of these local hospitals have'given
the Government notice that they cannot longer
take care of this class of persons. At the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
the Secretary of the Treasury recommended the
appropriation which the amendment of the Senate
calls for. This appropriation is necessary, be-
cause, as 1 have said, thereare no public accommo-
dations for taking care of the sick and disabled
seamen who arrive there^ Sir, there is not a port
in the whole country wUre a marine hospital is
more needed than one there.
Any one who is at all acquainted with the facts
knows that these buildings have been constructed
up and down the Mississippi river without regard
to the wants of the localities which were selected.
The number of sick and disabled boatmen who
land at Cincinnati exceeds four times that at any
marine hospital upon the Mississippi river, with
the exception, perhaps, of New Orleans alone.
You have located your hospitals at the wrong
places. But because they have been located at
the wrong places, where there are no patients to
accommodate, is that any argument why you
should not establish one at a point where the
boatmen do come, and where they need to be ac-
commodated ?
The Government is now actually reduced to
the necessity of letting out the taking care of these
sick and disabled boatmen to the lowest bidder.
At this time a party has contracted to take care
of these boatmen, and no hospital can he obtained
for their accommodation. They are placed in
mere ordinary buildings—in common residences.
There is no alternative left but to adopt this course,
or turn them into the streets. The Government
has no other means of protecting them. Such is
the condition of affairs in that city at this time. I
have no personal interest in the matter, except to
see proper provision made for those boatmen. It
is not an appropriation which is asked for spe-
cially by the city of Cincinnati; but it is needed
by the boatmen; and if* the facts were properly
understood, there would be no objection to this
amendment.
Sir, this is a proper provision for a general ap-
propriation bill. Appropriations have been made
for this work under existing laws. Such appro-
priations have been inserted in other appropria-
tion bills which have passed this House.
So stands the case, and the committee must
judge for itself whether they will allow the appro-
priation to be made. As I remarked, the taking
care of those sick and disabled seamen is now
done by contract by parties who occupy ordinary
residences, and take the patients as a matter of
speculation. #
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Stanton's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to increase
the amount contained in the Senate's amendment
$1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment
for the purpose of saying, that if gentlemen will look
in House miscellaneous document, page eleven,
they will see that the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends this appropriation for the reason that
the sick and disabled seamen, who land at Cin-
cinnati, cannot be properly taken care of, unless
further provisions be made for their accommoda-
tion. I simply ask that gentlemen will look to the
miscellaneous document, to which 5 have referred,
and see the recommendations of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the reasons for making them,
in reference to this appropriation. I thmk the
House will concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate, if they will look for a moment at the import-
ant position of that great city. Sir, Cincinnati
does not ask for this appropriation. The State of
Ohio does not ask it. But the Secretary of the
Treasury, under the best advice he can get, says
it is absolutely necessary, in order properly to
take care of the sick and disabled seamen at that
point. Sir, the Ohio river has thousands of miles
of navigation, and, with the Mississippi river, it has
five thousand miles navigation.
And here I take occasion to say that the State
of Ohio asks for nothing of the General Govern-
ment except what its officers deem necessary for
the best interests of the United States. She is an
interior State, having a population of two mil-
lion inhabitants, and paying one twelfth of the
$50,000,000 or g60,000,000 revenue of the Gov-
ernment. She does not ask for a dollar beyond
what is asked as necessary. Cincinnati is a city
of two hundred and fifty thousand or three hundred
thousand inhabitants, and deals with five million
of people. Ohio is a State having $300,000,000 of
taxable property, and notwithstanding she pays
one twelfth of the revenue of the Government;
men are found to oppose a small appropriation of
$50,000 to take care of sick and disabled seamen
there. Having appropriated for Vicksburg, St.
Louis, Chicago, and other places in the West, I
say that this committee will do itself injustice in
withholding this small appropriation of §50,000
to take care of sick and disabled boatmen who
navigate the five thousand miles of your western
waters. Give this sum for the benefit of the boat-
men of the United States who manage the steam-
ers, flat-boats, and rafts of your western waters.
What is $50,000 to a State which contributes one
twelfth of your revenue ?
We do not ask it for ourselves. We ask it for
the western boatmen. We ask it because the
Secretary of the Treasury has said that it is
necessary. We ask it because he says there will
be no accommodation there after the 1st day of
July, 1854, for the sick and disabled stamen.
They are now quartered m the medical college at
so much per head. This amendment is recom-
mended by the Department as one eminently en-
titled to the favor of the Government.
[Here ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
not because 1 do not think that an appropriation
is necessary for sick and disabled seamen at Cin-
cinnati; but I thmk that these appropriations
should be made for places all along the Missis-
sippi and Ohio rivers. I know that a large pro-
portion of these men are to be found in a sick
and disabled condition at Cincinnati; but that is
not the only place, and there is no reason why
appropriation should be solely confined to it. I
agree with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] that the western marine hospitals are
placed on wrong sites. I think there is nothing
more certain than the correctness of that position.
You cannot get a seaman to disembark at Napo-
leon, if he happens to fall sick at that point. He
krio-.vs that the'hospital may be three or ten feet
under water. At least the adjoining ground may
be submerged,and becannot expect anything but
death. And, in my judgment, that hospital ought
not to be at that point.
