482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
less as perhaps any man who has preceded him in
the awful solemnities of death. I trust that it will
meet the approbation of every member of the
House, to pay this tribute of respect to his mem-
ory, and to his noble and exalted character.
The question was then taken on Mr. Church-
well's motion, and it was agreed to mm. con.
* THE NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. APPLETON. I have the honor to present
the resolutions of the Legislature of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts. I ask that they may be
read,laid upon the table, and printed.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That we view with apprehension and alarm the
proposition now pending before the Congress of the United
States, to repeal a solemn injunction against the introduc-
tion of slavery into territory now free, and which was sa-
credly appropriated to the exclusive occupation of freemen
by the compromise of 1820.
Resolved, That we hold it as nothing less than a violation
of plighted faith to annul all that part of the Missouri com-
promise which remains to be fulfilled for the benefit of free-
dom and the free States; while all that part which was
intended for the benefit of slavery and the slave States is
rigidly insisted upon, and has been fully executed.
Resolved, That in behalf of the people of Massachusetts,
we deplore the introduction of this measui e as a proposition
to disturb that which has already been settled : And that, if
we are to witness fresh scenes of sectional animosity and
contention, the authors and suppoitcrs of the Nebraska bill
must forever bear the responsibility, and be answerable for
ail the fearful consequences of so flagrant an act of injus-
tice.
Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of these resolutions to each of the Sena-
tors and Representatives of Massachusetts m the Congress
of the United States.
The resolutions were then ordered to He upon
the table, and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Navy Department, trans-
mitting a reply to the Resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 3d of January last, in ref-
erence to the steam navy of the United States.
Mr. MACDONALD. The communication,
Mr. Speaker, is in answer to resolutions which 1
had the honor to introduce into this body. I have
examined the manuscript, and find that the reply
to the fifth interrogatory of the resolutions is gen-
eral in its character. The inquiry was in relation
to the constructors and superintendents of our
steam navy; butit was found to be difficult to give
a full and detailed answer. In the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, which has been sent us,
there is a detailed account. It embraces the cor-
respondence of the Department, and also the pro-
ceedings of the Navy Board. I felt it my duty to
make this statement to the House, because on the j
question of printing, which I shall make, the ob- i
ject of the inquiry would not be answered by pub-
lishing the general answer, and I have no doubt
that the publication of the detailed statement would
furnish a useful document, certainly for the De-
partment and for the country historically, in con-
nection with our steam navy. With that sug-
gestion, I move that the communication be laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Whereupon the House adjourned, at half past
three o'clock, to Monday next, at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 25, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RAILROADSIN INDIANA, ILLINOIS, AND IOWA.
Mr. PETTIT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill granting
a portion of the public lands to the States of In-
diana, Illinois, and Iowa, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad in said States; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present the remonstrance of the rep-
resentative committee of the religious Society of
Friends, residing in the States of Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland, against
the proposed enactment of a territorial law for the
Territory of Nebraska and the admission of sla-
very therein. I would state,Mr. President, that,
as is well known, this class of the citizens of the
State which I in part represent upon this floor,
and indeed of all the States of the Union, are not
that class of people who have ever, on any occa-
sion, endeavored to do anything which was viola-
tive of the concord and harmony which should
exist between the States, but have always been
governed by the principle of their religious creed
—forbearance.
Mr. BADGER. They are not political agita-
tors.
Mr. COOPER. No, sir, they are not political
agitators; but they do conscientiously and upright-
ly believe that the subject on which they remon-
strate is one calculated to do mischief. 1 say this
in justice to the gentlemen who have signed this
remonstrance. I now move that the petition lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a large number of
petitions signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, Del-
aware, and New Jersey, praying an additional
appropriation for the completion of the piers on
the easternmost side of Reedy Island, in the Dela-
ware river; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, three petitions signed by citizens of the
State of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
passage of the Nebraska bill in its present form;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, two memorials signed by citizens of Phil-
adelphia,praying that theUnited States Mint, now
in that city, may not be removed; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Thomas P. Kennedy and J. Darling, praying re-
imbursement for losses occasioned by the burning
of their store, on Peas Creek, Florida, by the ,
Seminole Indians; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Military Affairs. (
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of L. F. |
Frazer, praying Congress to adopt a life boat, of
which he claims to be the inventor, in the United
States Navy; which was'referred to the Commit-
tee of Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Hermen, State of Maine, praying that
slavery may be prohibited in the Territories of the
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, four petitions of inhabitants of Maine, re-
monstrating against the abrogation of the Mis-
souri compromise; which were ordered to He on
the table.
Mr. CASS presented four memorials of citizens
of New York, praying Congress to enact such
laws as will best secure religious freedom to Amer-
ican citizens resident in foreign countries; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the e<ihe of
George E. McLellnn be withdrawn from the tile:! of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Military Allans.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, Tliattho petition and papers in the ease of Pox-
hall A. i'arkei be vvithdiawa fioni the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BTI.L REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the establishment of a land office in the Lower
Peninsula of Michigan, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
I{STERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
On the motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution:
k< Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and
they are hereby, instructed to report to the Senate, at as
early a day as one can reasonably be prepared, a bill making
appropiiations for the improvement of haibois and rivers."
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, there is but a
thin Senate this morning, and therefore I should
much prefer that the consideration of this resolu-
tion should be postponed until we can have a fuller
vote upon it. I suggest that it may lie on the
table until Monday or Tuesday morning.
Mr. STUART. For myself, I should have no
objection to the postponement suggested by the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce; but it
has been before the Senate for several days, and 1
have been requested by several Senators, again and
again, to call it up.
it is known to the Senate that I have been tem-
porarily occupying the chair for the last few days,
and hence I have been unable to do so. I how-
ever will now very cheerfully submit to the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, if it will meet the approbation of the Senate.
I desire, however, early action on this subject;
for I regard it as one of the most important that
will be brought to our attention. I have been
unable to see any reason for continuing the cus-
tom—for it is but a custom—of waiting for a
bill to come from the House of Representatives
on this subject. I have long noticed that such
bills have come here at so late a day that they
have been very imperfectly considered in the Sen-
ate; and they have not unfrequently been lost,
because they have been crowded out by the neces-
sary consideration of the appropriation bills. I
confess, sir, that from the inquiries which I have
made, I see no prospect of a bill reaching us from
the House of Representatives this session at any
earlier day than it has heretofore.
I may, perhaps, entertain views on this subject
different from those of other gentlemen; but enter-
taining those opinions, I have felt it to be my duty
to call for early action here, and I shall be as glad
as the Senator from Maine to see a full Senate
whenever it is considered; not that I regard this as
a test question, for it is a mere question^>f pro-
priety. I apprehend that any Senator might vote
for this resolution, and not be committed to any
particular course upon the bill that may in conse-
quence be reported. It is a mere question at thi3
time whether the Senate will exercise the functions
that appropriately belong to it or not. As I said,
1 shall very cheerfully consult what seems to be
the wish of the Senate in respect to the time of
considering it, saying, however, to the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, that I shall per-
sonally be glad to oblige him.
Mr. CASS. I agree with my colleague on this
subject. I wish that it may be considered, and
acted upon fairly. Independent of what my col-
league has very well stated, astothetimeat which
these appropriations are made, I will add that even
at the long session they are almost uniformly de-
layed and carried into July, August, and Septem-
ber, before they are passed. The consequence is,
that the business of that year is Jost; or if not lost,
it is done so hastily that it is done badly and ex-
pensively.
I can speak upon that subject with the utmost
confidence. The appropriation should be made
early, so that all the arrangements connected with
the expenditures of that season may be made in
time, in order to have the work go on as soon as
the season will permit; otherwise your expensea
are lost. Improvements have been commenced
under former appropriations, which are intended
to be permanent, such as those upon the lakes,
the operations of dredging boats, &c., and they
will be lost, utterly lost, and sacrificed as they
have been once before, unless your appropriations
go on.
Upon this subject I desire to say, speaking for
my portion of the Union, that I consider these
appropriations essentially necessary for its pros-
perity. I have a radical objection to transferring
this power of improvement over rivers and har-
bors to the State authorities. In the first place, I
believe it would take ages, upon any system of
tonnage duties which you might adopt, to have it
done. In the next place, I do not want what I
consider the legitimate powers of this Govern-
ment transferred anywhere else. I want them
strictly executed, but I want them faithfully and
constitutionally exercised.
There is no "noise and confusion" in that.
That is all plain. I do not mean that I would
pursue the system to extremes. It has been car-
ried too much to extremes. I am opposed to roads
and canals; but from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, expenditures for harbors, and the mouths
of rivers, have been made. Such improvements
have been entered into from the days of Washing-
ton down to this day. I think myself the power is
clear under the Constitution, as clear as any gen-
eral power can be. I am, therefore, most exceed-
ingly anxious that this subject should come before
