1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488
the Senate in such a way that it will act in regard
to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce will not in-
sist on the postponement of this resolution. I
moved, the other morning, to take up a bill re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce, for
the removal of obstructions at the mouth of the
Mississippi river, and the honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] objected to taking; it up,
because it was, as he thought, a proper subject
for a general bill. Since that time I have received
letters from several merchants of the city of New
Orleans on this very subject. I will state to the
Senate, that from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the admission of the State of Louisiana
into the Union, repeated appropriations have been
made for the purpose of improving the navigation
at the mouth of the Mississippi river—a naviga-
tion which interests not only the State which I
in part represent, and the whole valley of the
Mississippi, but particularly the constituency of
the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] and every State upon the Atlantic sea-board.
Last year §75,000 were expended under a contract
for opening the mouths of the Mississippi river.
We have the report of the Secretary of War,
which establishes the fact that this is the first appro-
priation ever made by the Government for that im-
provement which has had any beneficial effect. This
sum of §75,000, pitiful as it is, has been expended
with this beneficial result: that for the last twelve
months there has been a depth of not less than
eighteen feet of water upon the bar at the mouth
of the river. But by the reports of engineers, and
by the letters from these merchants, I am informed
that that channel is filling up again; and that un-
less a further appropriation be made to continue
the dredging system, which has thus far operated
with such beneficial effect, we shall again be suf-
fering the same evils which the commerce of the
whole country was suffering at the time when that
small appropriation was made. It is, therefore, a
matter of great urgency to the commerce of the
West that any bill which contains an appropri-
ation for this particular improvement should be
reported and acted upon at an early day. I con-
cur in every word which was uttered by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] Ail
the appropriations that we make will be made in
vain in relation to works already commenced, if
we make them at so late a period in the session as
to allow the works already begun to be destroyed
or rendered useless. But if we make an early
appropriation, not only will the sums already ex-
pended prove beneficial in the past, but will make
a serviceable basis for future improvements.
Now it is not, as the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] has suggested, a test question which
we propose. We are not discussing the system
of internal improvements. Any Senator who votes
for this resolution may, with perfect consistency,
when the bill is reported Uy the Committee on
Commerce, vote against any section of the bill,
against an appropriation for any particular im-
provement, or against the whole bill. The object
of the resolution is merely to prepare the way for
efficient legislation on the subject. Under these
circumstances, I cannot conceive that it is neces-
sary that the Senate should be very full. I hope
the resolution will be adopted this morning.
Mr, HAMLIN. It is very true that the reso-
lution proposes no test, and a bill may be reported
by the Committee on Commerce, against which
members of that committee and other Senators
may vote when reported. That is all very true. It
is equally true, however, that this resolution does
propose a radical and thorough change m the pro-
ceedings of the Senate. It proposes to report the
appropriation bill to the Senate, and thus to do
what has before never been done. Before the Sen-
ate shall take that course, I propose to say a very
few words, giving my reasons why I think it inju-
dicious. I could, perhaps, say the little I have
to say this morning; but there are Senators who
have intimated to me that they wish to speak upon
this matter, and I refer to one in particular, the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason-,] who de-
sires to be heard upon it. I will, therefore,ask,
as it proposes a radical change in the mode of
proceeding in the Senate, that it shall be deferred
until Tuesday morning next. My friend from
Louisiana knows that we have no meeting of our
committee until Wednesday morning; and, there-
fore, if the resolution shall pass before Wednes-
day, it will not be considered before that time. It
will, therefore-, do equally as well to pass it on
Tuesday morning as to-day. I therefore hope,
for those reasons, that it may go over until Tues-
day morning, when it can be taken up if the Senate
thinks proper to do so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why not name Monday
morning? We may not be able to get it acted
upon on Tuesday.
Mr. HAMLIN. On Monday morning it is
quite likely that we shall have a very thin Senate.
There are serious objections in the minds of some
Senators to the proposition. They should be !
permitted to be present. I would, therefore, like j
to have Tuesday morning named, so that we may
have a full Senate.
Mr. STUART. If I may thus far control the
resolution, I will move to postpone its considera-
tion until Tuesday morning.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, a joint reso-
lution for the purpose of manifesting the sense of
Congress towards the officers and seamen of the
vessels, and others, engaged in the rescue of the
officers and soldiers of t-he Army, the passengers,
and the officers and crew of the steamer San Fran-
cisco, from perishing with the wreck of that ves-
sel, has been reported from a joint committee of
both Houses. It is intended by the resolution to
return some acknowledgment to those who aided
in rescuing the sufferers on board of the San
Francisco; and being a matter of that character, !
I take it for granted that there will be no opposi-
tion to the Senate taking it up now. It is one of
those cases, being an act of generosity and of
grace, that ought to be promptly acted upon, if
acted upon at all. I will therefore move that it be
taken up now for consideration.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois if he did not understand the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
[Mr. Gwin,] when he proposed to call up the res-
olution before, to intimate that whenever the res- j
olution came up he had something to say in regard j
to it? I think it was so understood; and, there- t
fore, I submit to the honorable Senator, as the I
Senator from California is not in his seat, to per- !
mit this resolution to go over for another day at .
least.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
California, who was a member of the committee,
did not concur in the joint resolution, and did not i
approve of its terms, and asked time, when I re- !
ported the resolution and requested its considera- !
tion, to prepare a report expressing his views upon j
the subject. He informed .me that he was endeav-
ing to obtain some information on which he could
found his report. 1 had told him that I would call
it up the first opportunity I had, and I believe he '
will have no objection to have it taken up. I have
been waiting day after day for him to present his
report, until I begin to find that the people think
we are rather putting off the matter, and trying to
hush it up.
% The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to say that I know
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] is de-
sirous to be present when this resolution is con-
sidered. He has some information to present
which he thinks may influence the action of the
Senate. Under these circumstances, I think it ■
should go over. j
Mr. SHIELDS. I have already stated that this
resolution has been kept waiting for that honora-
ble Senator from day to day, until I find that the
people are beginning to think our object is to hush
it up. I stated to the Senator from California, the
other day, that it was my intention to call it up tin ■
soon as possible. He stated that he had intended .
to make an adverse report; but, upon calling on
the Department, he had not gotthe facts which he
expected, on which to base that report. J-le inti- ;
mated that he would make some statements when I
the resolution should be called up.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state what I believe to :
be the facts on which the Senator from Cahfor- '
nia desires to obtain information. It is known !
that very large sums have been raised by volun- |
tary contributions for the purpose of rewarding 1
thosepersons, and the honorable Senator, I believe
desires to ascertain what amounts have been con
tributed,and how they have been disbursed. Now,
for my part, I should desire very much to know
those facts—how much has been received, and
how much distributed already. The knowledge
of those facts might influence our action upon the
resolution, or upon the manner in which it should
be framed. I prefer, therefore, that it should pass
over until Monday; and 1 submit whether, under
the circumstances, it would be at all respectful
•towards the Senator from California to consider it
at this time when he is not in his seat?
Mr. WELLER. I would ask my friend from
Illinois to let this question go over until Monday.
This is only the first or second time, I believe,
that we have sat, during this session, on Saturday.
My colleague left the city the other day, not ex-
pecting, as a matter of course, that this subject
would be called up to-day. He desires to be heard
upon it. I would submit, therefore, to the Senator
from Illinois to let it go over.
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly, sir. I,am very
anxious that the resolution should be acted upon
and passed, but I cannot refuse the request of
Senators to let it go over. I will, therefore, move
its postponement until Monday. Perhaps, how-
ever, before doing so it may as well be reported to
the Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
without amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now move that the further
consideration of the joint resolution be postponed
until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE AND ENGLAND.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have observed
to-day an article in one of the London papers
which I desire to bring to the attention of the
Seriate—to the attention of the Committeeon For-
eign Relations—especially to the attention of the
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Mason-,] whom
I am glad to see in his seat. I refer to a speech
delivered by Lord Clarendon, the British Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affairs, from which I
will read a few lines. It is one of the most ex-
traordinary declarations that has been made in my
day. I do not suppose that it is very rare that
such projects are concocted and matured among
European cabinets; but I think it is very rare that
they are thus publicly avowed. It is not often that
the information of such a treaty finds its way into
the public prints in such a manner. What Lord
Clarendon said, is this; after speaking of the good
understanding between England and France, con-
nected with the Turkish question, he adds:
" Your lordships will be glad aNo to hear that the union
ofthetwoGoverninentsjs not con fined to the Easternques-
tioti, but that the habit of a good understanding between
them has become general on all matters of policy, and ex-
tomis to ail parts ol" the world ; and that on the question of
policy, there is no part of the world, in either hemisphere,
with regard to which we are not entirely in accord."
Now, there is no misunderstanding that state-
| ment. It is intended to be a notice to us that
J France and England have come to an agreement
| with respect to the schemes of aggrandizement of
• the United States, and mean to stop it. It means
! Cuba. It means any place where we wish to pro-
cure the acquisition of territory.
I observed that in the House of Representatives
—I will not detain the Senate now with reading
them—some most excellent resolutions have been
introduced by a member from Tennessee, in every
word of which I heartily concur; and 1 hope that
our Committeeon Foreign Relations will examine
into the matter, and will introduce those resolu-
tions into the Senate.
It is useless, Mr. President, for us to tamper
any longer with these questions. It is useless to
I say that we shall not take our place among the
, nations of the world, and to declare, when inter-
i polations are made into the system of the law of
: nations, regulating the Powers of the world, that we
| have no right to be heard. Yet we are told we
are humbugged—I cannot call it by any other
name. I do not mean to express disrespect to any
one, hut the country is humbugged with the im-
pression that if we declare that a European
| Power has no right to interpolate provisions in the
| law of nations, it is an "entangling alliance,"
1 and General Washington and Jefferson are quoted
| in opposition to it. How an entangling alliance
is made by the declaration of the American Re-
I public that the Powers of the earth have no right
