1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m m
inson, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart,
Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich, Grow, Har-
rison, Haven, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Lyon, Matteson,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Norton, An<lrew Oliver, Parker,
Pennington, Pringle, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons,
John L. Taylor, Tracy, Upham, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B.
WaMihurne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, and Tap-
pan Wentworth—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C.Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Beli,
Bocock, Boyce,-Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers,
Caskie, Chiisman, Churchwel^ dark, Clfngman, Cobb,
Cotqmtt, Cox, Craige, Gumming, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Dowdeli, Eddy, Edmundson, Ellison, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Gamble, Greenwood,Grey, Hamilton,
Samp«on.VV. Harris, Hastings, Hendiicks, Henn, Hibbard,
Houston, Hughes, IngersoJl, Johnson, George W.Jones, J.
Giancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kit-
tredge, Kurtz, Letcher,Lindsley, Macdonald, McDougall,
McNair, Macy, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Morrison, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Reese, Richard-
son, Kiddle, Thomas llitchey, Robbms, Rogers, Ruffin,
Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, Wtljiam Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.Stanton. Alex-
ander ff. Stephens, Straub, David jStuart, John J. Taylor,
Trout, Tweed, Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, West-
brook. Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and
Zolheoffer—108.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question recurring on the motion that the
House do now adjourn, it was put; and disagreed
to.
[Cries of " GluestionJ" " Cluestion I *']
The SPEAKER. The question is on the reso-
lution to close debate on the Nebraska bill.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I ask for a division
of the question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, is divisible.
The Chair begs pardon. He now recollects
there is an appeal pending from thedecisiorrof the
Chair, and it would not be right to pass u over.
[Cries of " Oh! no matter about it!" " Let it
slide!" and laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that it
was not in order to submit a motion to lay the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois on the
table, that motion having been previously sub-
mitted, and the House having then refused to lay
it on the table.
Several Voices. Oh, pass it over. We had for-
gotten all about it.
The SPEAKER. From that decision an appeal
has been taken, and a motion has been made to
lay the appeal on the table. The yeas and nays
have been called for and ordered. The question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
theiudgment of the House?"
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 113, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abprcomble, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Banks, Barksdaie, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Brooks,
Caruthers, Caskie, OhrMinan, Churchwell, Clark, Cling
man, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige. Gumming, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Di«ney, Dowdeli, Eddy, Edmundson,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Giddmgs, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Wiley P Harris, Hastings,
Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston,
Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, fterr, Kid-
weli, Knox;, Kurtz, Lamb, I.indsley, Lyon, Macdonald,
McNair, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,Morrison,
Murray, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryeat, Ready, Richard-
son, Thomas Ruchey, Robbms, Rogers, Ruffin, Seward,
Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard H Stanton, Alexan-
der fi. Stephens, Stratton, Straub, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, Wells,
Westhrook, Witts, DdnieiB. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
and Zolheoffer—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benson, Campbell,
Chandler, Crocker, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edmands,
Thomas D. Ehot, Everhart, Fenton, Goodrich, Grow, Har-
rison, McCulloch, Macy, Matteson, Meacham, Middles-
warth, Morgan, Norton, Parker, Pennington, Pringle,
Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Andrew Stuart,
Thurston, Tracy, Upham, Ellihu B. Wa^hburnfc, {srael
Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, and
Yates—40.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
adoption of the resolution to close debate.
The question was put; pending the announce-
ment,
Mr. FARLEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Messrs. CAMPBELL,and STUART, ofOhio,
addressed the Chair.
The Clerk commenced calling the roll.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I ask for a division
of the question.
The SPEAKER. There are two distinct prop-
ositions contained in the resolution. The one is
to close debate on the Nebraska bill; the other is
to postpone the special order on the Pacific rail-
road bill. The qufestion now is on the first prop-
osition, which is to terminate the debate on the
Nebraska bill; and on that proposition the yeas
and nays will be taken.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Caruthers, Ca>kie, Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cumming, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdeli, Eddy, Edmundson,
Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Green, Green-
wood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Hams, YViley P.
Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Ihbbard, Hillyer, Houston,
Hughes, Fngersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Giancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr. Kidwoll, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair, Macy. Max-
well, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Noble, Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Phelps, Phillip*, Powell, Pratt, Pres-
ton, Ready, Reese, Kiehardson, Riddle, Thomas Rilchey,
Rohhins, Rogers, Ruffin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon,
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A'. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens,
Straub, David Sluarr, John J. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail,
Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, Warren, John Went
worih, Westbrook, Witte, IlendrickB. Wright, and Zol
hcoffer—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Thomas Davis,
I)e Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas
D. Ehot, Ethendge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,
Goodrich,Grow, Harrison, Hayings, Haven, Howe, Daniel
T. Jones, Knox, Lyon, McCulloch, Matteson, Meacham,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parkei, Pennington, Piingle,, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Simmons, Skellun, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, ThurMon,
Tracy, Hpham, Wade, Walley, F-llihii B. Washburtre,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, and Yates
—59.
So the resolution closing debate on the Ne-
braska bill at twelve o'clock on Saturday, the
20th instant, was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
adoption of the second branch of the resolution;
which is, that the special order on the Pacific rail-
road bill be postponed till Wednesday, the 24th
instant.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I ask
to be excused from voting on that proposition;
and on tfie motion to be excused I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STUART. Then 1 hope the motion
which I have made will be placed on the record
of the proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not time now
to determine whether the motion should go on
the Journal or not.
Mr. STUART. I merely wish it to go on
record that an express rule of this House has been
trampled down.
The question being still on the adoption of the
second branch of the proposition offered by the
gentleman from Illinois,
Mr. WALKER. 1 move to lay that proposi-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
motion is out of order.
[Loud criea of t( Call the roll!"]
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 123, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Al-
len, Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H.
Bayly, Banks, BarksdtUe, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bo-
cock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Cox, Craige, Gumming, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Dowd> II, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edmundson,
Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer,
Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones,
J« Giancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt. Kerr, Kidwell,
Kurtz, Lamb. Latham, Lindsley, Macdonald, McDougall,
McNair, Macy, Maxwell, Mayall, John G. Miller, Smith
Miiler, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver.Orr, Packer, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbms, Rogers,
Ruffin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, WiJh&m R. j
Smith. George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard j
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Ilestor L. Stevens, |
Straub, David Stuart, John J.Taylor, Thurston, Trotir, j
Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, War- 1
ren, Wells, Westbrook, Witie, Daniel B. Wright, Hun- ;
drick B, Wright, and Zoliicoffer—123. 1
NAY9—Messrs. Ball, Behnett,.Benson, Campbell, Car-
penter, Crocker, Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickircsoay Ed-
mands, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridge, Farley. Fenton, Flag-
ler, Goodrich, Grow, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Howe,
Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Lyon, McCulloch, Matteson.,
Meachwm, Middleswarth", Morgan, Murray, Norton, Afn*-
dfew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, PriRglte,
Russell, Sa&fA,- Sage, Sapp, Sffomons, SR&Hon, S
Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G.Taylor,-Tracy* WatPe, Walley',
Ellihu B. Washbarne, Israe.l Washbufn, John WeiHtyOith,
Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—53.
So the second branch of the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr RICHARDSON moved to reconsider the
vote last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed
| to.
I Mr. HAVEN. Unless some other gentleman
! has more important business to offer just now, I
| move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at a quarter before six
o'clock, p. m., adjourned till to-morrow at tweke
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 16, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicek.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved-.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of Simon
Smith, a pensioner of the United States, praying-
to be allowed back pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Abigail Sanders, praying
to be allowed bounty land, as the widow of Jo-
seph Davis, a soldier m the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the memorial of Ithamer W. Beard,
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, Boston,
Massachusetts, praying that Congress authorize
the permanent employment of two clerks in his
office; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance. 1
Mr. MALLORY" presented the petition of Ste-
phen Michaels, praying to be allowed a pensioh
for diseases contracted while a soldier in the ser-
vice of the United States; which was. referred t6
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of A£a
Arnold, praying the renewal of his patent for A
machine called the " double speeder;" which waS
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington county, District of Columbia, and
of Washington city, residing on Maryland ave-
nue, east of the Capitol, praying that said avenue,
may be opened and graded, and that the turnpike
road, from the termination of that avenue to the
District line, may be made free from toll and re-
paired; which was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of J.
Lucas and others, watchmen employed in the
Navy Department, praying additional compensa-
tion for extra services rendered by them; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a recommendation of
the grand jury of the county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, for an enlargement of the City
Hall building for the necessary accommodation of
the several courts of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for the preservation of the
records of the said courts, including all the land
records, wills, and titles to real estate in said Dis-
trict; which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Also, a resolution of the City Council of Wash-
ington city, praying the erection of a new build-
ing, or such extension of the City Hall building,
as will provide an armory, and accommodations
for the criminal courts of the District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND RERERRED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
i Ordered, That Caty White, widow of William White,
have leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
