2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
is to be distributed over the whole coast of the
United States?
TheCHAiRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. SKELTON. Would it be in order to move
to amend that portion of the amendment proposed
to be stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to increase the ap-
propriation to $11,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have moved the amendment
with a view of presenting some facts to the com
mittee which I have learned in my examination
of the subject. There is an appropriation in the
light-house appropriation bill for the coasts ot
New Jersey and Long Island; but it does not
meet the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury by some §30,000. The life-boats located
on the coasts of New Jersey and Long Island
have been in use for six years, and the number of
lives saved by them during the last year was more
than two thousand seven hundred. The many
shipwrecks and disasters which have occurred on
our coasts of late loudly call for an extension ot
the life-boat system which has been so success-
fully begun. By it many lives and a large amount
of property have been saved. As I have said,
the appropriations do not meet the recommenda-
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury by some
$30,000. 1 think, since protection has been so
successfully afforded on the New Jersey and Long
Island coasts, that it should be extended to all the
other coasts of the country.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Is it in orderto
offer an amendment?
TheCHAiRMAN. Itisnot. Butthegentle-
man may oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey.
Mr. SKELTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend by increas-
ing the appropriation to $12,000. Mr. Chairman,
if I understand the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, it is to strike out the item of
#10,000 in the first clause of the Senate's amend-
ment, which will leave the #12,500, now provided
for Lake Michigan, to be distributed at his discre-
tion over the entire coast of the United States.
Mr. SKELTON. Except the coast of New
Jersey and Long Island ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. It will then give
only $12,500 for the Atlantic, Gulf, Pacific and
which gentlemen do, who reside on the Atlantic
coast, as to the necessity of the appropriation there,
but 1 do know the urgent necessity which exists
for this appropriation for life-boats for (lie coast
of Lake Michigan. Every year, sir, closes with
a record of the loss of thousands upon thousands
of property destroyed on the coasts of that lake.
A large amount of this property might be saved
by these surf-boats, which could reach and re-
move from stranded vessels, at least the money
and valuables, before they have gone to pieces.
But, sir, that is comparatively of trilling conse-
quence. Assuredly, the bills of mortality are
swelled with the names of scores of our best and
bravest seamen, who meet an untimely fate upon
that perilous sea. Sympathy and teais for their
misfortunes, sir, are the impulses of humanity;
but to provide such measures of safety as will
best protect them against a ler.urrence of such
misfortunes, is the duty of legislation; this is the
substantial aid and comfort they demand—this
they are entitled to—to do less is but to mock at
their calamity. Sir, a great proportion of these
valuable lives may be saved by this appropriation.
It is upon the coasts of this lake that the danger
is most imminent; and these life-boats properly
distributed, cannot but prove useful in rescuing
many a shipwrecked mariner from a watery
grave. Where is the man with the sensibilities
of humanity, who would not even himself, from
his private fortune, cheerfully pay the value of
any of these boats, if, in a moment of peril, he
could thus save a fellow man; and, sir, will this
committee, will the Congress of the United States,
withhold this trifling appropriation, pitiful and
email as it is, in the list of fifty odd millions of
dollars, which are to be expended by this Gov-
ernment for other purposes? And yet, more es-
Lake coasts of the United States. The Senate's j That is the usual appropriation which has been
amendment provides $]0,000 for the New England, Liade in all previous bills.
Orulf and Pacific coasts, and then adds $12,500 for ,,1 The amendment of the Senate reads as follows-
the coast of Lake Michigan. Now I cannot * „<■ •
i •. i , i . • 4 . . - . r i1 or lite boats and other moans of rendering assistance to
apeak with the certainty of statistical information, ^>..1.^.^11^10
peeially, shall it be withheld from the northwest,
an important region of the country, which, as yet,
has no share, even to the value of a single dime,
in this schedule of appropriations.
Sir, we have paid into the Treasury our full
proportion of the money and surplus which now
swells its coffers. It has been drawn from the
hard earnings of an industrious, virtuous, frugal,
and patriotic people; it has been paid without
grudge and without complaint; it has resulted in
fertilizing the barren hills of New England and the
eastern States, and we now claim only a small
share of what is our own, in common with other
portions of the Republic, not as mendicants at the
door of the Treasury, but as a right.
Mr. Chairman, there are few appropriations
proposed to Congress which are less exceptiona-
ble, or which promise greater good than this, and
I believe the generous emotions of the committee
will combine with their sense of justice and right,
and that the amendments of the Senate will be
agreed to.
[The committee here rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate by Mr. Dickins, their
Secretary, informing the House that they insisted
upon their disagreement to the amendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate (No. 388) entitled
" An act authorizing the extension of the Alexan-
dria and Washington railroad into the District of
Columbia," and agreed to the conference asked
by the House, upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the same, and have appointed
Mr. Bright, Mr. Todoey, and Mr. Fish, the
managers at the said conference on their part.]
Mr. HAVEN. I am desirous of bringing this
matter to a vote as soon as possible, but I am
fearful that the committee do not understand the
precise action of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I sympathize with my friend from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] m reference to all he says
about the Northwest, so far as that matter is
concerned. He concedes that an appropriation of
$12,500 for that section of the country is made.
There is no complaint m reference to that, but the
only complaint is in reference to striking out the
first portion of ihe amendment.
The text of the bill was as follows:
" For life-boats and other means of rendering assistance to
wrecked mariners and others on the coast of the United
States, $10,000."
other means of rendering assistance to
shipwrecked mariner* and others on the coasfofthe United
States, to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, $10,000."
I suppose that appropriation would apply to the
Northwest coast as much as it would apply to
the Atlantic.
Mr. STUART. But. if that Senate clause is
stricken out, the $12,500 now appropriated for the
l<ike coast will have to bedivi^ed between the lake
coast and the Atlantic sea-board.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well, sir. I see that, so
far as the gentleman from Michigan is concerned,
1 am understood so far. Now, let me finish, and
I will answer him. Here is the life-boat appro-
priation in the text, which has always been in
i previous bills of this character. We have appro-
i priated $10,000 m the light-house bill, which has
j gone to the other House, and which relieves the
: Treasury of any application for the New Jersey
| coast, and leaves the rest to be applied to Massa-
I chusetts and elsewhere.
J 1 now come to the remarks of the gentleman
j from Michigan. We have already, as I said,
passed an appropriation of $10,000 for the New
| Jersey coast. Now, the proposition is, to add to
■ the sum already appropriated $12,500. and to
| limit the expenditure m the way I have pointed
j out. The amendment says nothing about any par-
j ticular coast at which the boats are to be located,
] but it is simply for the purpose of rescuing lives
! in danger from shipwreck. For this purpose, it
proposes to appropriate $12,500 for boats, to be
! located at such points as shall be designated by
i the Secretary of the Treasury.
j Now, m lieu of designating any particular
! points, my amendment proposes to strike out
j these places that have been mentioned in the Sen-
ate's amendment, and leave it all to the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Why should
we not do that ? Why should we go into partic-
ular details? How do we know that there are
men at the places pointed out here, who are ready
to obtain and take care of the boats? Ifwewanted
to go into particularities in legislaticfn, why do we
not say to the Secretary of the Treasury that the
boats are .to be so many feet Jong, and so many
feet wide, and haveso many oars ? But no. We
furnish these boats, and then let the Secretary of
the Treasury, on the application of proper men,
and without additional expense to the Treasufy,
locate them at certain places and points, when
proper application has been made for them.
If the committee understand me, I am done, and
cannot be drawn into saying another word about
this matter, unless it becomes necessary.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I have one word
to say 
TheCHAiRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STUART. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York one single question.- That is:
whether he proposes to keep this appropriation
of $12,500 to Lake Michigan ?
Mr. HAVEN. I understand that it is pro-
posed to be appropriated by the Secretary of the
Treasury to the western and northwestern lakes;
and, therefore, the term " coast" is not used.
Mr. STUART. This restricts it to LakeMich-
igan 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Further
debate is not in order.
Mr. STUART, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WALLEY. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding $100 to the amount.
I am sure, Mr."Chairman, that if the commit-
tee understood this matter, they would agree with
me in opposing this amendment—that is, they
would retain and concur in all this first branch of
the Senate's amendment. But the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] says that heretofore there
has been a general appropriation for this purpose,
and that now we ask for specific appropriations.
Oh, yes, sir; and the committee have granted it.
They have granted a specific appropriation at the
instance of my friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Skelton.] They granted a specific appropriation
of $10,000 in respect to the claims of New Jersey
and Long Island. The gentleman from New
York supported it, and the committee of the House
granted the appropriation; and they were right,
for the New Jersey coast was entitled to it.
Now, Massachusetts comes forward and makes
out a case fora similar appropriation, not for Bos-
ton or for her coast, but for the whole coast. We
do not want it for Bostonians merely, or for the
people of Massachusetts merely, but we want it
for the benefit of the mercantile service. We want
it because it is needed by the Navy, and because
we have no means to meet the demands made upon
us for protection along our rocky coast. Why,
sir, the $10,000 have been appropriated heretofore,
and this year we have added to it. Added how?
Added to it because we have made a like appro-
priation for theWest,and another for New Jersey.
And now, when a case is made out iff Massachu-
setts, my friend from New York shuts his eyes
and ears, and says do no more. This action does
not contrast well with the action of England upon
the subject. The Northumberland life-boat report
states:
" In England and Wales, with a sea-board of fiv£ thousands
, miles, there are seventy five life-boats, forty-five of which
are on the east coast, from five to ten miles apart. The
lite-boats of Liverpool alone have landed, daring the lass
eleven years, one thousand one hundred and twenty-eight
persons. There are seventy-three stations furnished wilh
rockets; thirty of which have mortals, and forty-one of
I which have rockets and mortars, at the expense of the
• Government. At twenty two stations two hundred and
fourteen lives have been saved by mortars and rockets, be-
■ sides several cicws near Yarmouth, and many lives at
; eight other stations, where no account has been kept of the
| number. Fifty-five persons on the coast of Yorkshire have
I been saved by Cartes's rocket apparatus, and by means of
I the Mife-belt' and buoy four hundred and sixty persons ifl
| twelve years."
j Now, what 1 ask is, not that this appropriation
j be given to Massachusetts, or to any Massachu-
| setts merchant or any association of Massachu-
setts, but 1 say it is pennywise and poundfoolish,
when, as the gentleman from Michigan says, you
spend millions upon millions, and will not trust
! your own Secretary with $10,000 when a case is
! rnefle out where life can be saved and suffering
i prevented upon the Atlantic coast. It is not for
