1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
Massachusetts alone. We do not ask for it. You;
have given $30,000 for New Jersey and the Long j
Islam", cosst, and why will you not give £20,000 :
for general purposes along the coast?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mich- I
igan and the gentleman from Massachusetts use !
a very singular mode of argument, I think, in j
their advocacy of this proposition. They say we ]
are^spending large amounts of money. That is |
true, and it is just what I have been trying to !
prevent. But whenever these propositions come
up for a vote, the gentleman from Massachusetts
is found passing through the tellers in favor of
them; and my friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
has been very deep m that kind of work himself.
And when they are themselves assisting to force
those large amendments through the House and
the committee, with what sort of grace can they
come and chide us for our efforts to restrain them
in particular cases5 if gentlemen would only
keep their own skirts tlear, I would receive a lec-
ture from them upon the expenditures of theGov-
ernrnent; but as they continue to vote for these
large, and, as I think, unnecessary appropria-
tions, it does not become them to say that we are
appropriating large amounts.
Mr. WALLEY. I wish to say that I give
every vote here conscientiously and discriminating-
ly. At the same time that the gentleman votes for
$10,000,000, [ v(?te against it, and then I ask him
to vote for £10,000, and he refuses because of its
extravagance.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is welcome
to refer to the $10,000,000 vote; but I do not
think it is more to his credit to have voted against
it, than to mine to have voted the other way. I am
satisfied with that vote, if the gentleman is, and
I leave that matter to his own conscience and to
his sense of responsibility to the country. But
the gentleman says he votes upon his conscience.
That ihat is true 1 have no doubt, and if he does
vote upon his conscience, why does he come here
-and throw it in the face of this House that these
appropriations are extravagantly made, when he
himself is one of the leading members of this
House v/ho make these appropriations.
Now, in reference to this particular appropria-
tion, the case is this: heretofore we have been in
the habit of appropriating $10,000 for tins pui pose.
That is the usual appropriation, but in some
cases a specific amount has been given for the
protection of the New Jersey coast. Now, after
we have made the usual appropriation of £10,000,
and have given also $10,000 to the New Jersey
coast, we propose to add $12,500 for the lake
coast. And 1 ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts why, when the sum of §10,000 which
has heretofore been appropiated has proved suffi-
cient for the whole of the United States, it is
necessary now to appropriate $10,000 for the
New Jersey coast, $12,500 for the lake coast, and
§25,000 for the balance of the coast.
Mr. WALLEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I move to in-
crease the appropriation $5,000.*
Mr. Chairman, the impression seems to have
been created upon the minds of some of the mem-
bers of the committee, that in the remarks I
before made upon this amendment, I reflected upon
the action of the House for voting the large ap-
propriations which have been made by this Con-
gress. Sir, if 1 have voted erroneously upon any
questions which have been up forouraction here-
tofore, the record will convict me. I shall not
seek to evade any share of responsibility which
attaches to those votes. [ must, however, re-
spectfully remind the distinguished gentleman from
Alabama, that, whether T have voted ri^ht or
wrong, I have followed his lead, upon nearly
every question which has been submitted to the
House, from the opening of the session to this
day—including the Nebraska-Kansas bill. I have
been willing to support him, sir, m some of (what
I regarded, and still regard) his abstract and im-
material views upon subjects in which I conceive
nobody, and nobody's interest, is very seriously
involved, (unless it be a class of politicians whose
sole stock in trade is agitation,) in the hope,_vam
though it has proved, that when sober, serious,
and substantial interests, in which my constitu-
ents and State had a stake, and were concerned,
might come up for consideration, he, too, would
toe the mark, and " render unto Cicsar the things I
which are Cajsar's." j
Now, the gentleman complains that to-day I j
have been falling from grace, and that 1 am voting '
" all wrong." Sir, 1 plead guilty to the charge of
deserting the gentleman, much as I esteem him,
and regret the necessity which makes me part
company with so agreeable an associate and so
reliable a voter, but when I found to-day the same
parsimonious course which has heretofore char-
acterized the Committee of Ways and Means, in
reference to appropriations for my section of the
country persisted in, I was compelled to abandon j
his lead, and follow that of my friends, who are ;
seeking to secure appropriations for works which :
the Ways and Means stigmatize as " works of!
! internal improvement," but which I believe to be '
j both constitutional and necessary, and which are !
| intimately connected with the material interests of j
! the constituency J am honoreu with representing. |j
j 1 admit, sir, that I have been laboring, and voting ij
1 with these friends (some of them new ones, it is
i true, so far as voting and political associations j!
go) for the appropriations for rivers and harbors,
custom-houses, and marine hospitals. To be \\
specially obnoxious to censure by the enemies of ]
these works indirectly, to be complimented for ]
some supposed efficient service in their favor. |
And now, sir, let me say to my friend from
Buffalo, [Mr. Haven,] that this appropriation, j!
though it pui ports to be for the peculiar benefit of ,|
my State, and the other States bordering on Lake !,
Michigan, m point of fact is of far more value j!
and importance to the city of Buffalo, winch the j!
gentleman represents, than it is to my Slate. Sir, b
a large proportion (how large I cannot estimate, i
but i should judge one third) of the commerce !
and the vessels on Lake Michigan is owned in |
that wealthy and flourishing city, which the gen- j
tleman represents so ably. The seamen, shipped
aboard these vessels, many of whom, with each
returning season, are recorded among the host who
have been swallowed in the surging billows of
Lake Michigan, are of the gentleman's own con-
stituency. It is for the protection of the lives of
the men of his own city, and of the property of
his merchants, that this appropriation of $12,500
has been proposed and adopted by the Senate.
The gentleman says " iheintention was "—u the
understanding was "—" that this appropriation of
$12,500 was to go forthe benefit of the lake coast." ;j
Ay, sir; but that " understanding" does not ap- h
pear upon the record in the amendmentas offered !,
by the gentleman from New York. Sir, it is j,
Jesuitism—it is just of a piece with the Jesuitism ||
which I think i have seen at work to deprive the ij
northwest of its due share of interest in this 'j
Government. The amendment of the gentleman j;
from New York amounts to this, precisely, and j
no more. Ali 1 ask is that it may be properly ;j
understood and heeded by gentlemen whose in-!;
terests, and the interests of whose constituents, H
are at stake in this matter—it is to stnke out the jl
$10,U00, and to leave the $12,500 for the Atlantic, j
GulJ, Pacific, at id Lake coasts. j!
[Here the hammer fell.] I]
Mr. HAVEN. I desire that the committee
will now vote on the question. I feel as strongly ij
for the interests of northern commerce as any 1
gentleman here.
The question was taken; and the amendment !
was voted down.
The question then recurred on the first branch ^
of the Senate's amendment. j1
Mr. WALLEY. 1 demand tellers. i
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Washburn, !|
of Maine, and Maxwell, were appointed. ,,
The question was taken; and the first portion
of the Senate amendment was concurred in, the ^
tellers having reported—ayes 68,noes not counted.
The question then recurred on Mr. Havcn's -
amendment to the latter portion of the Senate ■
amendment.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I demand tellers. 1
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and Mr. Haven's
amendment was rejected.
The latter portion of the Senate amendment |
was then concurred in: ,]
One hundred and fifteenth amendment:
Strike out in lino one thousand four hundred and eight, 1
p< i Annum. ami m?ett in lieu tiieroot,
•' .S'J'OO per atiuuin each, $21,600^oasto make thedau e >
lead: ''
Foi salaries of fifteen keepers ami fwulve assistants, at
an average not exc^primg $£00 per annum each, $21,600.
Mr. STEPHENS* of Georgia. The commit-
tee recommenrf a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and sixteenth amendment:
For completing the lialit-houses on the coast of Califor-
nia and Oregon, the sura of $59,434: Provided, That it
fhall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the contractors for building the light-house oji Point Lema,
near San Diego^ what the same is reasonably worth.
Mr. STEPHENS. The committee recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and seventeenth amendment:
Provided, That the salaues of the Ministers to Great
Britain and France shall be hereafter at the rate of $15,000
per annum ; and that hereafter outfits of Ministers to Gieat
Britain and France shall not be allowed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighteenth amendment:
For salary of a clerk to the United States legation at
Fans, $500.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer the following-
amendment, to come in at the end of this clause:
And the Secietaiy of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
dm-otod to pay out of any moneys iri the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to the iate acting charge d'affaires
of the United f^t.Ues at Pans, rue sum of $6,223 82, it being
the amount ol the difference between the salary received
by him as secretary of legation at Pans, from the 14th day
of May, 1853, to the 23d day of January, 1854, and the sal-
ary ol a ehaigfc d'afTam s ioi the same peuudptogether with
the tibial outfit of a charge d'affaires. And for necessary
clerk hire during lour years, paid by him while secretary of
legation at Pans, the further sum oi $1,17U 63.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no law authorizing that
amendment. If theie is any claim, it is a private
claim, and it has 110 place in an appropriation bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the Chair decides this,
question out of order, I shall feel bound to takean.
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I hope
gentlemen of the committee will hear me while I
offer a word of explanation jn regard to this mat-
ter. If thfs amendment is ruled out of order, it
will be the first time, since I have been a member
here, that an appropriation of this kind has been
refused. It comes from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. There has been a report made upon,
itin theSenate. Appropriations of this kind were
submitted as amendments last year, and I hope
that the amendment I have offered now will be
considered in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 feel bound to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
The Senate amendment was then non-concurred
in.
One hundred and nineteenth amendment:
For outfit oi the Commissioner to the Sandwich IsK
ands, $2,500.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twentieth amendment:
Pflt;e sixty one. line one thousand four hundred and
seventy-seven, after the word " seamen," add the words
"and seamen belonging to American vessels."
The clause, as amended, reads:
Foi the relief and protection of American seamen, and
«e;imen belonging to American vessels m foreign countries,
£125,000.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-first amendment:
Add to the foregoing clause the following woids:
And to enable the diplomatic and consuSai representa-
tives of the United States in foreign countries, to atford
lehef to, and provide the means of returning home, tosuch
citizens oi the United State-, m foreign countries, as may
have been reduced to a fetete of destitution of the necessa-
ries, oi life, by nhipwieck or the uecessaty abandonment of
the vessel in which they embarked ; and al*o to such citi-
zens of file United States as being on ilieir way from one
part of the United Stales tn another, have become destitute
m foreign countries m coi^equcrice otbiupwreck, disease,
or any other cu&uaitj, .^0,000.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
