1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
rather speak in the morning. If, however, I am
to be postponed even until the day after to-mor-
row, I should prefer speaking this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
row before the Senate i& on the motion to post-
pone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, t understand that the
Chair has decided that the proposition'which I
made to amend the motion is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not an amendable motion. If the Sen-
ate vote down this proposition, the Senator from
Arkansas may make his.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I shall vote in the
negative on this motion, with a view of afterwards
moving to postpone the further consideration of
the subject until the day after to-morrow.
Mr. CA*$S. I think it would be better to pur-
sue the course suggested by the Senator from
Arkansas, and let us go on with the Indian bill
to-morrow, if we can dispose of it.- The delay
of a day is not to be compared with the import-
ance of the necessary investigation.
Mr HUNTER. If we take that course, I
hope it will be with the understanding that when
the Indian appropriation bill shall come up, we
shall go through with it, and be prepared to take
a week on it, if we commence. The amendments
which I understand are coming in from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs ate not going to be de-
cided in a day.
Mr. BADGER. I hope we can get through
with the bill to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. If we do take up the Indian ap-
propriation bill, it will still be in the power of the
Senate at any time to lay that aside, and take up
this bill, if they choose.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken, I
should like to know whether it is the understand-
ing of the Senate, that on the day after to-morrow
we are to adjourn over, for the purpose of putting
the Chamber in order? I have heard some talk
of that sort.
Mr. HUNTER. I hardly think there will be
any such motion made to-morrow. I hope not.
There ought to be some notice of such an adjourn-
ment given beforehand, so that Senators who de-
sire to go home may be able to do so.
Mr. BROWN. As I said before, I am willing
to speak this evening, or to-moirow; or even if the
subject be postponed until the next day, I shall
not object; but 1 do not wish to have it postponed
longer than that.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to mention, as
(he occupant of the Chair cannot make the expla-
nation, that it was suggested a few days ago, at
the instance of the gentleman who now occupies
the chair, [Mr. Stuart,] with a view to his ac-
commodation, that an anangement of the kind
alluded to should be made for adjourning over
from Thursday, but changes have taken place
which render that no longer necessary, and render
it proper thai that motion should be postponed for
another week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
bill until to-morrow.
The question being taken, it was found that no
quorum voted.
Mr. SLID ELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BADGER. That motion cannot be made
until we have disposed of the pending bill. The
question before the Senate is on postponing the
further consideration of that hill until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
thinks no question can be taken, so long as there
is not a quorum present.
Mr. BADGER. But if the Chair will put the
question again, 1 think a quorum would beshown.
The PRESIDING OFFICER again put the
question; and there were—ayes 9, noes 20; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WELLER. As there is no quorum present,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 1G, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. RICHARDSON took the floor.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from Illi-
; nois yield me the floor for a single moment, to
' present some resolutions from my State?
Mr. RICHARDSON assented.
Mr. BANKS then, by unanimous consent of
the House, presented certain resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts.
1. Resolves concerning theMassachusetts claims.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
2. Resolves in relation to the preservation of
Cape Cod harbor. Laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
3. Resolves in relation to officers, soldiers, and
others who served in the war of 1812. Laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RICHARDSON resumed the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to withdraw the resolution offered by me some
days ago, and modified on yesterday morning, in
relation to the termination of the debate on the
Nebraska and Kansas bill. I mean the first reso-
lution introduced by me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has a right to withdraw his resolution.
it was accordingly Withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
! is the consideiation of House bill No. 102, grant-
i ing lands equally to the several States to aid in
, the construction of railroads and the support of
| schools. The pending motion is to recommit this
' bill to the Committee on Public Lands; and the
| gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] is
, entitled to the floor.
I SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
| Mr. RICHARDSON. I now move that the
| rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
i itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
I of the Union.
! The SPEAKER. That motion is m order,
| unless the gentleman from Maryland should insist
j on his right to the floor.
; Mr. HAMILTON. If it is the disposition of
! the House to go into committee, I will not throw
! any obstacles m the way of its doing so.
j Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous con-
! sent of the House to withdraw from the files the
; papers in the case of Rachel Moore, being on a
petition for pension, th^t they may be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The SPEAKER. It does not require unani-
mous consent. It can be done, under the rule,
at the Clerk's table; and the papers will be with-
drawn and lefeired according to request.
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House-to withdraw the papers in the case
of T. H. McManus from the files of the House.
Mr. COBB. For what purpose?
Mr. DUNBAR. For the purpose of reference
in the Senate.
No objection being made, the request was
granted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the consent of the House j
to allow me to conecta statement which I have
just read m the Globe of this morning. I desire !
to state here publicly, that the statement in the I
Globe of this morning, in respect to what oc- i
curred yesterday, is untrue, as far as my knovvl- :
edge goes, and as far as I am informed by my j
friends. The statements which I have read in |
the other papers are substantially true.* i
* The proprietor of the Globe tlnnks it proper for turn to j
state here that when there is contusion in the House, and i
many members are on their feet, the Reporters for the Globe, i
who are inside the bar of the House, on the floor with the 1
members, cannot hear so well as those in the galleries, or at
desks outside the bar, above the floor of the House.
The resolution under which the Globe report* the debates
say? they " shall be subject to the revision of the speakers."
Mr. CRAIGE. In regard to the statement of
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Hunt,] I
will say, that in reference to anything which I
said on yesterday, my remarks are substantially
reported in the Globe. What he said I did not
distinctly hear or understand, and I do not, there-
fore, undertake to say what he did say. What I
said is substantially reported in the Globe, and by
that I am willing to stand.
Mr. HUNT. One word in reply. I branded
the statement made by the gentleman yesterday,
and the brand still remains hissing.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" from all parts of
the Hall.]
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman cannot strut
into a scrape with me, and sneak out of it in that
way.
[Renewed cries of "Order ! "all over the House.]
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Order being restored, and the question recurring
upon the motion of Mr. Richardson, it was put;
and decided in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When thecommittee was
last in session, it had under consideration House
bill (No. 236) for the organization of the Territo-
ries of Nebraska and Kansas; and upon that
question the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Max-
well] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL, in rising to address the
committee, alluded to the exciting scenes through
which the House has just passed. * Whether the"
movements were factious or not, he would leave
the country to determine by the record. He ex-
pressed the hope that the efforts which may here-
after be made, as in the past, to defeat the pur-
poses of the House and mislead the people, will be
in vain, and fail.
The bill now under consideration seeks to de-
clare the Missouri law inoperative and void; it
contains no startling or extravagant features; it
does not aim to Interfere with any man's rights
or privileges; it imposes no limitation on the
liberty of any human being. The proposition
relative to the Missouri law does not claim the
force of legislation; the whole object is to wipe
out a restriction made without the authority of
right, and which interferes with the constitutional
Mr. Hunt did not avail himself of this privilege. On a
former similar occasion he refused to revise his remarks,
and it was thought not worth while to show them to him in
this case Mr. Craige, through a friend, a member, changed
one sentence of his remarks. As taken down by a Reporter
of the Globe, it read :
"Mr. Cr.uge. I did say that the gentleman was a fac-
tiomst, and I now repeat it."
It was altered by Mr. Uraige to read :
" If the gentleman desires to bully the House, he shall
not do it. He shall not bully mo. 1 did say ho was a fac-
tiomst, and I now repeat it."
The remarks of both j/entJemon. as reported by the Na-
tional Intelligencer, follow:
Mr. RfCHARI)£?ON then submitted hi"! resolution as
modified, and upon it demanded the previous question.
Mr. SAGE moved to lay the resolution on the table, upon
which motion he demanded the yeas and nayp.
Mr. HUNT. If the gentleman will allow me, T will pro-
pose an amendment to the resolution as to the time, which
will make it more batisfactory to the opponents of the bill.
fCrie* of " Hear him and " No !   < No !"J
Mr. CRAIGE and others-objected.
Mr. HUNT. Then the gentleman compels me reluctantly
to take a ground that I would not take 
[Loud cries, of " Order !'' u Order !"]
Mr. CRAIGE. f look upon the gentleman as acting with
faetionu>t^ 
[Renewed cries of " Order!" " Order 1"]
The question was then taken on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table; and it was decided in the negative
—yea* 6.5, nays 134. 9
Mr. lUJNT. I ask that J may be allowed to ask a ques-
tion, or to say one word by way of explanation of a matter
that concerns my feelings.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unanimous
consent.
[Cries of il Hear him 1" and objections.]
Mr. CRAIGE. X take the same ground that I took be-
fore 
[Shouts of " Order!" 11 Order!"]
Mr. HUiVT. If the gentleman stigmatizes ine as a fac-
tioniPt he speaks a falsehood.
[Vociferous shouts of " Order 2" and great confusion fol-
lowed, nearly every member standing ]
Mr. CRAIGE endeavored to be heard amid the din of the
many calls to order, hut all that could be heard was : " I
will exercise my rights, and will object to the gentleman as
soon as I would to anybody else."
