486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Michael Hanson be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and .referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones be
withdrawn from die files of the Senate.
RAILROAD GRANT TO LOUISIANA.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that Senate bill No. 8,
granting to the State of Louisiana the right of
way and a donation of public land for the pur-
pose of locating and constructing a railroad from
Shreveport to the Mississippi river was under
discussion a few days ago, and was postponed
until last Monday. It went over in favor of the
order of the day, the Nebraska bill. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take it up
with a view to its passage. The Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] I understand, is willing
to withdraw his proposed amendment to this par-
% ticular bill, which he had printed for the informa-
tion of the Senate. If the bill be passed to-day,
it can be reached in its regular order in the other
House; otherwise it cannot be reached. I move
that the bill be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. This bill has been re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands with
an amendment in the form of a substitute.
Mr. RUSK. As I see the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] is not in his seat, it is proper
I should say that I spoke to him in reference to
tfiis bill, stating to him the circumstances under
which it appeared before us; that though there j
is a grant of land for the road, there has been a
large amount of capital stock paid in. I mentioned
to him the circumstances, and he said it was im-
material to him whether he offered the amendment
to this bill or to any other bill. For the purpose
of allowing this bill to go on and seek us chance
in the House of Representatives, his amendment is
not offered to it. It was only submitted informally,
as intendedto be offered and submitted for the ac-
tion of the Senate.
The amendment of thecommittee was agreed to;
the bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
being read a third time, was passed.
RAILROAD GRANT TO WISCONSIN".
On the motion of Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill granting to the
State of Wisconsin land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Madison to the Mississippi
river, which had been reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, with an amendment.
Mr. GW1N. I hope the reading of the bill will
be dispensed with. The substitute reported from
the committee is of the same form as those which
have been acted upon.
By unanimous consent, the muling was dis-
pensed with.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amend-
ment was concurred in, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
GRANTS TO LOUISIANA AND MISSISSIPPI.
On the motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill making a grant of land to the
States of Louisiana and Mississippi to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said States,
which had been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the bill
was dispensed with.
The bill was reported to the Senate, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and was read
a third time, and passed.
GRANT OF LAND TO IOWA.
On the motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill making a grant of
land to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, which had been reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands with an amendment.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the bill
was dispensed with.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in; the bill was engrossed for a third
reading; and being read a third time, was passed.
GRANT OF LAND TO ALABAMA.
Mr. FOOT. While these railroad bills are being
taken into consideration, I have one which I desire
shall receive the action of the Senate. It is bill
No. 205, " making a grant of land to the State of
Alabama, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the line of Georgia,
on the Chatahoochie river, to the city of Mobile."
I move that the Senate proceed to its consideration.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to make a sugges-
tion on this subject. I understood the Senator
from Texas [Mi. Rusk] to say, that the honorable
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who has
an amendment to propose to these bills, and some
objections to offer to their passage, waived his
amendment and objection only with reference to
the Louisiana bill. If that is the fact, we are
wrong in passing these bills without hearing the
objections of the Senator from Delaware, and his
proposed amendment. I do not wish to interpose
any objections to these bills myself. I made my
speech against them at the last Congress; but I
think it is right, under the circumstances, that the
Senator from Delaware should be heard.
Mr. GWIN. It is very well known to the Sen-
ate that the amendment of the Senator from Del-
aware will not meet the approval of a majority of
this body. We have had a test question on that
point at the last Congress and at the present Con-
gress. 1 will state to the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania that some members of this body
occupy a peculiar position with regard to these
railroad bills. We shall be looked upon as having,
in some measure, neglected the interests of our
constituents, inasmuch as several bills of this
character have been passed, and ours have not
been acted upon at all. We have postponed the
consideration of these bills for two weeks already
to hear the Senator from Delaware. I am per-
fectly confident, that, with all the acknowledged
ability of the honorable Senator from Delaware,
he cannot change a single vote in reference to
these measures; and I do hope that'*those of us
who have sat by and aided our colleagues in get-
ting their own bills passed for their States, will
have an opportunity this morning to get ours
through. There will be plenty left behind for
testing the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on pass-
ing by the previous'orders and proceeding to the
consideration of the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Vermont,making a grant of land to the State
of Alabama, m alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the line of Georgia, on
the Clmttahoochie river, to the city of Mohile.
The motion was agreed to.
Air. FOOT. This bill is in the same form as
the other railroad bills which have been passed at
this session. The Senator from Alabama, how-
ever, desires to propose a slight amendment, to
which there is no objection.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I move to amend the
bill by inserting the words " for the construction
of said road within said State," so as to confine
the grant of lands to that portion of the road within
the State of Alabama.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
ALABAMA AND TENNESSEE RAILROAD
Mr. CLAY. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up at this time the bill granting to the
State of Alabama public lands, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of the Alabama and
Tennessee railroad, from Selma, on the Alabama
river, to the Tennessee river, at or near Gunter's
Landing; and also, the Memphis and Charleston
railroad, from Memphis, on the Mississippi, to
some point connecting with the Nashville, Chat-
tanooga, and Charleston railroad. I will state to
the Senate that this bill has twice passed this body,
but has been lost in the other House. It has been
reported back by the Committee on Public Lands
in the same form in which it was introduced; and
is, substantially, if not in word and letter, the
very bill which has already been twice passed by
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being proposed, it was
reported to theSenatewithoutamendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading,' was read a
third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill making a grant oi land to the State of
California to aid in the construction of railroads
from San Francisco to San Jose ; Benicia to Ma-
rysville ; Sacramento City, via Auburn, to Nevada
City, and Stockton to Sonora, which had been re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands, with
an amendment, as a substitute, in the usual form.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment is the usual form
of the bills which have been passed at this session,
and there is no necessity for reading it.
The reading of the amendment was dispensed
with.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended; and the
amendment was concurred in; the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; was read a
third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Mallory,] has been called
home by sickness in his family. Before he left,
he requested me to call up a bill which" had been
introduced by him, and reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, giving a right of way
and granting alternate sections of certain public
lands to the State of Florida, to further the con-
struction of certain railroads therein specified. In
accordance with his request, I now move that the
Senate take up that bill. It has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, with an
' amendment or substitute in the usual form. I
j wish to move some further amendments, by di-
j rection of the committee, and to ask for the pas-
! sage of the bill.
| The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
j ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
! Whole.
! Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
| ment of the committee by striking out in the first
! section of the substitute the words " on the St.
! John's river,"and also to strike out44 Appalachi-
j cola" and insert "St. Andrew's bay," and insert
i also, after the words "Tampa bay'* the words
i "and from Pensacola on a point between the
j boundary line of Florida and Alabama;" so that
; the grant shall be, " for the purpose of aiding in
| the construction of a railroad from Pensacola, in
: the said State, to Jacksonville, or some point near
thereto, with branches to the waters of the Gulf
of Mexico, one of which shall terminate at St.
Andrew's bay, and one at Tampa bay, and from
Pensacola on a point between the boundary line of
Florida and Alabama.' " &c.
The amendments were agreed to; the amend-
ment of the committee as amended was agreed to;
and the bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded , as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the State of Arkansas, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from a point on the
Mississippi, in the region of Gaines's Landing, via
Camden, to-the Texas boundary, near Fulton,
in Arkansas, which had been reported from the
Committee on Public Lands with an amendment,
as a substitute, in the usual form.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in; the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; was read a third time,
and passed.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. DAWSON. I perceive that the gentlemen
from the new States are in very fine temper after
having got their railroad bills through. I never
