2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
One hundred arid twenty-second amendment:
Page sixty one, line one thousand four hundred and
ninety-four, strike out the words " for salary of the consul
at Beirout, §500," and insert in Jieu thereof the following:
That the consul at Beirout, Syria, is 4?^reby created a
consul general, with a salary of$2,000 per annum, from the
1st of July, 1853 j said consulate shall comprehend both
Syria and Palestine, and $4,000 is hereby appropriated for
the salary of said consal.
.Mr.'HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with the following amendment:
In line one thousand four hundred and- ninety-seven,
after the word " annum," strike out the words " from the
J*t of July, 1853," and in the one thousand four hundred
and ninety ninth line, strikeout the word " four," and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word u two."
The amendment, if amended - would readr
That the consul at Beiront, Svria, is hereby created" a
consul general, with a salary ol§2,000 per annum; said con-
sulate shall comprehend both Syria and Palestine, and
$2,000 is hereby appropriated for the salary of said consul.
Mr. PERKINS. I propose to modify that
amendment. Strike out the word (i general," after
consul, and leave the office still a simple consulate,
with the salary proposed. This will be in agree-
ment with the report made this morning by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, fixing the salary
of that consulate at $2,000, and abolishing the
consul generalship.
Mr. HAVEN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Louisiana, that as the bill proposed by
him this morning is not yet a law, we had better
keep this amendment till it passes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I agree to modify theamend-
ment as suggested by the gentleman from Louisi-
ana. r
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment, as modified, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amendment,
as amended; and it was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-third amendment:
0Por payment to Blytho and Company, of Port Louis, in
the Island of Mauritius, the sum ot $7,854 50, it being the
.amount of two bills of pxehanjje drawn upon the Depart-
ment ©f Stain by (Jeorge M. Kariinm, commercial agent, rra
payment of etpen-es incurred in relieving destitute Ameri-
can citizens, winch drafts were cashed by said Blythe and
Company.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-fourth amendment:
Page sixty-two, line fifteen hundred and ten, insert the
following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury audit and settle the
accounts of Robert C. Sehenck, late Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to Brazil,
aod John S. Pendleton, late Chargd d'Affaires of the United
States to the Argentine Confederation, for additional com-
pensation, and for expenses incurred by them in the per-
formance ofspecial services not pertaining to their respective
missions, and ai points distant from those to which ttoey
were originally accredited, in compliance with instructions
from the Department of State. In settling winch accounts
the certificate of the parties shall be regarded as sufficient
evidence as to tbe amount of e\penxe incurred, where no
regular voucher can bo produced. And a compensation
al the rate of twenty-five dollar* per diem shall h« allowed
to each of them for the time they were so employed, to be
paid out of any money in the Tieaffury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment of the Senate, with an amendment:
After the words, " Argentine Confederation," in the fif-
teen hundi'-d and fourteenth line, stnke out the words
"for additional compensation and," and alter the word
i{ produced," in hue fifteen hundred and twenty two, strike
out the word-; u and a compensation at the rate of twenty-
five dollars per diem shall be allowed to each of them for
the tune they were s o employed," so as to make the Senate
ainentfijjpjit., if so amended, read:
That tiie Secretary of the Treasury audit and settle the
accounts of Robert C. Seheuck, late Envoy Extraordinary
and MmisterPlempotentiary of the United States to Brazil,
*nd John S. Pendleton, late Char^d'Alfairesof the United
folates to the Argentine Confederation, for expenses incurred
fry them in the performance of special services not per-
lajiung io their respective missions, and at points- distant
irom those to which they vveie originally accredited, in
conjpUawftc w,il, instructions from the Department of
state, in seuhjig which accounts tbe certificate of the
parties shall be regarded as sufficient evidence as to the
amount ot expense incurred, where no legulat voucher can
be produced, i o be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated. '
Mr. SOLLERS. I desire to hear from some
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
an explanation of the reasons of that amendment, jj
Mr. HlBbAKD. The explanation is brief, I I
suppose. _ An additional compensation for Mr. '
Sch.enck is asked for upon the ground that he per- I
lormeti other duties than those which originally j=
devolved upon him by the terms of his original
commission. The Senate propose to give him
double pay for his services—the same pay, if 1
recollect right, that he would have received had
he, during that time, been acting as a regular
minister, ft was the opinion of a majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means that an amend-
ment which should leave to this officer, so acting,
his original pay for the whole time, and then for the
duties which he was subsequently called upon to
perform at another place, should pay him for his
time and expenses, would be a fair provision.
And that is the amendment.
Mr. SOLLERS. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New Hampshire to say that the only
compensation he asks for, is pay for the time and
expenses he incurred in the performance of the
additional duties, and that all the committee pro-
pose to allow him is his expenses?
Mr. HIBBARD. That is our amendment.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. HIBBARD. The amendmentof the Sen-
ate will show what the gentleman asked for. By
looking at it, the gentleman from Maryland will
understand its provisions. Our amendment pro-
poses to pay him for the whole time at the rate
allowed by law for the commission; and it fur-
ther provides for paying him for his expenses.
Under th« amendment he would have pay for full
time and all his expenses.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I well under-
stand this amendment; and, perhaps, gentlemen
will better understand it after hearing me. The
amendmentof the CommitteeofWaysand Means
is to allow these gentlemen their expenses and
nothing else. That is what the amendment is.
They so amend the Senate amendment as to allow
them their simple expenses and nothing else.
While Mr. Schenck was at Rio, a proposition
was made by the French Government and the
English Government to make joint treaties with
two distant governments—far distant. The prop-
osition mu accepted by our Government, and
these gentlemen were appointed as its agents to go
to these distant countries. They went and nego-
i tiated two important treaties which have since
I been confirmed by the President and by the Sen-
j ate. They rendered notonly an important service,
I but a very acceptable service to the United States.
] They asked as compensation for their services,
the outfit of a minister; and they asked what I
assert, it has been the universal practice of this
Government to grant for similarservices. I state
to this committee that no gentleman here can point
me toan instanceof the kind, wherea minister has
been detached from his post and detailed to per-
form a service similar to that performed by these
gentlemen, where that compensation has not been
allowed.
Mr. KERR. I would sTiggest that during the
present session, we have made the same allowance
to William Bosnian Kerr, for the performance of
' similar services.
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly it hasbeen made
during the present session. But for the perform-
ance of this service the Senate agreed to allow to
Mr. Schenck and Mr. Pendleton a compensation
of twenty-five dollars per day, which is a pro rata
allowance upon the salary of a minister. That
amendment has come to this House, and our
Committee of Ways and Means propose to strike
\ out even that allowance. Sir, it seems to me the
: least we can do is, to concur with the Senate
I amendment, and, in my opinion, that would come
far short of doing justice to those gentlemen.
The action of the Senate is in opposition to the
heretofore universal practice of the Government;
but at this late period of the session, rather than
to disagree to their action, I am willing to accede
to their proposal, and grant these gentlemen this
pro rata allowance.
But the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to strike out the proposition of the Senate,
and simply allow these gentlemen for their actual
expenses. Sir, I appeal to the committee—I ap-
peal to every American—is it honorable ? Is it
risjht that your foreign ministers, men of position,
men appointed to carry the ensign of the Republic
to foreign nations, should be dismissed under
circumstances lilfe these with their expenses ? I
repeat, sir, that I should have preferred to have
followed the practice of the Government from the
beginning, which has been ,a® I haye stated. But
inasmuch as the Senate have deviated from that
practice, and have agreed to give them a reason-
able compensation, I shall vote to concur in their
proposition, and give these gentlemen a per diem
compensation equal pro rata to the salary of a
minister, and 1 hope the House will concur in that
proposition, and not dismiss these gentlemen with
merely their expenses, as is proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Georgia whether, if the amendment
of the Senate be adopted, these gentlemen willnot
be paid not only for the performance of this ad-
ditional service, but at the same time, receive their
salaries under the original missions to which they
were appointed ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly.
Mr. HIBBARD. And will they not thus re-
ceive pay for the performance of duties which,
they could not perform? The Committee of
Ways and Means proposed to pay them the salary
of minister, the same they -would have received
as ministers if they had not been detached, and in
addition, to pay all their expenses consequent upon
the performance of their additional duties.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 ask the gentleman
whether it is not true that Mr. Adams, when he
was Minister to Russia, and was invited to become
one of the commissioners to negotiate the treaty
of Ghent, did not receve his outfit as minister? 1
ask whether Mr. Clay as another of the commis-
sioners to negotiate the same treaty, did not re-
ceive the outfit of a ministei? I ask whether Mr.
Pinckney did not receive the same outfit for the
performance of a similar service?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means was re-
jected , there being, on a division—ayes 53, noes 68.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in, there being, on a di-
vision—ayes 79, noes 52.
One hundred and twenty-fifth amemdment:
For expenses which may be incurred in acknowledging
the services of the masters and crews of foreign vessels in
re=nung citizens and vessels of the United States fronj
shipwreck, $5,000: jProvided, That the sarae shall he ex-
pended under the direction of the President of the United
States.
Mr. IIAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-sixth amendment:
For the purchase of blank boofts, stationery, arms of the
United 8lates, presses, and flags, and for the payment ot"
postages l'or the consuls of the United States, §10,000.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
! One hundred and twenty-seventh amendments
[ To enable the Secretary of State to defray the expense of
releasing troin captivity among the Indians of Queen Char-
lotte's Island the crew and passengers of the American
sloop Georgiana, &-2,500, or so mach thereof as may be
necessary.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment, with-an amendment to stnke.out
" $2,500," and in lieu thereof to insert "$15,00*0."
The object is to cover all the expenses incurred
in rescuing twenty-seven American citizens from
captivity in Ctueen Charlotte's Island.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means was agreed
to; and then the Senate amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-eighth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to reimburse to Edward
Riddle such -sums as shall be satisfactorily shuwn to have
been expended by him, or winch said Riddle may have
obligated himself to pay, on aeeount ot his official position
at the industrial Exhibition at London. Kngland, or so
much theieof as shall be necessary, ■i-26,000: Provided,
Tiiat no portion of the payments made, pro rata, by con-
tributors at said exhibition shall be regaidedaswitlnnthis
appropiiation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to strike
out that amendment. I make this motion because
I know of no authority that any person had to
confer upon Edward Riddle, "official position "as
commissioner to the Industrial Exhibition at
London. I do not wish to argue the merits of the
case, but I desire to say this, if he was sent there
