1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
saw them with more smiling faces in all my life.
In this state of things, I will now move, with the
consent of my friend from Vermont, that we take
up and pass the bill for the benefit of the indigent
insane of the old States, and of the new States—
the bill usually known as Miss Dix's bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will unite with the gentle-
man in going for the bill myself, though I know
some gentlemen from the new States think it ought
not to be passed.
Several Senators. Let us take it up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the bill leads to debate, I
must object to its interfering with the order of the
day.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
Georgia, that I have a slight amendment to propose
to the bill; but I am willing to allow it to be brought
up to-morrow morning, and put upon its passage.
In five minutes the hour for the consideration of
the special order will have arrived, and I do not
think we can pass this bill in that time. I shall be
ready to propose my amendment to-morrow morn-
ing, and the bill can then be passed at once.
Mr. DAWSON. All I wish is to have a little
"mixture of humanity with these appropriations for
railroads. Let us have the mixture now. This is
the time.
Several Senators. Now; now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill making a grant of public
lands to the several States and Territories of the
Union for the benefit of indigent insane persons.
The bill is designed to grant to the several States
and Territories ten millions of acres of land, to be
apportioned under the direction of the President
of the United States, in the compound ratio of the
geographical area and representation of the States
in the House of Representatives, with a provision,
however, that no State shall be computed at more
than fifty thousand square miles. The land, after
being surveyed, is to be apportioned to the States
and Territories in sections or sub-divisions of the
sections; but to those States in which there are
no public lands of the value of $1 25 an acre, land
scrip is to be issued to the amount of their dis-
tributive shares in acres, which is to be sold by
the States, and the proceeds thereof applied to
the objects proposed by this bill. No State to
which land scrip may be thus issued is to be
allowed to locate it within the limits of any other
State or of any organized Territory; but their as-
signees may locate it upon any of the unappro-
priated lands of the United States subject to pri-
vate entry.
The expenses of management and superintend-
ence of lands previous to their sale, and all ex-
penses incurred in the management and disburse-
ment of the moneys which they may produce,
are to be paid by the States to which they may
belong, out of the treasury of each State, so that
the entire proceeds of the sale of the linds shall be
applied to the purposes for which they are given
The money derived from the sales of the lands,
and of land scrip, is to be invested in stocks of the
United States, or of the States, or of some other
safe stocks, yielding not less than five per centum
upon the par value; and the moneys so invested
are to constitute a perpetual fund, and the interest
is to be inviolably appropriated to the comfortable
maintenance and support of the curable and incur-
able indigent insane. If any portion of the fund
invested, or of the interest, shall be diminished, it
is to be replaced by the State or Territory to which
it belongs. The bill provides how the insane are
to be disposed in organized institutions, and pro-
hibits the use of the fund, or the interest thereof,
for the erection, preservation, or repair of any
building for the reception or security of insane
persons, or the purchase of any site or lands, for
which the States must make provision. State
legislation is, therefore, indispensable to accept the
terms proposed, and to carry out the objects of this
bill.
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom the
bill was referred, reported it back with an entire
substitute. The committee add to the proviso of
the first section, which prescribes the area of a
State at fifty thousand square miles, the provision
that the representation of a State shall not be com-
puted at less than six members. The second
section they so change os to confine the donation
of land and scrip to States, excluding Territories.
By a new section the committee piovide that the
States shall not dispose of any portion of the scrip
for less than one dollar per acre; and they are re-
quired to make annual returns to the Secretary of
tne Interior of the amount of scrip sold, and the
value received for it. The committee strike out
that portion of the original bill which prohibits the
use of the fund, or the interest, for the purchase,
erection, or preservation of buildings, or for sites
or grounds.
The PRESIDENT. The pending question is
on the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] on the 9th instant, when
the bill was under consideration, to insert the fol-
lowing:
"Provided, That all the grants of land provided for by this
act shall be confined to such States as have public lands m
them equal to the amount hereby granted to such State."
Mr. WELLER. I am very sorry to be com-
pelled to interpose any objection to this bill. I
am in favor of the general principles incorporated
into it; but 1 cannot vote for it just as it stands.
It will be necessary, in my judgment, to amend it;
otherwise, injustice will be done to some of the
new States of the Union, and particularly to the
one which I in part represent. I move, therefore,
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I shall have to ask for the
reading of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Of course; we do not object
to having our bills read.
Mr. HUNTER. The hour of one o'clock is
at hand. 1 hope we shall go on with the special
order. It will be a useless waste of time to read
the bill now, for it is obvious that it cannot be
acted upon this morning.
Mr. DAWSON. It will take but a few min-
utes.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to say to the
Senator from Vermont, who reported this bill,
that I know the Senator from California suggests
his amendment in no factious spirit, and with no
view to defeat the bill, but simply in order to do an
act of justice to his State. For one, I pledge my-
self to help the Senator from Vermont to get up
his bill to-morrow morning.
Mr.DAWSON. If that is the object, of course
I shall not object to the postponement.
Mr. FOOT. I am not responsible for the bill
being called up this morning. I was desirous of
calling it up for consideration at an appropriate
time; but as we had reached so near the hour of
one o'clock, I did not consider it proper to call it
up this morning, and therefore I have no objection
to letting it go over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection, under the
circumstances, to the postponement.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
RESCUERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. GWIN. I have prepared a minority re-
port on the part of the minority of the Select Com-
mittee appointed on the part of the two Houses,
to report a suitable form of testimonial for the
rescuers of the passengers and crew of the steam-
ship San Francisco. I ask that it may be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I promised the other day to
call up, this morning, the joint resolution, report-
ed by the majority of the committee; and as the
honorable Senator from California was in his seat
to-day,it was my intention to call it up; but as
the hour for the consideration of the special order
has arrived, 1 will defer the motion until to-mor-
row morning. Then, I suppose, the Senator from
California will be ready to allow us to dispose of
the matter finally.
Mr. GWIN. I shall be ready.
The motion to print the minority report was
agreed to.
TRANSPORTATION TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. RUSK offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie
is hereby, directed to inform the Senate vvliat amount has
been paid for the transportation of troops, supplies, and
munitions for the land and naval forces on the Pacific
ocean; also, wliat has been paid for the transportation of
the mails, including the transportation by sea and across
the Isthmus, lor way a entH, agents at Chafes and Panama,
and what amount, it" any, has been paid to the contractor
on Ihe line In wa) of Vina Cruz and Acapulco, for the last
tlnee yeais, (tesignalin^ the amounts for each year.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the following
committees, as annexed:
A bill for the further relief of Albra Tripp—to
the Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of James Walsh—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of William Mayo, of the
State of Maine—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of James M. Lewis—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain William Davis, late commander of the
United States transport schooner Eufaha—to the
Committee of Claims.
A bill to provide a pension for James K.Welch
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Captain E. A. V. Lava-
lette, of the United States Navy—to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
A bill for the relief of Samuel K. Rayburn—to
the Committee of Claims.
SIGNING OF ENROLLED BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution:
An act for the relief of John 0. Mears;
Joint resolution authorizing a supplemental
contract for certain marble for the Capitol exten-
sion;
An act for the extension of the preemption
; privilege in the State of California;
1 An act granting five years'half pay to the widow
of Captain John W. Gunnison;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth C.
Smith, of Missouri;
An act for the relief of Mary C. Hamilton;
An act for the relief of Allen G. Johnson; and
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, pay-
master of the United States Army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore then signed the
above-named bills.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize t'he Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to lay upon the table
informally an amendment which I intend to pro-
pose to this bill. I ask that it Be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. CASS, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate at length on the question of
the powers of the General Government over the
subject of slavery in the Territories. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. COOPER next addressed the Senate on the
same subject. [His speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
IVIr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, as I made
a speech nearly six years ago in favor of the prin-
ciples of this bill, and discussed at some length
the questions which have been brought to the
notice of the Senate during this debate, I had
determined to give a silent vote; but as I cannot
concur in the positions taken by my honorable
colleague, [Mr. Cooper.,] or in the views advanced
by him, it may seem obligatory, and I feel it to
be so, on me to make a brief reply. I regret the
circumstance. I regret to be obliged to differ from
my honorable and respected colleague on this sub-
ject. I entertained the hope that there would be
one Whig north of Mason & Dixon's line—and
that that Whig would be my honorablecolleague—
who "would unite on this question with his south-
ern Whig brethren, and not join the sectional_
party which is now getting up in the country; but,
! sir, I have been somewhat disappointed; and, as
: I find myself obliged to differ from him, I must
ask the favor of the Senate to give me a brief
hearing in the morning in reply. I therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 27, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Si.icer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
