2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
be said that when the Executive of the country
thought the matter of sufficient importance to send
• a national vessel to carry these articles, that we
will refuse the amount necessary to pay the ex-
penses of carrying them from the shore where they
were landed to the Crystal Palace ? Sir, when these
articles were landed in England, Mr. Riddle found
himself without the necessary funds to carry them
up to the exhibition, when an American merchant,-
a wealthy merchant in London, went to the Amer-
ican Minister and said, " 1 will advance the money
for the exhibitors of the United States, believing
that the Congress of the United States will gener-
ously reimburse me." The American Minister
said: *'I see no difficulty in the way. If you ad-
vance the money, Congress will reimburse you."
He promptly paid the money, the inventions were
exhibited, and the character of the United States
was upheld, yea, glorified throughout the woild
by the praiseworthy exertions of Messrs. Peabody
and Riddle. The amendment of the Senate is to re-
imburse them, and 1 hope it may be concurred in. i
Mr. PECKHAM. Had not Mr. Peabody the '
right to assume that the Government authorized
% it by sending out a national vessel?
f Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly. He felt himself
authorized by that circumstance to advance the
money.
[Cries of " &uestion !" (< Question !"]
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw my amendment. I
only submitted it for the purpose of exhibiting
the character of the amendment, so that it might
be rejected.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 move to reduce the appro-
priation to twelve and a half cents.
Mr. Chairman, if X thought it would be inorder
I would move to reduce the appropriation to a
sufficient amount for a bronze medal. [Laughter.]
I have witnessed, during the progress of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill through Con-
gress, many extraordinary things. It was to be
hoped that a purely Democratic Congress would
have been a little economical in the adminis-
tration of the Government. But now we are
called on to give a gentleman—a Mr. Riddle—
who he is God only knows; I assure the com-
mittee I do not—[laughter]—who has thrust him-
self into this business unasked, uncalled for, and
without commission. He derived the whole of
his duties and authority from an obscure agricul-
tural society within the limits of the District of
Columbia. He went for the honor anf the credit
of the thjng to the city of London. He put him-
self at the head of the commission, and assumed
to discharge the duties of an envoy extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary, so far at least as the
industrial exhibition was concerned; and because
he occupied what he as well as the Senate com-
placently culls ah official position, he is to have
$26,000 for his services.
By what authority did this man undertake to
borrow money on the creditof the United States?
Who authorized him to go to Mr. Peabody and
make a loan, predicated on the faith and credit of
this Government? He was qualified with no such
authority. He derived no such authority from
any appointment by the United States, He went
there with the high commission under the seal of
this agricultural society, of which Mr. Force was
president, and Mr somebody else (a Mr. Kenne-
dy, I believe) was secretary. Under the broad
seal of this magnificent society he went to London,
and undertook to borrow money on the faith and
creditof the United States. Then with supeilafive
impudence he asks this Democratic Congress to
sanction what he has done. Gentlemen, the thing
is ridiculous. There is not a man, woman, or
child in the country that will not legurd it as
such. The truth of the matter is, that this Mr.
Riddle entered into this matter upon his own re-
sponsibility, unasked and unsought. Then,, in
order to keep up his high character as minister
plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary, he ne-
gotiated a loan of $20,000 from Mr. Peabody,
who gives dinners in a room with the portraits of
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert on one side,
and that of our President on the other, and com-
mences his patriotic festivities by drinking the
healths of Pier Majesty and her consort first, and
of George Washington afterwards.
Now, I am a Whig, and of course occupy a
hostile position to the Democratic party; but if
*an enemy, I claim to be a generous one Gentle-
men of the Democratic party, take care how you
appropriate money from the Treasury. I, for
one, hold you to a strict accountability before the
people of the United States for all your extrava-
gance. [Cries of " Good !"] To be forewarned is
to be forearmed. You have already done enough
to forfeit the confidence which a generous people
reposed in you. Take care that you do not put
weights around your necks which will sink you
so low that the hand of resurrection cannot reach
you.
Mr. HA.VEN. It is now quarter past three
o'clock, and we have only two days remaining of
this session. I hope that we will proceed to
voting. I do not propose to discuss this question.
1 shall merely say that my Democratic and Whig
friends had all the glorification of this thing when
it took place. The country burst out into a mag-
nificent blaze upon the subject; and now, if these
gentlemen are willing to back down when it comes
to paying the man who advanced money to sus-
tain the glory and honor of the country, let the
country know who they are.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the proposition is to pay Mr. Riddle for money
advanced by Mr. Peabody. I propose, in this
connection, an amendment to strike out the name
of " Edward Riddle," and insert th^t of " Pea*
body" wherever the name Riddle occurs.
I suppose it is perfectly plain that if Mr. Pea-
body advanced money, he is the man to receive it,
and nobody else. Mr. Riddle, I understand, is a
horsedealer and auctioneer in the city of-Boston.
That is what I understand to be his employment,
i do not pretend to question his honesty, but there
is no account rendered of these expenses. Upon
what principle should we pay a gentleman for
expenditures made by him, of which we have no
account, when it is avowed upon the face of the
amendment that another individual advanced the
money.
I say this to the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] that it is a great reflection
upon American mechanics to suppose that they
would carry their inventions to England without
having money. I do not believe a word of it. I
do not believe that an American who got his
freight for nothing in an American ship, went to
England without having money to pay his ex-
penses. This amendment is contrived,! have no
sort of question, for the purposeof getting money
out of the Treasury of the United States. Butlook
at the principle of the thing. It is gravely main-
tained that a gentleman here, without authority
from the official powers of this Government, has
a right to go on and incur expenses to any extent
that he may please, and then make an appeal to
Congress to relieve him.
I was rejoiced to hear the Whig gentleman from
the State of Maryland [Mr. Sollers] rebuke
Democrats. To what a condition have we come,
when a Whig here upon this floor, in this pres-
ence, feels it to be his duty to rebuke the Demo-
cratic party for a want of economy, aifc for fos-
tering and sustaining enormous expenditures.
Yet such is the fact; arid, therefore, I submit this
amendment. It is so plain and palpable thatgen-
tlemen can haidly resist it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to oppose the intro-
duction of the name of Mr. Peabody m this amend-
ment. 1 think it discourteous, in the first place,
and wrong altogether. A gentleman who, in the
hour of extremity to American citizens abroad,
advanced to them a larjje sum of money, so that
they might stand erect with citizens of other coun-
tries, demands and deserves from us not merely a
return of the small pittance loaned, but the hearty
thanks of every man who has an American heart
within his bosom, Sir, I have no sympathy with
the man who, here or elsewhere, would so under-
rate American character as to suppose that it was
not concerned in all the transactions of trade. A
man may indeed sink down into the business of
buying and selling, and thereby lose the good re-
gard of those who live upon the labor of others.
But, in my opinion, no American citizen loses his
character or his claims on the respect of others,
because he earns his living bv the sweat of his
brow.
Sir, on the shores of England a ship of the
United States arrived, stored with the productions
of American artisans. They were without means
to convey them thence (Southampton) to London,
a distance of seventy odd miles. There were,
besides, more than three miles for the goods to be
conveyed by horse carriage to the place where
they were to be exhibited.
Sir, France had assisted her mechanics to place
their productions in the Crystal Palace. Austria
came to the help of her own people. Turkey was
careful that the Musselman should not lack credit
with the Christian; and even little Switzerland
assisted her ingenious artisans to take a place
in the World's Fair/ the great exhibition by na-
tions—and while these and the people of other
nations were placing their productions on shelves,
or m the divisions respectively assigned to them
in the beautiful structure, the evidences of Amer-
ican skill lay on the wharves at Southampton,
more than seventy miles from London. Most of
the owners were here, in this country. Their half
dozen agents were there, indeed, with means barely
sufficient to pay their own board and traveling ex-
penses—and the exhibition was opening without a
single article in the location bearing the sign of the
ynited States.
The Government had agreed to convey these
goods to the exhibition. The owners did not con-
sider that they might be landed seventy miles from
the palace. They were so landed, and were ex-
posing the representatives of the industry of this
country to the sneers of those of the other parts
of the world, because they had nothing in the hall
of the exhibition, and to the contempt of the
British for their inability to pay the cost of carry-
ing these goods from Southampton to London,
Let this statement be understood. Let any one
figure to himself the mortification of the American
delegates, and the ridicule which that state of things
naturally drew upon them, upon us, upon every
American.
In that hour of extremity, I repeat it, an Amer-
ican citizen, whose heart throbs with American
feeling, who scorned, when they invited him to
British citizenship, to give up his right to Ameri-
can citizenship, this man stepped forward and re**
deemed the character and credit of his fellow-
citizens. At that moment of trouble he enabled
them to win for themselves, and, while winning
for themselves, to reflect it upon us and upon
every man in the country, who has earned, or
who does earn his bread by the sweat of his brow
—to win honor at that exhibition where the whole
world stood emulous, every part of it for its owra
tjhare.
Sir, to introduce the name of that man into this
clause, as if he were a petitioner, for .this petty
amount, for this sum of $26,000, not half or quar-
ter the sum which he expends every year in ex-
tending hospitality to his fellow-citizens, bearing
testimony not only to his love of his own home,
but his regard for American citizenship, would be
unworthy of us. I trust .that this House will
never so demean itself as to truckle in this matter,
and throw responsibility on that man who stepped
forward and helped our citizens at Ijjiat time.
Let us not cgily be honest, but let us be delicate,
and let us be just. While we vote fairly to pay
this money, we recognize no official position in
that gentleman who has the misfortune of earning
his living by trading in Boston; we simply carry
out the views of the country in putting in this bill
an appropriation to pay the money which was
supplied to our fellow-citizens.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he wants the man
who is entitled to this money to have the appro-
priation m his name, or in that of another ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I want the amendment to
pass now, so that the money shall be paid to the
j borrower, to be refunded by him to the man who
advanced it with such generous liberality.
! The question was taken; and Mr. Smith's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to amend by
adding $500 to the $2G,000. I certainly should
not have mingled in this discussion, but for the
fact that it was my fortune to have been present
in London during the period when this transac-
tion occurred. It is proper to observe that every
nation in Europe was represented at that Crystal
Palace, in their official capacity. The Govern-
ment of the United States was not. Our Govern-
ment presented itself there under these circum-
stances: A vessel of a national character, in the
service of the country, was placed at the disposal
of the exhibitors. Their goods were landed at a
distance from the Palace, and they were without
the means of placing them in a proper position in
