1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2057
thePaIf.ce. Under these circumstances, the Amer- j
ican commissioner, unable himself to furnish the [
funds, and unable to procure them through his j
friends, called upon an eminent American banker, |
whose name has so often been mentioned here m
connection with this matter. That gentleman, as
a precautionary measure, called upon the Minis-
ter of the United States, and asked his opinion m
reference to the transaction. Predicated upon
what was stated to him by our Minister, Mr.
Peabody came forward in this time of need to
uphold and support the character of the United
States, and without the aid he thus afforded them,
all the efforts which had been made upon this side
of the water to place American skill and invention
before the European world, would have been en-
tirely lost; and notwithstanding American skill
had solicited a place in the Crystal Palace for the
exhibition of their goods, it would not have been
assigned them, and the United States would have
been still further disgraced, but for this advance
which was made to them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from New York this question: Does
he know of a single man who carried articles to
that exhibition who was without the means of
getting his goods to the Crystal Palace '
Mr. WALBRIDGE. J do not know in refer-
ence to that particularly; but gentlemen who de-
vote themselves, a d sacrifice themselves for the
good of their country,- are generally poor, and
have not means.
Mr. SMITH. Do you know of such a man?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. In response to that in-
quiry, 1 will say, that I have this day received
several letters soliciting aid, under the same cir-
cumstances; and I do not think they were very
able; for if they were, they would not now be
soliciting aid of the Government.
I desire to reiterate the fact that Mr. Peabody
came forward and made this advance—1 do not
say at the solicitation of the American minister,
but under strong representations from him, that
since the Government had placed at the disposal
of these American contributors a national vessel,
his assistance might be considered legitimately
necessary to carry out that aid, so far as the ex-
hibitors were concerned, and that the Congress
of the United States would refund to him the
advances which he should make. It is for the
American people, and for this Congress, to de-
termine whether, under these circumstances, they
will suffer an appropriation to be made to cover
advances which added materially to their honor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. With Mr. Pea-
body I have very little acquaintance. I have no
doubt he is worthy of all the commendation which
has been bestowed upon him. As to Mr. Riddle,
I know nothing of him; and the only interest I
take in this appropriation arises out of the fact
that it will create a mischievous precedent. It
refers to a matter which I wish to be well under-
stood by this House, so that, if they mean to set
a precedent, they may do it knowingly.
Now, in the first place, this bill assumes that
Mr. Riddle was there m an official capacity. Who
conferred it upon hmi ? Where did his commis-
sion come from? It came from two respectable
private gentlemen of this city; bufhe had no au-
thority from the Government. The provision,
therefore, is false upon its face.
But, sir, I go beyond that. I have no idea that
where a private individual from patriotic motives—
to place it upon the highest grounds—or from
mercenary motives, to place it upon the lowest
grounds, takes upon himself to go to the World's
Fair, that he has any right to come here and ask
this Government to defray his expenses. They
have no claim upon us. I opposed this thing when
it occurred. I saw then that the seed was sown
which would £row up as I have seen it grow up.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to interrupt him for a moment. My
object is this: I want to know if it was not then
generally understood that the Government of the
United States undertook to transport these articles
to the exhibition? It was then supposed that the
vessel could land near the exhibition; butit«turned
out that it was compelled to land seventy miles
off. Now, I want to know if it wasnottheunder-
standing that the Government was to transport
these articles to the exhibition, and whether it was
not the duty of the Government, with that under-
standing, to transport them there?
Mr. BAYLY. Why, Mr. Chairman, I am
surmised that a gentleman with the clearness of
intellect which the gentleman from North Carolina
possesses should ask me such a question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Who furnished the ship
to transport them ?
[The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate by Mr. Asbury Dickins,
their Secretary, informing the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the river and harbor bill with
amendments, m which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.]
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from North
Carolina asks me if there was not an understand-
ing that the Government should pay this expense ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir; that was not my
question. I asked if the United States Govern
Are we to allow men to sport their patriotic feel-
ings, and, just so soon as the emotion has sub-
sided, to turn around and get up a question of dol- .
tars and cents' Aie we to pay the expenses of
all why choose to go to New York to exhibit their
inventions? Mr. Chairman, we have to stop this
thing here. The principle of the amendment is a
dangerous one, and once adopted, we shall have
before us thousands of similar cases. It recog-
■ mzes the right of taxing the Government without
authonty of law.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, it is with
surprise and regret that I have witnessed opposi-
tion to this amendment which has come to us
from the Senate. In my judgment, it is right and
proper that the provision should be inserted in
' this bill, indeed, it will be an evil day when we
shall sit here to deliberate and to strike out appro-
ment, did not—I think by an act of Congress— I priations of this kind—appropriations so eminently
furnish a ship to transport the articles tor exhi-
bition by American exhibitors, and whether it
was not the understanding then that they were to
carry them to the Crystal Palace ?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir, I am quite sure the
Government of the United States, as a Govern-
ment, have done nothing of the kind. The only
instance of which ! recollect when the Goveril-
iiational. I am aware that the time has elapsed
when the necessity for the expenditure of this
money existed; but let us roll back the tide of time
for a little while. Let us look at the period when
the American heart beat with short pulsations at
the position our country was to assume among
the nations of the earth at this great industrial ex-
hibition at London. We all know that it was a
meat has undeitaken to transport goods free off dark period; but, in the glad sequel, we know,
cost was during the famine in Ireland, when gen- j: too, that while some palms were taken by other
tlemen came here and asked for a ship to carry l; nations, that our happy Republic stood proudly
supplies to that country. The ship was granted, j preeminent in all the utilitarian inventions of the
and it turned out just as I predicted at the time,
that these gentlemen afterwards came m here with
a bill of expenses.
Sir, I am opposed to this whole thing, and have
been from the beginning. It is wrong in principle.
If the thing is carried out, anybody may get up
an industrial exhibition m London, or anywhere
else, and then come here with protestations of
patriotism, and make us pay the expenses. That
is the principle,and 1 say again that I aiii opposed
tT> it.
When General La Fayette came to this country
his passage was offered to htm fiee by the captain
of a certain vessel. That captain brought him
here, and then came to the Government to ask foi
indemnity for his hospitality to La Fayette.
But as far as these exhibitors are concerned,
they have no claim upon anybody. The English
Government remitted the duties upon all these
articles. They were received free of duty, and
were mostly sold by «he exlubitois. Oar Gov-
ernment had no participation in the transaction.
The whole thing amounts to just this: These men
want the United States Government to pay for
carrying their fabucs abroad. Why, I should
like anybody to tell me the difference between
sending them to New York and London. I*have
a very fine horse that I should be glad to exhibit
at the world's fair—at any world's fair, in New
York or London—but I should be very loth to ask
this Government to pay the expense of taking him
there. ®
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Walbeidge's
amendment; and it was rejected,
Mr. SMITH, of Vngima. I move to reduce the
appropriation to *>6,000. Mr. Chairman, I pro-
pose to call the attention of the committee to what
is to follow the adoption of the Senate amendment.
In a letter addressed to a member of this body, 1
find it stated that if it be deemed a matter of na-
tional credit that this debt should be paid to Mr.
Peabody, it follows that it is but just that the ex-
hibitors should be reimbursed for the unexpected
and heavy expenses incurred by them. So, then,
the committee will see thai if we adopt this amend-
ment, we have got to pay the expenses of every
man who went to the World's Fair of London.
Look at this communication, and you will observe
that their name is legion, Here is the communi-
cation in print, and a copy has, I understand, been
sent to each member from New York. A whole
host of claimants will arise from tins source, to be
paid from the public Treasui y. Look at the items.
Here is the account of one of them. What do
you really think it is? For cartage nom stoie,
sixty-two cents; ferryage to Brooklyn, one dollar;
postage, fifty cents; sundry charges m Southamp
ton, and so on. The very charge for freight, cart-
age, and ferryage from the start from New York,
and everywhere where these expenses originally
commenced, are to be brought here as items which
we are to pay. Are we going to do this thing?
pr
day. When the Crystal Palace was constructed
—that proud pile of iron and glass—what accom-
modations were alfoided to our citizens, in order
to display their inventions ? None, sir I There,
amid the radiance of the Kohmoor diamond, the
fine fabrics and manufactures of France, and the
brilliant display of other nations, a small place
was allotted the United States. What was to
be done—as yet it was naked, and was to be filled
up ? The goods of our inventors, which had been
sent, at the public expense, in the United States
frigate St. Lawrence to Southampton, were to be
conveyed to London, and placed m proper order
for exhibition. How much we should have been
j mortified and chagrined, had not Mr. Peabody
1 stepped forward as he did, and stood, as it were,
: godfather to the country on that occasion, by ad-
| vancing the means on which this appropriation is
bassed? As I understand, sir, Mr. Riddle gave his
obligations to Mr. Peabody, which Mr. Peabody
holds to Bis day. Mr. .Riddle was then ap-
pointed by the Regents of the Smithsonian Iristi-
■ tutiori, of whom the President of the United States
! is ex-nfficio President Mr. Force, as secretary
] of the'Regents, signed the commission,
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
{ man allow me to correct him? The Si.athsonian
i Institution-or the President had nothing to do with
! it. Peter Force, as chairman of the society, and
! J.T. Kennedy, as secretary, commissioned Mr.
1 Riddle.
Mr. HUGHES. The facts may be as stated,
by the gentleman. I heard the argument in the
Senate upon this subject. It was there asserted,
that this whole thing was recognized by the then
Secretary of State, Mr. Webster, it was a na-
tional undertaking. Money has been paid; audit
now remains to be seen whether the news shall go
, abioad that an American Congress will repudiate
i the acts of those who represented us at the great
j Industrial Exhibition, it was said, by the gen-
| tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that Mr. Rid-
dle—-a gentleman whom I know very well—wasa
j horse-dealer and auctioneer in Massachusetts. I
| ask if it is worse to be a horse-dealer m Massa-
| chusettsthan to run a line of stage-coaches m Vir-
j gima, or any other State, whether it ben. regular
| or extra line of coaches.
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the gentle-
[ mnn to remember that i expressly stated that I
made no reflection upon Mr. Riddle.
Mr. HUGHES. It was stated as a matter of
reflection upon Mr. Riddle, as I thought. I know
■ him well; and he is as high-minded and honorable
: a gentleman as lives in Massachusetts—pursuing
j his business in a laudable way. If he sells any-
! thing, he sells quadrupeds, not bipeds; and 1 am glad
i that his vocation is of that description—his auc-
I tioneenng of that so.'t. [Laughter.]
  The question was taken upon Mr. Smith's
| amendment; ,ii.d it was rejected.
I Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. If the
