1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
discuss it 1 would not, but would move the pre-
vious question, and bring the House to a vote
upon ic.
[Cries of " Agreed !" and " Try it!"]
Mr. BOCOCK. As that seems to be the wish
of the House, 1 move to suspend the rules to take
up the Senate bill, with a pledge on my part, that
when the bill is taken up, if I can obtain the floor,
I wii! immediately move the previous question, so
as to cut off debate and bring the House to a vote
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We want to discuss the
bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill would
have to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. I suppose the House under-
stands that there is a rule making it necessary
that every bill which involves an appropriation
shall go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union? Unless some such motion as
this is macle and earned, when the Senate bill is
reported, it must, under that rule, go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WALSH. Well, let it go there. -
Mr. BOCOCK. It will go to the foot of the
Calendar, and will be reached late in the dog-days,
if reached at all.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If it is debated on one side,
we want to be heard upon the other. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is not a resolution, but a
motion.
Mr. WALSH. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Virginia what day he proposes
to set apart for the consideration of this bill?
The SPEAKER The proposition is not de-
batable.
Mr. TAYLOR. I shall have to vote against
the gentleman's motion, unless I know what day
or days he proposes to set apart.
Mr. CAMPBELL. He intends to put the bill
upon its passage now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is on the motion to take
up the Senate bill authorizing the construction of
six steam frigates.
Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia propose to bring the Senate bill in here, and
put it on its passage under the operation of the
previous question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is the proposition.
Mr. JONES. I hope such a departure from all
rules will not be allowed.
The SPEAKER. Debate is notin order. The
gentleman from Virginia moves to suspend the
rules to take up and dispose of a bill of the follow-
ing title:
An act to authorize the construction of six steam
frigates, and for other purposes.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 127, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Aikenj J.lines C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe>
Thomas II. Bayly, Banks, Barksdale, Bariy, Belcher, Ben-
son, Bocock, Breckinridge, Btigg, Carpenter,Caskie.Cham-
berlain, Chandler, Chaplain, Chri^man, Church well, Cling-
man, Colquitt, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Ciocker, CulJom, Cut-
tii'<r, Dawson, Dean, De Wilt, Dick, Disney, Dowdell,
Drum, Dunbar, Edinands, Eihmmdson, Elliott, Elltbon,
Elbmdge,, Evvirtg, Farley, Faulkner, Floience, Fuller,
Gamble, Goodrich, Gieen, Greenwood, Grey, Wiley p.
Hams, Harrison, Hastings, Hibbard, Hiester, Hill, Hughes,
Hunt, Inger«*nll, Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, fvout, Kurtz,
Lamb. Latham, Letcher, Lillv, Ltndiey, McCulloch, Mae-
donald, MeDoujrali. MeNair, iVfacy, Maxwell, Mayall, Mid-
dleswarth, Smith Miller, Mill&on, Morrison, Noble,Mor-
deeai Oliver, Feck, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps.,
Phillips, I'owell, Pratt. Puryear, lteese, Richatdson, Riddle.
David Ritchie, Robbing, Ruffin, Ru^eH, Sahm, Sejmour,
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Solids, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Siraub, John L. Taj.lor, Thurston.Trout, Tweed,
Upham, Vail,Vansant,Walbudse, Walker,Elhhu B. VV a?h-
burne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, We«thiook, Wute, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—127.
NAVS—Messrs. Ball, Bell, Bennett, Boyce, Bridges,
Campbell, Caiutheif, Clark, Cobb, Ciaige, John G Davis,
Thomas Davn, Dent, Eastman, Edgeiton, English, Fenton,
Flagler, Giddings, Grow, Hamilton, Haven, Hendricks,
Ilenii, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones, Roland Jones,
Kiltredge, Knox, Lane, Lindsley, McMullin, McQueen,
Maiteson, Maurice, John G. Miller, Nichols, Norton, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peckham, Preston, Ready,
Thomas Ritchey, Rowe, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons,
Germ Smith, George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Strat-
ton, Tracy, Wade, Walsh, Wells, and Yates—60.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill was then taken up, and read a first and
second time by its title.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. BOCOCK, The motion which I submit-
ted a few minutes ago, and which has been just
voted on by the House, was understood by my-
self, and almost every other person with whom I
have conversed, as a motion to suspend that rule
which requires that this bill shall first go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to be considered. I wish to know what
the ruling of the Chair is on that point?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that, as the
motion was understood and put by him, it was to
suspend the rules for the purpose of taking the
bill up.
Mr. BOCOCK. My object was to have the
bill first considered in the House. The rule of
the House is, that a bill of this sort shall be first
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. My motion was to consider
it first here, and that being incompatible with that
rule, of course the motion was to suspend that
rule. The sense of the House has been tested,
and, if necessary, 1 move to suspend the rule
which requires that a bill containing an appropri-
ation shall be first considered in the Committee cf
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers if
scarcely regular to move that the rule be suspended
which requires a bill to go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to be first
considered, at the very moment that the motion is
submitted to suspend the rules, in order to take it
up. Perhaps both motions ought to be embodied
in a resolution. The Chair is of the opinion that
it would not be regular to couple both the motions
as proposed by the gentleman from Virginia..
The Chair rules that the bill must be first consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to suspend the rule
which requires that the bill shall be first consM 
ered in the Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HENN. Is it in order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs? It
contains an appropriation of three millions of dol-
lars, and should be considered by some committee.
The SPEAKER It is not in order pending
the motion to suspend the rules, otherwise it
would be in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is in order, I
wish to inquire of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock,] what is the estimated cost of these
six steamers?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The Chair
must arrest everything like a discussion upon a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope the Chair will allow
me to answer that question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so
only by the unanimous consent of the House.
[Cries of No !" " No!"]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen insist upon an
enforcement of the rule.
Mr. JONES. Will it be in order to move to
suspend the rules, to allow the gentleman to an-
swer that question ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. After one order
or motion to suspend the rules has been disposed
of, it will be in order to submit another, but both
cannot be pending at the same time.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—3>eas 98, nays 80; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe,
Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Barksdale, Belcher, Benson,
Bisf-cll, Bocock, Breckinridge, Butar, Caipemer, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Ohrisrnan, Churchwell, Clingman,
Colquitt, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eduiands, EdmuiuUon, Eihe-
ridge, Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Goodrich,
Green, Grey, Wiley P. Hams, Hanson, Hastings, Ilib-
baid, Hiester, Hill, Hushes, Hunt, Insersoll, Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham, Macdonald, McDougall, MeNair, Maey, Max-
well, Middieswarth, Million, Noble, Packcr, Pennmeton,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Piatt,
Puryear, Richaidson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbing,
Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Single-
ten, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith. Sel-
ler?, Frederick P. Stanton, Straub, John L. Taylor,Thurs-
ton, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vail. Vansam, Walker, Israel
Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Weslbrook. Daniel B.
Wright, Hendrick B. Wiigbt, and Zollicofier—08.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Barry, Bennett, Boyce, Bridges,
Campbell, Caruthers, Clark, Cobb. Craige, Cutting, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dent, Disney, Eastman,
Edgerton, Elliot, Ellison, Everhart, Ewing, Fenton, Flag-
ler,Gamble, Giddmgs, Grow, Hamilton, Haven, fiendricks.
Henn, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kittredge, Knox, Lane,
Letcher, Lilly, Lindley, Lmdsley, McCulloch, John Mc-
Q.ueen, Matteson, Maurice, Meacham, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Norton. Olds, Andrew-
Oliver, Orr, Peck, Peckham, Ready, Reese, Thomas
Ritchey, Rowe, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Gerrit Smith, George
W. Smyth, Richard 11. Sianton, Anrtiew Stuart, Tracy,
Wade, Walbridge, Wahh, Warren, EllUm B. Washburne,
Wells, John Wentworth, Witte, and Yates—80.
So the motion was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BOCOCK. This motion having been lost,
I take it for granted that this bill goes, as a matter
of course, to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It may go to the Committee
on Naval A Hairs.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would state here that this
bill is precisely the one which was considered and
,reported to the House by the CommitteeonNaval
Affairs some time ago. A gentleman from the
Senate copied the bill which we had reported, and
submitted it to the Senate, and it passed that body-
verbatim, as we have reported it. It passed the
Senate unanimously. Under these circumstances
it is not important that it should go again to the
Committee upon Naval Affairs. I therefore now
move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and be made
the special order for to-morrow week.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would say to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] that to-
morrow week and the two succeeding days have
been set apart for the consideration of local Terri-
torial business.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I move that it be made
the special order for next Thursday week.
Mr. JONES. That is one of the special order
days already set apart. They are Tuesdays,
Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I would make it to-mor-
row two weeks.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say one word before
that question is put. I hope the House will con-
sider this matter for a moment, before they make
another special order by which they will tie them-
selves up, nobody knows for how great a length
of time hereafter. We have been here three
months, and not an appropriation bill of any con-
sequence has been passed yet. The new deficiency
bill is still untouched. I hope the House, at least,
will so far consider this matter before it makes
another special order, as to determine whether it
cannot transact its business quite as well by the
free exercise of its judgment when questions arise
as by tying up its hands in advance, and declar-
ing in advance that it has not confidence; that here-
after, and when the question arises,it will be able
I to act properly.
| Mr. BOCOCK. As the gentleman has been
| permitted to make those remarks, I hope I may
' be permitted to reply to them. I want to know
I what the gentleman means by his remarks in ref-
| erence to this House tying up its hands? If he
■ means by it that the House ties up its hands
when a particular measure comes up before an-
; other matter, I say that the very rules ofthis House
tie up its hands. Are we not obliged to consider
some things before otheis? We must have busi-
ness come up in some order, and how does the
fact of making this bill the special order for a
particular day tie up the House any more than
anything else ?
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Virginia submit his proposition in writing, or state
it ao-ain? Does the gentleman mean to make the
bilHhe special order for to-morrow two weeks,
and to continue from day to day until disposed of?
Is it the purpose of the gentleman to give the mat-
ter one day or more?
Mr. BOCOCK. I will include two days, to-
morrow week and the next day.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The first question is, then,
