2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
friends of this bill want it killed, they had better
talk it tu death. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York, I move to increase
the sum one dollar.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] spoke of a mischievous precedent in this
case. There is such a precedent. But it is not
to be found where that gentleman finds it. It will
not be found in our adoption of the Senateamend*
ment. That mischievous precedent came into be-
ing when the Government embarked in this affair;
and put one of its vessels at the service of its citi-
zens. Had the Government kept clear of this af-
fair, and confined itself to its sole legitimate office
of protecting persons and. property, we should
not have been annoyed by this amendment of the
Senate. But the Government mixed itself up with,
the proper business of its citizens. Therein was
the mischievous precedent; and in that precedent
lies our obligation to meet theconsequences which
we are now called on to meet; arid to repay the
money which was advanced, because we gave a
governmental aspect and character to the enter-
prise.
$ When our ingenious citizens were tempted by !
the liberality of the Government to put their in- j
ventions on board this vessel, they did not fore- \
see, that a great expense must be incurred be- j
tween the arrival of their fabrics on the English |
coast and the getting of them upon exhibition. ;
ThivS expense they were not able to meet. Indeed, !
they we^e not there to meet it. The question now j
was what to do with the fabrics. Should they be I
left at Southampton, where they were, or be re- j
turned to America? Either would have been |
deeply disgraceful to our Government and nation;
for either of them would have been attributed to
niggardly conduct, on the part of the Govern-
ment. The representatives of the various nations
of the earth, assembled at the Crystal Palace, |
would have thus attributed it. They would have !
held our Government responsible for the failure of;
these inventions of our citizens to reach the Pal- 1
ace—fur they would, of couise, have held theim- |
portationof these inventions to be a governmental !
enterprise. Surely, if the appearances in the case
Jed both Mr. Penoody and Mr. Lawrence to re-
gard the importation of the inventions as an enter-
prise of the Government, these strangers and the
whole Bi itish public, would have been justified in
so regarding it. In the eyes of all these, then, our
Government and nation would haveikeen dis-
graced, if the fabrics had not reached the Palace.
Honor, therefore, great honor, is due to Mr. Pea-
body for having come forward so geneiously to
shield his native land and her Government from
impending disgrace; and dishonor, deep dishonor,
will follow the refusal to enable Mr. Riddle to j
repay the #26,000, which Mr. Peabody's strong j
American /eehngs prompted him to lend Mr. j
Riddle. * !
I cannot believe, that we are willing to let Mr. j
Peabody, or Mr. Riddle, lose this money. Sure ,
1 am, that our country will not be found willing !
to have either of them lose it.
The question was taken upon the amendment !
of Mr. Smith, of New York; and it was not j
agreed to. ;
The question recurring upon the Senate amend- !
ment, I
Mr. SOLLERS demanded tellers. i
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Westbrook '
and Soi.lers were appointed. . i
The question was then taken; ana the tellers re- |
ported—ayes 66, noes 80. !
So the Senate amendment was non-concurred j
in, 1
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now pro- :
that the committee take a recess until six
o'clock. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to j
that. \ do not want to sit here at night. Let us :
go on with the business until night-fall, i oh- ,
ject. I
Mr. OUNGMAN. Why, sir, the majority
have the right to take a recess. I
Mr STANTON. That was my understanding.
I make the motion that the committee take a
recess until sis. o'clock. I think it is competent
for me to submit that motion.
The CHAIRMAN The Chair thinks the
motion cannot be entertained in committee, except
by unanimous consent. He recollects to have
declined to receive such a motion some time last
year, and his decision was sustained.
Mr. STANTON. 1 must very respectfully
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not see
upon what principle it requires unanimous con-
sent to entertain this motion. I think the Chair
is confounding the action of the committee with
that of the House, where it does require unani-
mous consent, or a suspension of the rules; be^
cause the order of the House is, that when it, ad-
journs it shall adjourn to meet at a fixed hour. But
"m.committee, if we can do that at all without the
permission of the House, we can do it as well by
a majority vote as by unanimous consent. What-
ever the committee can do at all it can do as well
by a vote of the majority as by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I hope the
committee will not take a recess. There are
plenty of refreshments up stairs There are re-
freshments down stairs; and there is no necessity
of gentlemen going home to dinner.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not m order to move to take a recess. If it were
so, the committee might take a recess beyond the
next adjournment, and within three days. The
•gentleman from Tennessee appeals from the de-
cision of the Chair. The question now if?, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?"
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the Chair
hear me one moment?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. PURYEAR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
New York, and Poryear, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair wag sustained; the tellers having reported—
ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken; and the committee re-
fused to rise.
One hundred and twenty-ninth amendment!
Strikeout 97,2*i{)," and inseit ",$160,000," so that
the jiarajiraph will rra<j:
For salanen and commissions of registeis ofland offices
and receivers of public moneys, $160,OUU.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
committee do now rise. We have been sitting
here for six hours and upwards.
Mr#WALKER demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. Pringle, and Stuart, of
Michigan, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 63.
So the motion was agreed to. ^
Thecomrmttee accordingly rose; andtheSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gene-
rally, and particularly the Senate amendments to
House bill (No. 48) 4< making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June," 1855, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
| Mr. HOUSTON, 1 offer a resolution suspend-
ing the five-minute debate on the civil and dip-
I lomatic appropriation bill.
I [Cries of u Yes !" " That is right!"]
j Mr. WALSH. I object.
j Mr. HOUSTON. Then f move to suspend the
i rules, for the purpose of introducing the resolution
' indicated.
Mr. ORR. Let me suggest to the gentleman
from Alabama that a motion be first submitted to
- take a recess.
| [Cries of "No!" "No!"]
If this motion be carried, and if, after we meet
; sgain in the evening, this five-minute debate be-
j comes at all tiresome, the committee can rise and
! close debate.
| [Cries of " Oh ! no !"]
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us close de-
bate and adjourn.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 would inquire of the
Chair8 ^ five-minute debate be entirely sus-
pended, on what can we vote except on the mere
report of the committee?
Mr. McNAIR. On nothing at all.
Mr. PECKHAM. We can have no informa-
tion except the ipse dixit of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not de-
batable.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet again this
evening at seven o'clock. 1 mean that the House
take a recess to that time.
[Cries of « No !" "No!"]
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. ORR. Then I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of admitting the gentleman's mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala*
bama [Mr. Houston] has alrtady moved to sus-
pend the rules for a diffeient purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to stand in
the way of the gentleman's proposition to take a
recess. For the present, therefore, 1 withdraw
my motion to suspend the rules,to allow that ques-
tion to be taken.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of taking the question on
the motion to have a recess tilrseven o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object; there is
another motion pending.
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to suspend
the rules. An objection does not defeat it.
Mr. JONES. Then I hope that the House will
vote it down.
The question was taken; and, on acount, there
were—ayes 78, noes 49.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now make my motion to
suspend all further five-minute debate upon the
civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SAGE. 1 call for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. SOLLERS. I wish to ask one question of
the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the gentleman's question ?
[Cries of " Hear him I" " Go on !"]
Mr. SOLLERS. I only want to ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama whether his motion, if
adopted, would exclude a member from asking
the Committee of Ways and Means for an ex-
planation of an amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. That would depend entirely
upon the construction which the Chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
should a;ive to the motion.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I hope the motion will
not be adopted. *
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Alabama if his motion is to sus-
pend five-minute debate upon the civil and diplo-
matic bill only ?
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"1
Mr. HOUSTON. That is all.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question recurring upon Mr. Houston's
motion,
Mr. SAGE withdrew his demand for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ORR. I think it is likely that we can get
along faster by pursuing a different course. With
the permission of the gentleman from Alabama, I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
[Cries of" That's it!" and " No!" " No !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my motion, for
the purpose of enabling thegentleman from South
Carolina to submit his motion.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as cotrectly enrolled bills of
the following titles, which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act to constitute Madison, in the State of
Indiana, a port of delivery.
An act to create a collection district for Texas
and New Mexico.
