490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
upon the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does it not re-
quire a two-third vote to make it a special order?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. LILLY. If this bill goes to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, without
making it a special order, will it not be in the
power of that committee to take it up at any time?
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
committee to take up any bill upon the Calendar.
The question is now upon the motion to refer to
the-Committee of the "Whole.
Mr. ORR. I see, in looking at the Calendar,
that the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs stands the fifth upon the docket in the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FLORENCE. Did I understand the
Speaker to say that a majority of the House is
competent to consider a bill refesred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole at any time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it now in order to move
to proceed to consider bills upon the Calendar?
The SPEAKER. Not being in committee, it
would not be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Would it be in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to consider that bill upon,
the Calendar? The gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] referred to the fact that more than
two months ago, the Committee on Naval Affairs
reported a bill, m substance, precisely what this
bill is. That bill is upon the Calendar, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and I ask whether it be in order now to
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with special reference to the consideration of that
bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion would not be
in order. It would be in order to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but there is already a privileged question before the
House. The Chair decides that the bill must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and there being no motion to refer it to any
one of the standing committees of the House, the
Chair orders the bill to be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of Union, without
a vote. The question arises upon making the bill
the special order for to-morrow and the next day
two weeks.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the Chair allow me a
single word upon this matter ? I do not desire to
trouble the House  
[Cries of " Order I" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to debate
the question at all. 1 merely wish to make an
inquiry, and not to make a speech. But to ascer-
tain how to pursue that course under the rules
of the House, as will best attain the purpose I
have in view, to secure the immediate passage of
this bill, if possible to do so to-day. The press-
ing importance of it, in my judgment, is very
great. Appearances and advices from abroad in-
dicate a protracted European Continental war of
the most sanguinary character, and, in that event,
it is the duty of the Government to afford protec-
tion to vessels of our commercial marine, sailing
under the flag- of our country; besides, to prevent
spoliations upon our commerce with the world,
and, generally, to insure safety to our citizens and
flag everywhere. The resources of the Ameri-
can Navy are not, at present, sufficiently large for
that purpose. The loss by revenue from customs
alone, will, in all probability, in a few years,
more than pay the cost of building and equipping
the six steamers provided for in this bill, indepen-
dently of the loss of property and life winch may
occur, if adequate means of protection is not
speedily afforded to prevent it. Prudence, econ-
omy, and duty, alt prompt speedy action; and it
is in obedience to the universal sentiment pervad-
ing the hearts of the great masses of the Ameri-
can people. I hope this House will act promptly
and properly upon this important subject.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is the motion made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock.J to suspend the rules so as
to make the bill under consideration the special
older for to-morrow and the next day two weeks.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ofdered.
Mr. WALSH demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Vail and Campbell were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and there were—
ayes 91, noes 48.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The* yeas and nays were
demanded and refused upon this proposition.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. GALLEGOS (Mr. Phelps acting as in-
terpreter) offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency .mil propriety of pro-
vision being made for the payment of the compensation due
to the civil officers employed in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, while it was under military government, and of re-
funding to that Territory the sum paid said officers from its
treasury, as a part of said compensation, according to the
report of the Secretary of War to Congress, contained in
the Senate Executive Document, No. 71, parts 1 and 2,
Thirty-Second Congress, first oession.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask whether this is a res-
olution of inquiry, or whether it proposes definite
action ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is merely a resolution of
inquiry.
The resolution was then considered and agreed
to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Rills, reported, as correctly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; which received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Mary C. Hamilton;
An act granting five years' half pay to the wid-
ow of captain James W. Gunnison;
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart,a pay-
master iu the United States Ariny ;
An act for the relief of Allen G. Johnson; and
An act for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth C.
Smith, of Missouri.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. MILLER. On Friday last the Committee
of Elections reported a resolution to this House,
declaring that the sitting Delegate from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico was entitled to his seat upon
this floor. That report and resolution were con-
curred in by the House without investigation,
without consideration, and without even having
been printedand laid upon the tables of the mem-
bers of the House.
Govenor Lane, the contestant, as is known to
the members of the House, was not entitled to a
place upon this floor, nor could he occupy a seat
here, until the contest had been decided by the
House in bis favor. He was not notified by the
chairman, or any member of the committee, that
the report would be made upon that day, nor did
he know that it was made until he was subse-
quently informed of the fact, and after the resolu-
tion had been acted upon by the House.
The report and resolution were concurred in,
and the vote by which it was concurred in was
afterwards reconsidered, and the motion to recon-
sider laid upon the table; thus closing up the whole
matter without the slighest investigation upon the
part of the House, and without affording the con-
testant the slightest opportunity of investigating
the report, or of presenting his claims before the
i House and the country.
I am but little familiar with the mode of pro-
cedure in cases of this kind, but it does strike me
that it would be eminently proper, when the right
of a member or delegate in this House is a matter
of contest, that it should not be passed over more
hurriedly than other matters of ordinary legisla-
tion.
I deem it due to Governor Lane to say that he
desires the House and the country to know that
i he wishes his claim examined, not from personal
; considerations, but because he believes it due to
; those who sent him here; for becomes here at the
instance and urgent solicitation of many of the
people of New Mexico, to assert his right to the
I seat, and he asks that his claim should be invest-
igated. I think such an investigation eminently
l' proper in this case, for the reason that, upon the
i credentials presented by the sitting member, it
appears that there were gross irregularities in the
election, and that the Governor and Secretary of
State, who made out those credentials, and gave
the certificate to the sitting member, excluded from
the count several hundred votes; and it also ap-
pears, from the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions, that there was great irregularity in the
election.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is aware that the subject is not debatable.
Mr. MILLER. I am aware of that fact, and
'I am only prefacing the motion which I intend to
submit with this statement, in order that the
House may act understandingly on the question.
I ask the indulgence of the House that I may
make this statement as an act of justice to a claim-
ant who cannot be heard upon this floor unless
an opportunity is afforded him by reconsidering
the action of the House last Friday. I make the
motion, which I am about to submit, as an act of
courtesy and justice to him; for 1 think it due to
him that he should be heard in the matter.
I was remarking, that it appears upon the cre-
dentials of the sitting member that hundreds of
votes were excluded by the Governor and Secre-
tary of the Territory in making out the count;
and, if I understand the report of the Committee
of Elections aright, that committee also report that
great irregularities did exist in the election, not
only in the manner in which it was held, but in
the returns which were made. I hold, therefore,
that it is right and proper that the House should
have before them the report which was made. I
was not present at the time the report was made on
Friday last, and do not know whether that report
was read through, but from my own knowledge of
the complicated case presented by the contestant,
I am sure it is utterly impossible for the House to
understand it without an investigation of the re-
port after it shall have been printed.
Sir, I deem it but an act of justice to the contest-
ant, who has no right to a seat on this floor, when
that report was presented, that his claim shall re-
ceive at least that consideration and investigation
which is accorded to the humblest claimant who
presents his claim here for dollars and cents; it is
worthy of such consideration, because it involves
a high and sacred right and privilege—because it
involves the purity of the elective franchise itself.
If, as the committee report, irregularities did exist
in the election in New Mexico, I hold that it is
due to the people of that Territory that this
House should so act upon the question that those
irregularities may be prevented for the future. It
may be said that the Territory of New Mexico
embraces a large population, who are unacquainted
with our language and our laws. That is true, I
presume. But ignorance of the law is no justifi-
cation for its violation. These irregularities in
elections should be checked, and the election laws
observed, if we would preserve unimpaired this
great franchise of the citizen. And I understand
that this is not the only election m which such ir-
regularities have occurred.
I have understood that irregularities existed in
the first election which was held in the Territory
for a Delegate to Congress. And the gentleman
who was defeated in that canvass was urged to
contest the election there, but declined to°do it.
And I understand from the contestant here, that
he was urged by men of all parties in New Mexico
to come here to contest the right of the sitting
member; and he holds that it is not only an act of
justice to himself, but an act of justice to those
whom he believes he is entitled to represent upon
this floor, that his case should be heard; that the
matter should be investigated by this House, and
that their judgment should be passed on it after
full and thorough investigation.
I now appeal to this House, whether they have
given this case, involving the rights and interests
of the people of New Mexico, that full and fair
investigation which will enable each member on
this floor to say that he voted understandingly
when he voted to sustain the report of this com-
mittee? This is all we ask. And, sir, for the pur-
pose of having the matter fully investigated, I
submit the motion that the rules be suspended, to
enable me to take from the table of the House the
resolution submitted by the Committee of Elec-
tions, not for the purpose of considering if now,
but for the purpose of bringing it again before the
House after the report has been printed, and laid
upon the tables of members, so that when called
