1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
on to vote they may vote understanding!;^ If
this be done, the contestant and the people of the
Territory will be satisfied.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I trust that
the House will indulge me in making a few re-
marks in reply to what has been said by the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
made the report from the committee, and certainly
ought to be indulged.
There was no objection to the gentleman pco-
ceeding to reply.
Mr. STANTON. The report was made last
Friday, and it was not without calm and attentive
consideration by the committee who were intrusted
with the duty of doing so. Both the parties were
before the Committee on Elections. The investi-
gation occupied a period of more than two months.
The committee met sometimes once, sometimes
twice,and I believe as often as three times a week.
The parties had every facility afforded them for
the purpose of making a thorough and searching
examination with all the facts connected with the
subject. Why, sir, we postponed the proceed-
ings for more than two weeks, in order that Colonel
Lane might himself scrutinize every paper and
every figure which was on them. Well, after
hearing both sides, after examining all the testi-
mony, the committee were unanimously of the
opinion that Colonel Lane had no shadow of right.
It is true that an attempt was made to show,
not fraud in the voters, not fraud in the manner
of conducting the election, but that fraud had been
committed in making the returns—not in altering
or changing the returns, but in the manner in
which they were communicated to the Secretary
of the Territory. We regard that as a mere ir-
regularity, and the report admits on its face that
there was irregularity in making the returns. The
forms of elections, as laid down by the law, are
complex and difficult. Those who had to carry
them out did not understand the language. It
was a new country, the government just organized,
and great allowances ought necessarily to be made
for that condition of things. The committee were
disposed to make it, in the absence of all fraud on
the part of the voters, the candidates, or anybody
else concerned.
The gentleman says that the certificate of elec-
tion which was given to the sitting member, Senor
Gallegos, showed on its face that certain votes
had been excluded. The gentleman misappre-
hended the fact. His credentials show no such
thing; but there is a certificate from the secretary
of the Territory, giving an abstract of all the
votes, and making three or four calculations, each
one differing from the other.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from Kentucky allow me to ask
him a single question? Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the canvassing officer did not
undertake to purge the poll-book?
Mr. STANTON. I say the Secretary of the
Territory submits the certificates, and sends them
here with the papers, in which 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman to another point. Jose
Manuel Gallegos is admitted here upon the cer-
tificate of the Governor. It was irregular, but it
was not such an irregularity as to exclude him, I
admit. The Governor, in making out the list of
votes, and giving a certificate, takes away from
each one of the candidates some several hundred
votes, (or else I have greatly mistaken the certifi-
cate,) and it is that to which 1 wish to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON. I intended to explain that
matter; and it is susceptible of an easy explana-
tion. The certificate of the Secretary contains four
calculations. In the first he sets down such votes
as are not disputed; and in that he comes up per-
fectly to the requirements of the law. In that cal-
culation he excludes returns where the poll-books
do notshow where each man's name is numbered,
from one down to the end of the list. In another
instance he excludes those which have the num-
bers, butdo not indicate, upon thefaceof the poll-
books, for whom each individual voted. The law
requires that there shall be an abstract containing
that information, which shall accompany the poll-
book; and it requires that the list of votes shall be
sent to the Secretary of the Territory. In the next
column he excludes all votes which were excepted
to. In the third column he makes no exclusion.
In the fourth column, which is the true basis of
calculation, h$ admits all the votes polled at the
election. There is no proof that any of those
votes were fraudulently cast. Of all the votes
cast at the election, we have excluded only some
two hundred odd, polled by the Pueblo Indians,
who, under the law of the Territory, had no right
to vote.
The law requires that the probate judge shall or-
ganize the election and appoint officers to conduct
it, and shall furnish them with poll-books. The
probate judge in this case did not discharge that
duty, for the reason that the law did not require
him to do it. But the Indians met, and organized
themselves into an election district, and appointed
their chiefs as judges; and afterwards, in the town
meetings held the elections and sentup the returns.
The committee have only excluded those two hun-
dred and eight Indian votes.
Mr. MILLER. I stated that the credentials
submitted by the sitting Delegate presented the
fact that there was irregularity in the election.
The gentleman joins issue with meupon that ques-
tion. I hold in my hand a copy of the certificate
of the Secretary of State, and I beg leave to call
the attention of the gentleman to it. I will read
a portion of it:
" T, W. S. Misservy, Secretary of the Territory of New
Mexico, do herebv certify that on September 20, A. D,
1853, and m the presence of the Governor of said Territory,
I proceeded to count the returns of the votes given at a
general election held on the fifth day of September last, for a
Delegate to the Thirty-Tim d Congress of the United States,
and that counting the entire vote as returned to this otfiee
by the several prefects, the result stands as follows :
Jos£ Manuel Gallegos received 4,97L votes.
William Cair Lane received 4.526 "
Majority for Jo&e Manuel Gallegos  455 "
And fhat after throwing out of the count such returns as
were not made in strict accordance with law, the result
stands as follows:
J 056 Manuel Gallegos received 2,806 votes.
William Carr Lane received 2,267 "
Majority for Jos£ Manuel Gallegos  539 "
Therefoie I, the said W. S. Misservy, Secretary as afore-
said, do heieby certify that tiie said Manuel Gallegos
was and is duly elected the Delegate from said Territoiy to
the Thirty-Third Congress of the United States, according
to law."
This shows that the Governor and Secretary
excluded over four thousand votes, and yet the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] says
that there was no irregularity, and no votes ex-
cluded by the Governor and Secretary in their
count, because of irregularity or illegality.
Mr. STANTON. The Governor and secre-
tary did make the calculation, and did present it,
and the committee had to examine these creden-
tials. The question was, whether these votes
were irregularly excluded. The committee came
to the unanimous conclusion that, though there
were irregularities in the returns, yet they ought
not to be excluded, because they were not of a
character to justify the exclusion. The Secretary
himself does not say that they were excluded,
because he piesented the other calculation, and
upon the result of that calculation he gives a cer-
tificate.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Mit.tf.e]
complains that the committee did not give Colonel
Lane notice that we intended to present this re-
port to the House. It is possible that we may have
done wrong in that respect, but I do not know that
it was our duty to inform Colonel Lane as to the
character of the report which we intended to
make. I did not know that the gentleman from
Missouri desiied to contest this matter, for if I
had known that he or any other gentleman de-
sired to be present at the meeting of the com-
mittee, and discuss this matter, I should have been
courteous enough to have given him the oppor-
tunity of doing so. I did not know that it was
the desire of Colonel Lane to discuss the matter.
He had requested me to present his case. I did so,
and the report made by the committee was pre-
sented to the House. I made no motion to stop
debate, or call the previous question, or press for
a vote upon it, and when I presented it, I made
no remarks. I did not even make a motion to
put the resolution upon its passage. It seems to
me, that the House ought not to open the ques-
tion again.
Mr. HAVEN. What is the precise motion
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
suspend the rules so as to enable the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Miller] to make a motion
to take from the table a motion to reconsider the
vote of the House, adopting the report made by
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to say but a word. I
doubt not the Committee of Elections are satisfied
with the conclusion at which they have arrived in
this matter. That is not now the question before
the House. If we are to take the argument of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] as a
sound one, t-hen there is no necessity for investi-
gating any matter that is reported by a committee
of this House, if it be merely sufficient that a
majority report for or against it. I desire only
that the same course shall be pursued in the in-
vestigation of this case which is pursued in a mat-
ter of dollars and cents. When the committee of
which I am a member—the Committee of Claims
—make a report, and introduce a bill or resolution
appropriating §100 out of the Treasury for the
payment of a just claim, it is not taken for granted
by the House that that appropriation ought to be
made because the committee recommend it, but
the question is referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, where it may be sifted and exam-
ined. I think that we should at least be willing to
adopt such a rule upon a question involving the
right of a Delegate or a Representative to a seat
upon this floor. That is all we ask.
There are gentlemen all around me, and I doubt
not there are gentlemen all over the House, who
are wholly unacquainted with the facts in this
case. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stan-
ton] says that it is only a question of irregularity;
that there is no fraud in the case. I can well im-
agine that there may be questions of this character
so grossly violating the law as to vitiate an elec-
tion, and cases in which neither of the contestants
! should be admitted to a seat upon this floor; but
they should be sent back to the people, that such
irregularities might be corrected, and the election
conducted in pursuance of the law. The contest-
ant holds in this case that there has been such
irregularity. I desire an opportunity, not only
to decide upon the merits of this case for my-
self, but I desire that the gentleman who contests
the right of the sitting Delegate upon this floor
should have justice done to him, and that the
people of the Territory may be satisfied that the
l House has given the application of the contestant
that fair and impartial hearing which is due to
! every citizen who presents a claim for the consid-
! eration of this House.
| The SPEAKER. The gentlemen of the House
| will recollect that, after the resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections was adopted by the
House, a motion was made to reconsider, and the
j motion to reconsider laid upon the table. The
1 gentleman from Missouri now moves to suspend
| the rules, to enable him to submit a motion that
the report may again be taken from the table and
| considered.
Mr. HAVEN. If the House will permit me, I
: will say, that although I am not acquainted with
I the merits of this controversy, I do not doubt that
1 the Committee of Elections have faithfully dis-
charged their duty, and I do not understand that
, the application of the gentleman from Missouri
looks to the impeaching of their integrity, or the
| correctness with which they have examined into
| the matter; not at all. I understand him to put it
upon the ground that this is a subject upon which
■ the House has no particular knowledge, and which
1 has been acted upon with more precipitation than
i is usually manifested upon a case of mereordinary
I importance; and, inasmuch as it involves a prin-
ciple connected with the elective franchise, and for
■ the purpose of securingan intelligent investigation
into matters of this kind, upon which the upright-
ness and independence of the members of this
i House hinges, I would submit whether it would
not be better to place the subject at least in acon-
!, dition where the House can give to the constitu-
i! ents of the sitting Delegate from New Mexico
I' their intelligent opinion, after a proper investiga-
'■ tion, that he is rightfully entitled to the seat which
[ he occupies. It seems to me that the resolution is
a fair one, and I hope the House will entertain and
adopt it.
i Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire sim-
ply to inquire whether the resolution which was
' passed the other day was passed under the op-
; eration of the previous question'
; The SPEAKER. It was not. The previous
i question was not demanded upon its passage.
