120%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
alluded to by my friend from Alabama. I believe
the expenses of public printing in the State whence
I come have amounted, in a single year, to some
S200,000. We are a reading community there.
ur people are anxions to know everything that
is done in our State Legislature, and we have to
juicur extraordinary expenses in order to give them
that information. But here, sir, is a simple prop-
osition that the editors of the Sentinel shall pub-
lish the proceedings of this body, and receive $4 50
a column for so doing. 1 do not know of ary
person who objects to it very strenuously, except
my worthy friend from Arkansas, who seems to
have started oft' on the wrong track, and ! am
afraid the further he goes, the further he will be
from what I consider right.
Mr, JOHNSON. The Senator from California
is mistaken, t did not object to this. I should
be glad to see it done. I am in a somewhat pe-
culiar position in regard to it. I do not object to
this proposition, but I did not feel disposed to let
it pass without discharging a duty which I felt I
owed to the Senate, and that was to-state the cir-
cumstances which 1 narrated.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I presume it
will be admitted on all hands that the necessity for
the publication of the proceedings and debates of
this body is for one of two purposes. It is either
for the information of the body itself, or for the
information of the people at large; or, perhaps,
for the information of both. If it be the intention,
of the Senate to publish its debates solely for the
information of the Senate itself, I submit that the
publication in the Globe is all that is required; but
if the object of the Senate be more extended than
that; if we desire, by the employment of stenog-
raphers, and by the publication of our debates and
proceedings, that information of them shall go be-
yond the Senate itself, it must be manifest that
you should enlarge, in some way, the circulation
of the Globe, or that you should publish the de-
bates and'proceedings of the Senate m some other
paper than the Globe. That is nota political paper;
and it has, therefore, no political circulation. For
the purpose for which it is designed—as the mere
instrument for securing faithful reports of the pro-
ceedings and debates of this body—I look upon it
as perfect as a paper can be.
I had supposed that my honorable friend from
Michigan [Mr, Stuart] would offer some amend-
ment, proposing to increase the number of copies
of the Globe furnished to the Senate, so that we
should be enabled to send to our constituents,
through that medium, as accurate a report of the
proceedings and debates here as can be produced
by anybody who may be employed. He has not
submitted such a proposition, and I do not know
whether he now designs to do so; but if he does,
I shall support it with a great deal of pleasure
when it is submitted. I think that it is just as
important to us that the information which is em-
bodied in these reports should go to the country,
as that we ourselves should have the pleasure, as
it may or may not be, to read them over every
morning at our seats. We, who are here, hear
what is said. It cannot, therefore, be very im-
Eortant that the speeches which are made should
e taken down by the stenographers employed at
thepublicexpense, and printed every morning and
laid upon our tables, merely for our own accom-
modation. I had the pleasure of listening some
days ago to the honorable gentleman who now
occupies the chair, [Mr. Badger.] and 1 had as full
an understanding, and a better one, of his views
by hearing that argument than I could have by
reading it. The great object, the intention in
view in incurring this expense for the publication
of our proceedings, is that what is published may
go to the people for theirjinformation. I do be-
lieve, therefore, that it would be higkly important
if, without any exorbitant expense, we could have
the proceedings of Congress published in all the
papers of the country. If the public Treasury
would afford it, they should be published in all
the papers of the country. It would be better for
ourselves, and I hope it would be better for the
country that they should have a full knowledge
of what is done here. It would make every gen-
tleman more anxious not to say what his own
reason did not approve of; and we-should be en-
abled, I think, to get along better if our proceed-
ings were published everywhere.
The proposition of my friend from Indiana is
jjot so extensive as I was led to hope it would be.
I thought the intention was to authorize the Sec-
retary of this body to engage the Intelligencer, the
Union, and the Sentinel at the prices indicated in
the resolution to publish the proceedings and de-
bates of this body, if they would consent to pub-
lish them within some reasonable time after they
occur. I understood that my friend from Michi-
gan intended also, to embrace the Intelligencer and
the Union in the programme which he desired to
submit.
Mr. STUART. I will offer, asan amendment
to the resolution of the Senator from Indiana, the
proposition which has been alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, and I shall ask the attention
of the Senate for a few minutes while I express
my views on the subject, i move to amend the
resolution by striking out all aftertheword " Re-
solved, " and inserting:
That the Secretary of ihe Senate be, and lie is hereby,
directed to contrat-t with the proprietors of Uie Washing-*
ton Sentinel, the Washington Union, and the National In-
telligencer, lor publishing all the pioceeditigs and debates
of the Senate, or with such of them as shall desire tn do
so: Provided, That such publication shall be done within
such time a* the said Secretary *hall deem proper, and at
the rate of $4 50 per column; and that be contract with
the proprietor of the Globe lor five thousand additional
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the
present Congress.
Mr. WELLER. There is no objection to that
Mr. BRIGHT. I accept that. I proposed to
offer it myseif yesterday morning, if it could then
have been agreed upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The original proposition will be so modified.
Mr. JOHNSON. The latter part of the propo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan relates, I be-
lieve, to the Congressional Globe and Appendix.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to suggest that that
feature in regard to the Congressional Globe and
Appendix be disconnected from this matter. It is
a separate and distinct feature, having relation to
the reporting, to which the proposition of the
Senator from Indiana has no reference whatever.
If that is to he introduced into this question, we
might as weft adjourn, because 1 am satisfied it
will lead to one week's debate. If that part of
the subject be introduced now, I am sure you will
not get it determined very soon.
Mr. STUART. The substitute which 1 have
offered, it will be seen, covers in its terms the
whole subject of the reporting and publishing of
the proceedings and debates .of the Senate. Now,
I respectfully submit to the Senate that several
assertions have been made here which are not
precisely correct. The price which has been fixed,
and which is now paid for reporting and publish-
ing in the Globe, is $7 50 per column. The ex- i
penence which all the papers who have attempted
to perform this service have had upon the sub-
ject, agrees in concluding that $3 50, which was '
the original sum intended for reporting, is a price
that is not remunerative.
Sir, I apprehend that an error has been fallen
into in fconnection with this point. The Intelli-
gencer and Union, publishing as they do political
papers, found it not to be remunerative to report
and publish the debates of the Senate at $7 50 per
column, and thechief difficulty was that §3 50 was
not enough for reporting. My amendment looks
to relieving the Globe from that difficulty. As
reporter*and publisher of the proceedings and
debates of the Senate, the Globe is continuously a
loser I believe it is also true that $4 is a remu-
nerative price for publishing.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to a few facts connected with this subject, for I
certainly think, with ail respect to those Senators
who have suggested that this is a very plain and
simple thing, and ought to be disposed of in a
minute or two, that it is a subject which involves
very serious considerations m several points of
view.
In the first place, it will be seen by an inspec-
tion of the Daily Globe, which is laid on our
tables, that that paper is not only filled daily with
the proceedings of Congress, but almost every
day is obliged to publish an extra sheet. Now, it
cannot be supposed that the publisher of the pro-
ceedings and debates of the Senate will content
himself with publishing nothing in respect to the
business of the House of Representatives. His
object is to publish a paper to the country which
will be a desirable paper, and will command
patronage. He must, therefore, publish the pro-
ceedings of the other House; and if he does, I
ask, what room will he have for general intelli-
gence? I am now speaking of the proceeding
under these resolutions, if their intention be car-
ried out by the publication of the proceedings and
debates as they progress daily, only one day be-  
hind the Globe in the publication, f say his paper
will be filled, and he will, as often as one half
the time, be compelled to have an additional half
sheet, simply to give the proceedings of Congress.
Then how is he to publish the general intelligence
of the country ?
Mr. BRIGHT. To what papers does the
Senator allude?
Mr. STUART. I speak of the Sentinel, or of
any other paper which may publish under the
resolution. Let the Senator from Indiana under-
stand me. I say the Senator's inspection of the
Daily Globe,"which is laid upon our tables, will
show that there is a full sheet every day, and an
additional half sheet, perhaps as often as every
other day, of the proceedings in Congress alone.
The resolution looks to the publication of these
proceedings daily in other papers being only
twenty-four hours behind the publication in ^ie
Globe. 1 repeat to the Senator, and I would like
to have him understand it, what room will there
be in the Sentinel, or the Union, or the Intelli-
gencer, for general, political,and other intelligence,
if this be done? None at all. What will be the
consequence ? Why you will have your contracts
nullified at the outset. You will have a mere pen-
sioner upon your purse. He will take the money,
but he cannot publish the proceedings unless he
devotes his paper exclusively to them.
Mr. WELLER. May he not publish what
he chooses ?
Mr. STUART. That suggestion of the Sena-
tor from California goes to show the difficulty.
The very object which is intended to be provided
against here is not to permit a paper to take out
and publish what he chooses. That is what has
been done heretofore. The Union takes up and
publishes the speeches which suit it, the Sentinel
such as suit that, and the Intelligencer such as
suit that paper. What is the consequence ? Why,
the Senate professes to send to the country the
debates on a subject, while it sends out a partial
statement through each of -these papers. This
goes to show you that the Senate is safe and right,
and is performing its whole duty to the country,
when it confines its reporting and publishing to
the Globe, which gives the whole of the debates
on every subject. Then, if these other papers,
political in their character, containing general in-
telligence, suiting the tastes and judgment of the
editors, see fit to select from the pioceedings of
the Senate or of the House, or of both, they have
a right to do so; but it goes to the country as
their side of the question. The country under-
stands it to be their side of the question, and not
to be the current proceedings and debates of the
Senate.
It is for this reason that I am opposed to the
whole proposition further than remunerating the
Globe. 1 am for remunerating the Globe, and
remunerating it in the way suggested, by taking
additional copies. Why? Because it amounts
to the same thing in point of economy as paying
additional dollars, and you get the additional in-
formation. I propose to increase the subscription
to the Congressional plobe, by the amount of five
thousand copies, which will give to each Senator
eighty copies, leaving forty surplus. By having
i this number distributed, you send the whole in-
; teliigence of your proceedings to the country,
j The reports in that paper are what they purport
i to be, the proceedings and debates of the Senate.
; I shall, before I get through, propose to refer the
whole question to the Committee on Printing, for
the purpose of bringing the subject properly before
the Senate.
I will now be a little more specific about this
matter, and I feel myself bound at this point to
offer an apology to the Senate for detaining them
at all. 1 have submitted, thus far, my general
views, and now I wish to be a little specific in
regard to the particular proposition.
I understand the circulation of the Sentinel to be
about nine hundred copies daily. Perhaps I am
not correct in this, but such is the report. The
cost of publishing the correct debates and pro-
ceedings of the Senate for a Congress, at $4 50
