1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2061
Also, in lino eighteen hundred and fifteen, strike out the
words " and so forth," and at the end of the line insert
the following : c' Foi furnishing and putting up new fur-
naces, repairing ola turuaces, rebuilding and ventilating
air chambers of the House of Representatives, $-1,500;"
so that the amendment, as amended, will read :
For painting and itpairs inside of the Capitol, new fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber and Supreme Court room,
{jjS.OOU.
Fotfuiuishmg otid putting up new furnaces, repairing
old furnaces, lebuilding, and ventilating air chambers of
the House or Representatives, $-4,500.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The amendment' of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
One hundred and forty-fourth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for two
hunched and twenty feet and five inches of granite coping,
used in the improvement of the triangular square at the
corner of Thirteenth street and Pem^ylvania avenue.
§515 47.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a mistake, as I
understand, in the printing: of the next amend-
ment. There are two amendments instead of one,
and the Senate have omitted numbering the first
amendment which is to stride out all from line
eighteen hundi ed and sixty-one to line eighteen
hundred and seventy-one inclusive. That will be
amendment number one hundred and forty-four
and one half.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope the
Clerk will read what is proposed to be stricken
out, and that the committee will not agree to strike
it out.
One hundred and forty-four and a half amend-
ment:
Strike out the following proviso : " Provided, That each
and all persons who have been, or may be, appointed here-
aftet tn di^hur-e the money which is now, or may hereafter
be, appropuated tor the budding or repair of any of the
edifices or structures lor which appropuations are'made in
this act, and :ir< not now requited by law to give bond and
secuiity, shall give bond, with good securities, in sufficient
penalty, to be approved of by the head of the Depattment
undei which such disbursement may be made, or the Pres-
ident ot the United State*, when the work shall be specifi-
cally under his. direction."
The clause, as amended by the Senate amend-
ment, would read:
For the Capitol extension, ,$'750,000.
Mr. PULLER. Would it be in order for me
to move an amendment by striking out and insert-
ing?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
such an amendment would be in order.
Mr. FULLER. 1 then offer the following
amendment, which I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer:
To make a report and synopsis, to be furnished to Con-
gress at the first of the next «e*-.ion, showing the changes
and alteration^ made in compiling and codifying the revenue
laws, explanatory of the .-arne, to be pre;),in;,1 by the di-
rection of the Secietary of the Treasury, .^'o,000, and—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN-. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not germane to the Sen-
ate amendment. •
Mr. FULLER. I suggested to the Chair
whether striking out and inserting in the amend-
ment would not be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The words proposed to
be inserted wouid have to be germane to the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. FULLER. My amendment is germane
to the subject of the Senate's amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. Rut not germane, to the
pending amendment of the Senate.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was non-concurred it.
One hundred and forty-fifth amendment:
For contmuitu: the work for a supply of water to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, £50i>,000 : Provided,
Tliat no part of the sum hereby appropriated shall he ex-
pended until tiie corporation-*- of Washington and George-
town, oi either of them, shall appiopriato and pay an
amou-it equal to one loucth of said sum foi the same piu-
pot.o, and shall agree to pay in hk-> maimer the same pro
portion ol all future appropnatfon* ; and full power and
aiuUonty are hereby given to said corporation?, respect-
ively, to raise. by h><in or othenvi-e, any sum of money
that'niav bv- iwefs>aiy Jo enable them, oi either of them, to
make the a-.pr"pi lation in rem required ; and the said cor-
porations oi WcHmniton ana Georgetown, and the inhab-
itant-* ot tin' said eiues re-peetiv< ly, or the corporation
making the appropriation, and the inhabitants or such city,
shall be authouzed to use the sutpius water which may be
brought by the Washington aqueduct, after supplying the
Government establishments m Washington, under "such
General rules and regulations a*< may hereafter be pr-i-enbed
by Congress; and each of said corporations shall have the
right to charge and collect of the inhabitants of such city
such iea-<oiiable lax or rent for the use of the water as will
provide (or the regular payment ot the niteie.-t, and the
gradual payment oi the puncipal, of any money which may
be raised under the authority hereby given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and forty-sixth amendment:
For completing the bridge over the Potomac river, near
the Little Fails, $75,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committeeof
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair, for information. If the com-
mittee do not concur in the Senate's amendment,
will it then be in order to offer an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment be non-
concurred m, it will have been disposed of.
Mr. SMITH. Then, as the amendment is to
go over, I will not raise a question now. Let us
vote on the Senate's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Virginia as offering an
amendment?
Mr. SMITH. I have sent an amendment to
the Clerk's desk, but the suggestion hus been
made that we shall concur in the Senate's amend-
ment, and then have a vote by the yeas and nays
in the House. 1 have no objection to that.
[Cries of "Question! "Question!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the Senate, in which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend non-concur-
rence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concur!ed in.
One hundred and forty-seventh amendment:
For permanent repair of the root oi the Capitol with cop-
per, {£2,000.
Mr. JONES, ofTcnnessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-eighth amendment:
Paste seventy-eight, line one thoiKand nine hundred and
twelve, strikeout the word " on," and insertm lieu theieof
the word •' and,'' so as to make tile clause read :
For lighting (be President"-: hou^e and Capitol, the pub-
lic grounds around them, and around the Executive office*,
and Pennsylvania avenue, $22,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-ninth amendment:
Pago seventy-nine, line one thousand nine hundred and
sixteen, among the appropriations for public buildings and
grounds, insert the foilq^ving :
For furnishing lamps and lamp posts from Sixteenth to
Seventeenth streets on Pennsylvania avenue, in iront of
Lalayeite square, £">00.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
!, One hundred and fiftieth amendment:
[ | Insert after tin: preceding amendment, the following :
For completing the improvement ot Pennsylvania avenue
i; west of Seventeenth street, ^9,000.
|j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The Committee of
j Ways andMeans recommend a non-concurrence:
j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 desire to
]j offer the following amendment to that Senate
| amendment. It is to add after the words "dol-
j, lars," the following:
|! And for a culvert across Judiciary square, .$5,oO0.
j! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
| is not in order, and I would say to the gentleman
. from Kentucky that there is not a drop of water
!, in Judiciary square, or within a whole street of it.
j] Mr. STANTON. The Commissioner of Pub-
.1 lie Buildings says there is.
! Mr. JONES. E street is between Judiciary
| square and that drain to which the Commissioner
' refers.
Mr. STANTON. I think the amendment is
■ in order. There have been general laws for the
j last forty years for making improvements in the .
j city of Washington, and this amendment is part !
of the system. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Ch-ir thinks the!
ii question of order well taken, and rules the amend- |
ment out of order. We are now considering a
Senate amendment, and no amendment is in order
to that, except one which is germane to that amend-
ment. The Chair cannot see that an amendment
to provide for the construction of a culvert across
Judiciary square is germane to the improvement
of Pennsylvania avenue, which is the object of
the Senate amendment.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the Senate's amendment; and it was decided in
the negative.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-first amendment:
After the last amendment insert the following:
To reimburse the expenditure made by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings for the repair of the Potomac bridge,
when injured by fire, §4,500.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-second amendment:
Page seventy-nine, line one thousand nine hundred and
twent^seveu, after the appropriation for completing the
Patent Office Building, insert:
For altering the streets, and repairing in front of the east
wmgot the Patent Office, putting up iron railings, fiaging
footway, putting in order yaids, painting new saloon of the
Patent Office in fresco, .$11,250.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have just received a note
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, asking for an appropriation—which the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended at
one time—for additional repairs to the Patent
Office. It is for fitting up a portion of the base-
ment of that building, in order to locate some of
the clerks in it. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office assures me that the Commis-
sioner of Patents and the Secretary of the Interior
concur m the recommendation.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Foi iron lading and flag]rig in front of the old portion of
the Patent Oilice Building, tor altering the windows in the
rear, and dressing off the granite to conform to the front,
and ioi private stairway m the building, $5,730.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, as amended; and
being taken, it was decided m the affirmative.
St) the amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-third amendment:
For tue.l for PicsideiU'*' House, $-1,000.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means have recommended a concur-
rence in that amendment, but I hope it will be
non-concurred in.
The question was put; and the Chair announced
the vote tn the negative.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 rise to a question of or-
der. I rose and addressed the Chair before the
question was put upon concurring in the amend-
ment. I desire to speak in reference to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman, nor did he hear him until after
the vote had been announced.
Mr. PECKHAM. Well, sir, \ desire to speak
upon this item. It is true the amount involved
is very small, very contemptible; but the princi-
ple involved is a very important one. It is quite
unusual in the history of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not unusual. The same
item has heietofore been allowed.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will, however, inform the gentleman,
that he had announced that the amendment was
non-concurred tn.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then I have nothing to
say. I thought the question was decided differ-
ently.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I submit that the
amendment has not been decided. I call for tel-
lers.
Tellers were not ordered; and the amendment
was non-concurred m.
One hundred and fifty-fourth amendment:
For a fuiniicc keeper for the President's House, §3G5.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committeeof
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence, but
I think the amendment ought to be non-concurred
in.
Mr PECKHAM. I move to reduce the amount
specified m the amendment five dollars.
As m the last amendment, the amount invofor
