1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12 OS
a column, would be about $16,000. Then the
proposition is to pay $16,000 for a circulation of
the debates among nine hundred people. I think
that if this were a proposition to publish the pro-
ceedings in the National Era upon these terms^ I
could very soon get a vote from the Senate that'll
was unconstitutional. To pay $16,000 for each
Congress for a circulation of nine hundred comes
pretty near to what has been denominated to-day
an abuse of power. I do not deny that we have
the power.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator assert, in
all seriousness, that, if the proposition were to
pay the National Era on the same terms, he could
get a vote that it was unconstitutional, simply
from the name and character of the paper ?
Mr. STUART. I said I thought so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, that is not a very
high estimate of this body, and I think it is rather
below the eentleman.
Mr. STUART. I am in the habit of being in-
terrupted; I believe I never yet rose in the Senate
but several honorable Senators wished to inter-
rupt me. Now I will furnish the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas an example which ought to
convince him on this point. He got up here in
the Senate the other day, and stated that he had
previously been an unqualified advocate of the
homestead bill, but that he had come to the con-
clusion that it savored so strongly of abolitionism
that he could not go for it any longer. I there-
fore took it for granted that he probably would be
among those who would object to giving this pat-
ronage, if i may use that term, to the National
Era.
Mr. JOHNSON". Let the Senator state my
position exactly as I stated it, and as it is, and I
am willing to abide by it, but he has not stated it
correctly, and therefore I will claim the privilege
of stating it myself in brief terms.
Mr. STUART. I will certainly grant that.
Mr. JOHNSON. My position was this: At
the time when i made the remarks to which he
has referred, it was supposed, or, at least, I sup-
posed, that there was little or no prospect that the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas could be
opened up to the whole country. Hence, as the
homestead bill would operate as a mere premium
to settlement, and as southern people with their
property could not go there, the inevitable effect
of the bill would be to aboHtiomze those Territo-
ries. Under those circumstances I would not
then support the homestead bill. Now, sir, I am
very strongly against abolitionism. I believe it
to be an unholy thyig.
Mr. STUART. 1 presume the Senator from
Arkansas and myself do not differ much on that
subject; but if his argument, which is generally
understood to be improperly applied to the home-
stead bill, is sound, it certainly would do much to
abolitionize the country if we were to adopt the
National Era as a medium of communication.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 believe the Senator is right
in that.
Mr. STUART. The circulation of the Intelli-
gencer is understood to be,about nineteen hun-
dred daily, and the circulation of the Union about
fifteen hundred daily, and of the Sentinel about
nine hundred. Such is my information. I do
not vouch for its authenticity, but I understand
that the figures which 1 have stated are about cor-
rect. Then, if we should provide for the publi-
cation in all these papers, we should pay, as I
understand it, about $47,000 every Congress for
this circulation of our debates.
Now, sir, take the two facts to which I have
referred—the fact that the publication of the cur-
rent debates of Congress must necessarily ex-
clude most other matter, and the further fact that
you increase the expenses from the Treasury
about §47,000 per Congress to get this amount of
circulation for vour proceedings. Is it, in the
first place, probable that the papers having the
largest circulation, and the surest foundation,
would agree to the proposition; and if they did,
would the circulation which you would thereby
get for your proceedings be commensurate with
the expenditure from the Treasury? In other
words, I ask in all seriousness, is not the course
now pursued by the Senate of paying for the re-
porting and publication in the Globe, which ex-
changes with a very large portion of all the papers
in the Union,as much as the Senate is called upon
to do in a fair exercise of its authority to distribute
to the country information in regard to its pro-
ceedings?
Now, Mr. President, I feel myself called upon,
as a duty that I owe to the great party to which I
belong, to say a few words, although with the
greatest reluctance, upon the political effect of this
movement. Heretofore I have refrained, and I
had hoped that I might ever be able to refrain,
from saying one word which could even bear the
semblance of involving myself, in the least degree,
in any controversy, either real or supposed, be-
tween the Sentinel and Union, or between the
Sentinel or anybody else. But, sir, it has been
remarked to-day upon another question, and it is
known to the country,thatthereis a large numer-
ical majority in the Senate of Democratic political
principles, such as the present Administration of
the country ie the exponent of. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to an article m the Sentinel
of to-day, in which it treats of the present Execu-
tive of the United States and his officers, and then
i I wish to ask the Democratic portion of this body,
' and to ask them in fairness, whether they think
they are called upon, in a [-arty point of view, to
take additional pains to appropriate additional
sums out of the public Treasury, to aid and sus-
tain this paper?
Mr. President, I desire to be understood. I have
never involved myself in this controversy, and I
never will. I have no affection for one paper, or
hostility to the other—not one particle; but I may
be permitted to say that I have an affection, a deep
and abiding affection, for the great principles of the
1 Democratic party. I thought that the movement
which was made at the commencement of the ses-
sion, in respect to the election of a printer for this
body, was ill judged. Further than that I have
never thought nor said. Further than that I will
not say now. But, sir, I wish to call the attention
of the Democratic portion of this body to some
passages in this article. It says:
"It is very weJi known to the whole country that the
whole weight and influence of the Adminlst ration wa^givtm
to the Free-Soil and Soft-Shell alliance in New York last
fall, and that Government minions undertook to ostracize
those who objected to such a course of policy, and who
predicted that the traitors of 184d had no claim to confi-
dence or reward, and would hetieacheiousand treasonable
again, whenever an opportunity offered to make treachery
and treason profitable. Now, it turns out that on the fiist
test question—the fiist to which the President and the
, Democratic party are thoroughly committed—the Van Bu-
' ren Free Sotlers and Seymour Soft Shells, frit from emolu-
ments, confident from patronage, and insolent from plunder,
present a famous fiont and make bold war upon an Ad
ministration winch docs not to be able to disengage
I itself from improper commitments and impure entangle-
ments.'*  *** *•
I u We have been maligned and abused by the low servants
i of the Administration. W> have buen maligned and abused
j by the miserable corps of confidential eontr«re<? of the Ad-
i ministration."
| Pretty strong terms ! But it continues:
\ (i We have been slandered and traduced by their officers.
' and slandered and traduced* b> all their adjunct"; &o that
i our modeiation is the moderation which we f<*el from the
i inspiration of hone&i purpose. From the beginning the
threat has been *ent abroad that the Sentinel would be an-
: nihilated. We can tell our kind tricnds, who wivh to de-
i etrov U3, that they may urge their uttprmo>t and we will
1 not be hurt. The Sentinel has no fear of annihilation at
. the hands of bad dramatists, no matter how glonous they
; may feel; nor at the hands of bad lawyers, no matter how
; ignorant or iiow supple they may be." * * *
! "In Congress and out of Congress, the whole tribe of
v Van Buren Free Soilers, with their Soft Shell attachment,
; are factious, revolutionary, nnd di^oiganmng. The yeas
1 and nays m the Hou-e of Representatives* and tne wicked
. movements out of Congress prove it. Yet the Admim^tra-
; tion. although it has acquiesced m the Nebraska bill, con-
J {times* to lavish its patronaae on the enemies ot that bill
I The Administration pleads that neither Mr. Cochrane, nor
1 Mr. Fowler, nor any of its multitudinous Free Soil and
: Soft-Shell appointees, have taken an active part in antt-
| Nebraska meetings, and that punishment cannot therefore
! reach them rightfully. But if these named men have ap-
' parently kept quiet, they have not been actually quiet; for
! their servants and understrappers have been busy, and
mischievously laboring, in season and out of season, to
| defeat the Nebraska bill. Yet General Pierce has not
| turned his face away fioin the faeuomssts."
i This is a pretty serious charge against the Ad-
ministration, which is understood before the coun-
try to have enlisted its entire strength in favor of
the bill referred to. Yet this editor says:
| "General Pierce has not turned liis face away from the^
' faetiom--ts. They still glory in his mtimaoy, and boast of
I iils confidence. If their vaunting be true, then, indeed,
has a dark day fallen on us. But we forbear to say more."
I wish now to call the attention of the Senate to
a previous portion of the same article, in which,
speaking of Benjamin F. Butler, it says:
" This same Benjamin F. Butler is one of the Buffalo
men of 1848; and he i;; the oldest and'most prominent
leader, now resident in New York, of tile faction which
was formed by the fusion of ihe forces of the Free-Soilers
under ttie command of Mr. Van Buren, and the Soft She!!?,
who marked time, marched and baited, turned and
wheeled, and changcd front to rear, and rear to front,"at
the bidding of the Secretary of the Stale, and who have
been wielding, since the 4th of March, General Pierce's
patronage to punish and crush out the men who procured
General Pierce's nomination."
There is in that article a direct, unqualified,
vituperative attack upon the Secretary of State and
the President of the United States. It charges the
Administration with having as its confidential
confreres, the factious opponents of the Nebraska
bill.
Now, Mr. President, as I have said, I do not
mean to involve myself in this quarrel. I cannot
be misunderstood. I am neither for the Union
nor for the Sentinel; nor am 1 against either; but
1 ask Senators here, who 1 know hold the interests
of the great Democratic party as sacred as I do,
whether it is best to go forward now unnecessarily
with this'expenditure to such a paper. I empha-
size the word " unnecessarily," because, I repeat,
that the reports in the Globe are all-sufficient for
the interests of the Senate and the benefit of the
country as a whole, leaving all the other papers
the right and the opportunity to publish from it as
much as they choose. 1 ask'whethent is best to
go forward und add $16,000 or $17,000 per Con-
gress out of the Treasury to help to sustain any
paper, Sentinel or Union, or anything else, which
publishes such attacks upon the Administration as
a whole, and upon the Secretary of State and the
President by name?
Sir, 1 am very sorry to have detained the Senate
thus long, especially upon one branch of remarks
which I confess are very unpleasant; but 1 do
think it is time for those who have the power, if
they have it, to be at least prudent in respect to
the true interests of the Democratic party. I now
move to refer the whole subject to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. BRIGHT. When 1 accepted the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Michigan, I
did it under the supposition that he was friendly
to the measure. 1 am now satisfied, from the
tone and temper of his speech, that he is opposed
to the object 1 have in view, and I therefore with-
draw the acceptance, and ask for a vote on the
resolution which 1 originally introduced. I shall
make no reply to the speech of the Senator, for
the reason that I think the subject he has seen
proper to introduce is one, the discussion of
which would prove unprofitable in many respects
at this time. If, upon some other more appro-
priate occasion, the honorable Senatorfrom Mich-
igan shall feel himself called upon to enter upon
a" justification of the course of this Administra-
tion, in taking to its embrace, as charged in
"that article, a set of men in this country known
as Free-Soil Democrats, whose chief merit and
distinction consists in having deserted their party
in the hour of its greatest trials, both at the bal-
lot-box and in the halls of Congress, I am quite
sure he can find those around him neither afraid
nor unwilling to take issue with him. But these
are topics out of place at this time, and that I
would much rather not refer to under any circum-
stances.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. When the Senator
from Indiana was up first, he intimated, in very
direct terms, that the course pursued by the Union
in declining the contract was for the purpose of
affecting the action of the Senate in reference to
the Sentinel. Do I understand the Senator to say
that I have brought it up for that purpose?
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not think there wasany-
thing- in the remarks which I made which inti-
mated that I inferred that that was the course of
the Union. I did not couple the honorable Senator
with my remarks; however, I will state now,
though, that I have no doubt that the object of
the Union in withdrawing was to defeat the propo-
sition which I have offered.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask the Senator if I
understand him to say that I was cognizant of the
fact?
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not refer to the honorable
Senator; for I do not know that he had any
knowledge upon the subject.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. All the knowledge I
have on the subject, is the communication from
the editor of the Union. 1 am theadvocate neither
of the Union nor of the Sentinel. My object is to
