1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
protect the Treasury, and to get the reporting for
the Senate done on as economical terma.as possi-
ble. I have had no conversation with the editor
of the Union on the subject, except a mere casual
one on my way from my lodgings to the Capitol.
In that conversation he apprised me of his design
.to make a communication of that character tome.
I had understood before that the Union was tired
of the contract, and desired to be released from it
as soon as it could. He never said so to me, but
such was my understanding through a reliable
source. It is perhaps very well for gentlemen to
get up here for the purpose of strengthening the
Sentinel, and say that the Union was prompted to
such a course by such an influence; not, I pre-
sume, that the Union has done or said anything to
induce them to believe that, but from the mere fact
that there is said to be a contest between the two
papers, both of which belong to the Democratic
party. I have no object to accomplish by my
course to further the objects of the Union, or, if I
could, to prostrate or in the least injuriously to
affect the Sentinel. My relations with the editors
of both papers are of the best character, so far as
I know or believe. As an evidence of my disin-
terestedness upon this subject, 1 will state that I
propose to take neither of them as reporters,' but
to take a paper thattioes not belong to any party;
and I really think it unfair and improper, when it
is proved, not by the Union, but by a paper
longer established than the Union; that it cannot
live on the contract, that gentlemen should get up
here and impute such motives to the gentleman
who conducts the Union. I have no idea that he
was prompted by any such motives as those at-
tributed to him by the honorable gentleman from
Indiana.
My acquaintance, sir, with the editor of the Union
is not of long,duration. I knew but little of him
until I met him in this city this winter. I have
not beeft in the habit of visiting his office very
often, and then usually on business, though stand-
ing in such relatioas that I might often have done
so, for the reason that I am connected with the
printing of this body, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing. I have no hostile feelings to
the gentleman who conducts the Sentinel, nor have
i any prepossessions for this paper or that paper.
My whole course has been prompted solely by a
desire to protect the Treasury, and put the re-
porting of the Senate upon proper terms—upon
such terms as would enable the publisher to live.
Mr. BROWN. It does not seem to me that
there ought to be any difficulty in settling this
matter. We have one official reporter, and 1 think
we ought to have but one. The Globe is execu-
ting the reporting for the Senate admirably; better,
I undertake to say, than it was ever done before
for anybody, either for Congress, or for the Brit-
ish Parliament, or for any other legislative body.
It is the best official report that ever was published.
I am for continuing it, and I want to remunerate
the publisher in a proper way. He prefers that
we shall take a larger number of the Congressional
Globe, and he puts it upon the precise reason
which recommends it in the strongest manner to
my mind, and that is, that by taking the paper
we diffuse the intelligence among the people. It
is better to pay the money for the paper, and to
circulate it, than it is to pay a larger sum for the
simple reporting, and not for the circulation of the
document. I have no idea that we should put
our light under a bushel. If the reports are worth
making, they are worth circulating; and I am,
therefore, for accepting some such proposition as
is made by the conductor of the Globe, to take a
larger number of his paper—whatever number
shall be found necessary to remunerate him for his
expense and trouble in making the reports. I un-
derstand that it will take about ninety copies to
each Senator to do that, and I am prepared to vote
for that number. I would not vote him a larger
sum for the reporting, nor a larger sum for the
printing, because that would be simply paying the
money without diffusing the intelligence among
the people. Pay him for that what you do now,
and remunerate him by taking a larger number of
his publication.
Then, as to these other papers, I do not consider
it is a matter of so much consequence whether
you pay a few dollars less, or a few dollars more.
The great object is to let our twenty-three millions
of constituents know what we are doing here.
Then I am for paying to the Union, to the Senti-
nel, and to the Intelligencer, and, if gentlemen will
insist upon it, though I should not be much in
favor of that proposition, you may take in the
Era, to copy from the Globe, but not to report.
I would pay them nothing for reporting. They
should not report if they wished to do it, because
that subjects you to the necessity of correcting
half a dozen copies every morning, or else contra-
dictory accounts go before the country of what
you have been saying the day before. Let there
be one report. Then require the other papers to
copy from that, and give credit for it, saying that
itis copied, " by authority, from the Congressional
Globe." Make your contracts and say we will
pay—I do not know how much would be fair—
say $7. If $7 are enough, pay that, and let any
one or two, or all of them, come in and contractat
that price; and when they undertake to publish,
make them publish the whole proceedings, and do
all within twenty-four or forty-eight hours after
they appear m the Globe. I have no idea of paying
a man to publish the proceedings of the Senate
ten, or fifteen, or twenty days, or a month after
they have transpired. What is the use of such
publication ? The public mind has been engaged
about other matters. They are not going to turn
back and investigate the subject which has been
a month passed; and if the Union, and Intelligen-
cer, and Sentinel are willing to copy from the
Globe, for a certain specified sum, I am ready to
pay for it, provided they will do it as an official
act, as an authorized act, simply to copy from the
printed report in the Globe.
I think that settles the whole controversy.
What matters it whether we pay a little more or
a little less, if we spread the intelligence of what
we are doing here before the country, through the
several journals? 1 should either like to sefe my
friend from Indiana amend his proposition in that
form, or if it be sent to the committee, that they
shall be instructed to bring us in a proposition of
that kind. I have no partiality among the papers.
God knows i have very httlf reason to be in a
very good humor with either, especially with the
Union. The Sentinel has not done me any great
favors, but still it has been civil enough and polite
enough. Our old friends of the Intelligencer owe
me nothing, and I owe them nothing. Therefore,
I am not influenced in my vote on this subject by
considerations of private friendship. I do not
suppose any other Senator is so influenced. My
object in voting for this is, that what we are doing
here should go out, through all the journals, to
the people, so that every man who chooses may
know precisely what we are doing; and when he
reads the paper may be able to say, " I am read-
ing an official report of what is going on in the
Senate; it is not guess work; I am not reading a
garbled account of a gentleman's speech by a letter-
writer; I am not reading a garbled account, or a
mere synopsis by a writer, which gives not what
was said, but the impressions made on his mind;
I am reading precisely what the Senator said."
Then he has accurate information. He can make
up his mind, as a man of sense, as to whether
what was said was right or wrong; and 1 am
willing that he, shall'take it either through the
Union, through the Intelligencer, or through the
Sentinel, justaccording to the several predilections
of each man. I am not for patronizing one of
them over the other. If the Union does not think
proper to take the contract, let-it not take it. If
the Intelligencer thinks proper to take it, let it
take it. If the Sentinel cannot publish the debates
at the rates we propose, leave it out. Make the
proposition the same to each one of them. It
seems to me this will settle the whole difficulty
upon an intelligible and justifiable principle.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senate is ready to
vote on the question now, I have nothing to say.
Mr. BROWN. What is the .precise motion?
I have been out.
Mr. WELLER. Undoubtedly, after the Sen-
ator has occupied the attention of the Senate for
ten or fifteen minutes, the legitimate presumption
is that he knew what the question was.
Mr. BROWN. Undoubtedly.. I only under-
stand what is the general subject befpre us; but
what the precise question before the Senate is, I
do not understand, nor is it necessary that I
should understand that to address myself to the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
The question is on the motion to refer the whole
subject to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WELLER. * The Senator from Missis-
sippi undoubtedly spoke to the question. There
is no doubt about that; I am only astonished that
he thought it necessary to inquire after he was
through.
Mr. BROWN. 1 guessed it.
Mr. WELLER. The usual rule is to ascer-
tain what the question is, and then to speak upon
it. My friend from Mississippi, with his strong
instincts, found out what the question was before
he ascertained it from the Chair, and, I must say,
spoke very sensibly upon it. [Laughter.]
I am very sorry that the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] has found it necessary to make the
remarks which he has made to-day. The only
effect of those remarks would be to get up a dis-
pute here among the Democrats, to the enjoyment
of our Whig friends upon the other side, and, no
doubt, to the unprofitableness of the Democratic
party. That Senator knew very well that there
was a certain portion of his colleagues here in the
Democratic party who were opposed to the policy
which had been adopted by the Administration
in regard to the distribution of the public patron-
age. There are many of us of the old line who
cannot forgive the Free-Soil faction of 1848, for
treacherously betraying the Democratic party.
We have, believed that the lowest seats in the
Democratic church should be assigned to them;
and that, in the distribution of the public favor,
the good and true men—the honest portion of the
Democratic party—who stood by it in adversity
as well as in prosperity, should receive the public
patronage. Now, sir, the Senator from Michigan
has dragged this in, and although he disclaims
having any personal feeling whatever, so far as
the Sentinel and Union are concerned, proceeds
to read the Sentinel out of the Democratic church.
I deny his authority to read the editors of that
paper out of the Democratic party. I undertake
to say that, upon all questions connected with the
Democratic party, and with the principles of that
party, the Sentinel has as warmly and as zealously
sustained it, in all respects, as the Senator from
Michigan. I claim, Mr. President, to be a Dem-
ocrat.
Mr. STUART. As this matter has some refer-
ence to me personally, I beg to correct the Sena-
tor. I certainly did not make any effort to read
the Sentinel out of the Democratic party. I
simply read from the Sentinel's article of to-day
its attacks upon the President and upon the Sec-
retary of State, and asked whether it was the duty
of the Democratic party in the Senate to take ad-
ditional pains, and appropriate some $16,000 out
of the Treasury, to sustain the paper that pursued
that course—whether it would be wise to do so?
I never undertook to say whether that was aparty
paper or not.
Mr. WELLER. I regret very much to be
compelled to say that two thirds of the article,
which the Senator has read meets the approbation
of my judgment, and I should be a hypocrite if I
did not avow it here. Now, sir, the extracts
which the Senator has read from the Sentinel do
not satisfy me that it is an anti-Democratic paper,
nor do I regard the head of the Administration as
the Democratic party. We have certain great
principles which we have heretofore rigidly and
faithfully maintained, and I am not disposed to
sustain the Administration except so far as that
Administration may stand by those principles;
and when it sees proper to confer its favors upon
the Free-Soilers of 1848, you cannot expect that
that will receive the sanction of my judgment. In
the principles of the Administration I cordially
concur; but its policy in this particular 1 have
never approved. This opinion I am not hypo-
crite enough to conceal.
Now, what was the object of the introduction
of this ? The Senator knew very well that there
were certain Senators here, as they had shown in
Executive session, who were opposed to this pol-
icy. He desired to provoke a discussion, and,
probably, put himself in the position of the spe-
cial advocate of the Administration; and all of us
who do not choose to come up and proscribe the
Sentinel upon his dixit were henceforth to be re-
garded as enemies of the powers that be. Or did
he suppose we had not the moral courage to avow
our honest opinions ? Mr. President, no man has
more confidence in the honesty and integrity of
