*2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
is a very contemptible one, but the principle is of
very great importance as connected with the sal-
ary of the President of the United States. The
Constitution of the United States provides:
"The President shall, at stated tiroes, receive for his
services a compensation which $hall neither be increased
nor diminished during the period for which he shall have
been elected; and he shall not receive within that period
any other emolument from the United States, or any of
them."
Now, Congress might just as well attempt to
pay the President's butcher's bill, or his tailor's
bill, as such items as this.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. The gentleman
from New York states that the President of the
United States is entitled to $25,000 a year for his
services, and nothing more. Sir, I should like to
know whether he pays for house rent? I should
like to know whether he.pays for a good many
other things connected with his expenses? Sir,
the President not only does not pay for house
rent, but-he does not pay for any of the curtains
in the east room of the White House, nor^Joes
he pay for any of the furniture there. Appropri-
ations have been made for those things from the
beginning of the Government down to the present
time. Sir, the object of this opposition is mani-
fest. I call upon the Democratic party to stand
by the President when he is attacked in this in-
significant jnanner. It seems to me extraordinary
that this little attack should be made,at this time,
on the President, and when the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means says that these
appropriations are usual, and ought to be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not one of
the planks of the Democratic platform. [Laugh-
ter.]
• Mr. PECKHAM. Has an appropriation like
this been made since the organization of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Yes, sir; one
was made at the last session.
The question was taken; and Mr. Peckham's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I demand tellers on the Senate
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Benson and
Kittredge were appointed.
The question was taken: and the amendment
was concurred in, the tellers having reported—
, ayes 64, noes 59.
One hundred and fifty-fifth amendment:
For grading done by order of Ignatius Mudd, late Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, in reservation No. 17, be-
tween Third street east and New Jersey avenue, $484 89.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendments
are numbered wrong. There are no numbers
from one hundred and fifty-five to one hundred
and fifty-nine.
One hundred and fifty-ninth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
cause to be constructed the following buildings: At Eils
worth, Maine, for the accommodation of the custom house
and post office, a building of brick, with fire proof floors,
constructed of iron beams and brick work, iron roof, shut
ters, sills, &e., twenty-five feet by thirty, and twenty-five
feet in height from the foundation, to cost not raore than
$10,000. At Belfast, Maine, for the accommodation of the
custom house and post office, a building ot like materials,
forty-five feet by thirty two, and thirty-two feet high, and to
cost not more than $*20,000 At Gloucester, Massachusetts,
Toledo, Ohio, Burlington, Vermont, and Sandu&ky, Ohio,
for the accommodation of the custom-house and post offiee,
a buildmg of like materials, sixty feet by foriy five feet,
and thirty-two feet from the foundation, and to cost not
more than $40,000 for each building. At Miiwauftie, Wis-
consin, for the aecommodaiion of the custom-house, pn=st
office, and tinned States courts, a building of like material,
sixty feet by forty-five feet, fotty-eigh? feet in height from
the foundation, to co.*t not more lhan $50,000. At New
Haven, Connecticut, Newark, New Jersey, Buffalo, New
York, Oswego, New York. Wheeling, Virginia, Chicago,
Illinois, and Detroit, Michigan, each for the accommoda-
tion of tlie custom-house, post office, United States courts,
and steamboat inspectors, a building of stone, of like floors,
beams, roofs, shutters, &c., eighty-five feet by sixly feet,
sixty feet in height from the foundation, to cost not more
than ,$8* ,009 for each building ; the building at Detroit to be
erected upon a water lot belonging to the United States.
At G.Uve.vton, Texas, for the accommodation of the custom-
house. office, and United St-ites courts, a building of
brick, ot like floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c*., forty five
feet by s< verify feei. forty-eight feet high from the founda
tion, with a portico on two sides, and to cost not more than
$100,000. Ar Petersburg, Virginia, for the accommodation
of the custom house and post office, a building of stone, of
like floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c., sixty feet by forty-
five feet, thirty-two feet high from the foundation, to cost
not more than $62,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. At the re-
questof the member from the Knoxville district, I
offer the following' amendment. If it is adopted,
I shall offer one of the same kind for Memphis :
At the end of the section, insert the following:
" And the customs to be collected at the port of delivery
at Knoxville, Tennessee, for the next five years, are hereby
appropriated for the construction of a custom-house at that
port."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no law authorizing the
construction of suc.h a building:.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to |
second the views of the gentleman from Tennessee, 1
and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tel-
lers on the original proposition.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move to add
one dollar to each sum mentioned in the Senate's
amendment. In making this motion I signify j
that I am in favor of building these custom- !
houses. On what ground it is that the building
■ of them is objected to, I do not know. Is it on |
i the ground that the tariff system should be aban-
doned; and that,therefore, all custom-houses, both
| existing and prospective, must fall with it? If on ;
i that ground, then I welcome the objection, for 1
! am an absolute free-trade man, wowld have Gov-
| ernment supported by direct taxes, and do not
i expect to see Government right until it is so sup-
j ported. But it is not on that ground that the
j building of these, custom-houses is objected to.
i None of the objectors propose free trade. All are
; in favor of continuing to defray the expenses of
! Government by duties. Hence all of them are to
I be regarded as in favor of safe and suitable buiid-
| ings for custom-house business, wherever there '
is enough of such business to make such build-
ings necessary. I take it for granted that the
; only question in the case, which these objectors
. allow to be pertinent and influential with them, is,
whether there is business to warrant the erection
j of the proposed custom-houses. Others must '
speak for the custom-houses recommended in
other States. I will confine myself to the advo- :
cacy of the two recommended to be built in my
own. Both are needed, by the fact that, in each
of the towns, (Buffalo and Oswego,) there is a vast
amount of custom-house business. That of Oswe-
go, I feel safe in saying, exceeds that of any town
in the nation above tide-water. Indeed, there are
scarcely more than half a dozen towns in the whole
nation that exceed Oswego in custom-house busi-
• ness. The duties payable on bonded and un-
| bonded property passing through Oswego in the
! year 1853, exceeded $696,000. This year they
! will probably exceed §1,000,000. I learn from
j the collector of that port that they amounted, up
' to the 30th June, to $518,276.
| To enforce my claim for a custom-house in Os-
i wego, I will read to the committee an extract from
! a letter which I received a fortnight since from
, the collector:
* •
! "You will see that our business is constantly and largely
increasing. The. bonded property received here from Can
i ada this year to the end of June, is nearly equal to the total
of last year; ana the last year showed a very large in-
| crease jyianv former year." *
Speaking of the contracted and unfit building
s whicb Government leases, the collector says:
I "The custom-house building here is eighteen feet by fifty
i feet, and contains no vault or place of deposit for the public
i moneys collected here except a common iron safe. Mycierks
I and assistants when fully employed, as is the case the greater
] part of the business season, are about as closely stowed as
1 children at the desks oi a well filled country school-house."
! I would add that the collector has also informed
i me, as a further illustration of the large amount
| of business in his offiee, that the number of per-
! sons employed in it is thirty-five.
i I have, now, ended my plea for a custom-house
■ in Oswego. Confident I am that the facts in this
plea cannot be resisted. But if, by possibility,
they shall be resisted, and Government shall re-
fuse to build a custom-house in Oswego, what
shall I say to reconcile my constituents to such
, refusal? What pacifying explanations will you
: enable me to make to them? Whatshall I beable
; to say to them in vindication of the justice, lm-
i partiality, consistency of Government?
I [Here the hammer fell.]
M Mr. INGERSOLL. I am opposed to the amend-
;j ment, and call for a vote.
; The question was taken upon the amendment of
! Mr. Smith, of New York; and it was not agreed
| to.
I Mr. PHELPS. I propose to reduce the amount
proposed to be appropriated in this section to
$100,000.
1 offer this amendment for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the committee to the amount
of money proposed to be appropriated in this
section. Sixteen custom-houses are estimated
for, and provided for in this amendment of the
Senate. The gross amount of money proposed
in this section is §1,018,000, and it embraces
merely the expense of the erection of the build-
ings; but the next section provides that thereahall
be an additional sum appropriated not to exceed
ten per cent, upon the sum appropriated by the
section now under consideration, for the purpose
of covering the compensation of architects, super-
intendents, advertising, and other contingent ex-
penses in the erection of these various buildings.
And not only that, but in addition thereto, The
section also provides that so much money shall be
appropriated from the Treasury as may be neces-
sary to purchase suitable sites for these various
buildings specified in the clause under considera-
tion.
I am opposed to the erection of these buildings
in the manner proposed in this bill. Here is a
system of log rolling, a system of packing together
measures so as to gain the support of members
from different parts of the Union to the whole, to
unite together a sufficient number of members of
this House who are interested in some of these
buildings, in order to carry them all through. On
the contrary, each building should be left to stand
' upon its own merits; and the committee should be
permitted to decide upon the merits of each pro-
posed building in this amendment; and that is the
only way that the advocates of this measure can
bring the matter forward in a fair, proper, and
legitimate manner. I know that the rules of the
House and of the Senate permit these combina-
; tions; but still 1 say it is not proper to be done.
If a gentleman desires to have a custom-house
erected at any particular place in the Union, let
him be prepared to give the House reasons for it;
and let the committee be called to vote upon it
standing by itself.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask thegentle-
man from Missouri, if he does not know tfiat the
Committee on Commerce have been ready for two
sessions of Congress to make a report upon the
custom-houses; but that they have not had an op-
portunity to get their report before this body?
Mr. PHELPS. I have been informed, by
tumor, that the Committee on Commerce have
been prepared to report in favor of some custom-
houses.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did not mean to be un-
derstood as saying that they were prepared to re-
port in favor of all these custom-houses.
Mr. PHELPS. Some of them. The gentle-
man from Connecticut, then, admits, that the
Committee on Commerce have been ready to re-
port in favor of some custom-houses, but he does
not claim that the committee wete ready to report
in favor of all the custom-houses proposed in this
section.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think this matter
had better go to the House for its decision without
further discussion. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, and ask for a vote
upon it.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. LILLY. 1 move to amend, in line two
thousand and thirty-three, afler the word " New-
ark," by inserting the words "and Perth Am-
boy."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a question
of order upon that amendment. There is no law
authorizing it.
!| Mr. LILLY. There is a custom-house there
: already, one of the oldest in the country,
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, Then you do not
| want another.
j Mr. LILLY. Rut it is not adequate to the wants
i of the business of the place, and there is no ac-
j| commodations for the post offiee. I hope Con-
II gress will authorize the erection of a building that
