1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
the present Chief Magistrate than I have. There
is no one who will go further in sustaining him,
so long as he stands (where he has thus far faith-
fully stood) by Democratic principles, than 1 will;
aud there will be none who will denounce him
with more violence when he departs from them. I
am the slave of no man. Whilst I sustain the
sound and just principles upon which the present
Executive has administered the Government, I
claim the rightas a Democratic Senator, to disap-
prove the policy adopted in the distribution of the
Federal patronage. When 1 dare not do this, I
will resign my seat and go home.
But, sir, I do not desire now to go into a dis-
cussion of this question. The time may come
when, in the discharge of my duties here as an
in4ependent Senator, I may be called upon to
speak, and I shall speak then as I have spoken in
times past, without restraint, without fear, favor,
or affection, it is very strange that a simple
proposition to put the Sentinel upon the same
terms recently occupied and abandoned by the
National Intelligencer and Union should have pro-
voked these remarks from the Senator from Mich-
igan. They were wholly unnecessary. They
were calculated, if theyproduced any effect what-
ever, to sow the seeds of discord in the party to
which he and 1 belong; and lead to unprofitable
debate. I will not now stop to inquire which of
us is the best exponent of Democratic principles.
I know that I am a Democrat, and have been so
all my life. I have shown it hy my acts and by
my votes; and if the Senator has as clean a record
—and I say nothing about that—as 1 have, we
shall both pass current in the country as Demo-
crats. If I were compelled to express an opinion
upon the subject, I should claim that upon some
of the great questions of the country I am sounder
than he is. That is my private opinion; but I do
not wish to express it publicly. [Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I have no dis-
position to enter into any personal controversy
with the Senator from California, and I think I
may say, further, that it does not lie in his power
to provoke me to such a controversy. If he is
satisfied with sounding to the country, as he has
done within the last five minutes, his own fame
as a Democrat, I havenot the slightest disposition
to tarnish it. I shall leave the country to find out
how long I have been a Democrat, acting on the
very old maxim, a tolerably sound one, that it is
not wise for me at least to trumpet my own fame.
Now, sir, I have provoked no discussion re-
specting the democracy of the Sentinel, none
respecting the democracy of the Union, none re-
specting the democracy of the President of the
United States, or the Secretary of State. Isimply,
sir, met-this proposition, which is, on thisday, to
appropriate about $17,000 out of the public Treas-
ury for the purpose of publishing the debates and
proceedings of the Senate in the Washington Sen-
tinel. I read from the editorial article in that paper
of to-day attacks upon the Secretary of State and
the President of the United States by name, and
upon the Administration m the aggregate, and
then I asked what would the country say if the
Senate of the United States, having a large Demo-
cratic majority, on the very same day that that
article appeared, thus attacking the Administra-
tion, which is the representative now of the great
Democratic principles of the country, selected the
paper, and put $17,000 into its pockets? I thought
the inference would be unfavorable to the Demo-
cratic party at large throughout the country. I
think so now. I thought that any unnecessary
effort to sustain any paper that does that, no mat-
ter what it is, be it Union, or Sentinel, or any-
thing else, was bad policy for the Democratic
party. In this I do not think I have legitimately
placed myself under any attempted denunciation
of the honorable Senator from California. Not at
all. I said distinctly that I had no personal feel-
ing, no political feeling; it was a mere question of
discretion. So far as relates to the editor of the
Union, I have not the honor of knowing him; and
so far as relates to one of the editors of the Senti-
nel, 1 know him but partially, and am on the
most friendly terms with him.
1 shall certainly not consent to detain the Sen-
ate longer, because it is not necessary to excul-
pate myself from what I have never done, and no
assertion of the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia can give any construction to my remarks other
than what the remarks themselves indicate.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Secretary be good
enough to read the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Michigan to the original proposition ?
The Secretary read as follows: Strike out all
after the word " Resolved," and insert:
That tlie Secretary of I he Senate be, and he is hereby,
directed to contract with the proprietors of the Washing-
ton Sentinel, Washington Union, and the National Intel-
ligencer, for publishing all the proceedings aud debates of
the Senate 
Mr. WELLER. That will do, Mr. Secretary.
If 1 understand it, that proposition was submitted
this morning by the Senator from Michigan as
an amendment to the original resolution submitted
by the Senator from Indiana. The Senator then
comes in and reads an article from the Sentinel,
from which he endeavors to demonstrate to the
Democratic party that it would be exceedingly
impolitic to bestow any patronage on that paper.
Now, sir, I submit the question to the Senate,
whether, after that Senator has submitted a res-
olution for the employment of that paper as
one of the printers of our proceedings, it was
proper for him to read from its editorials to show
that the editor was outside of a " healthy organ-
ization?" The Senator from Michigan has put
himself in t|iat position. He tells the Senate that
his only object in reading the article was to show
that the Democratic party in the Senate ought to
hesitate before they give $17,000—(1 think it was
$16,000 a few minutes ago; he has risen a thou-
sand)—to a paper that was denouncing the Ad-
ministration, or, at least, the President and Secre-
tary ofState. Then what does he do? Why,
he is the very Senator who submits the motion to
give employment to that paper which is thus out-
side of the Democratic party ! Now, sir, it is
very seldom that a Senator feels compelled to vote
against a proposition which he has introduced
himself! I have frequently known Senators to
make speeches one way, and then vote the other
way; but it is very rarely that a Senator intro-
duces a proposition, makes a speech, and then
moves to get rid of the question, by referring it to j
the Committee on Printing. Yet the Senator from j
Michigan has seen proper to place himself in that
position ! He introduces a proposition to employ
the Sentinel to publish the debates, and then
labors hard to prove that it is unworthy of our
support.
In speaking of my Democracy I did not desire
to trumpet my fame to the country. I am, per-
haps, as well known to the country as the Sena-
tor from Michigan. I desire no discussion with
him; I will say nothing to provoke him, for noth-
ing but the most kindly relations have subsisted
between us hitherto. He says that he would not
do anything to provoke a debate with me. I am
sure he meant nothing personal by that. It was
only because he did not desire that members of
the same Democratic.family should be brought
in collision here. So understanding it I pass it by.
Mr. STUART. I meant to say this. 1 regard
the Senator from California as my political and
personal friend; and I meant to say that I would
not do anything to provoke any personal discus-
sion. That is what I meant.
Mr. WELLER. I supposed it was of a politi-
cal character 
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. WELLER. As it was very inexpedient,
of course, to get up a discussion among us Dem-
ocrats, especially when the enemy is in the field. :
There are enough of the Whig party to fight I
against, without warring against each other. The j
time will come when we shall have to divide, j
There is no doubt about,that. We brought this
Administration into power with the votes of all j
sorts- of people. [Laughter.] We had Free- j
Soilers and Abolitionists uniting with the sound ■
portion of the Democratic party of the North. We >
had disunionists and fire-eaters in the South; and j
all, by force of circumstances, were thrown into |
the Democratic party, and brought this Adminis-
tration into power. The Democratic party, no 1
doubt, requires purging. [Laughter.] I have no
doubt the patient will be very much reduced in [
! strength by that purgation; but he will be aj
| sounder and safer man hereafter. You have got j
! to get rid of these disagreeable adjuncts—those I
| excrescences upon the Democratic party. But;
! now 1 desire to say simply this, that so far as the i
' remarks of the Sentinel upon this Administration \
I in appointing men to office who were notorious I
Free-Soilers in 1848, and who treacherously be-
trayed the party, I indorse it to the utmost
extent. Nor do 1 like the policy which retains
men in office whose influence is now used to
defeat the great question now pending in the
House of Representatives. If I were President
of the United States, I should bestow my patron-
age upon sound and true men, not upon those
who, in days of danger and of trial, shamefully
deserted, and escaped to the enemy. For truck-
ling, time-serving politicians, who shift the sails
to suit every popular breeze, I have no respect.
There are true men^enough in this country to ad-
minister the Government.
But, Mr. President, I will not prolong this
debate. I am anxious to have the question dis-
posed of.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to enter into
any controversy with my friend from California;
but I must say just here, that I protest against this
thing of repeating constantly that there is a por-
tion of the Democratic party that is not honest.
Now, I insist upon the honesty of the whole party.
Mr. WELLER. The whole party that voted
for Pierce?
Mr. BROWN. Every one of them. [Laughter.]
I think it is the most honest party in the world,
the most honest party that ever lived, or ever had
an existence anywhere. [Renewed laughter.]
Brutus was an honorable man; Ca;sar was an
honorable man; we are all honorable men. This
thing of saying that some are honest men and
some are not would get up quarreling in the fam-
ily, and I do not want that. [Renewed laughter.]
But what I want to do is to offer,an amendment to
the resolution which, I think, if Senators will lis-
ten to it, will settle this whole matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of my
friend from Mississippi, I desire to ask if the
Senator from Michigan has made the amendment
which I suigested?
Mr. STUART. I have made the amendment
suggested by the Senator, as to the time of publi-
cation, except that I put it at twenty-four hours
after the publication in the Daily Globe.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be read.
Mr. BROWN. Read the amendment which I
propose.
The Secretary read the amendment. It is to
strike out " to be done within such time as the
said Secretary shall deem proper," and insert
" shall be copied from the Globe, by authority,
and shall be published within forty-eight hours
after the same appears in the Globe."
Mr. BROWN. Now read the whole.
Mr. STUART. I accept that as a part of my
amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
That the Secretary of the Senate he, and is hereby,
directed to contract with the proprietors of the Washington
Sentinel, Washington Union, and National Intelligencer, for
publishing all the proceedings and debates ot the Sen ale, or
Willi such ot' them as shall desire to do so: Provided, That
such publication shall be'copiedfrom the Globe, by authority,
and shall be published within forty-eight hours after the
same appears m the Globe, and at the rate of >:'l 50 per
column; and that he contract with the proprietor of the
Globe for five thousand additional copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix for the present Congress.
Mr. WALKER. The very last branch of the
proposition now before the Senate, it occurs to
me, will require another amendment. Lean see
no object in purchasing five thousand copies of the
Congressional Globe for this Congress only. If I
can understand the design of the Senate, it is to
put the Globe on the footing of the Senate taking
five thousand copies of it, as a continuous thing,
more than it is now taking. The amendment
would apply to the series of the Globe for this
Congress only.
Mr. BADGER. I will say to my friend, that
this whole resolution applies to this Congress only;
but with the understanding that it will be followed
out.
Mr. BROWN. We have no right to bind a
future Congress in regard to a, matter of contract.
Mr. GWIN. Is the motion to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee on Printing pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER; (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) There is no motion pending,
as the Chair understands, to refer it.
Mr. GWIN. I make that motion.
Mr. BROWN. I understand the Senator from
Michigan accepts my amswdttrtftt.
