1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
no public lands subject to private entry at the time,
can locate their lands elsewhere in other States or
Tenitoiies where there are public lands subject tu
private entry at the time. I have, however, no
objection to the Senator from California drawing
up an amendment to suit the condition of his own
State in that respect, for I presume that is the only
State in that condition.
Mr. GV/IN. If I can get that amendment, I
shall be satisfied.
Mr. DAWSON. Before the Senator from Cal-
ifornia draws up his amendment, will he be kind
enough to explain why there are no public lands
in California which .can be taken by that State
under the provisions of this bill. Is it because
they are not surveyed?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON, it is not to be presumed that
the Government will allow the public lands to re-
main in California without being surveyed.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will explain the matter in a moment. There are
hundreds of thousands of acres of land there
which have been located upon by the settlers; and
such has been the necessity to provide for those
settlers, that we have passed a law through Con-
gress giving them a right to go on the lands before
they are surveyed, because the officers cannot sur-
vey them fast enough to meet the demands of the
settlers. They are surveying that portion which
is inhabited, and it is all taken up before the sur-
veys are completed. Every foot of it is now lo-
cated, and will be for years to come. In a State
with such an immense area of public domain, the
surveys can progress only at a certain ratio, and
they must first survey that portion which is set-
tled, according to the progiess of the population;
and hence I do not believe that in twenty years to
come, there will be an acre of land there subject
to sale at private entry. I only wish to meet the
necessities of my own State.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly there can be no
difficulty; for in a State so*large as California,
every lot surveyed by the Government will not
be immediately taken up by the settler.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir, immediately.
Mr. DAWSON. Then that will be the most
astonishing thing in the history of the disposition
of our public lands. Our past experience in that
respect does not justify any such belief. Now,
I would say to the State of California, let the sur-
veys be made in a district of country where this
great demand is not existing, and California can
get the whole of her lands very easily surveyed.
1 would rather pass a section of this bill declaring
the amount the State of California shall locate,
than to give her (a new State, with such an im-
mense quantity of public land, out of which the
Government has not yet realized anything) the
light of going into another State to select these
lands.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want to go into another
State. I wish to get the right to have these lands
located within our own State.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the hour for the
special order has come, and therefore I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. FOOT. I hope we may have a moment
longer to dispose of this question.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the further consider-
ation of the bill will be po'stponed until to-morrow.
1 do not believe a vote can he had upon it to-day.
The time has come for the special order, on which
the Senator from Pennsylvania has the floor.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I would suggest to the Senator
from California to move his amendment in this
form :
Provided, That California may locate her distributive
share of the lands hereby giantfd wiilim the limits of that
State, on any of the public landrf, either s-urvuyed or unsur-
vcyed."
Mr. GWIN. That will suit my purpose.
Mr. STUART. There is no provision in this
bill to take care of the interest of preemptioners
and actual settlers. The very provision which is
now under consideration applies to land which is
subject to entry at one dollar and a quarter an acre.
If the Senator from California expects to secure
my vote for such an amendment, he must take
care of actual settlers on the public lands.
Mr. GWIN. We have already passed a law
at this session giving every settler on unsurveyed
land in California the right to the possession of
his tract.
Mr. STUART. Precisely. And the effect of
this bill will be to give to the State the land, and
the jurisdiction over it.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. It only gives the State
the unappropriated public lands. Jf there are set-
tlers on the lands, they are appropriated, and the
State cannot take them.
Mr. STUART. It would be better to add the
words u and unoccupied."
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to say, " the un-
appropriated and unoccupied public lands.'*
Mr. MASON. The effect of the amendment of
the Senator from California, I take it for granted,
will be to enable his State to appropriate the
richest of the gold lands within her limits.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to exclude them
altogether. They are not to be surveyed. There
is an order already not to survey the gold region
at all. I am willing, therefore, to insert " other
than mineral lands."
Mr. MASON. But it would not be known
whether they were mineral lands or not until they
were appropriated. I suspect there is a large por-
tion of the surface of the State of California which
has not yet been explored, which will be found to
be quite rich in mineral wealth.
Mr. GWIN. The mineral region is well de-
fined; and there is no act of Congress, and I am
not in favor of passing an act of Congress, appro-
priating any portion of the mineral lands. All
our legislation has been carefully guarded in this
respect; and the surveyor general has received
express instructions to make no surveys of the
mineral region.
Mr. MASON. But these lands are to be ap-
propriated to California, whether surveyed or un-
surveyed.
Mr. GWIN. But if the State takes mineral
lands, the very words of the law will make the
selection void.
Mr. MASON. I am much at a loss to know
how the grant could become void after the title had
become vested in the State of California, by a sub-
sequent discovery that the lands were in fact min-
eral lands.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to have the further
consideration of the bill postponed, or I could
show to the Senator at once that the mineral region
of California is strictly defined, and is well known
there, and no public surveys are going on in that
section of the State, nor will there be any until
further action by Congress.
Mr. MASON. 1 am perfectly willing to take
the word of the honorable Senator from California
for anything about which he is certain; but I sub-
mit that he cannot be certain whether the line of
the mineral lands is well defined or known. It is
a matter of conjecture. It may be that the bound-
ary of the mineral lands is such a parallel, or
such water-courses, or such mountains; but it is
conjectural, purely conjectural; and the State of
California may have boundless mineral wealth in
other portions, for aught we know.
I do not mean to throw any embarrassments in
the way of the bill; but I suspect that the honor-
able Senator who moved it, and who is chiefly in-
terested in it, will find that unless we go far be-
yond the hour assigned for the special order, we
cannot get a vote to-day; for I shall feel myself
bound to give my reasons for the opposition which
I shall make to the bill. I will do so when the
bill is ready for its passage. I think, however,
that the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia may place it in the power of the State of Cal-
ifornia to appropriate these mineral lands, to the
exclusion of the Federal Government.
Mr. FOOT. 1 hope the question may be taken
without further debate.
Mr. GWIN. I have modified my amendment
so as to read:
Piovided, That the State of California may locate hoi
portion of the said lands upon any of the unappropriated
lands in that State, other than mineral lands, and not then
occupied by actual soUlurs,
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing On this question the Senator from Mississippi
has asked fot the yeas arid nays.
Se\eral Members. Let them be taken on the
final passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that the Senator
from Virginia proposes to discuss the bill; and I
would therefore suggest to my friend from Missis-
sippi that it would be equally as well to take the
yeas and nays, after the Senator from Virginia
has been heard, on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no objection to with-
drawing the call until the question comes up upon
the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly willing to make
now the remarks which I feel myself required to
make in explanation of my vote upon this bill;
and I really do not wish to embarrass at all the
action of the Senator from Vermont. It is, how-
ever, now after one o'clock, and I therefore move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow, and call for the order of the day.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator objects, the
bill cannot have its third reading until to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. I object.
The PRESIDENT. The bill mustgo over un-
til to-morrow.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. BRODHEAD addressed the Senate in sup-
port of the bill. [For speech see Appendix.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of New Jersey, followed on
the same side of the question. [See Appendix
for his speech.]
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President 
Mr. STUART. I suppose the Senator will not
desire to proceed to-day. I should like to have
the subject postponed for the purpose of taking
up another bill. With the consent of the Senator^
I move to postpone the further consideration of the
subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SOLAR COMPASS.
Mr. STUART. There is a bill on the Calendar,
which was objected to some Fridays ago because
it was not a private bill, although it stands as such
on the Calendar. Perhaps it may be doubted
whether that is its true character. It is the bill to
enable the United States to make use of the solar
compass in the public surveys. I do not think it
will lead to discussion. I move that the Senate
proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The object of the bill is to appropriate $15,000
to compensate William A. Burt for the use, by
the United States, in the prosecution of the pub-
lic surveys, of the solar compass, which he has
invented and patented.
The use of Burt's solar compass, which has
been expensive in its construction, it is repre-
sented has saved the Government a heavy outlay
in surveying the mineral lands in Wisconsin,
Michigan. Iowa, and Arkansas, as in those min-
eral districts the ordinary compass was wholly in-
efficient, local attraction being so great as fre-
quently to prevent the traverse of the needle, caus-
ing variations from ten to one hundred and eighty
degrees. In 1852 the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office said that Burt's solar compass
has proved of inappreciable utility in the mineral
regions of Lake Superior and elsewhere, where
the local attraction is such as to render the ordi-
nary compass a useless thing.
In the mineral regions of Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, and Arkansas, it is estimated that 31,104
miles (9,953,280 acres) of public land surveys
were accomplished by it, at a maximum cost of
$186,624; which, without its discovery and use in
that service, could not have been surveyed with-
out resorting to^the tedious process involved iix
the use of transit and other instruments, causing
delays in the execution of the work, and propor-
tionally swelling the cost of the public surveys of
the same body of land to an estimated amount of
at least $622,080, and possibly a great deal more:
that is to say, to twenty dollars a mile instead of
six dollars,and possiblydouble theformer amount.
Mr. Burt is understood to have been fourteen
years in aiming to perfect his invention, and the
measure of compensation claimed is onemillonthe
acre for the results attained by means of the use of
his instrument, wherever it was of such indispen-
sable advantage and so economical to the public
r'- /
V
