1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. What is the proposition now
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To refer the
resolution and amendment to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. BRIGHT. When the honorable Senator
from Michigan offered his amendment, i stated
that 1 was willing to accept it. i think, in doing
that, 1 showed that 1 had no personal feeling m
this matter. Senators have spoken of a contest
here between papers, yourself, sir, (Mr. Fitz-
patrick being in the chair,) among the number.
I participate in no contest whatever. 1 can say
that I am as free from persona! feeling in what 1
have said as any other gentleman who bus spoken.
My object in introducing the proposition was to
benefit the public, not in dividuals; and as the In-
telligencer and Union had both declined that which
is now offered the Sentinel, I certainly did not
feel that it was offering any great boon to the pro-
prietors of that paper. Now, Mr. President, I
have indicated my feelings as regards this matter,
.by offering to accept the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan; that gives the
same service to each paper, and the same price
for it; and I again repeat, thfct I will accept it, if
the motion to refer is withdrawn, and adiiect vote
can be had.
Some objection is made to the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan, on the ground that it
proposes to take five thousand additional copies of
the Globe. I think that but fair. If the Globe
pays the increased expense of reporting our pro-
ceedings, additional compensation should be given :
the proprietor by increasing the number of extra
copies we take, in order to indemnify him therefor.
This is the most unexceptionable manner in which
it can be done, for the reason that it gives the ex-
tra copies to Senators for distribution among their
constituents. This is not money thrown away.
They are valuable as books of reference in all
time to come; and they are worth all that we pay
for them, if properly distributed.
I hope the Senate will come to a vote, and finally
dispose of this subject.
Mr. GWIN. I renew my motion to refer to
the Committee on Printing.'
Mr. BRlGHy. I have not the most remote
idea that that motion will prevail; but if it should,
I will renew my original lesolution.
Mr. GWIN. I happen to differ in opinion
from the Senator on that point. 1 undertake to
say no member of the Senate knows what ex-
pense will be incurred by the Senate under the
resolution, if it passes. It is not now the same
Proposition that was at first presented to the
enate to-day. It has been changed entirely in its
featuies since it came before the Senate, and I am
entirely opposed to it. I am opposed to it in
every foim in which it can come to increase the
number of papers in which the entire proceedings
of this body are to be published. I undertake to
say that there is not a man in the United States,
not one outside of the Globe office, who contin-
uously reads the whole proceedings of the two
Houses of Congress. There is not a man who
takes up that paper, and goes through, in detail,
the whole of those proceedings. It is very import-
ant to have a full record among the archives of
the country of the proceedingsof the two Houses
of Congress, and to that extent we should go, in
my opinion, and no further.
So far as I am concerned, I am anxious to sus-
tain the Globe; but I am utterly opposed to giving
this printing to the newspapers of this District,
and fastening them upon the Treasury, for the pur-
pose of maintaining their political existence, for
they are political papers. I think that when we
get an official record, a paper that gives the official
proceedings of the two Houses of Congress, we
should be content with that, and should go no
further.
At all events, I think it is disrespectful to the
Committee on Printing that so important a ques-
tion as this should be taken entirely away from
them, particularly when two members of that com-
mittee have just been added to it. The subject has
not been investigated by the present committee;
and certainly we do not treat them with that re-
spect which I think is dueto every committee here,
when we fail to refer the subject to them for their
investigation.
I may be entirely mistaken about the necessity
of printing these proceedings; but certainly when
the whole of the proceedings are published in one
paper in this District, in detail, from this time
until the end of the session, it will cease to be a
newspaper, except with regard to the doings of
Congress. I do not think it is proper for us to
act prematurely upon this matter; and I think no
harm can result from referring it to the Committee
on Printing, and letting them make a report of
what we should do.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I hope the
motion made by the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Gwin,] to refer the resolution, will
not receive the sanction of the Senate. For this
opinion of mine I could assign several reasons;
but one,! think, is enuiely sufficient, and will
commend itself to the consideration of every
member of the Senate, and especially of my Dem-
ocratic friends on this floor. First, when this
subject comes up again by a report from the com-
mittee, we shall have all this debate over again.
That is a serious evil to us all. Secondly, we
may have some unfortunate disclosures, calcu-
lated either to widen the existing breach, or to
make more discoveries respecting the existing
breach between the members of the harmonious
Democratic party. I should beexceedmgly pained,
having the greatest regard and respect for that
party, and especially for my fiiends on this floor
who belong to it, to see any more such painful
exhibitions as have been presented here to-day.
[Laughter.] And especially should I be sorry to
hear the Senator from California [Mr. Weller]
making a statement of the heterogeneous mate-
rials which composed the triumphant unity which
resulted in the election of President Pierce to the
high office which he now fills; and to have my
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] under the
necessity of getting up and protesting on this floor
—as if any man ever had a doubt of.it, [laughter]
—that eveiy member of the Democratic party, of
whatever shade or stripe, is perfectly honest in
all his purposes and motives. [Renewed laugh-
ter.] Sir, as a fiiend to the Senate, as reluctant
to have a consumption of the time of the Senate
by a renewal of the debate, and as feeling an es-
pecial anxiety to preserve the Union intact, and
to keep the character unsoiled, of the great Dem-
ocratic party in the United States, [laughter,]
I do insist that the Senate shall dispose of this
matter now. What good can arise from delay?
None at all. Are not all of us who are the true
friends of the Democratic party ready to vote for
this resolution ? [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WELLER. All of us?
Mr. BADGER. Surely we are. Why, there-
fore, postpone the subject? I hope we shall act
upon it now.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
my motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. As it.has been proposed to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Printing,
I wish to say that I was not a member of that
committee at the timethis subject was considered,
it has been, I will suggest to my friend from Cal-
ifornia, before the Committee on Printing, and it
was considered by them. I was not a memberof
| the committee at that time; but I have investigated
; the subject, so far as regards that portion which
! relates to theGlobeis concerned,minutely. Ihave
, for weeks at a time; 1 have investigated every part
• and branch of it; and I am satisfied that that part
i of the proposition is right, and that if we fail to
j agree to something like that, we shall have a diffi-
; culty here with regard to the report#, and you
] cannot help it. You do not want to do injustice,
' and yet you will do injustice to.the Globe, unless
] you take the five thousand additional copies, as
, provided for by the resolution. That 1 can assert
| as a member of the committee, on my own respon-
; sibility, without regard to my position as amem-
> ber of the committee, after a full investigation of
' the subject. I have satisfied myself of that; and,
; so far as that is concerned, I do not want to see
it referred to the committee at all. It was reported
upon by the committee before I became a mem-
ber of it.
j As to the other part of the resolution, gentle-
1 men all know the facts which have a direct bear-
' ing upon the subject. A few years ago you
j printed, in some three papers, all the proceedings
i of the Senate 
i Mr. CHASE. Two.
' Mr. WELLER. Three, including the Globe.
Mr. CHASE. The Globe came in in place of
the Intelligencer.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did not the Intelligencer,
the Union, and the Globe print them at the same
time ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did not the Republic?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. .No, sir, never.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Republic never had it.
Very well,then you had to pay&7 50 acolumnto
the Union and Intelligencer. Now you propose
to pay $4 50 to the papers mentioned in the reso-
lution. The only thing that I am not prepared to
answer for is as to the fairness of that compensa-
tion—whether $4 50 a'column is or is not too
much. Whether it is a fair compensation is the
only question that is left on my mind. Gentle-
men tell me that they have disinterested testimony
to the fact that $4 50 is a fair compensation. On
the assurance of the testimony which they have,
I am willing to concede that.
Then you formerly had those papers receiving
$7 50 per column, and now it is proposed to give
them $4 50. It is true that you are printing in
more of them now; but if you design to publish,
and continue publishing in the papers here, you
will have gained at the rate of three dollars a col-
umn on every column published in them by this
change.
Five thousand additional copies are proposed
to be given to theGlobe for the purpose of increas-
ing the compensation to that paper to meet the
changes which have occurred in all things since
the period when you made the first contract with
that paper—changes which have been so great as
to break down all the other papers engaged in
this reporting and printing at #7 50 a column.
We must know that the same causes act upon the
Globe concern with an equal force, and probably
with greater force, because at this day, and for
this Congress, the reporting is done not only, as~
gentlemen have conceded here, better than it is
anywhere else in the world, but the publication
of the reports, by working day and night, by
steam as well as manual labor, is done better than
it ever has been before.
There is no difficulty in my mind in regard to
this matterat all. As a member of the Committee
on Printing, I have no idea that I shall change my
opinion as to the propriety of the Globe concern
being paid additional compensation. With refer-
ence to the other part of the discussion, Senators
can judge as well as I can; and there is no disre-
spect to the Committee on Printing—for one, at
least, I can say that I will not so consider it—in
failing to refer it to them. If you do so refer, you
will have the discussion all over again hereafter,
when it is reported back from them. You have
the facts substantially now before you, and can
act upon them.
Mr. GWIN. I am aware of the fact that the
Senator from Arkansas was not a member of the
Committee on Printing when this subject was in-
vestigated; and there is also another Senator, who
is not now in his seat, the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] who is also a member of that
committee now.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. 1 can perhaps give the
Senator the information he is seeking. You have
a report lying on your table now which is the
result of the action of the Printing Committee. It
has been sleeping there perhaps some two months.
That subject was brought to the notice of the
Senate upon a resolution introduced by the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] His resolu-
tion was to take the same number of copies of the
Globe for the Senate as are taken by the House
of Representatives. It was taken up by the com-
mittee, and very fully and legitimately discussed.
At that time the committee was composed of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,]
the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] who was chairman, and myself. We scru-
tinized, with a great deal of nicety, the facts con-
nected with the whole transaction. We referred
the case to an officer who is intimately conversant
with the amount of the actual cost to the Globe,
and the amount to which the Government would
be subjected, if the increase contemplated by the
Senator from Arkansas was allowed. After much
deliberation, the committee reported and recom-
mended the Senate to increase the subscription to
the Globe, perhaps to the number of forty-eight
copies to each Senator. The House of Repre-
