1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207^
sentatives is composed of two hundred and thirty-
four members and four Delegates. The members
of that House, if I am not mistaken, receive
twenty-four copies each. The members of this
body receive but twelve. The resolution of the
Senator from Arkansas was to allow the same
number of copies to be taken by the Senate as is
taken by the House of Representatives. Accord-
ing to the best recollections which 1 have now,
though some time has elapsed since 1 examined
the subject, that would have allowed to each mem-
ber of this body, I think, about ninety-one copies
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix, at a
cost of what I cannot attempt to say, as I have not
had the time to do itsince this debate commenced;
but at some very considerable increase of cost.
After the question hud been fully discussed, a
majority of the committee recommended the Sen-
ate to increase the number to forty-eight to be
taken for each Senator. I did not concur in that
report. I satisfied myself, from statistics, and
from the opinion of gentlemen who seemed to be
conversant with the subject, that thirty-six copies
were as large a number as my discretion and judg-
ment would authorize me to recommend to the Sen-
ate; and hence the report was not acted upon, and
was not concurred m at the time it whs made.
Now, it is proposed to go beyond that by the reso-
lution of the Senator from Indiana, and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, and we un-
dertake really to take now from the' publisher of
the Globe as many copies as are taken by the
House of Representatives, when, in fact, the re-
port on the table recommends that each Senator
should receive forty-four or forty-eight copies.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Alabama will
allow me at this point to make a statement. The
proceedings of the Senate under our rules are about
as voluminous as the proceedings of the House.
We have no hour rule here, and if the Senator
will take the pains to look over the reports, he will
find that there is about as much matter reported
and printed for the Senate as is reported and print-
ed for the House. But this House is numerically
not much over one fourth the size of the House
of Representatives. Now, if twenty-four copies
are given to each of the Representatives, that
necessarily pays the publisher amuch larger sum
than if you gi e twenty-four copies to each mem-
ber of the Senate, for he sells nearly four times
the number of volumes to the House that he does
to the Senate. The Senator in making his calcu-
lation ought to take that into the account. When
you have taken the number proposed here, you
still will not have taken as many copies of the
book as are taken by the House of Representa-
tives, though they will be more, of course, to each
particular member here; but the profits accruing
to the publisher will be still less in theSenate than
they are in the House of Representatives; while
his expenditures for publishing in the Senate are
equal to his expenditures in the other House of
Congress. It is not a question, therefore, as to
whether you shall take forty-eight copies or a less
or greater number, but whether you shall pay
about the same price for reporting and publishing
here which is paid for the reporting and publish-
ing of the other House?
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to ask my friend
from Alabama one question before he goes on,
and that is, will this additional appropriation of
five thousand copies pay the editor of the Globe,
the regular reporter, a fair compensation or not?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That is almost double
the amount recommended by the committee.
Mr. BROWN. If the Segator will allow me a
moment; I have made a calculation. If you in-
"crease the subscription to five thousand and
twenty-two copies, it will then divide exactly
eighty-one copies to each Senator; if you keep it
at the present amount, five thousand, it will be
eighty copies and a fraction over. To get clear of
that fraction, I intended to propose to add twenty-
two more copies.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will that pay the editor?
Mr. BROWN. I understand it will, with the
number taken by the House. Atthis point, I will
ask my friend from Indiana to accept thatamend-
ment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to it.
Mr. BROWN. Then I propose to make the
number five thousand and twenty-tivo, so as to
have them divided equally.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I was about to say
that, anxious as I am to place the reporting and
printing on the footing which 1 have indicated, 1
am not willing to increase the number to the ex-
tent contemplated m the resolution. 1 am extreme-
ly anxious to confine the reporting to the solitary
paper, the Globe. Prom all that 1 have heard of
that paper, I understand that the loss to the pro-
prietor is accruing in this body. I am frank
enough to say, according to the best information
I have on the subject, that he sustains a loss here,
isolated and disconnected from the House of Rep-
resentatives, m the publii^tion of the reports; but
i not one word of complaint has been made about
! the loss m the House of Representatives, so far
! as 1 have heard. The publishing for the House
j of Representatives, and the publishing for this
j body, are part and parcel of the same work"; and
! when you take the profits which, I feel assured,
j accrue to the publisher from the large number of
j copies taken by the House of Representatives,
i and the large number here, it is a question involv-
| ing great doubt whether he is an intrinsic loser by
j the publication of the proceedings of Congress at
I the price he now gets. He is required to publish
, six thousand four hundred and fiity-six copies, if
| I am not mistaken, being twenty-four copies to
each member of the House of Representatives,
and twelve to each Senator.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will allow me, the
publisher of the Globe sells to the House about
five thousand seven hundred and twelve copies.
If 1 am correct in stating/hat the proceedings of
the Senate are as voluminous as the proceedings j
of the House, then to pay him the same remuner-;
ation which the House pays him, we ought to j
take the same number of copits. I have never
understood that he was excessively paid by the
House. Ha is paid a fair, 'living price for his
work—for the expense of reporting and printing— [
by taking five thousand seven hundred and twelve j
copies. We propose to" take five thousand and ,
twenty-two, so as to make the number divide j
equally. j
1 think my friend from Alabama is altogether
mistaken when he wants to charge a portion of the 1
profit in the House to the Senate, because the
publisher makes a larger profit, as he insists, in
the House, and therefore, that he ought to make
no profit m the Senate. I take it for granted that '
the House Printing Committee have looked into
this matter, and have agreed to pay nothing more
than a fair living profit for what they get, leaving
the Senate to do what it pleases. I take what they
have done as the basis of our action. Having been
a member of that House for many years, and
having looked into this subject, I am prepared to
say that the remuneration .to the Globe for these
publications is barely a living profit, nothing more.
Why, look at the book! There is not a pub-
lishing house in all Christendom, or outside of
Christendom, that will publish so much matter
for so small a sum of money. If my honorable
friend from Alabama will take the pains to look
into the matter, he will find that the Bible itself,
confessedly the cheapest publication on the face
of the earth, is not even now by the Bible socie- i
ties published so cheap, in proportion to the quan- '
tity of matter that goes into it, as is the Congres-
sional Globe. I do not speak of the value of the
matter, because it is just as expensive, you know,
to set up bad matter as it is to set up good mat-
ter; and if we insist upon its publication, we pay
by the bulk, and not by the quality of the book.
No man can take up the Congressional Globe,
and look at the type in which it is set, and com-
pare it with any other publication that ever was
made, and find a book that is published at so low
a price; therefore the profit on each particular vol-
ume must be very small, and. you must take a
very large number to make it at all remunerative.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will this pay ?
Mr. BROWN. I understand that if the num-
ber proposed in the proposition of the Senator
from Michigan be taketi, it will afford a fair re-
munerative price, and nothing more.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then I am for it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There is another very
important matter which seems to escape the no-
tice of the Senate, and one which 1 really think
should command their attention. I appeal to you,
sir, and to every gentleman on this floor, to know
if, after the debates have been reported and setup
and the press-work paid, for-, for a certain number
of copies, a larger number cannot be published for
almost half the amount which would have been
required for the original publication. That is a
matter which involved the scrutiny of the Com-
mittee; and although the Senate seem disposed to
act in this matter without any reference |o a com-.
mittee, I ask them to pause anil reflect before
they increase so largely the subscription to the
Globe. No one, 1 trust, will accuse me of any
prejudice against that paper. From the com-
mencement of the discussion to the present hour, '
I have endeavored, with all my energies, to con-
fine the reporting and printing of our debaies to
that paper, and to pay tile proprietor such" prices
as would enable him to live. It is said that the
publishing of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for the House of Representatives should
be considered distinct from the publication for the
Senate. But I repeat, if you take the number
furnished to the House, and add it to the publica-
tion here in the aggregate, it is a question in-
volving a great doubt whether the publisher of the
Globe i& a loser or not.
But, sir, what is to be the great cost of the
publication of the Globe? The proprietor ia re-
quired to publish sever, hundred and forty-four
copies, in order to give to each Senator the num-
ber to which he is entitled. When, as I before
remarked, the resolution of the gentleman from
Arkansas, proposing to largely increase this
number was referred to the committee, they sub-
mitted the question to a gentleman who was inti-
mately conversant with this matter; and we re-
quired from him statistics to show whether that
work could not be published in a larger number
for a less price than the number thei) published by
the Senate, and I will present his statements.
The Senator from Mississippi overlooks the
fact that reporting, composition, and press-work
are the most important items in this matter, and
after you have them paid for, additional copies can.
be published for a very small price comparatively.
1 have many statistics on this" subject. I have in
my possession a great deal of information derived
from the gentleman to whom the matter was re-
ferred by the committee, and in order that the
Senate may understand the question, I ask leave
to read one of his statements. Although I am
anxious, and have been from the commencement,
to place the publication of the debates solely in the
hands of the proprietor of the Globe, I do not
feel inclined to remain quiet and see so large a
number voted, when I am satisfied that a smaller
would afford a remunerative price. I have here
a statement of Mr. Towers, chief clerk of the
Superintendent on Public Printing, in which he
says:
March 2, 1854.
Sir : 1 have the honor to submit the following answer to
your verbal inquiries, made yesterday, respecting the net
cost to the printer of additional copies of the Congree&ional
Git'beanri Appendix.
Your first inquiry was*, " What will be the net cost to
the printer of 744 copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, in addition to those now subscribed for by the
Senate ?"—making in alt, 24 copies for each Senator, being
the same number that is now furnished each Representative
and Delegate in Congress.
The answer U>: As 4,930 copies is to $19,3")6,  o is 744
copies to the answer. The net cost to the printer, there-
fore, will be $2,927
The subscription price for 744 copies for the two sessions
of the Thirty-Third Congress, at $9 per copy, is...$6,698
The cost, as before stated, will be    2,027
Leaving a profit on those copies of. $3,7fi9
Your second inquiry was, " What will be the net cost of
1,488 additional copies? being 36 copies in all for each
Senator.
Jlnsivcr*
The subscription price is .   $13,392
The net cost to the printer will be  5,854
Leaving a profit on the 1,488 additional copies of ,$7,538
According to the above estimates, the cost to the printer
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix, far the who5e
Congress, over and above the number now subscribed for
by the Senate, (whether the additional number be large or
small,) will be $3 93 per copy, (dis.ca.rdmg fractions,)
against the subscription price of $9. The binding not in-
cluded, which is paid for at the rate of fifty-five cent* per
volume, and with which, I understand, the printer has no
connection.
The data upon which the foregoing estimates are based
are the same as those presented in my note of the 27th ulti-
mo, herewith returned to you.
It should be borne in mind that I have made no allow-
ance for capital invested, nor have I taken into the estimate
of the cost any of the expenses incuned by the printer in
reaching the point at which I commence, being that point
at which the Senate subscription to the -Congfesaonal
Globe and Appendix now cecses. I have confined myself
