498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
1 submit to the friends of this bill that we
ought to have a clear and explicit understanding
about this matter. It would be unbecoming this
body to legislate to the prejudice of the rights of
individuals. If it be true that the branch road
proposed to be built from Janesville, by way of
Madison, to the St. Croix river, does run along
side of this private road—for the building of which
the inhabitants of that State are entitled to the
greatest possible credit—it is essential, and due to
the House, that the matter should be plainly un-
derstood. We are compelled, in a great degree,
to act and vote upon faith. We rely upon the
representations of honorable members from other
portions of the country for what relates to their
districts. We are strangers to them, and we
ought, before being called upon to vote, and pos-
sibly to do injustice, particularly when intimations
of injustice to individuals are made, to have the
subject clearly explained. This bill ought not to
be acted upon by conscientious men until an op-
portunity has been given to them to look into it
themselves, and more especially so when the ex-
planations which have been made are not satis-
factory.
There is a map, in the committee room below,
of the whole United States, upon which is traced
the line of the Milwaukie road, and all that gen-
tlemen have to do is to look at this map and see
there these railroads laid down. It is now proposed
to endow the State, in order that it, or its grantees,
may become competitors, and that they may build
a rival road, by means of donations of public
lands. The land upon each side, even of the ex-
isting road, is given by this bill in order to accom-
plish it.
If these are the facts—and I profess to know
nothing of this matter, except from information
given to me by responsible gentlemen from that
Fortion of the country—they ought to be known.
presume the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands [Mr. Disnf.y] will enlighten us, for
we really want light upon this subject.
Mr. DISNEY. I will do so after the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] shall have finished his
remarks.
Mr. BISSELL. Upon the subject to which the
question of the gentleman from New York relates,
I have not informed myself. I have not looked
into the details of this bill, fori did not mean, af-
ter all, that the remarks I made should be partic-
ularly in favor of this bill, any more—though just
as much—than in favor of any other bill now, or
which may hereafter be, before us.
My object was to vindicate the policy of it, so
far as our experience, connected with the history
of the Illinois Central railroad was concerned, as
that was the burden of the speech of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] in opposition
to this bill.
I suppose this, however, and I would say, in
answer to the question propounded by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] that this
grant is so made to the State of Wisconsin. She j
has a.great deal of legislation to enact before this j
goes info practical operation. I think that we
may quite as safely leave the interests of her cit-
izens in her own hands, as to take charge of
those interests ourselves, whether those citizens
comprise a railroad company or be individuals.
That is all I have to say in reference to that
branch of the subject.
When I was occupying the floor before, I think
I did show that in the grant to the State of Illinois—
so similar to the one now before us, that the one
may be taken in all respects as the type of the
other—that none of the parties interested had i
been injured, but that all had been benefited. 1 i
give the statements of the President of the United ;
States, and of the Secretary of the interior, with- 1
out detaining the House by reading them, that the !
Treasury of the General Government is benefited |
by this policy. I give the statement fotmerly ;
made by the Executive of the State of Illinois, '
that it has operated most beneficially upon that ;
State, and of course upon her citizens. My own 1
experience, and I believe the experience of others j
who have had any knowledge of this policy, is to 1
the same effect, that the settlers are benefited by
it. As for the company which is engaged to ,
build this railroad, I apprehend gentlemen care ■
very little about them; though I think, as I said be-
fore, they ought to make money. Seeing nothing, j
therefore, in the argument of the gentleman from I
Tennessee, and knowing nothing after five or six
years reflection upon the subject, that inclines me
to doubt the wisdom of this policy, I am in favor
of all such bills; and in local matters which may
affect particular States, I leave all those States to
regulate and take care of themselves; as, for in-
stance, that which was brought to view by the gen-
tleman from New York. I think that matter is
better in the hands of the Legislature of Wisconsin
than here. The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Skelton] the other day seemed to manifest a great
deal of anxiety lest the western States might be-
come victims to monopolizing companies. There
may be some danger of that, but I think the west-
ern States are shrewd enough to look to their own
interests. At any rate, 1 do not hardly think it
is becoming in a gentleman from New Jersey to
lecture the western States upon the subject of mo-
nopolies, yielding up sovereignty, and all that sort
of thing, to railroad or canal companies.
Mr. SKELTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say a very few words upon this point.
Mr. BISSELL. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. I shall finish what I have to say in a few
moments. I Ifave merely to remark again, that I
think it is hardly the part of a representative from
the State of New Jersey to give us lectures or
lessons upon that subject. Why, is the State of
New Jersey itself anything except a railroad com-
pany ? Is not the legislation of the State in the
hands of one or two railroad companies ? I be-
lieve her entire sovereignty is in the keeping of
a railroad company, or the president thereof.
[Laughter.] Indeed, I am not certain but the
broad -seal of the State has been handed over to
some of these companies, and is now in the pos-
session of these same companies. I do not know
that it is so, but I think the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company would like to be in possession
of it, at any rate. However, I received the admo-
nitions of the gentleman from New Jersey with a
great deal of good will, and I really hope my State
will profit by it.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. SKELTON. I would like to say a few
words in reference to the imputations that have
been cast upon the State which I have the honor
in part to represent. Indeed, sir, I presume .1
may claim the right as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no such
right as a matter of privilege.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 will yield the floor to the
gentleman from New Jersey, but I wish him to un-
derstand that I do so only for a very few moments.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order,
I submit that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
net,] having once spoken upon this bill, is not
entitled to the floor to speak upon it again until all
those who wish have spoken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has not had the floor upon the proposition to com-
mit.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman made a
speech upon the bill, at any rate.
The SPEAKER. But not upon the motion to
commit.
Mr. SKELTON. I have but very few words to
say upon this subject. If it had not been that the
reputation of my State has been assailed upon this
floor, I should not have risen to reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Illinois. But I con-
sider it the duty of a member, representing a State
of the character which the State of New Jersey
possesses in this Union, to allow no imputation to
be thrown upon her.
We in New Jersey have always been strongly
in favor of State rights. We have, in looking
back upon our past history, shown to the Amer-
ican people and to the world that we are capable
of self-government.
The time was when our number of inhabitants
was very small, that the whole power of the Brit-
ish Government took possession of our teriitoiy,
but the people of New Jersey even then never
yielded for a moment, but fought bravely for their
rights; and they eventually succeeded in driving
from their soil, after the most bloody and sangui-
nary battles of the Revolution, the most'desperate
' enemy that this country has ever known. It
I would not be becoming the representatives of New
! Jersey at this time to allow the other States of
this Union to undertake to dictate to them on ques-
tions of domestic policy, nor yet to cast asper-
sions upon them.
With regard to these railroad companies, and
chartered companies generally throughout the
United States, I am not the defender of them. I
wish it to be distinctly understood that what I
have to say is not in defense of chartered corpo-
rations anywhere, but in defense of the fair fame,
independence, and liberties of the people of a sov-
ereign State.
Sir, I could show.this House, if my time al-
lowed—but 1 do not propose to trespass on the
courtesy tendered me by the gentleman from Ohio
—that the people of New Jersey not only have
the power of self-government, but that they have
the capability; and not only that, but that they
have always been careful to respect and protect
the rights and interests of the people of the other
States of the Union.
Now, I wish to say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and to all other gentlemen who may rise
upon this floor, and make reflections upon the State
of New Jersey, that we are a sovereign State, and
that we have the right, the capability, and the de-
termination to govern ourselves,and our own local
institutions in our own way 
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) I hope that the
gentleman from New Jersey will not enter into a
discussion of the question of State rights, for if
we once get upon that question we shall never do
any business during this Congress. We all know
that New Jersey is capable of taking care of her-
self, and she sends sons here who are more than
capable of taking care of her interests.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for a gentle-
man holding the floor to yield it to another for
explanation only, and if objection is made, the
Chair must decide that the gentleman from New
Jersev is indulging in remarks which are not in
order. „
Mr. SKELTON. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that my remarks are not in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
competent to the gentleman from Ohio,having the
floor, to yield it to the gentleman from New Jersey
for explanation only.
Mr. SKELTON. That is what I am attempting
to do. I am explaining my course in debating
this question, and defending the reputation of my
State.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must endeavor
to draw a distinction between mere explanation
and a speech, and if any member calls the atten-
tion of the Chair to it the Chair must rule there-
marks of the gentleman out of order.
Mr. COBB. I am always very much inter-
ested in the speeches of the gentleman from New
Jersey, but I desire to facilitate the business of
the House.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, I will take my seat
now.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama call the gentleman from New Jersey to
order?
Mr. COBB. I hate to do it, and I hope he will
! quit without bping called to order.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to by any
member, the gentleman from New Jersey can pro-
ceed with his remarks
: Mr. DISNEY. With every disposition to ex-
i tend to the gentleman from New Jersey all the
i courtesy which the propiieties of the case will ad-
' mit of, still I confess that I feel unwilling to yield
the floor to him to make any very extended re-
, marks.
i Mr. SKELTON. I will not trespass on the
i courtesy of the gentleman and of the House, but
j will reserve my remarks for some other occasion.
! Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I presume that my
, friend and colleague [Mr. Disney]Is about to make
i the closing speech on this bill.
! Mr. DISNEY. Oh, no.
| Mr.TAYLOR. I desiretomakeafewremarks
| about it, and I should like to do so now, if it be
\ agreeable to my colleague. He will have the priv-
I ilege to close the debate, and it may be that unless
j the opportunity be afforded me now, I shall not
I have it at all.
| Mr. DISNEY. My whole purpose and object
] has been to afford to every gentleman upon this
i floor ample opportunity to examine all the }3ro-
; visions of the bill, and to do it in every possible
ii position in which the case might be considered.
The bill has met with my deliberate approval and
|| judgment, after a calm and dispassionate examin-
II ation; and, confident in the justice and validity of
