2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the public printers, and the certificates of the Superin-
tendent of Public Piintmg thereon, so far as the same relate
to the printing for tiie Executive Departments, shall be sub-
ject to the examination and control of the accounting offi-
cers and Secretary of the Treasury, m like manner as other
public accounts ; and tho«e which relate to the printing for
the Senate and House of Representatives shall be subject to
the examination and control ot the respective Houses in
like manner as other expenditures for said Houses.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
Page ninety two, after the word " therein," in line two-
thousand two hundred and fifty-eight, strike out the words ,
" bo far as the same relate to the printing of the Executive 1
Departments." \
Pa^ge ninety three, after the word " accounts," in line i
two thousand two hundred and sixty-two, strike out the I
residue of the clause, which reads " and those which relate
to the printing for the Senateand House of Representatives
shall be subject to the examination and control of the re-
spective Houses in like manner as other expenditures for
said Houses ;  so that, as amended, the clause will read:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the accounts of
the public printers, and the certificates ot the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing thereon, shall be subject to the
examination and control of the accounting officers and
Secretary of the Treasury, in like manner as other public
accounts.
The amendment will explain itself. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury will refer to the accounts :
of the public printing; and the certificates of the '
Superintendent of the Public Printing shall be j
subject to the examination and control of the Sec- ;
retary of the Treasury, in like manner as other
public accounts.
The amendment proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate's amend-
ment, as amended; and it was concurred in.
One hundred and sixty-ninth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the President
of the United States he, and he is hereby, authorized to
appointor employ m his official household the following
olficers, to wit: one secretary to the President, at a yearly !
salary of $'2,50l), who shtgl take charge of such official I
papers as shall he confided to him, and perfoim Midi other i
duties as may be directed by the President; one clerk, at a f
yearly salary of $1 ,600; one httnvard, at a yearly salary of !
$1,000, who shall, under the directum of the President, >
have charge of, and he responsible for, the plate and furni
ture of the President's* Mansion, and shall discharge such
other duties as the President may assign him ; one messen-
ger, at a yearly salary of $900; arid one assistant messen-
ger, at a yearly salary of #750. And for the payment oi the
compensation of the said officers, during the present fiscal
year, the sum of $6,750, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
■^r- FLAGt^ER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by fciriking out in line two thousand two
hundred and seventy, the words " twenty-five,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words " fifteen;" and
in line (wo thousand two hundred and seventy-
three, strike out nil after the word " dollars, "j
The clause, if so amended, would read: j
And be x t father enacted, That the President of the Uni- I
ted States tie, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint or |
employ m hi* official household the f«>JJ<nv>mr to J
wit: one wretnryto the President, at a veativ salary of'
$1,Sou, who thai! take charge of such official papers u« 1
tdiall he confided to lain, and perfoun such oilier duties as i
may be directed by the President; one clerk, at a vearlv .
salaiy of I
August 1,
This section proposes an increase of nearly
$7,0U0 to the expenses of the Executive Depart-
ment. 1 suppose it has crept in here iri the gen-
eral increase of expenses of the National Govern- i
ment in almost every conceivable way, and looks !
like an attempt to implicate the President in that;
vast enlargement of our national expenditure. I I
am persuaded he doea not desire this inciease of j
officers in or about his household. I think I can i
prove, not by any express declaration, but by in-
ference, that he is opposed to this increase, and |
that he will exclaim, if it passes," An enemy hath
done this." On a certain 4th of March, standing;
m the presence of thousands of his countrymen
not far hence, he uttered these memorable words:
' In the administration of domestic affairs, von exoect a
devoted integrity in the publie*ervice, and nil observa'neem
riiiui economy 111 all departments, mark* d as never justly
!f lh,s expectation be not
rea izt d, 1 frankly contcss that one of your leadm" hones
is doomed to disappointment, and that my eii'orts, in a \erv
inljioflant particular, must result in a humiliating fail-
Now, assuming—and I hope it will not be re-
garded as a violent assumption—that the Presi-
dent meant what he said on that occasion, he will
not thank us for swelling the expenses of the
White House, as proposed by the Senate. I
would be glad to move the extract which I have
read from the inaugural as a substitute for this
section. Would that be in order, Mr. Chair-
man? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has an
amendment already pending.
Mr. FLAGLER. I would withdraw that if
this is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not in order.
Mr. WHEELER. Have it read at the desk
for information.
Mr. FLAGLER. I acquiesce in the decision
of the Chair. I am satisfied, upon due reflectfon,
that the economical language of the inaugural
would not be in harmony with the extravagance
everywhere apparent in the plethoric proportions
of this bill. I think it a pity, however, that it
cannot be embalmed and laid away m so fitting a
sepulcher.
The question was taken upon Mr. Flagler's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I propose to ask the Chair
whether an amendment coming in after the word
" dollars," in the two thousand two hundred and
eightieth line, after the provision of a salary for
a messenger, in these words, "and for one lady
ot the bedchamber, $500," would be in order?
[Laughter.]
Mr. PRATT. Nonsense.
Mr. PECKHAM. I have an amendment to
ofl'er to this Senate amendment, and one word to
say upon it. I move to strike out all this appro-
priation except one dollar. What 1 said m regard
to lighting the fires and keeping the furnaces in
the President's House applies to this appropria-
tion. Here is a number of new officers originated
to form an "official household" for the Presi-
dent. 1 have no idea, Mr. Chairman, none what-
ever, of increasing the salary of the President uf
the United States in a petty, sideways, indirect
manner. If his pay is not enough, 1 am in favor
of increasing it ill a straightforwaid, manly, Dem-
ocratic mode.
Mr. PRATT. The President does not ask for
any more.
•Mr. PECKHAM. But as long as the Constitu-
tion remains unaltered, which prohibitsany change
of his salary to affect an unexpired term, 1 do not
see how we can aid the President in his present
term; but we can raise his salary by the com-
mencement of his next term. [Laughter ]
Now, sir, I do not care to argue this question,
and t do not intend to elaborate at all—■—■
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have a
vote then.
Mr. PECKHAM. As soon as T am through
f will. But this idea of a sort of kitchen court, a
bedchamber court, strikes me as at least a novelty
in this land of republican simplicity. But if the
President desires them, let him employ them, and
give them such titles as he pleases. I have no
objection. If he have not the means to pay—if
his salary is too small—let us take no diagonal,
sinuous way to add to it A petty mode of doing
things, besides being unconstitutional; but let us
go openly to the subject, and increase the salary
as much as propriety shall require. I shall not
go for these things.
Now, the worthy gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Jones] may advocate this, and think that it
is a small matter, and appeal to the Democracy to
sustain him. I will not find fault with his taste
or his principles. He deems it rather a matter of
taste.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man from NTew York allow me to say a word?
Mr. PECKHAM. No, sir. It would be
granting what the gentleman denied me; still, I
will not forget to be courteous, and I will yield
the floor. i
Mr. JONES. With that statement, 1 decline to I
occupy the floor in the gentleman's time. |]
Mr. H1BBARD. Will the gentleman allow!
me to explain ? j
Mr. PEOKHAM. Not now. As I said, I
have no wish to attack the President I would j
not act in reference to a matter of this kind, either ;
directly or indirectly, from personal considera- j,
tions. But, sir, I desire to act as it seems to me '■
the House should act. If the salary of the Pres- j:
ldent of the United States is not sufficient, let it 1'
be increased by a direct act of Congress. But let
us keep out of the President's kitchen, and not
violate the Constitution in this petty way. As to
this furnace-tender of the President, I think I un-
derstood the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to say that this was the first time the
allowance was ever made or proposed, I wish to
inquire of him if I am correct ?
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromNew
York must confine himselt to the explanation of
his amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
I whether this furnace appropriation has ever been
made before?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order. The amendment to which
the gentleman from New York refers has been dis-
posed of, and it is not in order to refer to it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not see what principle is
to be settled by the adoption or the rejection of this
amendment. I desire it, however, to be under-
stood that this amendment originated in the Senate.
It is not an appropriation that the President has
asked from the Senate, or from the House. It
has not been asked by any Executive Depart-
ment. But it was put in by the Senate upon their
own motion. I do not, therefore, see the perti-
nency of the remarks of the gentleman from New
York. I will state further, that the Committee of
Ways and Means have recommended a non-con-
currence in the amendment, and I hope the vote
will be taken upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I should like to
ask the gentleman from New Hampshire whether
this amendment was not offered in the Senate by
a Whig, and mainly supported by the votes of
Whig Senators ?
Mr. HIBBARD. I will state, in reply to the
gentleman, that 1 believe this amendment was
offered by a very respectable Senator on the Whig
side, and that it was carried through under his
lead.
Mr. WHEELER. I should like to know
whether the Whigs have a majority in the Senate?
Mr. HIBBARD. I will tell thegentleman.
Mr. PECKHAM. I call the gentleman from
New Hampshire to order. He is not speaking in
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD. Well, sir, I must say the call
to order comes with a very bad grace from thegen-
tleman from New York, who himself opened the
way for this discussion.
Mr, PECKHAM. I call the gentleman to order.
When 1 was upon the floor, and desired to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a question, I was called to order.
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman indicated
his purpose to ask a question in reference to an
j amendment which had been disposed of by the
cifmmittee, and therefore the Chair called the gen-
tleman from New York to order.
Mr. HIBBARD. Well, sir, I will notproceed,
if it is objected to; but I must repeat, that this
comes with a very bad grace from the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. Peckham's amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
One hundred and seventieth amendment:
Sfc. —. Jlntl be if further rnactetl, That a yearly appro-
priation be made for the purchase of stationery, binding,
publie documents, and other contingent expenses of the
Executive office, to he expended by the Secretary to the
President, under the direction of the President; and for
Hi at purpose, during ttie present fiscal year, ,$650, is hereby
appiupriated out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. I will state to the committee
that amendments, numbers one hundred and sev-
enty-one, one hundred and seventy-two, one hun-
dred and seventy-three, and one hundred and
seventy-four, all of them, relate to the subject of
the Mint, They are all connected, and I propose
that without reading, the vote be taken upon them
in gross. The-Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence.
The CHAIRMAN. If it be the pleasure of
the committee, the question will be taken on all
the amendments indicated at once.
There was no objection.
