1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. PARLEY. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would ask the
Chair, if that motion fails, whether it would not
be in order to move that the committee takfe a re-
cess for an hour or two?
. Mr. KE1TT. I trust, if the gentleman from
Indiana is unwilling to proceed now, that some
other gentleman will take the floor, and proceed
•with the discussion.
Mr. WALSH. I demand tellers upon the mo-
tion that the committee rise.
Mr. FARLEY. I withdraw my motion, as
there is an understanding made by which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] is to take
the floor.
Mr. W fVLSH. We have been repeatedly told
that there were a number of gentlemen who de-
sired to express their views upon this subject. Let
them have an opportunity to do so until ten o'clock
at night; but there appears to be a scarcity of
speakers.
Mr PARKER. I have been trying to get the
floor for some time; and the'gentleman who oc-
cupied the chair on yesterday assured me that I
could have the floor to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is .entitled to the floor.
Mr. WALSH. You had better proceed. Make
hay while the sun shines.
Mr. PARKER. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York, with the understanding
that I shall occupy it to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That arrangement has
been made very frequently with other gentlemen,
and I hope it will be permitted with my colleague,
as he is loo unwell to speak this evening.
Mr. WALSH. I hope some of these gentle-
men who are so anxious to speak will hurry up.
Mr. BENNETT. I am ready to speak now.
Mr. B. then viewed the proposed repeal of the
Missouri compromise as an attempt to extend sla-
very over territory now free, and, as such, he was
opposed to it, as were all men of all parties and
creeds in his district. This attempt to repeal that
compromise, which had stood for so many years,
and which was made for the settlement of a great
question, had been brought before Congress in a
very singular manner. It was a remarkable fact
that this Congress was not elected wilh reference
to this question. It was elected when nobody
dreamed that any such measure would be pro-
posed as the one under consideration.
He then argued against the bill, as one calculated
to renew the slavery agitation, and as altogether
unnecessary. He denied that the compromise of
1850 repealed that of 1820, and contended that the
compromise of 1820 was a compact.
Mr. STRAUB obtained the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stradb] yield me the
floor for a moment ?
Mr. STRAUB assented.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. With the permission
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 1 desire to
move that the committee do now take a recess
until six o'clock.
Several Membkrs. No; say seven o'clock.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My object, Mr.
Chairman, in making this motion, is for the pur-
pose of affording ample opportunity for debate, in
order that there may be no just ground for saying
that time was not allowed for all to discuss this
question. I therefore move that the committee do
now take a recess to six o'clock.
A Member addressed the Chair.
Mr. STRAUB. Permit me for one moment, if
you please. I believe I am entitled to the floor.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 understood thatthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania yielded me the floor
that I might make the motion which I have sub-
mitted.
Mr. STRAUB. I will explain myself, if the
gentleman will wait a moment. 1 have no objec-
tion, Mr. Chairman, to yield for an adjournment,
provided there is an understanding that I will
have the floor when the committee meets again.
Several Members. Oh, certainly, you will
have it.
Mr. WITTE. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] to say
seven o'clock as the hour at which the committee
Khali reassemble.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Very well. I now
move, Mi. Chairman, that the committee tak| a
recess until seven o'clock this evening, to meet
again with the understanding that no business is
to be transacted, but that members are to speak
on the Nebraska question
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is right; we will
then have better audiences, and everything else.
Mr. SAGE. It strikes me that we have been
laboring pretty hard this week; and if members
are to remain here until twelve o'clock to-night, it
will be quite a severe tax upon them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that there is no quorum present; and if a division
is called upon the motion, it musLf&il.
Mr. HUGHES. I call for a diision upon the
motion. If there is, however, a desire on the part
of any gentlemen to speak, I do not wish to throw
any obstruction in their way.
Mr. SAGE. It appears to me that there is too
thin a House to justify us m taking a recess.
Mr. STRAUB. Will the Chair be kind enough
to state the question now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion submitted by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckin-
ridge,] by the permission of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Straob,] was, thatthe com-
mittee take a recess until seven o'clock. And the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hughes] moves
that the committee rise.
Mr. STRAUB. Then I claim to have the floor.
Mr. WITTE. I was about to state, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Straob] !
yielded the floor only for the purpose of allowing
the gentleman from Kentucky to submit a motion
that the committee take a recess, and not to a
motion that the committee rise.
Mr. STRAUB. I take this occasion to say,
that if there be any gentleman here in the minor- ;
ity upon this particular question who wishes to
make a speech, for him I will yield the floor, but
to no one else.
The CHAIRMAN. I understood the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to .yield for a motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. STRAUB. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky insist upon his motion that the com-
mittee take a recess ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My only object in
submitting the motion was to afford an opportu-
nity for fuller discussion; but as those gentlemen
from whom I supposed the proposition would
receive a favorable consideration object to it, I
withdraw the motion, in order thatthe gentleman
from Pennsylvania may proceed now.
Mr. STRAUB. I do not wish to press upon
the committee the few remarks which I have to
offer. I am willing that the committee shall take
a recess, but I am not willing that it shall rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that there is no
quorum present; and if the motion to take a recess
should be put, under a call foradivision, itwould
necessarily be lost. The committee can rise, how-
ever, without a quorum.
Mr. STRACJB said that he could discover no
occasion for bitter and unkind feelings on this
subject. He had looked at the bill, and examined
its provisions, and could see in it merely the great
principle of the people to govern themselves.
Pass this bill, of the success of which he had no
doubt, and the ambitious and enterprising men of
the eastern, northern, western, and middle States,
will take possession of every inch of the Terri-
tory. The only reason he could see forhis southern
brethren standing by the bill was, that they go
for the principle. They stand on the Constitu-
tion, where every man stands who shall vote for
the bill.
Mr. WADE here obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I trust the gentleman
from Ohio will give way until I can submit a mo-
tion.
Mr. WADE. I yield.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I then move that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee" accordingly, at five o'clock and
thirty minutes, agreed to take a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee, according to the terms of the
motion that the committee take a recess, reassem-
bled at seven o'clock, p. m., about a dozen mem-
bers being present.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. With the permission
of my colleague, [Mr. Wade,] I move that the
committee do now rise. It is too bad to cbmpel a
member to speak to so small an audience.
The question was put: and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. WADE then took thefloor, and addressed
the committee an hour in opposition to the bill.
He reviewed its provisions to show its inconsis-
tencies, and termed it a deceitful and lying bill.
Its object was to make slavery a domestic institu-
tion in these contemplated Territories, and never
before had it been asked to establish slavery north
of the line of 36° 30'. If they would amend the
bill, and say that the population of these Terri-
tories should determine their institutions for them-
selves by popular vote, then he would cease his
feeble opposition to this measure, and cease to
agitate the question before the people of the coun-
try; but they should not determine the color of
the people who we&e to take this large region into
their hands. The law which excluded slavery
from these Territories was binding by law; but a
compromise, which had for its object the oppres-
sion of the poor black man, was void before
Heaven and earth.
Mr. BANKS next obtained the floor.
Mr. SEYMOUR. If the gentleman will give
way, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not desire to go on now, I
hope he will give way for some one else to speak
to-night.
Mr. BANKS. If any other gentleman desires
to speak to-night, I will yield to him with the un-
derstands? that I have the floor for the morning.
Mr. ROBBINS. I understand that the floor
had been assigned to Mr. Parker, of Indiana,
for the morning.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no such
understanding.
■ Mr. PURYEAR. That understanding was
entered into by the gentleman who occupied the
chair in the morning session, [Mr. Stanton, of
Tennessee.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the arrangement to be that Mr. Banks was to have
the floor in the morning.
Mr. BANKS. I am willing to accede to the
arrangement that Mr. Parker shall have the
floor m the morning, if that was the understand-
ing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
there was no such understanding.
The question was put; and the Chairannounced
the result—ayes 17, noes 16.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would inquire how
the Chair votes? If he votes in the negative, the
motion will be lost.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
affirmative.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 236, entitled " An act to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," but had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at eight
o'clock and five minutes, p. m.,) until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 18, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hold in my hand an amend-
