1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
ject to private entry at $1 25 an acre. The ne-
cessity of this amendment must strike every
member of the House instantly, I do not desire,
in the first place, that when we have given a man
the right to a farm of one hundred and sixty acres,
to allow him to go and locate it upon the mineral
lands.
After consultation with the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, I am satisfied that, as the bill
now reads, any man would be entitled to go and
locate his land upon the mineral lands of the United
States; and I have therefore proposed to amend so
as to confine the bill in its operations to the min-
eral lands.
The next important provision in the amendment
provides that the warrants shall be located upon
lands subject to private entry at $1 25 an acre.
This is to avoid the locations being made upon the
alternate sections upon which we have raised the
price to $2 50 an acre, the object of which was,
that in making donations to the States for rail-
road purposes, the Government should at least be
compensated to some extent for the land they
have given away.
These are the prominent features of the amend-
ment to which I desire to call the attention of the
committee. Gentlemen will see that they are ma-
terial, and that they differ materially from the ori-
ginal provisions of the bill. It proposes to extend
the privileges of the bill to single men, as well as
to require them to locate upon agricultural lands,
subject to private entry, at the price of $1 25 an
acre, so that they shall not locate upon the lands
upon which the price has been raised to $2 50 an
acre, and upon mineral lands. These are import-
ant features. I think they will strike every mem
ber of the committee as such, and I am satisfied,
from several consultations I have had with the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture, [Mr.
Dawson,] that he cannot interpose any very seri-
ous objections to the adoption of the amendment.
I do not know that 1 need to say more at pres-
ent in support of my amendment. I am aware
that it will operate to increase the extent of the
provisions of the bill, but I hope it will be adopted.
I did hope that my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jokes,] who is a bachelor, would have brought
forward an amendment proposing to extend the
privileges of the bill to unmarried females who
shall have arrived at the age of twenty-one years.
I advocated that policy in committee, but I was
overruled. I hope, however, that my bachelor
friend from the State of Tennessee, if he will not
entitle himself to enjoy the privileges of the bill
by sharing them with a female, will at leastallow
her to take to herself the farm and enjoy it in
loneliness.
Mr. DAWSON. I think it will be the best
policy for the friends of the bill to adhere to it as
reported, and pass it in its original form. There
are, it is true, some arguments to be adduced in
support of the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama, but I think that, upon examination, it
will be found that it contains so many proposi-
tions in a single sentence that its interpretation
will be rendered very ambiguous, if adopted by
the committee.
It proposes to amend, in the third line of the
section, by extending the privileges of the bill to
single as well as married men. Now, I do not
object to that proposition, and would agree at once
to its adoption, but I fear that it may possibly en-
danger the passage of the bill. It will be bad
policy for us to propose to do too much at once.
I prefer, the more certainly to secure the passage
of the bill, to confine its operation, in the first in-
stance, to the heads of families
The last part of the gentleman's amendment is
out of place. He wishes to confine the entries to
lands, the minimum value of which is only $1 25
an acre, thereby intending to exclude the alternate
sections reserved in the various railroad grants
that have been made by Congress. If the com-
mittee see proper to adopt it, I have no objection
to it, but it is ill-timed and out of [dace. If" intro-
duced at all, it would come in properly in the
seventeenth line of the lastsection. I would, there-
fore, suggest to the gentleman from Alabama, that
he should divide his amendment, and offer it
separately. Some of the propositions contained
in it I shall not object to; but I trust that the
friends of the bill will adhere to it in its present
shape, and endeavor to carry it through without
any material alterations.
Mr. DEAN. I move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama by striking out
the word " State."
Mr. TAYLOR. How will it read then?
Mr. DEAN. It will read " in any territory of
the United States."
I am in favor of the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, or of the principles of that
bill; and I shall vote for it in almost any form, as
long as it contains the principle of granting one
hundred and sixty acres of land to actual settlers
free of cost. I desire to perfect it; but I hope that
a bill to carry out that principle will be passed be-
fore the adjournment of the present Congress.
Gentlemen who have made hour speeches upon
this subject have said that the Senate will not pass
the bill. Now I submit to gentlemen who are in
favor of this principle, that if we cannot get the
whole, if we cannot provide a homestead for every
actual settler in the States, we can at least incor-
porate the principle into the territorial bills, and
insist that it shall be a fundamental law hereafter
in the organization of new Territories.
Mr. DAWSON. What gentleman who has
made an hour speech has said that the Senate will
not pass the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from New York that he will hold
that debate must bestrictly confined to the amend-
ments under consideration. The gentleman must
therefore confine his remarks to the proposition to
strike out " State."
Mr. DEAN. I am confining my remarks to
the proposition to confine the operation of this
bill to the Territories. In the States rights have
already accrued and become vested in individuals.
The Government can sell the lands in the States,
but if individuals choose to go into the Territo-
ries, there can be no doubt that they ought to
have a farm given them in return for the priva-
tion that they must there endure.
Sir, this question in regard to the public lands
ought to be taken out of Congress. The lands
within the States ought to be ceded to those States,
and they should be allowed to administer their
own lands as suits themselves. There is a bill
pending here for that purpose so far as one of
the States is concerned. But we have exclusive
jurisdiction over the Territories, and we ought to
exercise it, and see that this principle is carried
out in the Territories, although we may not be
able to secure itin the States. Itis for that reason
that I proposeto strikeoutthe word " State" in the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama.
There is another reason why this ought to be
done. The public lands were originally ceded by
New York, Virginia, and other States, for the
purpose of having them settled and formed into
republican States; and when those republican
States are formed, the jurisdiction over the lands
ought to be granted to them; but, so far as the
Territories are concerned, 1 insist that it is the duty ]
of every friend of the homestead policy to see I
that this principle is carried out strictly, and applied
to every Territory hereafter to be formed.
Mr. COBB. Believing the gentleman's amend-
ment wrong, I, of course, oppose it. In the first
place, I hold that the lands within the States be-
longing to the Federal Government should be
governed, so far as settlements are concerned, by
precisely the same law that they are in the Terri-
tories; but I shall bring forward no argument to
refute the gentleman's position; I shall not at-
tempt to do it; I think it is so obvious that it is
haidly necessary for rue to allude to it.
But one word to the chairman of the Commit-
tee an Agriculture, [Mr. Dawson,] who reported
the first bill here, though not the first one intro-
duced into the House, or of which notice was
given of its introduction; but bill No. 37, which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture,
and next day reported back without almost an
hour's consideration. The amendment which I
propose is one that was thoroughly matured by
the Committee on Public Lands, after due delib-
eration, for nearly one month. Can the gentle-
man, or does he, point out one solitary provision
in my amendment to which he objects? If he
can or does I will pause for him to point it out.
Then he does not object to one single provision of
my amendment; but he says that it comes in ill
time, and therefore proposes to add it along by
piecemeal to perfect his own bill. I am for per-
fecting a bill when I commence with its consid-
eration. If it be perfected before it reaches the
point wh$re the gentleman's bill maybe perfect,
why then we can easily dispose of such parts of
his bill as we deem wholly and entirely imperfect.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cbair must remind
the gentleman that he must apply the same rule
to him as he did to the gentleman from New York.
The gentleman must confine his remarks to op-
posing the amendment to strike out the word
(( States."
Mr. COBB. That is confining me within too
prescribed a field. I want more sea room. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The first section
of the bill, as it stands now, is near about right. I
move, for the purpose of perfecting it in my esti-
mation, a slight amendment. Insert after " fam-
ily "the words " or who is eighteen years of age,"
so that the section will read:
"That any person who is the head of a family, or who
is eighteen years of age, and a citizen of the United States,
shall, from and after the passage of this act, be entitled to
enter, free of cost, one quarter section of vacant and unap-
propriated public land?, or a quantity equal thereto, to be
located in a body, in conformity with the legal subdivisions
of the public land*, and after the same shall have been &ur
veyed."
Gentlemen suggest that I insert twenty-one in-
stead of eighteen. I prefer the age of eighteen,
because that is the age at which your Government
require military services of the male citizens of the
country. When they are thought competent and
able to perform such service I think that it is noth-
ing but right that they should be participants in
the benefits of a bill of this kind.
Again, in another part of the bill, itis proposed
that if the person who settles on the land shall die
before the expiration of the five years, that then
the right of location shall be sold for the benefit of
theheirs who are fourteen years of age. When we
come to that, part of the bill I will •
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I proposed an amendment to the
original bill, and I hold it is not proper for the
gentleman to offer an amendment, and speak to it,
while my motion is pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and rules that it is in order to offer
an amendment to the portion of the bill proposed
to be stricken out, in order to perfect it, before the
vote is taken upon the motion to strike out.
Mr. .TONES. When we shall come to that
clause of the bill which provides that its benefits
shall result to children under fourteen years of
age, I will move to strike out " fourteen " and in-
sert, in lieu thereof, " eighteen,"so that there shall
he no gap left in this provision; and that, at the
time the benefits shall cease to the children, they
shall acquire it in their own right.
Again, there are many persons in this country
who marry at as early an age as eighteen;and there
are many who, at that age, might desire to go and
make a location of land preparatory to forming
that union. I would desire this bill to be so per-
fect, that if such persons should make the location
at eighteen years of age, and then after that con-
tinue to cultivate the land for five years, they shall
have all the rights secured by this bill. I can see
no good reason why it should not be so. With
thatamendment, the section will be about as per-
fect, in my estimation, as it can be made. It will
be plain, simple, and comprehensive.
The other provisions in the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Alabama, or some of them,
if it be deemed right by the committee to incor-
porate them, will come in in other^parts of the bill
more appropriately than in this section.
I hope the committee will adopt this amend-
ment, and thereby provide that American citizens,
heads of families, or eighteen years of age, shall
be embraced within the provisions of this bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Would an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ala-
bama be now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee is pending, and is first
to he acted upon. An amendment will then be in
order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I could not hear what
the proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee
was.
[A message was "here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbory Dickino, their Secretary,
