1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
third article of the treaty, that this company
stands on a different ground. It is in these words:
" Akt. 3. In the future appropriation of the territory south
of the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude, as provided in
the first article of this treaty, the possessory rights of
the Hudson's Bay Company, and of all British subjects
Who may be already in the occupation of land, or other
property, lawfully acquired within the said territory, shall
be respected."
"My time will not permit a construction of this
treaty. Five minutes! It would require as many
hours. The Hudsotjls Bay Company are in pos-
session of many tracts of land, which they call
forts—both in Washington and Oregon; and this
company, like the Puget's Sound Agricultural
Company, own large herds of cattle, sheep, and
horses. I havg no personal knowledge save of
the post at Vancouver. The Hudson's Bay Com-
pany claim at this place a tract of land, as is said,
of thirty-six miles up and down the Columbia
river, by about fifteen miles wide. This tract
is supposed to be the best land in the Territory.
Upon this tract the Fort Vancouver is situated,
a strong and well fortified place. This claim of
land is all settled by adverse claimants, under the
donation law, even up to the cannon's mouth
on the fort. Their fields are taken, their fences
removed, their houses occupied, and they are
defied. They have warned the people away,
and from some they receive rents.
The officers in charge are bound to obey the
instructions which are furnished from London by
the stockholders, and they have manifested a
strong desire to prevent collisions between the
company's servants and the American settlers.
The lands are becoming more and more valuable,
and it will not be in the power of the officers in
charge, nor of any other force, to prevent de-
struction of property and loss of life. In the mean-
time, the settler is without confidence in his title;
the improvements of the country are retarded, its
prosperity impeded; a belligerent and hostile feel-
ing created, and a public display of settled hatred
manifested. These officers are men, and they
cannot be blamed for being influenced by the pas-
sions common to man. They feel that Britain has
solemnly guarantied, by treaty with our Govern-
ment, some rights to them; that their rights,
whatever they be, shall be respected; and this
company, like the Puget's Sound Agricultural
Company, has its influence over the Indians and
half-breeds. Suppose that some of the members
of this House should go there, and use the lan-
guage we have heard here to-night, the Hudson's
Bay Company would be driven out in twenty-
four hours, and they would go north into the"
Cuba of the great. Mediterranean of the Pacific—
to Vancouver's Island—and they would have it in
their power to call for an indemnity, through the
home Government, wljich would sound something
like the millions we have heard of this session.
The destruction would not stop at Vancouver.
I have been there a long time; I know the spirit
of some who were there; and I say here in your
presence, that the present state of things cannot
continue long. Is it desirable? Is it necessary?
Is it called for? By what principle of justice can
you desire that these large tracts of land in the
very heart and core of the Territory should be
possessed and controlled by foreigners who reside
six thousand miles from their possessions, and
who owe allegiance to a foreign nation where they
reside, and who never intend to becom^tmeri-
cans? Suffer me most solemnly to inquire of ytiu
individually, why you will not yield to the judg-
ment of the Senate ? This bill has had the sanction
of the Departments. This present Administration,
by and through the proper Departments, recom-
mend the passage of this bill. If you are dissatisfied
with the bill in its present form, why not amend
it? Why not permit a commission to issue?
Choose some good man; if you are not satisfied
with Governor Stevens's report, authorize another.
Was this case transferred to some other society,
I asli if there would not be a change in the senti-
ments of some of us? 3 '.rpose such claims were
held by non-residents unuer the same circum-
stances in Texas, or ,n New Mexico, or Califor-
nia, or Ohio, New York, or the District of Co-
lumbia, would you hesitate about the propriety of
sending out a commissioner? Let the millions
which have been appropriated answer this ques-
tion. Turn over the record; begin atTexas; pass
through Mexico with her treaty stipulations, and
then through California; and then look at the rec-
ord—for the record wilt live when we are dead—
and compare the demand of Washington, with her
reasons, with the record, and then vote; and, as
honest men, I shall have no fears for the result.
The day will come when you will feel pftwd of
your possessions on the Pacific. Looking as they
do, on China and Japan; rich as they are in min-
erals, and all that is desirable to make a nation
great, powerful, rich, and respected. The day is
not far distant.
Mr. STUART, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was then taken upon the one hun-
dred and eightieth and one hundred and eighty-
first amendments, and they were non-concurred
in. #
One hundred and eighty-second amendment:
Pec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States be authorized and directed to appoint
two persons to investigate and collect proof, under the in-
structions of the Department of the Interior, on the depre-
dations upon private property by the Indians in Florida,
subsequent to the £5th December, 1835, the report and tes-
timony to be submitted to Congress at its next session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
Mr. MAXWELL. I have an amendment to
offer to that amendment, i move that three com-
missioners be appointed instead of two.
I should not have said one word in reference to
this amendment, but for the great importance I
attach to it. It is well known to many of the
members of this House, that claims have been
constantly coming before Congress from the State
of Florida, for indemnity for Indian depredations,
committed during the Seminole war. These
claims are constantly occupying the time of this
House, and the object of this amendment is to
facilitate the investigation of these cases, against
which there has been her^ofore a prejudice, 1
may say, an improper prejudice, created in this
House. Sir, the reason why these claims coming
from the State of Florida have created such a feel-
ing in opposition to them is, because, from the
circumstances in connection with them, they have
run up to a very large amount; and, without ref-
erence to their justice or propriety, they are re-
jected in this House. As i have said, the simple
and sole object of this Senate amendment is to fa-
cilitate the investigation of these claims. I trust
the amendment will be concurred in by athe
House.
Mr. HAVEN". I desire to say five words in
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Florida. The Committee of Ways and
Means were opposed to constituting an itinerant
board of commissioners to proceed to Florida
for the purpose of hunting up claims to be pre-
sented to Congress. 1 recollect some years ago,
a Senator from Florida remarked that he had pre-
sented claims for horses so often that he had be-
come tired of it, and should in future go for hogs.
[Laughter ] I hope the committee will not agree
to support this commission, and that we shall come
to a vote upon the proposition without further de-
bate.
Mr. Maxwell's amendment was not agreed to.
The Senate amendment was then non-concurred
in'
One hundred and eighty-third amendment:
Sec. —. 0nd be it further enacted, That the seventh sec-
tion of the act of January i 8,1837, entitled <( An act supple-
mentary to the act entitled ( An act establishing a Mint, and
regulating th<- coins of the United States,' " be so nmmded
as to extend the limit for Ujp annual salary of clerks in the
Mint of the United States to $1,800 each, from and after the
1st or" July, 1854, at the discretion of the officers authorized
by law to appoint, with the approbation of the President of
the United States, including also one clerk in the office of
the as-istant treasurer at Philadelphia, and that the salary
of tilt- chief clerk of the branch Mint at Nevv Orleans shall '
be §2,200 from and after the 1st of July, 1854. j
Mr. PHELPS. I do not rise to move an amend-I
ment, but merely to call the attention of the com-j
mittee to the message which was sent from the !
Senate this morning, stating that the Secretary had '
made some mistakes in the amendments adopted
by that body, as communicated to us. One of the '
mistakes is in the section now under considera-
tion. After the words "Mint of the United
States," where they first occur, should be in-
serted "and branch Mint at New Orleans." Ii
would ask the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee to consider the words as part of the amend-1
ment. The Committee of Ways and Means rec- j
ommend a non-concurrence in the amendment. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
that the correction cornea in property, and I object
to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not rise to argue
the question. You have given the clerks of the
Sub-Treasury at New York §2,200 per annum,
and this amendment only gives the clerks of the
Sub-Treasury at Philadelphia, and the clerks con-
nected with the United States Mint there, a salary
each of $1,800 per annum. We do not ask that
they shall have $2,200 per annum, but only #1,800,
and I hope that the amendment may be concurred
in.
Mr. DAWSON. I concur in every word that
my colleague has said. These clerks deserve a
salary of $1,800 per annum, and I hope the Sen-
ate's amendment will meet with the committee's
{"•fiYipnrrpnpp
Mr. CHANDLER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson
and Rows were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in, the tellers having reported—
ayes 81, noes 48.
One hundred and eighty-fourth amendment:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the second iec-
tion of the act of July 3, 1852, entitled " An act to establish
a branch of the Mint of the United States in California," be
90 amended as to allow to the clerks authorized to be em-
ployed therein three thousand dollars per annum each, to
take effect from and after the 1st day of July, 1854. And
such additional sums as, together with those elsewhere pro-
vided in this act, will equal the respective salaries author-
ized by this and Uie preceding section of this act, are hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated for the payment thereof.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-fifth amendment:
Sec.—. And be it further enact edt That all appointments
of clerks and assistants authorized to be employed in the
offices of the assistant treasurers of the United States, and
in the offices of the Mint and branches thereof, and the as-
say office in New York, shall respectively be made, with
the approbation of the President, by the assistant treasurer,
director, superintendent, and treasurers of the Mint and
said branches, and assay office, as the case may be, whose
bonds are held at the Treasury Department in trust for the
proper and faithful performance of their respective dudes-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-sixth amendment:
Sec. — And be it further en.acferf,That the district judges
for the State of California, while in the discharge of the
duties imposed by the act of the 3d of March, 1851, enti-
tled " An act to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the State of California," be allowed at the rate of $22,000
per annum each, in addition to their salaries as district
judges for the State of California, which shall be In full for
their services.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to increase the com-
pensation one dollar.
The compensation intended in this amendment
is for services which were rendered by these offi-
cers while they were not in the line of their reg-
ular and ordinary duties. So far as the settlement
of th?se claims by the judges of the district courts
is concerned, their duties are increased. Their
duties are different from those performed by other
judges in other district courts throughout the
union. As far as the principle itself is concerned,
I may be permitted to state what has been the
uniform custom whenever commissioners have been
appointed for the purpose of settling elaims; and
when the cases have gone to the district courts,
the judges of those courts have had compensation
different from that provided for by the act regu*
lating their salary.
Mr. WHEELER. Will the gentleman from
California tell us what the salaries of these
judges are now?
Mr. LATHAM. I will in a moment. In the
States of Arkansas, Missouri, Louisiana, Flor-
ida, Mississippi, and Alabama, commissioners
have been appointed for the purpose of adjudica-
ting similar land titles. And whenever the right
to appeal to the district courts was given, increased
compensation has been allowed to the judges of
such courts. In the State of Missouri, the addi-
tional compensation given was $800 per annum.
In the Stale of Alabama, if I recollect right, or
have been informed right, $1,500 per annum was
given to these judges; and that increased compen-
