2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
sation was continued so long as that district courts
were employed in adjudicating these claim's.f
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh ! it was a smaller amount
than that.
Mr. LATHAM. The gentleman from Ala-
bama says that the sum allowed to the district
judges in his State was smaller than that I have
mentioned. Whatever the amount was I cannot
correctly state, but it is sufficient for my purpose
to state that an additional salary was given to
them over and above their regular compensation.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
asks me what the salaries of these judges are. I
will tell him. The salary of the district judge of
the northern district is $3,500 per annum; that
of the judge for the southern district is $2,8U0.
These salaries are inadequate to the duties and re-
sponsibilities of their office. The district court of
San Francisco is in session nine continuous months
in the year. Now, then, this law which author-
izes the taking of an appeal from the decision of
these land commissioners to the district courts im-
poses an additional labor upon the judges, com-
pelling them to hold their courts from the 1st of
January to the 31st of December. The State of
California pays to the judges of her suprame court
$10,000 a year. She pays to her district judges j
$7,000 a year. And every gentleman present i
who knows anything connected with that State—
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] knows j
it full well—knows that it is absolutely impossible
for the judges of the district courts to save any
part of their salary. It is as much as they can
do, if they can do it at all, to live comfortably on
$3,500 a year. The judge of the district court of
the northern district of California, a gentleman of
great ability, has told me that his salary was not
sufficient compensation for him; and he told me
that he was excluded by the duties of his office
from embarking capital in any of the commercial
enterprises of the day.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to theamend-
ment, and I will not occupy five minutes in saymg
all that I have to say in opposition to it. If]
am not mistaken, the gentleman from California
-is very much mistaken in regard to the salaries of
judges in his State. One of them receives $5,000.
Mr. LATHAM. The salary of the judge of
the northern district of California was originally
$5,000,and he discharged the duties of both dis-
tricts. But when a judge was appointed for the
^ southern district, the salary of the judge of the
northern district reverted to #3,500 per annum.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will bear me out in that statement. The
salary of the judge of the southern district was
$2,800.
Mr. LETCHER. It is manifest, taking the
mutter to be as the gentleman from California
fHates, that the judge of the northern district of
California is now getting a salary equal to that of
a judge in the district of New York, and as high
as the salary received by any judge m any State
on this side of our country. Now, what is pro-
posed to be done by this amendment? it is pro-
posed to almost double that salary, by the addi- !
tion of $2,000 to it, while the salary of the other ■
judge in proposed to be increased in the same ratio. |
Is this fair, when the judge in my district gets 1
only $1,600, and is obliged to travel one thousand
one hundred miles a year, at his own cost and
charges, and at all seasons of the year* His
travel costs him $400, and he then has $1,200 left
as his compensation. Is it justice, when such a
state of things exists here, to augment the salaries
of the judges in California to almost double the
present amount? Our judges are compelled to
perform as much labor, and receive only one third
of the compensation given to the judges in Cali-
fornia.
The question was then taken on Mr. Latham's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to increase the
appropriation two dollars, I wish to say one
word in reference to this matter. The judge of
the northern district of California receives $3,500
per annum, and I am told by the gentleman from
Virginia that the judge in his district gets only
$1,600 per annum. I tell the gentleman from Vir-
ginia that $1,000 in his district is worth more than
$5,000 in the northern district of California, it j
is more valuable to the judge, and will go further. '
Now,I wish to state one fact. The judges of!
California to settle the land contests of thatlstate i,
receive a compensation of $8,000 per annum.
Upon what basis was that compensation placed ?
Upon the California basis of compensation for
services there. And the $8,000 paid to the land
commissioners is less than we pay our own State
judges. We pay to our supreme judge $10,000 a
year. We pay to our district judges $6,000 per
annum. Now, what is asked here of the United
States? These judges discharge not merely the
duties of the judges of a Federal tribunal; they
determine not merely duties belonging to a district
proper, but they determine matters belonging to
both a district court and a circuit court. And to
this same court are carried, by appeal, all the land
contests of that State; and 1 undertake to say that
whoever undertakes to disckwjge the duties of this
office in California, is a slavw* He is compelled to
perform services both day and n'ght, for month
after month. He performs duties, as judge, not
only during the spring and fall terms, but for the
whole twelve months of the year. And I say that
if you pay this additional compensation of $2,000
per annum, you pay only a just and fair compen-
sation for the service he renders.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia said the judges of California received only
$3,500 and $2,800 per annum. Sir, here is the
official register, which puts it down at $5,000.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That was formerly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say to the gentleman
from New York, that after the appointment of
judges for the southern district of California, one
was discontinued temporarily, and the remaining
judge received $5,000; but since that arrangement
has been dispensed with, the judges have returned
to the old rates of compensation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I simply ask that this
amendment shall be fairly considered.
Mr. BRIDGES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, but not to discuss it. I ask for a vote.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will withdraw my
amendment, if there be no objection.
Mr. WALSH". I object.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose the fol-
lowing amendment:
After the wont " eaeh," in the twenty-five hundredth
line, insert the words "lor iliree years;" so that it wilt
read:
He allowed at the rate of $9,000 per annum each for
three ye.us, in addition to their salaiics as district judges
lor tlu- Slate of California, which shall be in lull ioi iheir
nervines.
Mr. Chairman, the committee will perceive
that the object of this amendment is to make pro-
vision that this additional compensation shall not
be given to these judges for life, or for a very
long term of years. The object of this compensa-
tion, if we allow it at all, is to remunerate them
for piesent labor in revising the work of these
land commissioners. I have proposed to make it
continue for a specific period, for the time for
which any great amount of labor will be required.
The committee will perceive that if it is allowed to
run as long as there is any of this business to
do, it may linger along foryears, while thegreater
part of the labor may be performed in two or
three years.
Mr. WALSH. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote upon it.
Vj^lr. Smith's amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment. *
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move to
amend the amendmentof the Senate, by providing
that this additional compensation shall not con-
tinue for moie than five years. I understand this
will meet the views of the member from California,
and 1 trust it will be adopted. I hope gentlemen
will reflect before they refuse to place the Federal
judges of California at least on a par with other
Federal officers in that State. Is it wise, in a
State like California, so remote from the central
authority, and where judges are exposed to influ-
ences which do not operate in other portions of
the country, to place them on salaries less than
they can make in almost any other employment?
If the State has found it necessary to pay salaries
of $6,000 or $8,000, to obtain the proper talent for
a State judiciary, do the United States want judi-
cial officers who are less qualified ?
But, sir, in making these remarks, 1 confess I
am influenced by feelings that may not operate
upon other members of the committee. I know
the gentleman who fills the office of judge in
North California. He has passed through the
early settlement of the country unquestioned in
the purity of his character. We have been told
by the member from California, [Mr. Latham,]
that though restricted in his means, he has scru-
pulously refrained from engaging in speculations
which have made the fortunes of others, lest it
should reflect upon his administration of justice.
This shows him to be theman for his position, afld
in a country where the force of law depends so
much upon the character of^hejudge, it is policy
to seek to retain him.
Mr. WALSH. Who is he?
Mr. PERKINS. He comes from the gentle-
man's own State. If at the bar, he could make
ten times the amount he now receives, and i do
not think it just to impose upon him additional
duties without additional compensation.
Mr. WALSH. It is very singular that the
gentleman should have an indisposition to name
so extraordinary a man.
[Cries of " Ciuestion !" " Question !"]
The question was taken; and Mr. Perkins's
amendment was rejected.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-seventh amendment:
Sec.—. Jind he xt further enacted, That so much of
the act passed 26th February, 1853, being <(Ait act to
regulate the lees and costs to bp allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of the United
Slates, and for other purposes, as fixes the compensation
lo be allowed for expenses while employed in endeavoring
to arrest under process any person charged with or con-
victed of a crime, the sum actually expended, not to exceed
two dollar per day in addition to his compensation for ser-
vice and travel," <;o as to read "for expenses while em-
ployed in endeavoring to arrest under process any person
ehaiged with or convicted of" a crime, the actual necessary
expenses in addition to his compensation for service and
travel."
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment. 1 thought when the bill passed at the last
session that it was a bad one; this amendment
makes it worse.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-eighth amendment:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall become necessary for the head ot any Department or
office to employ special agent?, other than officer ot the
Army or Navy, who maj he charged with the disburse-
ment of puhhc money?, they shall', prior to entering upon
duty as such, give bond in such form and with such ?e-
cutityas the head of the Department or office employing
said agent may approve.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. To make this
amendment conform in spirit to a clause which
was adopted by a very large majority during the
day, I move to strike out the words other than
officers of the Army or Navy."
The question was taken j and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
One hundred and eighty-ninth amendment:
Amend the title of the bill by adding the words "and
for ottier purposes."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that 'he
committee do now rise and report the amendments
to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. In looking over the amend-
ments, I see in several of them the word tf &c."
occurring, and I now ask the unanimous consent
to peWiitted to strike it out wheiever it occurs.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama?
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say one word before
the committee rises. The Senate have sent us a
paper indicating that they desired to amend the
last section of the bill by striking out these words;
"And further, that aW appropriations which are herein
made, or may be hereafter made, lor repairs or improve-
ments of the public buildings, grounds, and streets within
the District of Columbia, and now under the charge of the
Commissioner of Public Building*, and Grounds, shall be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and that all laws, or parts of laws, inconsistent with
this section shall be, and the same are hereby, repealed."
I wish to treat the Senate with all respect, and
propose that the amendment be considered as be-
fore us. It is an amendment which ought not to
be made, and I hope that it may be non-concurred
in.
Mr. HOUSTON. The words proposed to be
