602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
informing the House that the Senate had passed a
bill entitled " An act for the relief of the pur-
chasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands," in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the Hous ; and then he withdrew.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood,]
that he will have an opportunity to offer his amend-
ment when the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama again comes up. The question now is
upon the motion proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. READY. 1 would suggest to my colleague
[Mr. Jones] that he will not effect the object
which he has in view by the amendment he has
proposed. I approve the principle at which he
is aiming. If ne had proposed to insert the
words " twenty-one years," instead of u eigh-
teen," I should have given him my hearty support.
The reason why I think twenty-one is a more suit-
able age than eighteen, is found in part in a sub-
sequent provision of this bill. It is provided, that
those who propose to avail themselves of the ben-
efit of this homestead privilege shall not be per-
mitted to do so unless they can prove that they
continuously reside upon their one hundred and
sixty acres of land for five years. If you extend
the provision to minors, will you not be engaged
in a useless work ? Minors are under the control
of their parents; and, indeed, they may be said
to be servants. Parents have the right to command
the time and services of their children until they
have arrived at their majority. Some gentlemen
here say thatit is notalways so. Perhaps that may
be true,but the cases are always rare; and unless
the individual whom you propose to benefit by this
law is entitled to the control of his own time and
his actions, I think that there would be no use in
declaring that he should be so entitled. I think, j
perhaps, that it would be endangering the bill to j
insert a useless provision of this kind; but if you 1
provide that the head of a family, who is of the i
age of twenty-one years, shall have the right to j
make an entry upon the public land, provided that j
he will settle upon it and continue to reside upon |
it for live years, you then insert a provision which ,
can be carried out, and the object of my colleague j
may be attained. I
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's 1
amendment, and it was not agreed to. !
Mr. YATES. I now propose the following !
amendment: To strike out the words in the third '
line, " or who is the head of a family." 1
Mr. Chairman, the short time allowed by the 1
rules of the House will not allow me to enter into i
the discussion of the merits of this bill. I am j
glad, however, that there is time enough for me i
to say that it meets with my full approbation. !
Two years ago, when the bill was pending before !
Congress, I had the good fortune to express my '•
views at some length in its favor, and since that I
time 1 have had no reason to change my opinions. '
In fact, more mature reflection, and the inter- '
change of views with my constituents, have served
to confirm me in my convictions, and I am now
satisfied that the proposed measure ought at once
to be adopted by Congress.
The friends of the homestead bill in the last
Congress labored hard for its passage; and so con-
vincing were the arguments in its favor, that on
the 12th day of May, 1852, it passed the House
of Representatives by a vote of more than two to
one. It went to the Senate, and from the oppo-
sition or indifference of that body, or for the want
of time, it failed to pass. The passage of the bill
through the House met the sanction of the coun-
try. It has been indorsed and commended to
Congress by various State Legislatures. 1 well
recollect, sir—and it is a pleasant recollection—that
upon my return home at the close of the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, I was taken by the
hand by many a laboring man and greeted with
warm benedictions because of the very humble
part I had taken in favor of the measure. And
when I told them, what I then believed, that it
failed in the Senate for want of time, but that I
had no doubt it would pass that body at its short
session, they were inspired with new hope. The
mere prospect of its passage gladdened the heart
and brightened the eye of many a poor and home-
less man, who had been led to look anxiously for
a home on the public domain, and who could not
understand why the Government should, with the
grasp of the miser, hold on to her lands unoccu-
pied and unimproved, while he had no home on
earth, but had a willing heart and hand to bring
them into settlement and cultivation.
But the action of the Senate only brought re-
newed disappointment. The visions of a home,
with all its sweet and hallowed associations of fire-
side, wife, children, and friends, vanished before
the opposition or inaction of the Senate. But these
hopes are now again revived, and 1 trust they will
not be again disappointed. At all events, we can
do our duty, ana leave the responsibility of its
defeat, if it is to be defeated, where it properly
belongs.
It would be easy to show that the General Gov-
ernment would profit greatly by these grants to
the actual settler; that it would greatly increase
the value of the remaining unoccupied lands, and
augment, to a great extent, the aggregate of na-
tional production and prosperity. It would be
easy to show that it would promote immigration
to the land States, and insure their settlement and
improvement; and thatit would establish in com-
fortable homes, and elevate in character, a large
portion of our laboring classes, who now gain a
scanty livelihood by the hard earnings of daily
toil, or who, as mere tenants of the soil, hopelessly
struggle against adverse fortune without the pros-
pect of bettering their condition. But there is not
time to take up these points. The small quantity
of the public lands to be taken would not be
missed by the Government. It is not to be sup-
posed that more than half a million of pers'ons
would avail themselves of the provisions of this
bill. And what would a half million, out of the
ten million quarter sections of land, be to the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. Chairman, that we may form some idea of
the vast domain upon which American agriculture
is to achieve its triumphs, I remark, that since the 1
year 1802, thirteen new States (Ohio being the j
first and California the last) have been admitted ;
into the Union, embracing an area of five hundred ;
and six million acres of land. That vast coun- !
try stretching from the northern lakes and the
Mississippi river to the borders of California and i
the Pacific ocean, embraces an additional area of ,
eleven hundred and ten million acres. There were I
of unsold and unappropriated, offered and unoffered
lands, up to June 30, 1853, in the thirteen States |
and Territories, over thirteen hundred and sixty
million acres apportioned in the said States and
Territories, as designated m the following table:
States and Territories. Jlrea of %8cre$.
Ohio  244,196.08
Indiana    247,339 41
Illinois  4,115,069.97
Missouri  29,72-2,801.41
Alabama  10,049,693.70
Mississippi  9,083,655.94
Louisiana    9,131,143.81
Michigan  16,14*2,293 48
Arkansas  15,725,388 *3
Florida  20,26*2,67-1.59
Iowa  22,773,175 57
Wisconsin  23,678,480 19
California  113,6*2,436 00
Minnesota Territory  85,225,601 11
Oregon "    206,349,333.00
New Mexico "   127,3^3.040.00
Utah "   113,580,013 00
Nottliwost "   338.384,000.00
Nebraska "   87,48?,000.00
Indian "   119,789,410.00
Total 1,360,070,681.89
Thus we see how mighty is the course on which
is to be run the great race of American labor.
Our public domain stretches far into the West, :
over mighty forests and prairies, crossing mount-1
ains and rivers, on to the Pacific ocean. Here,
sir, is a domain boundless, and exhaustless for !
generations to come, to be applied to the great pur- ;
poses of national advancement, internal improve- i
ment, and education, and to be the homes of our J
spreading millions of American freemen. Thank
Godl here is room for every son of toil. We can
say to every poor laboring man, Here is room."
And I hope the day is now at hand, when these
public lands shall be opened for occupation in lim-
ited quantities to the actual settler, and when every
homeless and houseless American citizen, and
every poor wanderer from foreign oppression,may
find upon this broad domain a home for himself
and his posterity forever.
I am no agrarian, sir. I can well see why ab-
solute fee-simple title in the soil is not only right,
but necessary to insure permanent improvements,
such as houses, farms, &c., essential to the com-
fort of families and the prosperity of the State.
But I also believe that no law or conventional
usage, nothing, except a man's own want of ener-
gy or his worthlessness, should exclude him from
a sufficiency of the earth to be tilled for the sub-
sistence of himself and family. Shall he breathe
the free air of Heaven, drink the pure water so
bountifully provided, and enjoy the light of God's
glorious sun, without money and without price,
and yet, of all the untold million acres of this
green earth, not have a spot for the labor of his
hands and the home of his heart?
The measure is not agrarian. It does not take
your property and give it to me. It gives to each
person a portion of bis own interest, or share in
this great heritage held by the Government in trust
for all. And if these lands were divided among
the people, the share of each would be far more
than that which is allowed by this bill. I repeat,
it is notagrarian. It does not pull down, it builds
up. It degrades no one, it elevates all. It does
not bring down the high, but it raises the low. It'
does notmaketherich poor, butit makesthepoor
richer, morecomfortable, and more happy. Its ob-
ject is to shed life, and light, and happiness, to plant
in the wilderness new Commonwealths, the church,
the school-house, and the free-hold home, and to
push forward the car of civilization and Christian-
ity. The effect of the bill will be not only to aug-
ment the aggregate of national agricultural pro-
duction, but also to increase to a vast extent the
amount of consumption, affording to manufacturers
and mechanics, to commerce and navigation, new
fields for profit and employment. It will make of
those now helplessly poor and oppressed, inde-
pendent free-holders, having an interest in the soil
and in the Government, and doubly patriotic and
attached to their country, because of the generous
interest and care evinced by that Government in
providing homes for them and their families.
How shall the Government more effectually ad-
vance its own welfare or add to its strength ? Ifr is
among the tillers of the soil where we most genr
erally find the men of strong arms and brave hearts,
and those virtues of honesty, frugality, and firm-
ness, and patriotism,which must ever constitute the
tenduring and imperishable bulwarks of national
strength and nationa. security.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
to accept this modification of his amendment:
Strike out, in the third line of the section, the
words "head of a family," and insert utwenty-
one years of age." It will then read, "who is
twenty-one years of age, and a citizen of the United
States," &c.
Mr. YATES. I will accept the modification
proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. DENT. I would inquire of the gentleman
from Tennessee, if, when he says "any person,"
he means female ass well as male?
Mr. JONES. I suppose that is what it means.
The question was put upon the adoption of the
amendment; and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 60, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
upon the adoption of the amendment.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. JONES. 1 must ask that the amendment
may be once again reported to the committee.
It was again reported.
Messrs. Bocock, and Lane of Indiana, were
appointed tellers.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is the amendment amend-
able ?
The CHAIRMAN, It is in order to move to
amend it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to insert the words
" any male citizen over twenty-one years of age.99
[Cries of <( Oh, no."]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, I hope the gentle-
man will make it females instead of males. These
bachelors ought not to be given land. [A laugh.]
Mr. McMULLIN. Several gentlemen around
me insist that I must withdraw my amendment,
and I will do so.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to offer an
amendment to the amendment. I understand that
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Yates,] as modified at the instance of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] would
make the clause read, " that any person who is
twenty-one years of age, and a citizen," &c.
Now, before the question is taken on that, I pro-
