1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
pose to amend it so as to make it read, " thatany
male person who is twenty-one years of age, and
any female person who is eighteen years of age,"
&c.
You are well aware, Mr. Chairman, although
probably the committee do not understand it, that
m the State which I have the honor, in part, to
represent, a young lady is, by law, of age at eigh-
teen years. The amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Tennessee, and accepted by the
gentleman from Illinois, seems to imply some in-
vidious distinction between the sexes.
I wish to avail myself of this opportunity to
say, with the indulgence of the committee, that
when a bill, similar to this, was up for considera-
tion at the last session of Congress, I felt it my
duty, for several reasons, to oppose it.
I was constrained to oppose it, although it
passed the House by a large majority, for the
reason that the person making application at a land
office for the benefits of the bill then under con-
sideration, was required to file his affidavit that he
was not the owner of any real estate, so that if an
industrious citizen of the country had accumulated
fifty or a hundred dollars 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. The time allowed for general debate on
the bill has terminated, and we are now acting
under the five-minutes rule, which requires that
gentlemen shall confine themselves to the amend-
ments under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so ruled.
Mr. JONES. The provision, about which the
gentleman is speaking, is not in this bill at all.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am aware of that fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am only referring, by way
of showing my reasons for at present sustaining
this bill. I shall endeavor to confine myself within
the rules. I have the bill before me, proposed by
an honorable gentleman who represented the State
of Tennessee, in part, at the last Congress, and
who now fills the gubernatorial chair of that State.
I shall not call the attention of the committee to
what I do not deem important. I invite attention
to the following:
"Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the person ap-
plying for the benefit of this act shall, upon the application
to the register of the land office, in which he or sihe is
about to make such entry, make affidavit before the said
register, that he or she is the head of a family, and is not
the owner of any estate in land at the time of such appli-
cation, and has not disposed of any estate in land to obtain
the benefits of this act; and upon making the affidavit as
above required, and filing the atfidavit with the register,
he or she shall thereupon be permitted to enter the quantity
of land already specified."— Congressional Crlobe,vol. 24,
part 2, page 1349.
Now, as I suggested, that was one of the reasons
why I felt myself constrained to vote against that
bill at the last session. Many of my constituents,
Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is sorry to have
to inform the gentleman that he must confine his
remarks to the amendment under consideration.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will presently show the ap-
plication of my remarks to the amendment.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman is perfectly in
order to pursue that line of argument which leads
to the conclusion that he is pressing on the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it is
not in order for the gentleman to give reasons why
he voted against the bill at the last session on a
motion to insert females with males. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I will show the reasons why
I shall now vote for the bill, if it be properly
framed. If the amendment which I propose be
adopted, it will be one reason why I shall vote for
the bill. If I can get an amendment in this bill
which will give the young men of the country of
twenty-one, and such of the young ladies at
eighteen, equal benefits under it with other citizens
of the United States, it shall have my hearty sup-
port. Is that pertinent to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. Now, sir, I am in favor of
making liberal grants to the States for railroad
purposes, if you please, in alternate sections, as
is proposed by the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, [Mr. Disney.] On a reexam-
ination of this bill, especially that framed by my
friend before me, [Mr. Dawson,] which avoids
many of the improprieties and inconsistencies of
the bill of the last Congress, I am constrained to
believe that it is only a portion of the same policy,
which I have invariably advocated, of granting
land in alternate sections for railroad purposes,
to the States of the Union. I think that I am only
enlarging it when I grant to each of ihe individual
settlers of the country the same alternate quarters
of sections.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should like to know
whether the amendment is susceptible of division.
There is one portion of it which I am unwilling
to vote for. There is another which I can sup-
port. I can very cheerfully vote for that portion
of the amendment which proposes to give the land
to the young lady of eighteen, and the young gen-
tleman of twenty-one. If he is not married, it is
his fault. If it is not his fault, he is not entitled
to any land.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How many un-
married men did you command in Mexico?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not mean to say
anything personal to the gentleman. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I do not expect anything under
the bill. I waive all right.
Mr. DENT. Is an amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, there being an
amendment to an amendment now pending.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN.' The question now recurs
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment by inserting after the word
" any" the words " free white," so that it shall
read, " that any free white person who is the head
of a family," &c.
I am, Mr. Chairman, a friend of this bill gen-
erally, and can also cheerfully support the deteils
of this bill, and I hope that the chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture [Mr. Dawson] will
throw no obstacle in the way of the amendment
which I propose.
Mr. DAWSON, (interrupting.) I suggest to
my colleague that his amendment is surplusage.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not know in regard to
that. I know that some States 
Mr. DAWSON. My friend from Pennsylva-
nia is a very good lawyer, and he knows very well
that the supreme court of Pennsylvania have de-
cided that the term "citizen" means "white
men."
Mr. WRIGHT. I will state, for the benefit of
my colleague, that the case known as Hobbs vs.
Pogg, decided by the supreme court of Penn-
sylvania, previous to the adoption of our amended
constitution, decided that a negro there was not
a citizen. I argued that case in the court below,
and also argued it, on appeal, in the court above,
and I know that such was the decision in Penn-
sylvania.
But the convention which met for the purpose
of amending our constitution, incorporated the
words " free white" in the constitution of the
State, and those words are now in that instru-
ment.
I am informed, also, that other States have de-
cided that negroes are not citizens. I do not think
that the question should be left as an open ques-
tion here. I prefer that this House should put its
own construction upon it, and that will settle the
matter, leaving no ground for quibbling or dif-
ficulty hereafter. I do not think I can give my
support to this bill, unless this amendment is in-
corporated into the bill. I have no prejudice in
regard to color. [Laughter.]
My remarks seem to create some amusement,
and I will ask the indulgence of the committee to
state what I mean. I mean that I am not the en-
emy of the negro, but I love the white man more.
That is what I mean by not having any prejudice
in regard to color.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inter-
rupt the gentleman, and inquire whether he pro-
poses his amendment to come in in the third line,
before the word "person?"
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the word person.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then tules that
the amendment is not in order at this time; for
that is not a portion of the words proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. "WRIGHT. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment for the present, and will move it again after
that matter is disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
| the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
I Illinois.
j Mr. BARRY. I move to amend the amend-
! ment of the gentleman from Illinois, by inserting
1 m the third line, after the word " family," the
words " or who has arrived at the age of twenty-
one years." If the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois be adopted, no man who is less than
twenty-one years of age will be entitled to the ben-
efits of the act, even though he be the head of a
family. The purpose of the bill is to give homes
to the homeless—to all such as may be willing to
take possession of the soil, and retain it. The lan-
guage employed should be as broad as the pur-
poses of the bill. No person who comes within
the avowed purposes of the bill should be denied
its benefits. The man who, by the laws of his
country, is allowed to contract marriage, even
though laboring under the disabilities of minority
in respect to some other civil rights, is not with-
out the pale of the advantages of this bill. The
younger he is, and the less competent to provide
for himself, the stronger is his claim to protection
from the law.
Nor is there reason to limit the extension of
this act to males only. If a female desires to pos-
sess a home, and is willing to conform to the re-
quirements of the law, there is no reason why she
should be an alien to the justice or the charity of
her country. If she is unfettered by marriage
ties she has the same natural right to be provided
a home from the public domain that the unmar-
ried man of the same age has. And if she is a
widow, though under the age of twenty-one, the
reason is still stronger in her favor. Yet the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois would
deny to all heads of families, however great their
necessities, the benefits of this act who chance to
be less than twenty-one years of age—thus visit-
ing the fault of early marriages with the penalty
of a temporary exclusion from a free share of the
public domain. My amendment will make this
clause of the section read thus: " Thatany person
who is the head of a family, or who has arrived
at the age of twenty-one years, and a citizen of
the United States," &c. The amendment will
accomplish both objects which gentlemen desire.
It not only extends the benefits of the act to all
unmarrried citizens of the age of twenty-one years,
but also to those heads of families, male or female,
who are under twenty-one years of age. Thus
will be included all who are heads of families, and
whom the law recognizes as of an age to act and
contract for themselves.
Mr. YATES. I will accept the amendment.
Mr. BARRY. I would suggest, in order to
make the sentence grammatical, a mere verbal
amendment, that the word "years" be inserted
after the word " and," in the third line.
The CHAIRMAN. If no objection is made,
the word " years" will be inserted in the place in-
dicated by the gentleman, as it is a mere verbal
amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I propose to amend the
amendment, so as to provide that those persons
who are not heads of families shall have eighty
acres of land.
\ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
i the gentleman from A rkansas that that subject is not
embraced in the amendment proposed by the gen -
, tleman from Illinois. It is another part of the bill,
not now under consideration. When the amend-
ment now under consideration is voted upon, then
i the amendment which the gentleman desires to
offer will be in order. The question now is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illi-
[ nois, [Mr. Yates,] upon which tellers were or-
dered. The tellers will again resume their places.
The tellers then resumed their places, and the
question being taken, they reported-—ayes 80, a
further count not being demanded.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, ofPennsylvania. Inowrenew
!' my amendment, to insert before the word "per-
sons," the words "free white," so that it will read
: "any free white person."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want to say a word to
the chairman of the committee, [Mr Dawson,]
who seems to think this amendment would be
1 simply a matter of surplusage, because, whenever
' the location came to be made, it would involve the
i question of citizenship. Now, sir, there has been
! a great diversity of opinion upon this matter of
I citizenship. I understand, from my friend from
