1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
I. G. McKinley, assistants. The principal reporter received
$100 per week as a compensation for his services, and the
assistants $30 per week; and $5 per column of2,000 words
were paid for writing out all matter not written out at the
adjournment of the convention; whicft, according to the
best of my recollection, was about one half of the debates,
as the convention frequently sat mornings, afternoons, and
evenings, and it was impossible, to keep the work up.
"The price paid to journeymen printers, at the time of the
printing of the debates, was seven dollars per week in Har-
risburg, or twenty-two and a half cents per thousand ems.
I am told they generally worked by the week.
*{ I am informed, at the Auditor General's Office, that no
part of the $69,668 90 was paid for distributing the debates,
that being paid for printing and binding alone; but you will
bear in mind that the cost of printing payer is included.
" Hoping this information may prove satisfactory to you,
I remain yours, truly, ISAAC G. McKINLEY.
"John C. Rives, Esq., Washington, D. O.
t( Office of the Secretary of State, \
u Annafoli^ April 12, 1854. ^
u Sir; The Governor has placed in'my hands, for answer,
your favor of the 28th ultimo. It would have received ear
lier attention but for my absence from the seat of govern-
ment, and some delay occasioned by difficulty in procuring
part of the information a?.kedibr.
"The State paid to H. G. Wheeler, Esq., for reporting,
the sum of $2,805 80; and for indexing, the further sum of
$800.
" The cost of printing the reports was $2,892 20.
" Five hundred copies were printed for the State, asd 1 am
informed that each page contains about three thousand five
hundred 'em*.' I take leave, however, to suggest that a
copy of the reports may bef'ound in the Congressional Li-
brary, and that it might b<r well that you should examine
them.
" I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, NATHANIEL COX, Secretary of State.
"John C. Hives, Esq.
" Office of the Secretery of State, >
" Annapolis, April 17, 1854. j
" Sir : I am in the receipt of your favor of 15th instant. I
now have the honor to inform you that I have examined
the second volume of the reports referred to, and find it con-
tains eight hundred and ninety pages, [that is the number
of pages in the two volumes.] I make no charge in this
matter; it has given me pleasure to have it in my power to
oblipe you.
" Respectfully, your obedient servant,
"NATHANIEL COX, Secretary of State.
"John C. Hives, Esq."
"The debates of the last Congress made 5,454 royal
quarto pages, the pages averaging about 7,000 ems; there-
fore, the whole made about 38,178,000 ems. Congress paid
me $56,242 50 for reporting and printing the debates of the
two sessions in the Daily Globe; and then paid me $58,104
for priming 6,4oG copies of them in book form ; making
together $114,346 50; which "divided by the number of
copies printed in book form, shows that I was paid $17 71
a copy for reporting and printing them, both in the news-
paper and in book form.
"Tt will ho scon by Mr. McKmley's letter, copied above,
that $20,488 15 was paid tor reporting the debates in the
Fennsylvama convention; they made ten million five hun-
dred thousand ems; $69,668 90 for printing two thousand
five hundred copies in two languages and binding them, and
that the price paid there to compositors, when the debates
wen- printed, was s-eveu dollars a week, or twenty-two and
a half cents a thousand cms when they worked by the piece.
The price I pay here to compositors is twelve dollars a
week, or forty cents a thousand cms tor brevier, and forty
four cents a thousand cms for nonpareil type when they
work by the piece. All the compositors in my office work
fey the place,
" Now, to make a just comparison, 1 must deduct for the
binding of ihw Pennsylvania debate1;; for setting them up
in two languages; and for paper, as they were printed on
larger type than the debates of Congress are printed. I will
not allow myself anything for the difference between the
cost of setting up type there and here; which it will be
seen is near 100 per cent, f can afford to be liberal, and
will make liberal reductions:
I deduct for binding   $10,000 00
I deduct thirty three cents a thousand for setting
up the second edition   3,465 00
I deduct-for two thirds the paper it took to print
both edition"?, English and German, 760 reams,
at $4 8U a ream  3,648 00
$17,113 oo
"Deduct this sum from the sum paid for reporting and
printing and binding 2,500 eopien, $y(),177 05, and it leaver
§73,044 05, winch beiu  divided by 2,500, the number of
copies printed, and it show* that the Pennsylvania debates,
which make 10,500,000 e>m, cost $29 23 a copy. Report-
ing and priming the debates of Congre-s, which make
38,178,000 ems, cost only #17 71 a copy. At the rates paid
for the Pennsylvania debates, a copy of the Congressional
and Appendix would amount to $106 24, which is a little
more than six tunes as much as Congre&s pays me foi a
copy."
Here are facts which have been open for weeks
for investigation. If they are not true, let them
be investigated. There is no printer in this city
bat what Has his enemy. We all know that. 1
do not know that thereis-any individual who has
not an enemy; certainly there is no printer or
publisher of a paper who has not one. These
statements have been published, and all have
been invited to investigate them; and if all which
is contained in the statement is not correct, let
them prove that it is not. These things are not
light upon the man who sustains these publica-
tions, and who himself has refused to go round
and annoy you, Senators, in regard to nis busi-
ness. He has not been in the habit of stating his
private grievances, and asking for favors. He
places the facts before you as gentlemen who are
candid, fair, and disposed to deal with him on
terms which are best for the public interest.
Now, as to the debates in the Maryland con-
vention. When her convention met to frame her
constitution, Maryland also had her reporters.
She got them on the best terms she could.
"The debates in the Maryland convention were not
long; they are printed with the same kinds of type that the
Congressional Globe and Appendix are printed ; and there-
fore, the calculation to show the difference in price will
be short and simple. « They made 3,115,000 ems, which
were printed in 890 octavo pages. The reporting and
maJRng an index to them cost the State $3,61)5 80; and
printing 500 copies cost .$2,892 20, making together$6,498,
which being divided by 500, the number of copies printed,
shows that they cost the State $13 a copy. A copy of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, at this rate, would
amount to ,$159 33, which is nine times the sum Congress
pays me per copy."
These things are absolutely startling. That is
what was paid at our next door. Compare it
with the rates which we allow to our reporter.
The copies of which I speak consist of several
volumes. When I speak of a copy, 1 mean the
volumes for the whole Congress, the long and the
short session, containing the debates for the entire
Congress. It includes "the Congressional Globe
and Appendix also.
"If any other evidence is needed to prove that I am
printing the Congressional Globe and Appendix at ruinous
rates, it will be found in the following facts."
The Committee on Printing, before I was a
member of it, and which consisted of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] and the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] admitted that they
were satisfied he was losing, but they were not
satisfied with his statement as to^e terms which
should be agreed upon, and they therefore cut
down the amount, and proposed to take from him
forty-eight copies for each Senator—about twenty-
five hundred copies, instead of five thousand.
" Eight years ago, when I commenced printing the Con-
gresMonal Globe and Appendix at $6 a copy for a long ses-
sion and $3 for a short one—"
That is the rate at which he prints still—
—" tile Congressional Globe was little more than a synop-
sis."
It is easy to refer back to the Congressional
Globe, and there you will find that private bills
were never reported, nor the debates on them. Sir,
the value of these records is inestimable, even in
reference to the debates that take place upon pri-
vate bills, when they come up before this body.
Let me ask any gentleman, of the class to which
my honorable friend from Alabama belongs, the
economists of the strict school, just to reflect on
this subject. If you had had works of this kind
printed in the. days of the late war with Great
Britain, when claims werebroughtup, which have
been coming here ever since, through a period of
forty years, how much would have been saved ?
Such a work to report the facts as they were
known at the time 111 regard to private claims,
would have saved to the Treasury more than it
would have cost to print the debates from that
time to the present; because, if the debates had
been furnished in those days, when all the facts
were known, some which were necessary to the
proper understanding of the claim would have been
retained, and the subsequent Congresses might
have appealed to them; but the facts have been
I lost, while others which are brought forward for
the interest of the claimants, have been preserved.
But a few days ago the Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Badger] regretted that a speech deliv-
ered on a private claim in this body within a few
years, had not been reported, as he believed it
would have saved the Senate the trouble of rein-
vestigating that case. In the Globe all these cases
are faithfully put on record, and it will become a
valuable work for future reference.
"All the debates on private bills were left out of it alto-
gether; I had my own time to print them in, and made
something on them when I sold as many as nine thousand
: copies."
I A man can do work more profitably when he
! has his own time in which to do it. In those times,
if a report was published some days after the dis-
cussion, Senators were satisfied, but now, when a
gentleman delivers a speech of any length, he has
not concluded it before it is reported in part. As
he speaks it passes from this body. It is written
out m your post office, by men who are kept there
for that purpose, and horses kept standing outside
this Capitol, bear it to the press as the sheets are
produced,and not unfrequently, as we retire from
this Chamber, if we call in the printing office, we
find in type remarks which we have just made.
Such is the rapid and perfect style in which the
work is now done; such is the praiseworthy exer-
tion and happy success which have attended the
efforts of this one solitary agent of the Govern-
ment, in fulfilling his contract with us. I say
this one, because I have yet to hear of the first
contract that has been made by the Government
of the United States with any printer, which has
not been thesourceof some kind of confusion and
complaint; whereas, from this quarter, although
the expense of the execution of the contract has
been increased from day to day, and has entailed
a heavier cost upon him, no complaint has been
made. That is the way in which he has done his
work. Here is a faithful servant of the body,
employed under his contract, appealing to your
reason, and appealing to nothing else. He has
not begged privately for help that he might make
money. He has simply said, there is my con-
tract; it has not paid me, and is this tiie manner
in which the Government wishes its business
conducted, or shall I be compelled to go on at a
loss, and in the end be compelled to abandon it
altogether? If it were proposed to this body to
say whether or not we would adhere to this rate,
and lose the production of these reports in this
way, or take up any other person as a reporter,
and run the risk of his doing the work, I think
there would not be more than three Senators, if
there would be three, and I doubt whether there
would be one, that would say, 1 will refuse it. I
can say, on the contrary, that sooner than risk a
loss of that character, and injure the public service
so seriously, I certainly would vote for it, and give
him ten per cent, more than is proposed.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator allow me
to give notice of an amendment which I propose
to submit to the resolution, unless my friend, who
has devoted his attention to the subject, should
give me some reason why it should not be of-
fered ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. WELLER. There is considerable oppo-
sition, as is disclosed this morning, to that part
of the resolution which*increases the number of
copies of the Globe to be taken by the Senate. In
order to obviate that, I shall simply move to strike
out so much of the resolution as provides for an
additional number of copies, and insert;
i And that in lieu of the price now paid to the Congres-
! sioil.il Globe and Appendix, there shall be paid at Ihe rate
[ of $9 5(1 per column for reporting and publishing the pro-
, ceedings ot the Senate.
j 1 understand from a reliable source that the
S actual expense of reporting and printing is a little
i over $9 00 a column. Now, we are all willing
i to give the proprietor of that paper a fair remuner-
j ation. I think this amendment will do it; and at
I' the proper time I shall move it as a substitute for
the latter branch of the resolution, unless my
friend has some objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am very glad tohear that.
Itoacurred to me last night, but I had forgotten
it. It occurred to me in merely running through
these calculations that this would be the plan.
The honorable Senator from California has struck
it exactly. It will be just and it will be right, in
my opinion. I must say, that I do not think it
will be as satisfactory to the publisher of the
i Globe and Appendix. But, sir, here are the facts
| in regard to it. We are paying now $7 50 a col-
j umn. The Intelligencer broke down m the re-
i porting at that rate. The Union has been broken
I down at it twice. We have still the Globe going
I on at §7 50 a column; and gentlemen come here,
! in order to show how conclusive this thing is,and
I ask you to employ all the papers to print, and
j leave out the reporting. Well, sir, let those
I papers print at a rate which is a fair compensa-
: tion. I am now satisfied, from the information I
have, that there is one concern in the city that will
not touch your proposition to print at a cent lower
than $4 50 a column, and it demands §5, even if
the contract is made on the proposition as offered
by the Senator from Michigan.
If $4 50 is a fair rate to pay for publishing
