504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Ohio, that the courts of that State have decided
that a half-blood negro is a citizen of that State,
according'to the provisions of their constitution.
I believe in the State of Massachusetts ithas been
decided that a negro, whether a full or a half-blood,
is a citizen, within the meaning of the constitu-
tion of that State, and of the United States.
As I have before said, it has been decided in
Pennsylvania that neither a half-blood nor a full-
blood negro is entitled to the privileges of citizen-
ship under the Constitution and laws of the
country, and subsequently the purport of that de-
cision was incorporated in the constitution which
was adopted by the people of the State. Now,
with the view I take of the subject, it is desirable
that this bill should be relieved of all questions
of judicial decision that may arise in giving it
construction. I do not know why objection is
made by my colleague to this provision being in-
corporated in the bill.
It would, perhaps, begood policy, so far as the
southern portion of the Union is concerned, to
make some provision by which they could dis-
charge their old, worn-out, broken-down servants,
by sending them into our western Territories, and
giving them each farms under the provisions of
this bill. That would be a strong southern argu-
ment, but I doubt very much whether it would be
an argument that would have weight and character
with the population that is designed to settle this
western country.
I approve of the principles of the bill. I give
it my hearty approval and concurrence. The
features of it are right, and I believe, as my col-
league, [Mr. Dawson,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, said in his remarks the
other day,that there is no one feature in the legis-
lation of the country that can contribute more to
the strength, and power, and honor of the nation
than the throwing open of these public lands to
the settlements to be made by citizens of the
United States, or persons who have filed their
declarations of intention to become such. I am
willing to go for all the provisions of the bill,
even for that in regard to those persons who have
filed their declarations of intention, but I must
say that 1 make this amendment which I offer, so
far as I am concerned, a sine qua non. I will not
agree that the black population of this country
shall be put on an equal footing with the citizens
of the country, and those who may become cit-
izens of the country, in location and settlement
upon the public lands. I am opposed to degrad-
ing our own race, which we should do by putting
negroes upon an equality with us in making these
lands subject to entry by them.
Mr. DAWSON. Will my colleague hear me
for a moment?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired. The gentleman's colleague [Mr. Daw-
son] is entitled to the floor for five minutes.
Mr. DAWSON. It was never contemplated
for a moment that the black population of this
country should be put on an equality with the
white population, in the enjoyment of the benefits
of this bill. Not at all. The language of the bill
was intended to secure its provisions and privi-
leges only to the white population of thecountry;
and I was, therefore, surprised to hear my col-
league raising the question, as if there could be any
doubt as to the word " citizen " meaning a white
man. He well knows that that is the decision of
the courts of Pennsylvania; and, as I am informed,
it is the decision of the courts of a number of the
other States of the Union. I regard the proposi-
tion to amend, by inserting the word "white,"
as wholly unnecessary, and it perhaps might en-
danger the passage of the bill.
Mr. KE1TT. I desire to ask the gentleman if
he regards the free black in any State a citizen?
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all in reference to the
privileges conferred by this bill. I consider that
the amendment of my colleague, if adopted, would
be surplusage; but if the committee see proper to
adopt it, in order to remove even the apprehension
of doubt, certainly 1 have no great objection to it.
Mr. DENT. I desire to make an inquiry. I
understand that a certain class of free negroes in
the State of New York—those worth $250—are
allowed to vote, and thereby are considered as cit-
izens ofthat State. Now if they are citizens of the
State of New York, are they not citizens of the
United States? I understand that the pending
amendment is to exclude the colored population
from the benefits of the bill. Now, how can you
do, that if persons of this class, when worth $250,
are regarded as citizens? How can you exclude
those who are recognized as citizens by a sovereign
State ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman from Georgia that debate is ex-
hausted on this amendment. The gentleman can,
however, offer an amendment to the amendment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson]
has occupied five minutes in opposing the amend-
ment of his colleague.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Wright,] and 1 trust the commit-
tee will not adopt it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand the gentle-
man's colleague [Mr. Dawson] as opposing it.
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in order on that amendment. The gentleman can
offer an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to strike out the
word "free." I trust that this House will not
adoptthe amendmentof thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Wright,] but that they will leave
this question as it is in the bill, and open to that
construction which the laws may put on it. It is
a cruel deed to outlaw any set of men; to leave no
place in this great land where a man can go, be-
cause his skin is not colored like ours; to inflict
on him this odious mark of distinction by which
he shall be shut out everywhere, and then to com-
plain that he is a degraded being, and not fit for
any place. 1 trust that this great committee of
the Representatives of the United States will not
allow themselves to take such a step on this occa-
sion. We are now preparing a bill which is large,
liberal, and just, and m its spirit contemplates the
improvement of all classes of the community, and
in God's name why should this class be excluded ?
Why should we indulge in the prejudices of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright,]
and adopt such an amendment as the one he has
proposed ?
In our State, and in other States, the colored
man is just as much a citizen as the whitest man
there. In Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New
York, and, I believe, in most of the free States,
he is a citizen under the laws, and he may go there,
under the Constitution of the United States, and
claim his rights as a citizen. The Constitution
protects him to the fullest extent. Gentlemen, in
my opinion, m putting such a clause as that in
the bill violate the spirit of our Constitution,
which makes no such distinction. And we are
introducing here a principle which is extending
the principle of slavery all over the land; and, for
one, I protest against it in the name of our com-
mon humanity and our common rights.
I know that these men make good citizens.
They are industrious, and they should be left to
occupy the soil which their fathers have cultivated,
and which they have cultivated; which, for the
last one hundred years, they have done more to
develop than any part of our countrymen; and to
defend which they shed their blood during the
Revolution. These things should not be forgotten,
and that very territory is the joint result of that
labor and that contest. These colored men, and
I say it here, have contributed as much as any
people of this country to secure it; and it is the
cruelest injustice to shut them out from it; a
wrong beyond which you cannot go.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wright] says that he has no prejudices. It is
not that he loves them less, but his own race more.
The truth is, a man who tramples on the rights of
any set of men hardly knows what justice or love
is. [Laughter.] But he finds it out at last, that
justice is a hard word. It means to protect the
poor and the oppressed, to extend to them the full
measure of their rights; and in this case I trust
that this committee, who are legislating for the
people of the United States, will not adopt this
invidious principle. I say, sir, that the colored
man can go there under that bill, because he is a
citizen of the States, and every citizen of a State
has the rights of every citizen of all the States. I
know that this principle is violated in one half of
the States of the Union, but it is nevertheless true
and sound.
Mr. DAWSON. In employing the language
in this bill I consulted the Constitution of the
United States as to the literal and legal meaning of
the word citizen, and framed it in reference to the
very language employed there, in defining the qual-
ifications of representatives of the United States.
I will read from the second section of the first ar-
ticle, which is as follows:
" No person shall be a representative who shall not have
attained the age of twenty -five years, and have been seven
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in which he
shall be chosen "
It does not appear that the framers of the Con-
stitution deemed it necessary to qualify the word
"citizen." No one understood the import of lan-
guage better than James Madison,who drafted that
instrument. Taking it for granted, then, that the
word citizen means nothing more and nothing less
than a white man, I adopted it, and for so doing
furnish the authority of the Constitution itself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to ask my colleague a
question.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at this
time. The question is upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I withdraw it,
if there be no objection.
Mr. WALSH. I object:
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting before the word " white" the
words " more than one half."
I propose this amendment for the purpose of
rendering the original amendment ridiculous. That
gentleman [Mr. Wright] has expressed his ab-
horrence of the colored man. By what right has
he done it? Have they not fought for the liber-
ties which he enjoys? Have they not bled that
he and I may be freemen? Have they not shed
their blood upon every battle-field of the Revolu-
tion ? Did not they stand by General Jackson at
New Orleans? Sir, but a few years ago you and
I sat in this Hall deliberating upon the value of
a colored man who spoke and wrote with facility
four different languages, and I doubt whether the
gentleman himself can do that. I mean no offense
to "niggers." [Laughter.]
Sir, I intended to create no laughter; but when
I see an attempt to wield the power of this House
for oppression I care not whence it comes, I
cannot refrain from raising my voice against it.
We were formed into a Government to protect the
rights of the weak; to elevate the oppressed; to
do good to our fellow-men; " to do unto them as
we would they should do unto us." We have
brought these people from their native land, and
are we to persecute them and trample them in the
dust? Is that the voice of the free representa-
tives of the old Keystone State ? But a few years
ago the colored man had the right of suffrage in
that State.
In my own State to-day some of its best cit-
izens, and some of the most intelligent citizens,
are men who have colored blood in their veins;
they are authorized to hold offices, and to be Gov-
ernors of the State; and yet, under the construe
tion of the proposed amendment of the gentleman,
they must be excluded from the benefits of this
bill.
On behalf of that class of men I protest against
it here and everywhere. Let them have the
right to settle upon this land, and support them-
selves and their children. I did not intend to make
any speech, but having thrown out these sug-
gestions, and having obtained my object, I now
ask leave of the committee to withdraw the amend-
ment I offered.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Giddings's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Wright's
amendment, it was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers upon the
amendment; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Chamberlain and Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DENT. I offer the following amendment:
After the words "United States," insert"that any un-
