2072
■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and; afterwards returned to the originating body
with amendments, that body has no power over
the bill, cgscept to act upon the amendments which
hare been returned to it—either to agree, or to
disagree to them. The originating branch has no
power over it. It is so expressly laid down by
every writer on civil law.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman turn to
a single writer who has so laid down ? The Chair
would like to know to what rule the gentleman
refers?
Mr. DISNEY. The Chairman will find the
matter stated and settled on page ninety-five of
Jefferson's Manual.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is determined in
his own mind as to the rule on this subject. It is
m order to move to lay the amendments of the Sen-
ate upon the table; and if the motion be agreed to,
^le bill with it. The Chair has no doubt
about his decision; and not desiring to make a
speech, he calls on the House to decide between
him and the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SKgLTON. 1 move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
"Ae question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to lay the amendments of the Senate to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill upon the
table.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
[Cries of" No!"]
Mr. ORR, 1 hope the gentleman will withdraw
his demand for the yeas and nays until we see
how the House stands by division.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I withdrawthe demand.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the Senate amendments upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will consume nearly the
whole day to read the amendments, and I would
suggest, if gentlemen are prepared to do so, that
they state the amendments on which they desire
separate votes, and that the remainder be voted
on en masse.
Mr. LETCHER. Will it be in order to move
that the House concur in the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That may be done by unan-
imous consent, but not otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. If there be no objection, I
would submit that motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire that the one
hundred and seventy-ninth amendment may be
excepted, so that a separate vote may be taken
on it. I have otherwise no objection to the gen-
tleman's proposition.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to ex-
eepting the gentleman's amendment.
Objection was made to Mr. Letcher's propo-
sition by several members.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be read;
and if any gentleman desires a separate vote on
any amendment, he will rise in his place and in-
dicate it. Then, those on which separate votes
are not asked, will be voted on en masse.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A great deal
of time will be consumed by the reading of all the
amendments. Let each member who desires a
separate vote on any amendment rise now, and
specify it, and then let us vote on the others to-
1 he SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MURRA V. I object; and, if allowed, I
would suggest that the amendments be read by
their numbers, and gentlemen can then indicate
those on which they desire a separate vote.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
Mouse that the proposition be agreed to?
juries of "Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
was ado was-no objection; and the proposition
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments by their numbers, when those on which
separate votes were not demanded were passed
oveI' of m masse hereafter.
Mr. HOUSTON. Amendments number two
and number eight have a direct relation to each
.both relate t0 th« Clerks of the
Senate and their extra pay. I would like to have
the House « ree to both of these amendments.
One enlarges the appropriation, and the other di-
minishes another appropriation, I do not desire
to have a contest with the Senate about the pay
of their officers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not seem to understand the order of
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I merely desire in this in-
stance to have the amendments voted upon to-
gether, with a view to their concurrence.
The SPEAKER. The question then is upon
agreeing to amendments number two and number
eight, which will be read by the Clerk.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Second amendment:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others receiving an annual salary, tn the service of the
Senate, #57,010.
Eighth amendment:
For clerks to committees, pages, police, heraes and car-
ryalls, $30,000.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were agreed to.
Twenty-second amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Rcssell:
That the act approved 28d April, 1854, entitled "An act
to amend the third section of the act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1854, and for other pur-
poses," shall be so construed as in regard to increased com-
pensation for the fiscal year ending the 30th June last, to
include within its provisions the clerks of the Department
of State, and the clerks in the office of the Coast Survey:
and that the chief clerk in the State Department shall re-
ceive the same compensation as the chief clerks in the
other Departments of the Government for the last fiscal
year, and that the money necessary to carry these provis-
ions into effect, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
TheSPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union have reported against
concurring in this amendment.
Mr. RUSSELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House will allow me,
1 desire to make a correction in line two hundred
and thirty-two. When the deficiency bill was
before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, we allowed three $1,600 clerks to
the Register of the Treasury; and therefore this
appropriation of §36,950 should be §41,750. It
will save a deal of trouble, if the correction be
made now.
The correction was ordered, and the clause, as
corrected, reads:
August 2,
For compensation of the Register of the Treasury, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messengers in his
office, §41,750.
Forty-fourth amendment, on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Murray:
For compensation of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, and the clerks and messenger in his office, S9.595 :
Provided, That the joint resolution, approved the 20th Ju-
ly, 1854, shall be so construed as to embrace the Superin-
tendent of Public Priming, and the clerks and messenger
in Ills office.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union have concurred
in this amendment, with an amendment, which is
to strike out the proviso.
TheSPEAKER. The question is first upon
agreeing to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STRATTON. I believe the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union Jmick out
the proviso.
The SPEAKER. Thatis theamendment which
the House will now vote upon.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair put the ques-
tion in the shape of agreeing to the report of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is perfectly will-
ing to put it in that form.
Mr. MURRAY. I have no objection to that.
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was agreed to.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
Mr. CHASTAIN. I call for a separate vote
upon that amendment, and upon it I call for the
yeas and nays.
TheSPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the TJnien recommended a concur"
rence in f^at amendment, with an amendment,
wK oh the Clerk will report.
The Senate amendment was to atrike out from
the following clause the part in brackets:
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secretary of
War may select, and warming all the rooms in it, ($21,875;
For compensation of superintendent and four watchmen
of the building corner ofF and seventeenth streets, $2,250;]
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Thirty-two thousand three hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars ; and the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
lease said building, or some other, for a term not exceeding
five years, at the rent herein authorised, if, in his judg-
ment, the same shall be for the public interest.
The Committee of the Whole amended the Sen-
ate amendment by striking out ail after the words
" warming all the rooms in it," and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
Twenty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five
dollars: Provided, The Secretary of War be authorized to
purchase the said building at a sum not exceeding $200,000;
so as to make the clause read :
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secretary of
War may select, and warming all the rooms in it, $21,875:
Provided, That the Secretary of War be authorized to pur-
chase said building at a sum not exceeding $200,000.
The yeas and naya were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole was
concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. The seventy-third and sev-
enty-fourth amendments are rendered necessary
by the adoption of a subsequent amendment of
the Senate, authorizing the compensation for these
officers, which these amendments were inserted to
provide for. If the House concur in that amend-
ment, they should also concur in these. 1 ask for
a separate vote upon them. The Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
non-concurrence.
The amendments are to insert, in the seven
hundred and ninety-seventh line, after the wohi
" assayer," the words (t assistant melter and
refiner;" and in the seven hundred and ninety-
ninth line strike out the words " three thousand
four," and insert " four thousand nine;*' so'that
the clause will read:
For salaries of the director, treaaurer, assayer, melter
and refiner, chief coiner and engraver, assistant assayer,
assistant melter and refiner, and seven clerks, $24,900.
The amendments were concurred in.
Ninety-fifth amendment:
And the Secretary of the Treasury be, and be is hereby,
authorized to contract for «the construction of a custom-
house on said site, to include accommodations for a post-
office and United States eourt-room, at a cost not exceed-
ing $900,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for a separate vote upon
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and eighth amendment:
For the construction of an appraiser's store on a portion
or the, square selected for the custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, California, including the expense of piling for the
foundation thereof, by contract or otherwise, as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may deem best, $100,000: Provided,
That the same restrictions regarding the completion of said
work with the sum hereby appropriated, as are contained
in this act concerning the erection and completion of cus-
tom-houses and marine hospitals, shall be applicable there-
Mr. HOUSTON. That is to provide for ail
appraiser's store in California. It would be a
great saving to the Government if the House
would concur in it. I ask for a separate vote on it.
«^r" ^ Have not the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union concur-
red in it ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; the committee have
recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and eleventh amendment:
For prosecuting operations on the marine hospital at
Portland, m the State of Maine, $50,000.
Mr. GROW. I ask for a separate vote on the
am endment.
SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole reported a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twelfth amendment:
To provide a suitable building as a marine hospital at St.
Marks, Florida, $5,000.
Mr. GROW. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment.
The SPEAKER, The Committee of the
