1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
married white man over nineteen years of age, or any white
female over eighteen years of age, a citizen thereof."
I was in favor, Mr. Chairman, of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee,
proposing to extend the privileges of this bill to
young men eighteen years of age, but as that was
voted down by the committee, I propose the age
of nineteen. There is no reason why we should
exclude our young men from the benefits of this
public domain, if it is to be disposed of in this
manner. But, on the contrary, there is great jus-
tice and great propriety in giving these lands to
our young men, who are bound by the laws of
the land to serve their country whenever they are
called on. At the age of eighteen years a young
man may be drafted into the service of the coun-
try in time of war;'and it has been found that at
such time the largest class of voluntary enlistments
come from this class,
Now, sir, there are many men not more than
nineteen years of age who are not heads of fami-
lies, but who are capable of taking care of them-
selves—who are capable of going out into our
western wilderness, and providing themselves
with a homestead, and who would provide them-
selves with wives afterwards. It is true that our
young men are not all married at the age of nine-
teen, and many of them are not on account of
their poverty. X have proposed to grant this priv-
ilege to young men nineteen years old because I
believe there is a great deal of justice in it; and I
propose that young women of eighteen years of
age shall be entitled to the laid also. It is true,
as has been said, that when young men twenty-
one years of age are not married, it is generally
their own fault; but it is also true that there are a
great many young ladies eighteen years of age
who are unmarried, though that is not their fault.
[Laughter.]
TheCH AIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
must interrupt the gentleman. A portion of the
amendment offered by him is incompatible with
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] and adopted by the com-
mittee.
Mr. DENT. What is it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair alludes to the
provision prescribing twenty-one years of age.
Mr. DENT. This applies only to men, I be-
lieve ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is all.
Mr. DENT. Then I go it for the women.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask a single
question. Do I understand the gentleman to say
that the ladies of Indiana marry at the age of
eighteen ?
Mr. DENT. Some of them marry at sixteen.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not know at what
time they did marry, and I was desirous of being
informed.
Mr. DENT. It was remarked, by a gentleman
who occupied the floor a short time since, that if
young men were not married at the age of twenty-
one it was their own fault. 1 say it is not the
fault of young ladies that they are not all married
at the age of eighteen. It is but a few days since
that a bill passed this House granting one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to a young lady who
went into the Army and served her country in the
war with Mexico. Now, I suppose that there are
hundreds of young ladies in your western country,
in destitute circumstances, perhaps widows, who
would, probably,gladly avail themselvesof theop-
porfunity of securing one hundred and sixty acres
of land oy settling: upon it; and I have no doubt
but that their lovers would accompany them, and
help them to build shanties thereon, for the pur-
pose of bringing them within the purview of the
law.
I hope that my amendment, so far as it relates to
ladies under eighteen years of age, will be adopted.
If that portion of the bill in reference to young
men has been perfected, it is, of course, too late
to amend it; but I do insist that the principle is
correct, that when a man is bound to serve his
country, he ought to be entitled to the privilege of
receiving land at the hands of the Government.
I have no objection to that portion of the bill
with reference to those who have filed a declara-
tion with the intention to become citizens, but I
will take this occasion to say that the poor people
who come to this country from Europe are not
able to reach these lands. It is only the rich peo-
ple, who bring money with them, who will be able
to avail themselves of the benefits of the bill.
Mr. Chairman, there never was a more stu-
pendous speculation gotten up in the House of
Representatives than this bill. It will operate as
the emigration to Texas did. The rich million-
aires of the northern cities will pick up out of the
gutters men who, unaided, would never be able
to get ten miles, and send them out by thousands
to the western country, to settle these lands upon
share 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Geor-
gia proposes to extend still further the class of
persons who are to be at liberty to seize upon and
appropriate to themselves the lands belonging, not
to us, but to the United States, and for that reason
I am opposed to his amendment. Sir, it cannot
be denied that this bill is.in conformity with the
spirit of the present age—"the spirit of pro-
gress.'' Such progress ! Sir, at the last Congress,
when this bill, or another bill of the same nature,
to the great amazement of the country, was in-
troduced, it proposed to restrict the privileges
granted by it to those who are the heads of fami-
lies, and who are worth less than $500. Now, it
is proposed to give a quarter section of land to
every citizen of the United States, whether he be
the head of a family or not, who is over the age
of twenty-one.
Sir, if any gentleman were to introduce a prop-
osition into this House to cede to the States, in
which the public lands lie, all of those lands, it
would be regarded as a very extravagant propo-
sition on the part of the new States; and yet the
present bill is infinitely better for them and infi-
nitely more injurious to the old States, for by it,
you will, in effect, give to the States in which the
public lands lie every foot of such territory, and
you give to them also a useful class of population
which you attract to them by the promise of one
hundred and sixty acres of the public lands; you
take from the old States the most enterprising por-
tion of their population, and by granting to every
person who may become an inhabitant or a resi-
dent of a new State, you increase the strength and
wealth of the new States, and their power in the
Government by adding to the subjects of taxation.
If we must imitate the recklessness of King Lear,
let us beware we do not experience his self-re-
proaches,and realize his fate.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dent's
amendment; and it was rejected, on a division,
there being only 26 in the affirmative.
Mr. YATES, i move to add the following to
the first section:
Provided, That no person shall hereafter be permitted
to eiiU r Willi money, land scrip, warrants, or otherwise,
more than one beetum of the public land.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether that amendment be in order—
whether it he germane to the subject under consid-
eration, to provide for the prevention of entry of
land with money, land scrip, warrant, or any-
thing else? If we commence to get these things
into the bill we shall never get through with it. I
will vote with the gentleman for that provision,
when in a bill by itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, that
when this bill was under consideration by this
committee at the last Congress, a proposition was
made to amend, by offering an amendment to
graduate the price of the public land, and the then
occupant of the Chair held that it was not ger-
mane to the bill, and no appeal was taken from
that decision. He supposes, m accordance with
that construction of the rules of last year, the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois would
not be germane to the subject under consideration.
Mr. YATES. I offer the following amend-
ment: Strike out from the first section the words
"one quarter section," and insert "three hun-
dred and twenty acres."
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment with the
view of making a speech only. I will withdraw
it when I am done. There should be no delay in
passing this bill. It will, perhaps, not be a year
before nearly every acre of good land now subject
to private entry will be taken up. And by whom
taken up? By the actual settler ? No, sir; by the
speculator. We learn, from the report of the com-
missioner of the General Land Office, that the
sales of the public lands, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1853, amounted to seven millions two ,
hundred and thirty-five thousand two hundred
and eighty-one acres; exceeding the sales of the
previous year by over two million acres. Now,
sir, of these two million acres thus sold, I hesitate
not to say that there was not one million sold for
the purposes of immediate actual settlement; so that
at least six million acres of these lands have gone
into the hands of speculators. In the State of Il-
linois, during the same year, there were sold two
millions eight hundred and seven thousand nine
hundred and eighty-one acres. It is very probable
that over two and a half million acres of these
lands also went into the hands of speculators. I
was at the land office in Danville, Illinois, during
the last fall, where I found hundreds of specula-
tors; one, sir, who told me he had entered twenty-
four thousand acres, and he a non-resident, at that,
i found there, sir, several instances in which poor
men, who came there to purchase for actual set-
tlementa chosen spot of eighty acres—chosen after
weeks of search—found their lands included within
the broad area on which the speculator had laid
his remorseless grasp. They were compelled to
go in search of other lands, at the hazard of like
disappointment, or to pay fivefold the Govern-
ment price for the lands they had hoped to enter.
And yet, sir, the President, in his message, says:
" It is believed that experience has verified the
wisdom and justice of the present system with re-
gard to the public domain, in most essential par-
ticulars."
Mr. Chairman, I submit the question, whether
the system, as now pursued, is to be our policy
m the future as to the lands in the States and Ter-
ritories? " Has experience justified the wisdom
and justice of the system," which permits the
wealthy capitalist to purchase these lands in un-
limited quantities, and to withhold them from
settlement and occupation, to the exclusion of the
actual settler? Under the present system, non-
residents go into the new States and Territories,
and by means of associated capital, enter large
tracts of the best land—from one to one hundred
thousand acres—which they withhold from settle-
ment and cultivation until the improvements of
adjacent lands, made by the hard-handed toil of
the actual settler, add tenfold to their value, when
they sell them to him at these augmented prices.
I oppose such a system, as having the effect to
retard the settlement and prosperity of the new
States and Territories; as an act of gross and in-
tolerable injustice to the poor and industrious
pioneer; and as establishing land monopolies,
which have been the curse of every country where
they have beensuffeied to exist. Would it not
be better to have these lands in cultivation, divided
into farms of moderate size, in the occupation of
our poor and industrious families, than to have
them entirely absorbed by speculators ? I call the
attention of the Committee on Public Lands to
this subject, and suggest to them the propriety of
providing for the sale of thepubliclanasin limited
quantities to each purchaser. Under the present
system, we are rendering the States and Territo-
ries liable to the largest land monopolies the world
ever saw. No small part of the calamities and
oppressions of the kingdoms of Europe is to be
traced to these monopolies ofthe soil in thecrown,
and in the hands of a few. Look at Ireland, whose
millions of yeomanry are the miserable vassals and
tenants of English landlords. Look at England,
where some thirty thousand proprietors have the
title to the soil. In those, and other countries of
Europe, are to be seen, and will be seen and felt
for generations to come, all the evils and inequali-
ties growing out of such systems ofland monopoly.
There are to be seen the fearful contrasts between
the luxurious splendor of wealth, on the one hand,
and abject want and squalid misery on the other.
1 know, sir, that, under our laws of descent, we
may never expect to witness this contrast to the
same appalling extent, yet it cannot be denied that
enormous injustice, as well to individuals as to
the State, must be the result of our piesent sys-
tem of land policy.
It is urged that the passage of this bill will tend
to diminish the population of the old States by
holding out inducements to emigration. I appre-
hend that though this may be the case to some ex-
tent, yet it will not sensibly affect the prosperity
of the old States. But, sir, I cannot believe that
the citizens of the old States would so far stifle
the feelings of humanity as to desire to prevent
the laborer from seeking any portion of our com-
