2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
Gamble, Grey, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Har-
ris, Hendricks, Hibb&rd, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kittredge, Lamb, Letcher*
Lilly, McQ.ueen, Maurice, May, Smith Miller, Millson,
Moirison, Mm ray, Old^s, Orr, Packer, Peck, John Perkins,
PheFps, JHulhps, Powell, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Bobbins,
Howe, Ruffin, Sage, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton,
William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sotlers, Stratton,
Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Vansant, Daniel B.
Wright, and Hendrick. B. Wright—78.
So the Senate amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Que hundred and sixty-first amendment:
Seo.—. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to cause to be constructed the following buildings:
At New Orleans, Louisiana, a marine hospital, to cost not
more than $248,000; and when said hospital shall have
been completed, the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause
the old hospital at New Orleans to be sold, and the proceeds
thereof to be placed m the Treasury of the United States.
At Detroit,Michigan, a marine hospital, to cost not more
than $75,000.
At Pensacola, Florida, a marine hospital, to cost not more
than $20,000.
At Burlington, in the Sta® of Iowa, a marine hospital,
to cost not more than $15,000.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the several
sums mentiontd in the preceding section as the cost of the
buildings therein authorized to be constructed, together
with ten per cent, thereon to cover the compensation of
architects, superintendents, advertising, and other contin-
gent expenses, and so much as may be required to purchase
suitable &ites for said buildings, be, and the same are here-
by, appropriated for the purposes aforesaid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro
vided^ That no money hereby appropriated shall be used or
applied for the purposes mentioned until a valid title to the
laud for the sue of such building, in each case, shall be
vested in the United States, and until the State shall al«o
duly release and relinquish to the United States the tight to
tax or in any way assess said site or the piopertyof the
United Slates that may be thereon during the unie that the
United States fhall be oi remain the owner thereof.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. 1 ask for asepa-
rate vote on the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on concurring in the
Senate's amendment, and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 72, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Ball, Bell, Benson, Bliss, Car-
penter, Chamberlain, Clark, Corwm, Ciocker, Cullom,
De Wilt, Dick, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mauds, Thomas I), Eliot, Ellison, Everhart, Failey, Flor-
ence, Guiding*, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Henn,
Howe, Hum, IngursoH, Johnson, Kerr, Lindsley, McCul-
loch, Macdonald, Maey, Matteson, Maui ice, Maxwell,
Mayall, Morgan, Andrew Oliver, Mordecat Oliver,Paiker,
Pennington, John Perkins, Preston, Richardson, Rogers,
Ttus&eli, Sabin, Snpp, Shannon. William R. Smith, pol-
lers, Uestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Thurston, (Jplmin, Wade, Walbridge, Walker, Waltey,
2'jllihu B. Wa.shbuine, Israel Washburn, Wells, John
Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and Wheel-
er— 7-1
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Al-
len, Applfton, Harksdale, Belcher, Bridges, Caskie, Chas-
tuin, Chrtsirian, Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Dawson.
Dowddl, John M Elliott, English, Gamble, Green-
wood, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Wilev P. Hams,
Haven, Hendricks, Ilibbard, Houston, Dnmel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Keitt? Kittredge. Knox,Lamb, Letcher,
Lilly, McMulhn, McNair, McQueen, May, Smith Millar,
Milli-on, Moriibon, Muriny, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Pnryenr, Ready, Robbing, llowe,
Ruffin, Sage, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit
Smith, William Smith, George W. Smvth, Richard H,
Siariton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Trout. Vail, Van-
Bunt, Daniel B. Wright, and Zollicoft'er—70.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I would ask the
unanimous consent of the House to amend the
one hundred and sixty-second amendment, by
adding to it these words:
In the Department of State, one clerk at a salary of
$1,200; one at $1,400; one at $1,600; and one at $1,800.
1 will state that I understand the clerical force
of the State Department is totally insufficient for
- the proper discharge of the duties devolving on it.
The object of the amendment is simply to supply
an omission. We have given seven add itionat clerks
to the Treasury Department, and four to the At-
torney General'sOMce. Requests have been made
from the State Department for this increase of its
clerical force; and, inasmuch as the object is to
facilitate the public business, I trust that no objec-
tion will be made to the introduction of the amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know
whether the Secretary of State has applied for
these clerks?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 received a communication
from the State Department.
Mr. HAVEN If it be in time, I object to the
introduction of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. Objection does not come too
late.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I would ask the
gentleman to withhold his objection until the
letter of the Secretary of State is read by the
•Clerk?
Mr. HAVEN. I do not wish to get the House
into a snarl; and if the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means is willing that the amend-
ment shall c.ome in, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOtJSTON. 1 received a note from the
Secretary of State in relation to the clerical force
in his office, which I will ask the Clerk to read,
although it is a private note.
Mr. LETCHER. Let him send an official
communication to this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is as responsible as if it
were official. The Secretary of State has already
sent an official communication to the Senate in
respect to remodeling his Department. We were
unwilling to remodel it in an appropriation bill.
This amendment proposes to leave out all the
details, except the provision for four additional
clerks.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
One hundred and sixty-sixth amendment:
Sec.—. Awl be it further enacted, Thatall pers-ons claim-
ing any interest in, or portion of, any grant of land derived
from the Spanish or Mexican Governments in Upper Cali-
fornia, wheie such on^inal grant has heretofore been pre
sented to the board of land commissioners withm the time
specified hi the thnteenth section of the act of the 3d of
March, 1851, but who have failed to present to the said
board the evidence of their derivative title to said interest
or poitiun from the original grantee, be, and they are here-
by, authorized to present the same ; and the saul commis-
sioners are hereby directed to adjudicate the said interest
or portion in the same manner as if it had been presented
witlmi the time oriiiinally pre>cru>ed by the aforesaid act
o( the 3d of Match, 1851, entitled " An actto ascertain and
settle the private land claims in the State of California."
Mr. McDOUGALL I call for a separate vote
on that amendment. This is merely a local mat-
ter concerning the State of California alone; and
I hope the House will concur in the amendment
of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment, and the
question is upon agreeing to the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Walker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 87.
So the Senate amendment was non-concurrfd
in.
One hundred and seventy-sixth amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD. I call for a separate vote
upon that amendment. I am satisfied that it ought
to be adopted, and that it was non-concurred in
from a misapprehension of the facts.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Sfo. —. Andbeitfinther enacted, Thatso much of the act
of the 7th of June, 1844, restricting the employment of in-
spectors, gadgets, weighers, measurers, ami maikersin cus-
tom-houses to the number then in the service, . s may bo
applicable to those employed in the ports of New York and
New Orleans, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
amendment; and it was decided m the negative.
So the amendment was non concurred in.
One hundred and seventy-seventh amendment:
Mr. S TEPHENS, of Georgia. The one hun-
dred and seventy-seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate is that which provides for an increase of the
salary of the chaplains. The committee, last
night, non-concurred in the Senate amendment.
I think we ought to concur; and I ask for a sep-
arate vote upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Both committees
non-concurred in the amendment.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 13th of June, 1853, the annual salary of the chaplains
to Congress shall be $750, and such sum additional to that
elsewhere provided, as may be requited to pay the same to
the 3i)th of June, 1855, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The question was taken on agreeing with the
amendment; and it was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and seventy-ninth amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote upon the amendment, and the yeas and
nays upon it.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the " act mak-
ing appropriations for the improvement of certain harbors
and rivers," approved the 30th of August, 1852, be, and the
same hereby is, amended, by striking from the clause in
which they occur the following words: " by the construc-
tion of a breakwater across Croaton sound." *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Ball, Benson, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Clingman, Cox, Craige, Crocker, De Witt, Dunbar,
Edmundson, English, Farley, Florence, Fuller, Giddings,
Grey, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Howe,
Jngersoll, Johnson, Kerr, Knox, McCulloch, McDougall,
Matteson, Norton, Pennington, Pringle, Puryear,'^Riddle,
David Ritchie, Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Sapp,
Shaw, Singleton, George W. Smyth, pollers, Frederick
P. Stanton, HeatorL. Stevens, Stratum, John L.Taylor,
Trout, Vail, Waliey, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, and Wheeler
—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen,
James C. Allen, Appleton, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Belcher, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Brooks, Caruth-
ers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chastain, Chrisman, Clark,
Cobb, Colquitt, Corwm, Cullom, Curtis, Thomas Davis,
Dawson, Dick, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, John
M.Elliott, Ellison, Gamble, Greenwood, Grow, Wiley P.
Harris, tlibbard, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lpmb, Letcher, Linds-
ley, Macdonald, McMullm,McNair, McQueen, May, John
G. Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Peckham, John Perkins, Phelps,
Powell, Pratt, Ready, Reese, Robbins, Skelton, Gerrit
Smith, Wtlham Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Andrew
Stuart, David Stuart, Jolfft J. Taylor, Tweed, Upham,
Vacant, Wade, Wells, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B.
Wright, and Zoilicoffer—82.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-second amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States be authorized and directed to appoint
two peisons to investigate, and collect proof, under the
instructions of tin* Department of the Interior, on the dep-
redations upon private pioperty by the Indians in Florida,
subsequent to the 25ih December, 3835—the report and
testimony to be submitted to Congress at its next session.
Mr. MAXWELL. I demand a separate vote
on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
report a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. LANCASTER. What has become of the
one hundred and eightieth and one hundred and
eighty-first amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk read the number,
but no gentleman rose to ask a separate vote.
Mr. LANCASTER. I rose and asked a sep-
arate vote on them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman. If it be the pleasure of the House,
the question will be taken separately on the one
hundred and eightieth and one hundred and eighty-
first amendme^s. •
[Cries of "1 object!" all over the Hall }
Mr. FULLER. It is very difficult for those on
the outside seats to hear what is read at the desk
of the Clerk, and I hope that the Delegate <from
Washington Territory will be indulged in a sepa-
rate vote on the amendment he has indicated.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
J\4r. CHAMBERLAIN. I object.
The SPEA KER. The Chair must enforce the
rule. He did not hear the gentleman from Wash-
ington Territory ask for a sepaYate vote, and de-
cides that it is now too late to go back.
Mr. MAXWELL. I demand tellers on the
one hundred and eighty-second amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the one hundred
and eighty-second amendment was non-concurred
in.
One hundred and eighty-third amendment:
Sec. —. And beii further enacted, That the seventh sec-
tion of the act of January 18, 1837, entitled " An act sup-
plementary to the act entitled 'An act establishing a Mint
and regulating the corns of the United States,'" be so
amended as to extend the limit for the annual salary of
clerks in the Mint of the United States to $1,800 each, from
and after the 1st of July, 1S54, at the discretion of the offi-
cers authorized by law to appoint, with the approbation of
the President of the United States, including also one clerk
in the office of the assistant treasurer at Philadelphia, and
that the salary of the chief clerkofthebranch Mint at New
Orleans shall be $2,200 from and after the 1st of July,
1854.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. An error oc-
curred in the engrossing of that amendment in the
Senate. In the original draft after the words
" Mint of the United States" were these words.
