506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
mon country where he could better his condition,
and release himself from the grasp of want and
poverty. There being but few public lands in the
district I have the honor to represent, doubtless
some of my constituents would seek a home else-
where on the public lands. And, sir, though I
might dislike to part with them, yet I would say
to them," Go where you can find the greatest en-
joyment and highest prosperity." Wherever
they may locate on our broad domain, they will
still be American citizens, protected by the same
Constitution, under the folds of the same glorious
flag, and united to us by the ties of country and
a common humanity.
I care not, Mr. Chairman, what motives may
be ascribed to me for the support of this bill. If
it shall only become a law 1 am willing that those
who are destitute of those noble pulsations which
should sway every man's breast in behalf of his
fellow-man, may ascribe what motives they please.
I have not been an unmindful observer of the hard-
ships of the laboring man, and I thank God I
have a heartfull of sympathy for suffering human-
ity. Wherever 1 seethe laboring man 1 respect
him. It is no disgrace that his hands are soiled
by honest labor. It is the essence of our institu-
tions to respect and honor labor; and if we are ever
to have an aristocracy in this country, God grant
that it may be the aristocracy of free American
labor. What little influence I may have here or
elsewhere shall be exerted to promote its highest
dignity, and to secure to it its highest reward.
And it is in this spirit and for this purpose I sup-
port this bill. Whenever I see the poor but in-
dustrious laborer, with a large family dependent
Qn him for support, struggling against the strong
current of adversity and poverty; whenever I see
him tottering beneath his heavy load, as he toils
with unsteady step up the scaffold of the rich man's
edifice; or when 1 see him in the back ground upon
the corner of another's farm, barely able to obtain
a scanty subsistence, and without the means of
educating his children, it is then I think of this bill.
It is then, sir, that the vision of a bright, sweet
home for that man, in the valley of the Nebraska,
on the hill side, in the forest glade, or "where the
prairie sparkles with flowers," rises up before
me.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that we may this very
day send this bill to the Senate, with the prestige
of a large majority in its favor, and that that body,
in response to the almost universal sentiment of
the country in its favor, will act upon it and pass
it without delay.
Mr. LETCHER. Our Illinois friends seem
rather hard to please. 1 he gentleman who has
just addressed the House [Mr. Yates] objects to
any man going into the State of Illinois to buy land,
if he goes from one of the old States. At the same
time, he is perfectly willing that the land should
beg-iue?* away, without reimbursing the Govern-
ment the actual cost of purchase, survey, and
bringingthe land into market. Not only so, he
is perfectly willing to donate it to a corporation,
without even a restriction as to the time at which
the land should he sold. Why is it that there
was not some indignation expressed at such a
donation? Why is it that those lands can go into
the hands of private, soulless, moneyed corpora-
tions, and yet these same gentlemen feel no com-
punctious visitings at this result?
We have made grants of what are called the
swamp lands, and I know how the act in relation
thereto has been executed. One of the most re-
spectable men of my own district (Mr. David
Vanmeter, of Hardy county, Virginia,) in 1852,
went to the west and selected twelve hundred acres
of land for his son, and in 1853 he selected twelve
hundred acres more for another son, for the ex- |
press purpose of farming, and for no other purpose 1
in the world; carefully avoiding everything like j
swamp lands, and yet when his certificates were !
returned to the Commissioner of the General Land j
Office, in order that he might get his patents, he 1
found that the State of Illinois was claiming these i
very lands so selected under the swamp land act, ;
although there had never been a drop of water :
upon them, except what had fallen from heaven,
or was to be found in the springs or streams ;
thereon. [Laughter.] I
I do not understand the policy that these gen- :
tlecnen are advocating here. If they want to take i
these lands, if they want to appropriate them to ;
their own use without compensation to the Gov- i
ernment, let them take some other course to ac-
complish the object. Do not make war upon the
old States by seeking to withdraw their popula-
tion by donations of the public lands to those who
have no lands.
While this is the case in Illinois, it is the case
in many other States. Here are these donations
to corporations without restriction; and not only
that, but they even undertake to exempt these cor-
porations from alP taxation upon their private
property for six years, and upon the lands until
they are sold. I would like to see their preaching
and practice correspond in the disposition of the
public lands. When these gentlemen make war
upon this ground, I would like to see their acts
correspond with their professions. I wish to see
them carry out the rule which they prescribe for
others as the proper rule to be observed.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and by special order House
bill No. 37, commonly known as the homestead
bill, but had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HENN. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 1, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Albany, New York; a petition of citizens of
Bucks county, Pennsylvania; the proceedings of
a meeting of citizens of Lockport, New York;
the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Auburn,
New York; a petition of citizens of New York;
and certain resolutions passed at a meeting of citi-
zens of Oneida, New York, protesting against the
passage of the bill to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas without a prohibition of
slavery therein; which were ordered to He upon
the table.
Also, the petition of Thomas C. Nye, praying
indemnity for the violation, by the Post Office De-
partment, of his contract for the transportation of
the mails; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVERETT presented the memorial of
Mary Baury, widow of Louis Baury, an officer
during the war of the Revolution, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial signed by me-
chanics and others, citizens of the United States,
praying Congress to enact such laws as will best
secure the protection of American citizens in the
enjoyment of their rights of conscience, and of
religious worship m foreign countries; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of the citizens of the State of
Michigan, remonstrating against a reciprocal in-
ternational copyright treaty between the United
States and Great Britain: which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Chester, Massachusetts, and a petition of
citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, protesting
against any repeal of the prohibition of slavery,
or the addition of slave territory to the Union,
immediate or prospective, such as is proposed in
the Nebraska bill; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of the town of
Winchendon,Massachusetts, prayinga reduction
in the present rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. EVERETT presented the petition of George
M. Farnura, praying the reimbursement of ex-
penses incurred by him while United States Con-
sul at the Mauritius, on account of destitute
American citizens; which was referred to the
Committee on Foieign Relations.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of David
Gordon, praying that an act may be passed for
the settlement of his accounts as examiner of the
land offices in Louisiana and Mississippi; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Gustavus G. Cuahman be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the administrator of Joseph H. Whipple
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers, in order
that they may be presented in the House of Representa-
tives.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Lucy Tate be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following petitions,
submitted adverse reports thereon; which were
ordered to be printed:
Petition of the heirs of Joseph Pomroy;
Petition of the administrator of Joseph Rich-
ardson;
Petition of James A. Glanding; and
Petition of Phcebe Hascail.
He also, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Absalom Kyle
and William C. Kyle, praying the compensation
for transporting the mail due according to the
terms of their contract, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
McCalmont, Greaves & Co., praying that certain
duties imposed on goods imported by them into the
port of Vera Cruz, during the late war with Mex-
ico, may be refunded, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of E.
'J. McLane, praying compensation for expenses
incurred in seizing horses and mules smuggled
into the United States from Mexico, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred a pe-
tition of citizens of Green Bay and Depere, Wis-
consin, reported a bill to extend the limits of th§
collection district of Milwaukie, in the State of
Wisconsin, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution to inquire into the sub-
ject, reported a bill to constitute Keokuk, in the
State of Iowa, a portof delivery; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William Harris, of Georgia, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
LAKEPORT, LOUISIANA.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Jefferson and Lake Ponchartrain Railway,
reported a bill to establish a port of delivery at
Lakeport, on Lake Ponchartrain, and for other
purposes, and asked for its presentconsideration.
The bill was accordingly read twice, by unani-
mous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
it proposes to establish at the terminus of the
Jefferson and Lake Ponchartrain Rail way, on Lake
Ponchartrain, a port of delivery, toembrace, also,
the lake terminus of the new canal, to be called
Lakeport; to direct that a surveyor shall reside
there; that all ships or vessels bound to it shall,
after proceeding thereto, makingareport and entry
at the portof New Orleans within the time limited
by law, be permitted to unload their cargoes at
Lakeport, under the rules and regulations pre-
scribed by law; that all vessels about to depart
from there to foreign places shall be permitted to
clear out with their cargoes at the custom-house
in New Orleans, and depart under the same rules
