THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1854.
New Series....No. 77.
An answer to the second inquiry I prepared hastily, and I
it is tins answer thai has called forth the statement from I
the Globe office, without addiess or signature, which j
has been forwarded to Senators, and in which certain ex-
ceptions are taken to the correctness of the statement r
furnished at your request. I owe it to you, as well as to
myself, not to let this statement pass unnoticed.
First, as to the number of pages of matter in the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix. An associate in the office
in which I am employed undertook to ascertain for me the
number of pages m the nine volumes composing this work
for the Thirty-Second Congress. He reported to me the
number to be 5,300, but it appears^hat the actual number
was 5,454. I took the first number for the basis of my
calculations, and upon it they were correctly made, with
the exception of the cost of folding, for which I allowed a
small advance on the price paid tor folding eongiessional
documents on paper of the same size, which was too much
by half.
The only difference, then, between the Globe state-
ment and the one I furnished you, is m the co>X of paper
and press-work, respectively—the only items of expense of
any importance in printing anything, after the type is pre-
pared for the press. I have estimated the cost of paper,
such as the Congressional Globe is usually printed upon, at
per ream; the Globe says it is vvoith $4 80. Let us
see: 'IMie proprietor of the Globe, in his testimony, under ;
oath, before a committee of Congress, on the 2-lth July,
1850, said " He pays $3 25 at the mills, for s uch paper as
the Congressional Globe is now printed upon; it costs about
$3 3D delivered here. The paper weighs about thirty-two
pounds to the ream, of the size of twenty four by thirty-
eight" inches. There was but little fluctuation in the price
of paper, according to the best information I have been able
to obtain, between 1850 and the autumn of 1853, and the
recent rise in piice probably doe* not exceed u*u per cent.;
but I will put it down at fifteen per ci nt , winch on $3 33,
would raise the price, at this time, to about .$3 83 pet ream.
I will state a fact to illustrate the correctness <>t the opinion
that the rise in the price of paper has not been so gte.it as
has been asserted. In December last, there were many
competitors for I urnis-hing the paper upon which the con
gressional documents are printed at prices below the con-
tract prices of the preceding year, and contracts vveie en-
tered into for furnishing this papei at twenty cents per
ream le*s upon one cla«s,and foity-eight cents pei ream less
upon another class. Did tins indicate any considerable
advance in the price of paper up to the fir-t of December
last? If the publisher of the Globe is now using paper for
the Congressional Globe so lar superior to that heretofore
used as the price he says he pays indicates, (and I have no
reason to doubt that he does,) he has a reason for it satis-
factory to himself. But admit that it is worth what he
says, §'4 80; then, according to his own showing, in the
case referred to mo, his piofit would be $-15,119 for the
Congress, while I made it $16,616 upon the increased sub-
scription of four thousand nine hundred arid twenty copies—
if my estimate of the costof press-work is correct, to which
I now invite your attention.
Jtis not asserted that, m the case referred to me, I am
too low in my estimate of the cost ol press-work, but
that inference is left to be drawn from the followingremark
of the Globe: " The principal punting offices in the city—
the Union, the Globe, the Sentinel, and Toweis's—charge
an average of $1 U6 a loken for printing the speeches of
members of Congress, as is proved by th«'ir answers to a
letter written to all of them by the Hon. It. W. Johnson ;
and they take their own time to print them in." Now, the
Globe does not say that, in the case referred to me, the
press-work would cost him more than thuty cents per
token ; but it attempts to create the impression that I have
not only stated what is untrue, but have willfully done so,
else why this question, following immediately the above
quotation : " Now, knowing these facts, how can any man
say, or rather why would, any man say, that the Globe office
can print the pioceedirig* of Congress, which have often to
be piinted in a areat hurry, at a heavy additional expense,
for thirty cents a token, and fold them foi twelve cents a
token ?"
The answers of the Union, the Globe, the Sentinel, and the
Towers'a to the letter of Senator Johnson have no bear-
ing upon the question at i^sue, because the price they would
a«1c for executing a particular job Of press-work m one case,
(such a one, for m&tance, as was put to them,) js no cri-
terion to judge ofthe cost to them of executing some other
job. But I will state a few facts that will throw some light
upon this subject, and enable the committee to draw cor-
rect conclusions.
The proprietor of the Globe is almost daily having
" speeches of members of Congress" printed at one ofthe
offices mentioned (not his own) at fifty cents per roken,
which pays all expenses, and leaves the printer a fair profit.
The proprietor ofthe Globe can make a contract with as
responsible a printing establishment as any in Washington
for the execution of all his pre&s work at fifty cents per
token, clear of all other expense to him.
During the last summer one ofthe offices mentioned was
helping another of them out of a drag" of press-work at
fifty cents per token. It was taken from the office execu-
ting it, and taken to the Globe office to be executed, under
the plea that too much was charged for the pres^work, and
it could bo done cheaper at the Globe ojS'ice.
Well, if fifty cents per token will pay all the expenses of
pres-?-work, and leave a fair profit to the printer, is it unfair
to estimate the net cost at thirty cents, with the explanation
I gave the committee?
But this is not. all. In an investigation which took place
before a committee of Congress m the summer ot 1850,
upon the subject of printing, the following testimony was
elicited, under oath :
77
J. F. Holiday. " I am foreman at the Globe office."
(Mr. H. occupies the same position now.] " The common
price for press-work in this city is fifty cents per tokea of
two hundred and fiity sheets of sixteen pages ; although, if
a mail has the presses, he could make money on a large job
at twenty five cents."—See IJo. Miss. Doc. 55,31st Con%.,
1st Sess., pp. 1 und 5.
George Gordon sworn. " I am pressman at the Union
office." [Mr. G. occupies the same position now.] Press-
work can be done at twenty-fivecents per ream, (ortwelve
and a half cents per token,) and it will realize a small
profit. Take, for instance, our Napier press; it will make
eighteen thousand impressions a day; divide by four hun-
dred and eighty, the number of sheets in a ream, and you
have thirty-seven and a half reams worked offtn a day, at
twenty five cents per ream, is .*9 37(Mr. G. thengoes
on to show the expense of running the press.) You will
see that a profit is rendered instead of a Iojss, though it is
small."—See same doc., pp. 38 rnd (W.
The machinery used in the Globe office, at the time ihe
above testimony was taken, wa« the same as is now used
there. That to which Mr. Gordon refers, it will be per-
ceived, is the Napier press, which is almost entirely dis-
carded foi book work, but almost the only press in use lor
printing newspapers.
There is a mass of testimony in thp document refeired to
ofthesame character as the above, and upon other branches
of the printing business, worth looking into; but not one
iota going to show that the information f furnished at your
request is not truthful, and entirely reliable for all piactical
purposes. " Now, knowing the.se facts, how can any man
say, or lather why would any man say that the Globe office
can fnot] execute press woik for thirty cents a token and
fold them for twelve cents a token particulaily When U
was stated that no allowance was made in this statement
for mteie^t or capital invented.
I regiot exceedingly tin4 necessity which I think exists
for troubling you, gentlemen, with this communication.
My apology must be tound in the fact that I have nothing
to sustain me m the good opinion of iny fellow-citizens but
whatever character 1 may possess I<ir truth and honesty.
I acknowledge jour right to put questions affecting the
public interests to me, and my obligation to answer them
truthfully. And when Jf answer otherwise, or furnish in-
formation the general correctness of which cannot be fully
sustained by competent evidence. I shall deserve and ex-
pect the withdrawal of that confidence of the committee
which I feel proud to believe that I possess.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM TOWERS.
To the Committee on Printing of the Scnatey U. S.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That, sir, is the argu-
ment of Mr. Towers, furnished to the committee
in answer to Mr. Rives's review of the first esti-
mates submitted by him. If, in view of this con-
flict of testimony, the Senate determine that they
are competent to say, without the investigation of
a committee, what is a reasonable compensation
to be allowed, and to fix upon a permanent basis
as to the reporting for this body, let them do so.
I have discharged my duty. 1 have already
mingled in the debate more than I designed to do.
I have done so, however, from the fact tha| the
two honorable gentlemen who were my colleagues
on the committee when this question was submit-
ted to their consideration, are now absent. 1 have
nothing further to do with this matter. I have
already occupied the attention of the Senate more
than 1 designed,and 1 will nowleave thequestion.
I intend to say nothing more about it unless forced
to do so in explanation.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Alabama to the character of
the testimony upon which he is relying. I wish
to refer him to one simple point m it, and then to
ask him if he thinks that he can repose with con-
fidence upon such testimony, much less ask the
Seriate to rely upon it.
It appears, sir, that the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] addressed a letter to Mr. Moore,
and accompanying that letter, he submitted the
estimates of Mr. Rives, and requested him to
review them, and give an opinion upon them. In
place of doing that, Mr. Moore went into calcu-
lations of his own. In giving his opinion upon
one very simple point, it will be found, by refer-
ence to his letter, that he was so far erroneous,
and so far erroneous within his own knowledge,
that it v/ould seem to me we ought to condemn his
whole testimony.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The communication
which has just been read is Mr. Towers's, and not
Mr. Moore's.
Mr. WALKER. I know that; but I am speak-
ing now of the testimony of Mr. Moore; and we
know that the testimony of Mr. Towers is very
euriously corroborated by that of Mr. Moore.
In his calculation, Mr. Moore says, that " §6 40
a column is sufficient for reporting and publishing
the debates in the Daily Globe, and then correct-
ing, altering, and making therh up in book form,
making a second edition^for the Congressional
Globe and Appendix." I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that Mr. Moore,
being the foreman of the Intelligencer office, must
himself have known that that very office had sur-
rendered its contract with the Senate, and refused
to fulfill it when .it was paid $7 50 per column for
the simple publication in the Intelligencer, with-
ou^having to correct, put in book form, and con-
vert it into a second edition. He knew that fact;
Mr. Towers lttiew that fact; every member of the
Senate knew it. Not only did the Intelligencer
do so, but the Union did likewise. 1 have before
me the letter of the proprietors of the Intelligencer
refusing any longer to carry on the contiact at
that pi;ice, because it did not remunerate them;
and yet it is proposed to take the testimony of
their foreman as conclusive on this subject, when
he says that, for all that is done by Mr. Rives,
$6 40 per column is a sufficientcompensation. It
does seem to me that in points so glaring and so
uncontrovertible as these, the man himself has
shown most conclusively that his testimony is not
to be relied upon.
Mr, FIT/PATRICK. I certainly should not
have contested the question before the Senate in
the manner in which 1 have done unless I had the
most implic.it confidence in the estimates furnished
to me by Mr. Towers. I know that gentleman,
but ! have not known him very long. With Mr.
Moore I have a very limited acquaintance; I think
I never saw him but once, and that was a few
hours ago, just as 1 was leaving my room.
Whether Mr. Moore and Mr. Towers agree upon
the isolated question referred to by the Senator or
not I do not undertake to say, for 1 must really
declare to the Senate that I have not minutely ex-
amined the communication of Mr. Moore. It
was elicited by a letter from the then chairman of
the committee, and, although it was placed in my
possession, I filed it among the papers, intending
to review the whole matter before the question'
ultimately came up before the Senate. But if I
had not an abiding faith, and a conscientious
conviction, that these gentlemen, particularly Mr.
Towers, approximated to the truth, I should never
have presented the statements which I have done.
Mr. WALKER. I concede that such is the
impression of the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. . I knew the Senator
meant nothing offensive. I believe that Mr.
Towers himself, though he may not be strictly
correct in regard to every minute item, thinks he
is in the neighborhood of what is right; and I
have confidence in his capacity to come to correct
conclusions.
Mr. WELLER. But will the Senator explain
the point referred to by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Do Mr. Moore and
Mr. Toweis agree on that point?
Mr. WALKER. I do not know to what ex-
tent they agree.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think the Senator
will find that Mr. Towers does not concur in that
statement. They agree in many things, I under-
stand, but not in all.
Mr. WALKER. It will be found that the re-
sults of the calculations of these two gentlemen
are very similar indeed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. On many questions,
they are.
Mr. WALKER. You may take up the points
given in the testimony, one by one, and you will
find that the errors are no more egregious in the
instance which I have given, than they will be
found to be in almost every other. I give this only
as an instance; I do not wish to detain the Senate,
or I could go through all the points made by Mr.
Moore. Mr. Rives, in reviewing the testimony,
says that the statements of Mr. Moore and Mr.
Towers agree more nearly than their relationship;
and the errors are very great in both. The in-
