1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2675
" and the branch Mint at New Orleans." The
error has been called to the attention of the House
by special message from the Senate, The object
of the insertion of these words which I now pro-
pose is merely to place the clerks of the Mint at
New Orleans on the same footing as those in
New York and Philadelphia.
Mr. HOUSTON. The message showing the
error is now on the Speaker's table.. There was
no objection, and the words were inserted.
Mr. CHANDLER demanded tellers on con-
curring in the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Mississippi, and Cox, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-fifth amendment:
Sec.—. Andheitfurther enacted, That all appointment
of clerks and assistants authorized to be employed in the
offices of the assistant treasurers of the United States, and
in the offices of the Mint and branches thereof, and the
assay office in New York, shall respectively be made, with
the approbation of the President, by the assistant treasurer,
directolf superintendent, and treasurers of the Mint and
said branches, and assay office, as the case may be, whose
bonds are held at the Treasury Department in trust for the
proper and faithful performance of iheir respective duties.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for a separate vote on
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-eighth amendment:
Mr. LETCHER. X believe it is not in order
after we pass the one hundred and eighty-ninth
amendment to move tt> lay the amendments upon
the table; and for the purpose of testing theques-
tion, i move to lay the amendments upon the
table; and upon that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the previous question stiil operating.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair as entertaining the motion to lay the amend-
ments of the Senate on the table ?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And that motion carries
the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It does; al! go together. L
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Have we fin-V
ished the amendments ?
The SPEAKER. We have not.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
70, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bocock, Bridges, Brooks, i
Campbell, Chamberlain, Chastain, Churdhwell, Clmgman,
Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dowdell, Dunham, Eddy, John M.Elliott, English, Samp-
son W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hill, Daniel T. Jones,
Keittj^Kittredge, Knox, Lamb, Letcher,Lilly, McCulloch, ■
McMulhn, McNair, Matteson, May, Murray, Norton, Old?,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, John Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, .
Ready, Reese, Rogers, Rowe, Sage, Seward, Shaw, Single- ;
ton,Skelton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. 1
Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Walsh, Elhhu B. Washbtirne, ]
Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zol- i
licoffer—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Ball, Banks,
Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Breckinridge, Bugg, Car-
penter, Caruthers, Caskie, Chandler, Chrisman, Clark,
Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dick, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmand«, !
Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flag- j
ler, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode, Goodrich, j
Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hen- ,
dricks, Henn, Hihbard, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, |
Ingersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones, Kerr, Kid well, Kurtz, i
Latham, Lindsley, Macdonald, McDougall, Mace, Macy,
Maxwell, Mayall, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, !
Morgan, Nichols, Noble, Mordccai Oliver, Orr, Packer, ]
Peckham, Pennington, Phillips, Preston, Pnngle, Puryear, i
Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbing, Rutfin, Rus- '
sell, Sabin, Sapp, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Gerrit .
Smith, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Richard H. !'
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, HestorL. Stevens, Strat-
ton, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,Thurston, Upham, Van- [j
sant. Wade, Walbridge, Walker. Walley, Israel Washburn, j
Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, and West- j]
brook—113. j;
So the House refused to lay the Senate amend-
ments on the table. j1
Pending the call, ||
Mr. SOLLERS gave notice that had he been
within the bar at the time his name was called, he j!
should have voted m the affirmative. j
The Clerk then read the last amendment. h
Mr. HOUSTON. The House made an order
yesterday in relation to " &c." wherever it ap-
pears in the amendments. I do not know that it
is necessary to take any action upon it now; but
1 will move that all of them that occur be stricken
out from the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There were certain amend-
ments recognized by the committee yesterday,
which were sent in to the House after the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. They were not recognized.
The message of the Senate was rejected yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union rejected the propositions contained in the
supplemental amendments. That is the truth of
the case; for the Speaker was in at the time. A
portion of the report of the committee is a rejec-
tion of two supplemental amendments. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The only objection that I
have to this course is, that it will multiply the
amendments between the House and the Senate.
The amendment now proposed to be read was not
entertained by the Chair at all. I made the point
of order myself, and it was ruled by the Chair that
the original text of the bill could not be touched.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will follow the
record.
Mr. HAVEN. I think the course suggested
by the Chair ought to be followed. That is, to
follow the record, and take the question on the
adoption of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just learned
from the Clerk that there is no record in relation
to it. It cannot, therefore, be considered.
Mr. ORR. The message from the Senate was
not considered by the committee.
The question was taken on agreeing to the re-
port of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, in relation to ail those amendments
on which separate votes had not been taken; and
the report was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken, by which the report of
the committee was agreed to, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I demand the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask the House to
take up and refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union the river and harbor bill.
Mr. ORR. 1 object.
RAILROADS IN ALA.BAMA.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion now
pending to suspend the rules. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] has moved to suspend
the rules, to enable him to report the following
bill:
A bill granting to the State of Alabama public
lands in alternate sections to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads from Mobile to Girard, from
Selma to or near Gunter's Landing, with branches i
from or near Gadsden, through Wills and Chat- |
tanooga valleys to the eastern State line of Ala-
bama; from Memphis to a point intersecting the :
Nashville, Chattanooga, and Charleston railroad, 1
at or near Stephenson, Alabama; from Beard's
bluff, via Elyton and Tuscaloosa, to some point
on the Mobile and Ohio railroad, and from Mont-
gomery to the northern State line of Alabama, via
Decatur and Athens, in said State.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. COBB called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Barksdale were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported ayes sixty-eight, not two thirds of a quo-
rum.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. ORR. I demand the regular order of bus-
iness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order ©^busi-
ness is on a motion to discharge the Commitj^e on
the Post Office and Post Roads^from the further
consideration of certain memorials.
EXTRA PRINTING.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
privileged question. I have a report from the
Committee on Printing, which I desire to make.
I believe that committee have the right to report
at any time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in order.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following resolu-
tion :
jResolved, That there be printed ten thousand extra copies
of the annual report of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, including the minority report upon the
distribution of the fund—seven thousand copies for distri-
bution by the members of this House, and three thousand
for the use of the institution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay
that resolution upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I am also instructed by the
same committee to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of the re-
port of the special committee raised upon the guano trade,
be printed for distribution by the members of this House.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ORR. Has the morning hour commenced ?
The SPEAKER. It has commenced.
Mr. MURRAY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 desire to report back from the Committee
on Printing Senate bill " to provide for the pay-
ment of the printing of the returns of the Seventh
Census, and for the paper purchased for said print-
ing. " The subject of the bill was provided for in
the deficiency bill. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MURRAY. 1 also desire to report back
the resolutions which have been referred to the
Committee on Printing:
For printing extra copies of Andrews's Report.
For printing twenty-five thousand copies of
Scott's Infantry Tactics.
For printing extra copies of the Alphabetical
List of Private Claims.
The committee report adversely; and I move
that the resolutions be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the adverse reports from
the Committee on Printing were laid upon the
table, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. *
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the river and harbor bill,
for the purpose of moving its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I do so in order to facilitate the reference of other
bills, to which objection will be made, unless the
course I have suggested be pursued.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 move to suspend the rules,
then, in order that it may be taken up for the pur-
pose I have indicated.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—yeas 99, nays
76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Banks, Bell, Bennett,
Benson, Bliss, Bncg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Ciiurchwell,CJaik, Cook, Coi win,
Cox, Crocker. Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Witt,
Dick, Dunbar, Eastman. Eddy, Edgerton, Edmunds. Thom-
as D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,
: Florence, Giddings, Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan,
1 Harrison, Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe. Hughe*. Johnson,
Kerr,Knox, Lindsley, McCulloch,McDougall. Mace, Mat-
! teson, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Nichols, Nor-
i ton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pemung-
! ton, Preston, Pringle, Puryear. Ready, Reese, Richardson,
: David Rirchie, Robbing, Rogers, Russell, Sahin, Sage,
i Sapp, Seward, Shower, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, George
| W.Smyth, Sollers, Andrew Stuart, John L. Tavlor, Na-
1 thaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Upham. Vansant,
t Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wa-hburn,
| Well*, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentwoith, Wheeler,
. and Zollicoffer—99.
| NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
1 Willis Alien, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry,
j Belcher, Boeoek, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caskie, Chastain,
! Chrisman, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craiue, Curtis, John
; G. Davis, Disney, Dowdell, John M. Elliott, Faulkner,
! Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Grow. Sampson W. Harris, Hen-
: docks, Hibbard, DarnelT Jones, George W. Jones, Roland
j Jones Keitt, Kitlredge, Kurtz.Lamb, Letcher. Lilly, Me-
I Muitin, Macy, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Million,
Morrison, Murray, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr,Packer, John
| Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt. Rowe, Ruilin, Shannon,
Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, Richard H.
| Stanton, Hes-tor L. Stevens, Si ration, David Stuart, John J.
j Tavlnr, Twei'd, Walbridge, WaUh, Westhrook, Daniel B.
I Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—76.
