1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«oy
as vessels departing for foreign places from New
Orleans, by way of the Mississippi river.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time, and
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PISH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill to prevent un-
necessary delays in the unlading of cargoes ar-
riving from foreign ports;, which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution submitted by
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] di-
recting John C. Rives to furnish an additional
number of the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix, have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment. I ask for its consideration at this
time.
Objection was made, as the morning business
was not disposed of; so the resolution lies over,
under the rules.
PORTRAITS OP THE PRESIDENTS.
Mr. FISH offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to: '
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be directed
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing, for the use of
the Executive mansion, a series of portraits of the first five
Presidents of the United States, painted by Gilbrit Stuart
for the late Colonel George Gihbs, and now in the possession
of Ins family.
STEAM CONDENSERS.
Mr. BENJAMIN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
communicate to the Senate what action, if any, has been
taken by his Department under that clause of the naval ap-
propriation bill of the 31st of August, 1852, which author-
izes the Secretary of the Navy " to apply steam condensers
to one or more of the steam vessels belonging to the United
State-:, for furnishing fresh water to marine boiler's, and for
the use of the crew," together with all information m his
possession on the subject-matter of this resolution.
RICHARD M. YOUNG.
The resolution directing the payment of $974 20
to Richard M. Young, for his services as special
commissioner for the investigation of charges
against the Hon. Alexander Ramsey, was read a
third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. It was understood that the
resolution which I offered some time ago, instruct-
ing the Committee on Commerce to report a river
and harbor bill, was to have been voted upon yes-
terday. I move that the Senate now proceed to
consider that resolution.
Mr. FOOT. With the leave of the Senator
from Michigan, I will ask that the bill which was
ordered to be engrossed yesterday may now have
its third reading.
Mr. STUART. I yield to the Senator from
"Vermont in that particular, although lam anxious
to have my resolution considered; and therefore I
withdraw my motion. /
INDIGENT INSANE. V
The engrossed bill making a grant of the public
lands to the several States and Territories of the
Union for the benefit of indigent insane persons,
was read a third time.
The PRESIDENT. The question is,   Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, this bill, as I
understand it, is a departure, a very great depar-
ture, from any previous policy, varied as that
policy has been, m regard to the public lands. I
am free to confess that it is somewhat difficult to
resist the appeal which has been made to the Sen-
ate upon this subject, because it is addressed only
to the sensibilities of the Senate. Now, sir, in the
former dispositions of the public lands, varied as
I have said they have been, I am not aware that
any disposition has been made of them, but with
some regard to political considerations.
The public lands have formed a most disturbing
element in the councils of the nation for many
years The disposition which has been made of
them has gone far, in my judgment, to unhinge
the Constitution and all constitutional action.
There is now a bill depending, as we are aware,
which will probably be before us—a bill which
has heretofore been before the Senate—to give
these lands away—to give them away to the first
comers, whether they be citizens or foreigners.
Even that bill has some political considerations
connected with it, because it is said, and properly
said, that when you invite settlers into a wilder-
ness and give them a portion of the land, the im-
provements which they will make will more than
remunerate the Government for the gratuity, in
the appreciation of the adjacent lands. There is,
then, some pretext, at least a political considera-
tion, which might lead to the passage of such a
bill.
Then there is another class of bills, several of
which passed the Senate the other day, because it
was idle to object to them on the part of those who
think as 1 do that it is an improvident, if not an
unconstitutional disposition; £ mean the class of
bills giving the public lands to railroad companies,
or to States to construct railroads. Buj. even
there, again, there is to be found some political
element, or some shade of a political element, be-
cause of the alleged appreciation of the lands
through which these roads will pass.
But, sir, what is this bill? Has it any such
element connected with it at all ? Is it addressed
to any other considerations than to those which
are purely moral ? Is it a bill which makes the
Federal Government the grand almoner of the
States, and gives them the lands, not for political
purposes, but to be used altogether in charity?
If there be one consideration which can be urged
by any advocate of this bill, except thatit is char-
itable to pass it, I am at a loss to know what that
consideration is.
Sir, the bill proposes that you shall give these
public lands according to a stated ratio among the
States, to endow hospitals for the maintenance and
cure, if they be curable, of a certain class of pa-
tients—the indigent insane. Now, sir, i put it to
the Senate, and through the Senate I hope I shall
put it to the country, if it is competent for Con-
gress to constitute itself an almoner for the States,
and distribute charity for the benefit of the indigent
insane, is it not equally competent for Confess
to take charge of the poor of the States? What
earthly difference is there between the two cases?
Why should we not just as well strike out " in'
sane" from the bill and give these lands to the
States for their " indigent "—then* poor, whether
insane or not? The principle is entiiely the same.
And if we can give land to the States to maintain
their poor, I ask you, sir, what department in the
police of the States is there which this Govern-
ment may not invade, and take from the control of
the States; and may they not administer the police i
regulations of the States at their pleasure ? This
bill is an entering wedge.
Sir, what right have we to do this ? In what
relation does this Government stand to the public
lands? Is it in the relation of an owner, to dis-
pose of them at the caprice or the pleasure of the
Congress, for the time being; or does it hold them
as a trust, to be administered as a trust, and treated
as a trust? Why, if we may give lands for the
benefit of the indigent insane, what limit can you
place upon the power of disposing of the public
property?
Sir, the bill requires of the States that they shall
treat these lands, and the proceeds of their sales,
as a sacred fund, and administer it exclusively for
the support of one class of charities; and the ar-
gument addressed to us is, that the indigent insane
are a class of our fellow-beings who appeal more
strongly to our sensibilities than any other class
of our fellow-citizens; and that is the whole argu-
ment. It is, that they are a ela-js of our fellow-
beings, who, because of their condition, being de-
prived of reason, appeal more strongly toour sen-
sibilities than any other class; and, therefore, it is
incumbent—to do what? On Congress to interfere
for their relief and for their support. Why is it |:
more incumbent on Congress to interfere for them !■
than for any other class, I care not what it may '
be? I admit that if we can maintain an argument !i
addressed to our sensibilities, these people are
more deserving the care and protection of the Gov-
ernment than any other class; but you must at
last solve the question whether the Government
has authority to interfere for any class; and if it
has not authority to interfere for one, it certainly
has not for another.
Now, sir, is notthis that sickly sentimentality
which was so properly and so appropriately ex-
posed here on this floor, the other day, by my
friend from the State of South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler?] Cannot the States take care of their
poor, whether theyare insane or merely indigent ?
Is it not the duty of the States to take care of
their poor, and are they not now doing it? I am
not aware that there is a State in the Union—al-
though there may be—which has not, in the dis-
charge of its appropriate duty, provided hospitals
for this class of patients, as tne States provide
poor-houses for tnose who are unable to work.
If there be any State where this duty is neg-
lected, it has been neglected not because of want
of ability in the State itself, but on account of
want of inclination. And what are we to do?
We are to give a fund to those who do not want
it, or to those who will misuse it; for, my word
for it, if I know anything of human nature, there
is not a State in the Union which has felt it an
obligation on itself to provide for the indigent in-
sane, which will not do it at their own will, en-
tirely independent of this gratuity; and if thece
be a State in the Union which has not done it, it
will neglect the fund and allow it to be depredated
upon, and to rust away.
I am very much concerned at the necessity
which requires of me, against the sensibilities of
my own nature, to oppose such a bill. I have been
strongly and importunately addressed from other
quarters, in reference to this bill; and if I could
yield what I consider a public duty, to indulge the
emotions of my own heart, I should not be here
to oppose it. But when I know that there is not
one argument addressed to us to pass the bill, ex-
cept such as would constitute the Government a
great almoner for the States, for one I am not at
liberty to vote for it.
Sir, it would be a dangerous precedent; an ex-
ceedingly dangerous one. If the Constitution au-
thorizes that disposition of the public property, 1
defy the wit of man to say in what form it may
not be taken.
You may throw it as a largess among the peo-
ple; you may place it under the control of an as-
pirant for political power, through his party or
his friends, to use it to make a gratuity; until you
bring the American people into the condition of the
Romans when they looked to their Government
only for two things—for bread, and for the games
of the circus; a state demoralizing to the public
morals.
While the question presents in the attractive
guise of a charity—a charity for a class of people,
who, unfortunately, most need it—you are setting
a precedent which will unsettle and unhinge every
condition or feature of the trust in reference to
the public domain. I desire only to express my
opinion on the bill, so that if it passes, they may
go upon the record with the bill. I desire that
whatever name I may leave behind me as a states-
man, may not be in any way coupled or con-
nected with a bill which constitutes the Govern-
ment the almoner of the States, in the disposal of
a charity. I trust—though I hardly think it—that
it will be the pleasure of the Senate to reject the
bill.
Mr. WALKER. When this bill was before-
the Senate at a former period, I voted against it.
I shall vote for it now, and for the reason thatthe
objections which I heretofore entertained to the
bill, have been obviated by the changed form given
to it by the Committee on Public Lands. When
this bill first made its appearance, as f understood
it, and 1 believe it was conceded that it was prop-
erly so understood, it would have given the right
to one State to be the proprietor of the soil in
another State. To that I could notgive my assent.
When that objection was obviated, the rule by
which the distribution was to be made I could
not assent to. I think now that that objection
has been obviated, and I cannot make any dis-
tinction between the bill as it stands, proposing an
appropriation of land for these purposes, and that
which has been done by this Government from
its foundation to the present moment. If there be
any difference, I should be pleased if the Senator
from Virginia would point it out. I cannot dis-
cover any difference in principle between this a:rant
and those which have been made from the founda-
tion of the Government for school purposes. Now,
we know that cotemporaneously with the forma-
tion of the Constitution, the policy of granting
