me
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. SKjELTON. I ask unanimous consent to
i&ke up and pass Senate bill (No. 393) " for the
better preservation of lifeand property from vessels
shipwrecked on the coast oftheUnited States."
Mr.,COBB. It is too late in thejession to take
up matters of such consequence, and, therefore, I
object.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to suspend the rules
for the-purpose I have indicated. The bill makes
no appropriation at all.
The question was taken; and the [louse refused
to suspend the rules.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the House do
now proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JOJs ES, of Tennessee. Is that motion now
in order ?
The SPEAKER, iiobjected to, it is not.
* Mr. WASHBURN, of'Maine. I object.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to submit that motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the expiration of the
morning hour, could nota majority go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It could. The business in
order is the consideration of the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Jones,] to dis-
charge the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads from the further consideration of certain
memorials, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his motion to suspend the
rules, and wait until the expiration of the morning
hour to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. WHEELER. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will insist on his motion.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask that the question be put
on my motion.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 81, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abercromble, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barksdaie, Barry, Belcher, Benton, Bliss, Boyce,
Breckinridge, Chamberlain, Chandler, Clark, Clingman,
Oobb, Colquitt, Cook, John (1. Davis, Dawson, Disney,
IfovvdtU, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edjzerton,
Edmundeon, Eliispn, English. Faulkner, Florence, Goode,
Sfunpgon W« Harris, Wiley r. Harris, Hendricks, Ht nn,
Hibbard, Houston, Johnson, Roland Jones.Keitt> Kidwel),
kamb, Latham, Letcher, Mncdonald, MeDouealKMcMui-
lin, Macy, Maxwol), M&yall, John C. Miller, Smith Miller,
Olds, ftTnrdecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Print, Richardson, Rowe, Ruffin, Shan-
non, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, William R. Smith, George
W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Stwns, David
Htuart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Walbridge/Wcst-
brook, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck B. Wright—81.
NAYS—Mesars. Aikun,Appleton,Ba!l, Banks, Bennett,
Bridges, Buggf, Carpenter, Caskio, Chastain, Chrisinan,
Churchwell, Corwin, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Culiom, Cum-
ming, Thomas Davis, Dick, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot,
Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Gamble, Goodrich, Crow, Aaron
Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones. Kerr, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz,
Lindsley, McCulloch, Mcwair, McQueen, Matteson, Mau-
rice, MilJson, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
i'eck, Peekham, Pennington, Preston, Pringle, Puryear,
Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Rogrrs, Russell, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Seward, Simmon1?, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William
Hmith. Richard A. Stanton, Stratton, John L. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Uphani, Vail, Vanxant,
Walley, Waleh, EIHhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zol-
Hcoffer~8C.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HUGHES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
RewlKtil) That the President be requested to lay before
t-ongress, at its next session, it consistent with the public
interests, such information as may be in the possession of
the War Department, touching the cause of any difficulties
which may have arisen between the Creek and Seminole
Indians, since their removal west of the Mississippi; to-
gether with the number of Seminole or other Indians who
nave left the country assigned them ; and whether they, or
any of them, have be**"     * ■-
jwsople of the United
any of them, baves been engaged in hostilities against the
1 States since leaving our Territory.
PENSION AND BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. 1 am instructed by
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions to re-
pott to the House the following joint resolution;
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
purchase, out of the contingent fund, for the use of its
members, twenty-two thousand copies, and that the Secre-
tary of the Senate be directed to purchase copies, for
the use of its members, of the Digest of the Pension and
Bounty Land Laws, prepared by F. F. C Tripplet: Pro-
vided, That said work shall be printed on paper equal in
quality to that on which the Opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral are printed: Jlnd jrrovided further, That the same shall
not cost more than $165 per copy.
Mr, WALSH. I object.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I move a suspension
of the rules, that I may be allowed to report the
resolution.
| Mr. LETCHER. Must not that resolution go
! to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It has not been received
yet; but it is competent for the gentleman to move
to suspend the rule which requires the resolution
to go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I have a letter from
the Commissioner of Pensions on the subject,
which I ask may be read.
; TCries of " Object!"]
j The joint resolution was then received, under a
j suspension of the rules, and was read a first and
I second time.
| Mr. CHURHWELL. I ask the unanimous
j consent of the House to have a letter from Mr.
Waldo, the Commissioner of Pensions, read.
There being;no objection, the letter was read, as
follows:
Pension Office, July 12,1854.
Sm : You have asked my opinion in regard to tlie compi-
lation of the Pension and Bounty Land Laws, Decisions of
Secretaries, and Opinions of Attorneys General, now being
made by F. F. C. Tripplet, Esq., ol this city. I have exam-
ined several parts of this work, and have had a general
view of the whole, and 1 do not hesitate to say that
the compilation, when completed, will Im of great merit
and usefulness. It presents the various pension laws in
such an aspect as to give something of form and symmetry
to our pension system, and will make the administration
of those Jaws more intelligible. It is, in short, just such a
I work as the wants of the public demand, and should be
: generally distributed. I think it deserves the patronage of
I Congress. No member can serve his constituents better
■ than to place this work within then" reaeh. This will
enable tliera to understand their rights, and to prosecute
them without troubling their Representative, as is now the
general practice Itwiilalso greatly facilitate the trans-
action of business ill this bureau, and make it more uni-
form. I would commend this matter to your favorable con-
sideration, and remain your obedient seivant,
L. P. WAI.DO, Commissioner.
Hon. Wm, M. Chorchwell.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I demand the pre-
vious queation upon the engrossment of the reso-
lution.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, there were, upon a division—ayes 64, noes
37; no quorum voting.
Mr. CHURCHWELL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Lilly, and Jones of
! Louisiana, were appointed.
j The question was taken; and the tellers reported
! —ayes 81, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
| Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order now to move
to refer this resolution to the Committee on Print-
ing?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, for the
reason that the demand for the previous question
has been seconded.
; The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to lay that joint res-
| olution on the table.
1 Mr. LETCHER. And on that motion I ask
j for the yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Millson's
| motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
| 67, nays 88; as follows:
; YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Barksdale, Barry,
] Bocock, Boyce, Caskie, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Oolquitt,
! Cook, John G. Davis, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham,Eastman,
| Edmands, Edmundsun, Thomas D. Elliot, English, Farley,
. Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Greenwood, Haven, Hendricks,
Houston, Daniel T. Junes, Georg-- VV. Jones, Roland Jones,
i Keitt, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Latham, Letcher,Linda-
I ley, .Vlacdonald, McMullin, McQueen, May, Mayalt, Mill-
! soil, Morgan, Nichols, Parker, Phillips, Powell, Puryear,
1 David Ritchie, Kobbins, Rogers, Ruffin, Sabin, Seward,
j Shaw, Skelton, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Van-
I sant, Walbridge, Walsh, Wheeler, and Hendriek B.
Wnght*67.
er, Culiom, Thomas Davis, Dick, Disney, Edgerton, John
M. Elliott, Ellison, Everhart, Fenton, Flagler, Florence.
Goodrich, Green, Henn, Howe, Kerr, Knox, Lamb, Lilly,
McCulloch, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maurice, Morrison,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Pen-
nington, John Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, Preston, Pringle,
Ready, Reese, Riddle, Rowe, Russell, Sage, Sapp, Shan-
non, Singleton, Gerrit Smilll, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Hester L. Stevens, John J. Taylor, Thurston,
Trout, Up 1mm, Vail, Wade, Bllihu B.^Washburne, Wells,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworlli, Weatbrook, and
Daniel B. Wright—88.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I call for the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not this
resolution make an appropriation? It seems to
me it does, and at the rate of $36,300.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the resolution.
The resolution was accordingly read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no such
fund as is referred to in the contingent fund.
The SPEAKER. Then there is no appropria-
tion made by the resolution. *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Ia that proposition
up for action ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about stat-
ing the business before the committee, and reply-
ing to the question of order raised by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that, in his opinion, the bill
contains an appropriation, and that, under the
rules, it must be referred. The Chair overrules
the objection made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. The bill proposes to appropriate the
money out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. JONES. What has the House to do with
the Senate's contingent fund?
The SPEAKER. It is a resolution which the
House has a riffht to pass, if it choosea to do so.
Mr. FULLER, if this is a resolution for the
republication of laws, should it not go to the
Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It is a joint resolution,
having the force of a law, according to the de-
cision of those who have gone before me. It au-
thorizes the purchase of books. It is a law of
Congress which we are about to pass.
Mr. LETCHER. Will there be any extra
cost for binding these books ?
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine.
4 Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that there is.
  Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know if that part
of the resolution which applies to the Senate does
not make an appropriation ? I would like to have
the resolution read again.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The resolution provides for
the buying of certain books, to be printed at$l 65
a copy, and paying for them out of the contingent
fund of the House. It does not, according to the
rule, appropriate money. The Chair, therefore,
overrules the question of order raised by th«gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire that the
gentleman shall so amend his resolution as to pro-
vide that these books shall be bound.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I have no objection
to that. I accept the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot ac-
cept the amendment, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I ask the consent of
the House to make a few observations in refer-
ence to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. Mr.
I Triplett is not going to sell hia book in sheets. It
| is not a book until it is bound.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Tennessee
be allowed to modify his resolution ?
Mr. JONES. I object; and move to lay the
[ resolution upon the table.
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I submit that that
I motion is not in order. It has been once made
j and voted down by the House.
| The SPEAKER. The resolution has since
been ordered to be engrossed and read a third
; time,
i Mr. JONES. I ask the yeas and naya upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was then taken; and it waa de-
