508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
lands absolutely to the States for educational pur-
poses obtained 
A Senator. Individually, to the land States.
Mr. WALKER. I will come to that presently.
That policy has been continued to the admission
of the last State into the Union; and I venture to
say that no State will be admitted, in which there
is public lands, but where the same policy will be
observed and pursued.
It is said, however, that these grants for educa-
tional purposes, were not to the States generally,
but to the States individually, in which public
lands were found. Why, sir, that is more objec-
tionable than that to which the Senator from Vir-
ginia now seems to object. That was a partial
gratuity. Those lands for educational purposes
were given to the individual States; and yet it is
claimed that the public lands are the patrimony of
all the States; and now, when this bill—the first
bill, I believe, which has ever been before Con-
gress proposing to make an equitable and equal
distribution of this patrimony among the whole
of the States—is before us, it is objected to, while
individual appropriations of lands to the States,
for agricultural purposes, have been passed silent-
ly, and acquiesced in, by the gentlemen who now
make this objection.
I think the argument, in the sense in which the
Senator from Virginia makes it, would obtain,
much more strongly to the policy which the Gov-
ernment has pursued of granting these lands to
States for agricultural purposes than it would ob-
tain as against the bill for this grant.
Believing, then, that there is nothing in the bill
which will allow or permit an infraction by one
State, of the sovereignty over the soil of another
•State, and believing that the ratio of distribution
is an equitable and just one, I can vote for the bill
as it stands at present, whereas 1 could not do so
before.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if we can dis-
tribute the proceeds of the public lands, or the
public lands themselves, generally, among the
States, for the benefit of the insane, I cannot see
for my life why we may not distribute them for
every other purpose. I had supposed that one of
the great principles on which the Democratic party
rested; one of the issues upon which it had been
accustomed heretofore to do battle, was, that it
was improper, and, as many believed, unconsti-
tutional, for this Government to distribute the
proceeds of the public lands among the States.
Now, how can you deny that power, or that pro-
priety, if you pass such a bill as this? For my-
self, 1 would rather vote for a bill which would
distribute, upon some equitable proportion,among
the States generally, the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, than pass a bill like this, which
admits the power and the propriety; and, in addi-
tion to that, pursues the fund into the hands of
the States, and undertakes to say how far they
shall administer their municipal affairs; how they
shall apply the fund to the matter of taking care
of the insane.
But the Senator from Wisconsin says that we
have heretofore granted school sections—to whom ?
Why, sir, to the new States, to States which
agreed, when admitted into the Union, that, for a
certain length of time, they would not tax the land
sold by the United States, nor the land of the
United States itself. There was some considera-
tion for that; it was founded upon a differentprm-
ciple. If this rests upon any principle whatever,
it goes to the entire length of there being a just
demand on the part of the States for the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the lands among them. It
would do a greatdeal more good to the States, and
be a much better measure than this, to distribute it
in that way. Sir, I deny that, we ought to be
bound by precedents which gentlemen may quote
herein regard to particular cases—-such precedents
as that quoted by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] when the two Houses, probably under
some sudden impulse of humanity, some eloquent
appeals to their benevolence, may have been in-
duced to depart, in my opinion, from the true
spheres of their duties, and sometimes from that
of their constitutional powers.
I admit that he did refer to precedents, in re-
gard to which there was as little propriety in in-
terfering, as there will be in this case. But it is
to be recollected that in every case, they came up
under just such a specious appeal as does this
bill—an appeal to our humanity and our benevo-
lent feelings; and allow me to say, that there is
always danger when we resort to this sort of sen-
timental legislation, and agree to bury all consid-
erations of our obvious and long-settled policy,
and banish reason and the Constitution from the
view, in order to gratify some such feeling as this.
The feeling itself, sir, I admit, is highly com-
mendable; but if, by indulging it, it should lead to
a departure from just principles of legislation, it
will be found that we injure more than we benefit.
For one, I am against it.
Mr. STUART. I have been listening with some
little attention to the Senators from Virginia, to
see what arguments were to be brought to bear
against this proposition. Something has been said,
sir, in respect to its unconstitutionality; but I be-
lieve neither of those gentleman has undertaken to
point out wherein it is unconstitutional. The Sen-
ator from Virginia, who first addressed the Senate,
[Mr. Mason,] seemed to think that it might do,
under peculiar circumstances—although I under-
stood him to say it never would be-very satisfac-
tory to him—to make a distribution of the public
lands which involved political considerations, but
that it would not do to make a disposition of them
which involved moral considerations only.
Now, sir, I can very readily discover the dis-
tinction which is sought to be got up, but I con-
fess my entire inability to understand what par-
ticular practicability there is in that distinction.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me to
put him a question?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. Does he believe that there is
a constitutional power in this Government to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the States?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir—I do, I do; and inas-
much as the Senator has put that question to me,
I will answer it in its details now. The Demo-
cratic party heretofore has asserted that it was
not proper to distribute the proceeds of the public
lands; and they have contended against it. That
party, however, has asserted, time and again, that
it was proper to graduate the price of the public
lands; and, sir, these same principles, advocated,
perhaps, by the same Senators, if not by others
entertaining them, have been interposed to pre-
vent it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have never done so.
Mr. STUART. Doubtless the Senator speaks
his own sentiments. I speak of all those who op-
pose these questions. They have refused to grad-
uate the price of the public lands. They have
steadily refused to permit the States in which they
lie to tax them. They will hold them at a dollar
and a quarter an acre, whether they are worth
that, or whether they are worth twenty-five cents;
and the States in which they lie have no power
over them, not even to tax them. What is the
consequence? It is, that the new States remain,
in these respects, unsettled. The old States, in
the other House of Congress, hold the power,
and they execute that power with a spirit of des-
potism. Here, in this body, where the States are
equal, the new States have their proper respect in
this regard, as well as theirproper representation;
but reach the other House, where the old States
hold the balance of power, and you cannot pass
one measure which looks like justice towards the
new States.
TheSenator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] throws
out an intimation against the bill giving away
lands, he says, to actual settlers. Sir, 1 am for that
lull; 1 am for that principle; and if there be a man
in this country who can show any good reasons
against it, 1 will hear him by the fortnight with
the utmost pleasure. What does this Govern-
ment wish? What are its true interests? What
are the true interests of the States in which the
lands he? To have settlement, people—moral,
upright, Christian citizens of the United States.
It is men that give strength to a country, and not
land.
Sir, I am for that bill, and itcannot be made too
liberal in its provisions to suit me. I am for this
bill; and if the Senator had answered the distinc-
tion drawn by the Senator from Wisconsin, he
would have done what I conceive it to be impos-
sible for any Senator upon this floor to do. There
was a time, I concede to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, when the States agreed, upon coming into
the Union, not to tax the lands sold within a given
time—five years; but we have sat here for the last
six weeks and heard arguments—and none more
able than that made by the Senator himself—seek-
ing to show that Congress has no power to put
any such limitation upon a State.
Sir, I think myself that there are some opinions
that have been put forth that will come back to
plague the inventors; but the Senator did argue _
that when a State was admitted into this Union,
it must be admitted in all respects upon an equal
footing with every other State. Now, can South
Carolina and Virginia tax the lands which belong
to individuals in those States? Has Congress,
then, the power to fix upon a new State an inhibi-
tion, as a fundamental condition on her coming
into the Union, that she shall not tax the lands of
individuals for five years ? If it can, it can affix it
for fifty years; it can affix it for ninety-nine years;
it can fix it forever. I belong to another school of
opinion. 1 think it can. I think that the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States are the su-
preme law of the land. I think that when a State
is admitted into the Union, whatever fundamental
constitution you affix upon her admission, is the
supreme law of the land. Why? Because it is
a condition affixed respecting a right that Con-
gress alone possesses—a right to admit new States
into the Union. They are admitted by a law of
Congress; It passes both Houses; it is approved
by the President like any other law. It is a clear
exercise of an authority which you alone can pos-
sess. And, sir, you are your.own judges of what
that law should be. Then I would say to the
Senator that it is many years since any such con-
sideration existed. Indiana, if 1 recollect right,
was the last State admitted into this Union upon
any such condition. There may have been others.
Michigan came in with no such limitation; Wis-
consin came in with none such; Iowa with none
such.' We in Michigan had a right to tax the
lands of individuals from the moment we were
admitted into the Union.
Mr. HUNTEft. Have you the right to tax
the land of the United States?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; but we have the right
to tax the land of individuals. The condition
fixed upon the States prior to that time was, that
they could not tax puolic lands sold to individ-
uals for five years after they were sold. That
was the condition, and that is the condition which
we lived up to; but now it is no such thing. Con-
gress grants the sixteenth section, and to the
States that have been admitted lately they grant
the thirty-sixth section also—two sections in every
township—for the purpose of common schools.
They give not less than seventy-two sections to a
State for the purposes of a university. I would
like to know the distinction, upon constitutional
principles, between that case and this. If there
is any, I am unable to see it.
But, Mr. President, I subscribe to the reason
that is assigned for the passage of this bill. It
appeals to my sympathies; it appeals to my heart
as well as my head; and while I intend that my
head shall, to a proper extent, regulate my heart,
I never do intend that my head shall act much
without my heart.
In conclusion, Mr. President, I will say, with-
out going into any lengthy remarks upon the sub-
ject, that the bill has been carefully drawn m all
respects, asj* think. It underwent,certainly, a most
rigid investigation in the Committee on Public
Lauds. Several suggestions which emanated from
me were adopted by the committee; so that in no
event can this fund be diverted; so that the States
in which no public lands lie cannot become owners
of public lands in the State where they do lie.
They cannot divert the fund. And if there is any
fraud practiced in disposing of the scrip, there is
an express provision in the bill that no patent
shall issue for the land on which that scrip shall
be located. Everything has been done by this
bill which, it seems to me, can be done to secure the
funds for the objects intended. Is that new? The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] complains
of this part of the bill. He says that he prefers
a distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
rather than such a bill as this, because it follows
the fund into the hands of the State and controls
its disposition. The same thing is true of school
lands and university lands. Will Congress make
a donation and institute a fund for a State, and not
secure the proper appropriation of that fund ? Will
they leave it to the whim of anybody? Never.
It is secured in every bill that 1 know .anything
