1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2077
cided in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 67; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Appleton, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bo-
cock, Brooks, Bugg, Caskie, Chrisman, Clark, Clingman,
Cobb, Colquitt, John G. Davis, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy,
Edmonds, Thomas D. Eliot, English, Parley, Puller. Gam
b!e, Giddings, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Sampson w. Harris. Wiley P. Harris, Haven, Hendricks,
Hibbard, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox, Letcher,
Lindsley, Macdonatd, McMullin, McQueen, May, Mayall,
M Hson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Olds, An-
drew Oliver, Packer, Pennington, Phillips, Powell, Pur-
year, Ready, David Ritchie, Ruffin, Shaw, Singleton,
Skelton, Gerrit Smith,George W. Smyth, Andrew Stuart,
Nathaniel ®. Taylor, Vansant, Wade, Walbridue, Walsh,
Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B.Wright, and ^oliicoffer
—81 •
NAYS—Messrs. Willig Allen, Banks, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Breckinridge, Bridges, Campbell, Carpenter, Ca
ruthers, Chamberlain, Chastain, Churchwell, Cook, Cor-
win, Cox, Crocker, Dick, Disney, Eastman, Edgerton,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, Everhart, Fenton, Florence,
Goodrich, Green, Harrison, Henn, .Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lilly, McCulloch, McNair, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Mau-
rice, Norton, Mordecai < 'liver, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Pratt,
Preeton, Pringle, Riddle, Robbing, Rowe, Russell, Sapp,
Seward, Shannon, William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H.St&nton, H^tor L Stevens, John J. Taylor,
Trout, Upham, Vail, Ellinu B. Washburne, Wells, Tappan
Wentwortii,and Westbrook—67.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Mesgrs. Appleton, Banks, Bennett, Benson,
Carpenter, Ohrisman, Corwin, Craige, Crocker, Cullom,
Thomas Davis, Dick, Dunbar, Edgerton, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Goode,
Goodrich, Grow, Wiley P. Harris, Haven, Hunt, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Kerr, Kiuredge, Knox, Larab,
Lilly, Lindsley, McMullin, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Powell, Preston, Prin-
tle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Robbing, Rowe, Ruffin, Sabin,
age, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton,
Gerrit Smith, William Smith, Richard H Stanton, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Upham. Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walker,
Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, John
Wentworih, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Hendrick B.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Wilhs Alien, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Belcher, Bo-
cock, Bridge?, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chas-
tain, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cook,
Dawson, Disaey, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Ed-
mands, English, Faulkner, Florence, Gamble, Green,
Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Hendricks, Henn,
^ i WICrllWtMAlj riatUii naflau, netrUbullj XI CUfJ TJU tl-S, CldJli,
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved that the 'I S\b^rdlfH°,ust01?i H^we' ^)and i?nes'*;ei& Kidye >
. . i • , . , i-j . { . Ilurtz, MacdonaWl. Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May, John
vote by which the resolution was laid on the table 1 -    -- - • -• ■-
be reconsidered, and that the motion to reconqjder
#be laid upon the table; which latter motion was
2
■f
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee oil Enrolled '
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the follow- I
ing titles; which were signed by the Speaker: '
An act to relinquish the reversionary interest of j
the United States to a certain reservation therein j
mentioned, and to confirm the title of Charles G. .
Gunter; >
An act to constitute Tuscumbia, in the State of ;
Alabama, a port of delivery, and for other pur- ;
poses;
An act to provide for the accommodation of the ,
courts of the United States in the district of Mas- j
sachusetts, and in the cities of New York and 1
Philadelphia; and
An act granting the right of way over the depot
grounds on the military reserve at Fort Gratiot, in
the State of Michigan, to Port Huron and Lake
Michigan Railroad Company.
COMPENSATION TO A COMMITTEE CLERK,
Mr. PHILLIPS. I offer the following resolu
tion:
Resolved, That the clerk to the Committee on Terri-
tories be, and he is hereby, allowed the usual per diem,
compensation received by clerks of committees, for such
time as he may have served on such committee, over and
above the time specified in the resolution employing said
cierk.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The business in order be-
fore the body is the consideration of the motion
to discharge the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads from the further consideration of cer-
tain memorials, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. It was progress-
ing when the House suspended all rules to take
up the joint resolution on which we have been
acting. It is now morning.
Mr. ORR. Is it not more than an hour since
the Chair stated the morning hour had com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It is an hour and a half.,
Mr. ORR. I would inquire how we are to tell
when the morning hour expires, if it is to run by
intervals? When it commences to run, it strikes
me that it runs through.
The SPEAKER. The House suspended the
morning hour twenty minutes before it had ex-
pired.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
motion will be entertained.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. ORR. I insist that my motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not
G. Miller, Milton, Mordecai Oliver,*Orr, Packer, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, William R. Smith, George
W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Trout, and Westbrook—64.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
house (at half past three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned
until to-morrow at ten o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 2, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
On motion by Mr. WELL ER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 10th July, 1854, cor-
respondence and documents in relation to the
claims of persons for services performed, and sup-
plier and subsistence furnished to the Indians in
California, under contrasts with the Indian agents
"n 1851; which was read, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITION, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Albert
Horn, William II. De Foust, and other Ameri-
can citizens recently residing at, or carrying on
business with, San Juan del Norte, praying in-
demnity for property d estroyed by the recent bom-
bardment of that town, by Commander Hollins,
of the United States Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
William R. GHover and T. W. Mather, praying
the passage of a law directing the Sixth Auditor
to adjust and allow their quarterly compensation
under a contract made with the Postmaster General
for the transportation of the mails on the Missis-
sippi and Ohio rivers; which was referred the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. 8L1DELL, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Joseph M. Hernandez, in behalf of the claimants
under the ninth article of the treaty of 1819 with
Spain,asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. PETT1T, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of William W. Gitt, assignee of land warrants
lost, praying the passage of an act authorizing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue other warrants in his favor, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Martin Fenwick, pray-
ing the confirmation of his title to a certain tract
of land, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill to amend the
"Act requiring foreign regulations of commerce
to be laid annually before Congress," approved
August 16,1842, and for other purposes, reported
it back without amendment
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from ths
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of William Black, a boatswain
on board one of the ships composing the United
States exploring expedition in 1838 and 1839,
praying to be allowed the same amount of extra
pay as was allowed other officers of the same
grade, asked tp be discharged from its further
consideration;"*which was agreed to.
Mr.FlSH,from the select committee appointed
to inquire into the causes of the mortality and
sickness on board emigrant vessels, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for the better pro-
tection of life and health on board of passenger
ships; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr, FISH moved that ten thousand additional
copies of the report of the select committee be
printed; which motion was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Lea, of Cincin-
nati, representing that he has discovered a pre-
ventive of the cholera, and praying an investigation
into the merits of it, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of Jacob
McLellan, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. GWIN,from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Hugh
Wallace Wormley, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Davis, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed an act for the purchase of the copy-
right of a work published by Thomas H. Sum-
ner, wherein he describes his new method of as-
certaining a ship's position at sea.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to their amendments to
the bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States, in the district of
Massachusetts.
Also, that they had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
An act to relinquish the reversionary interest
of the United States to a certain reservation there-
in mentioned, and to confirm the title of Charlen
G. Gunter thereto; and
An act granting the right of way over, and
depot grounds on, the military reserve at Fort
Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, to the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Company
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills:
An act to establish a port of delivery at Lake
Port, on Lake Pontchartrain, and for other pur-
poses;
An act constituting Madison, in the State of
Indiana, a port of delivery;
An act creating a collection district in Texa«
and Neiv Mexico; and
An act to constitute Tuscumbia, in the State of
Alabama, a port of delivery, and for other pur-
poses.
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
WILLIAM H. WEIRICH.
Mr. WELLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back House
bill for the relief of William H. Weirich. _ If
there be no objection, I ask for its consideration
at this time.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill.
It proposes to direct the S«cretary of War i - 
