1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
Baltimore, March 1, 1854.
Mr. J. C. Rives bought of Wheelwright $ Mudgef
2?o. 14 Hanover, corner of German street.
150 reams, 24 by 38, 45 pounds, $5 87  §881 25
134 reams, 24 by 38, 44 pounds, #5 75   770 50
•69 reams, 24 by 38, 40 pounds, §5 25   362 25
Drayage  5 50
$2,019 50
Marked R, ten bundles by express.
It will be seen that the first item of paper in this
bill is that which weighs forty-five pounds to the
ream, being the same weight, and of the same
qualify, I presume, as that used in the book to
which 1 have referred.
Mr. DA.VVSON. The statementto which I re-
ferred was in regard to paper weighing thnty-two
pounds, on which the Congressional Globe was
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was so at the time
that testimony was tfiven; but, as I stated before,
I have ascertained, after full investigation into the
manner in which Mr. Rives's contract is being
executed by him, that he has made an improve-
ment in every respect upon what was done, or
what was expected to be dono when the contract
Was made. It is in this that his good faith stands
preeminently before us, and on this account his
case preeminently claims consideration and relief
at our hands. Here is another bill:
Baltjmobe, March 11,1854.
Mr. Jufin C. Rives bought of Whcclwi ight $ Miulge,
No. 14 Hanover, corner of German street.
50 reams printing, 24 by 38,3G pounds, $4 90. ,....$245 00
Drayiige   75
$245 75
Paper was so scarce that he was compelled to
buy it by driblets, and get it as he could, at dif-
ferent rates, at different weights, and at different
prices. One bill which 1 presented is for paper
weighing thirty-six pounds to the ream, which is
below the average of that which he uses in his
publication; and for that he paid $4 90. All that
he complains of is, that, in the calculation of Mr.
Towers, which has been relied upon here, he is
not allowed at least $4 SO for the paper on which
he publishes the Globe, and even that calculation
is much below the rate at which the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing has accepted bids for
famishing paper for the printing of Congress.
The lowest priced paper which he obtains for
congressional printing is paid for at the rate of
$6 11 a ream.
Mr. Towers calculates that §3 33 is the rate at
which paper can be bought.
I have other bills by which it appears that on
the 14th of March Mr. Rives bought of the same
parties fifty-one and a half reams of paper, weigh-
ing forty-nine pounds to the ream, at 12*; on
the 15th of March two hundred reams at 50.
That bill ia for paper measuring twenty-four by
thirty-eight inches, but the weight is not stated on
the face of the bill. On the 17th of March he
bought one thousand reams, weighing forty pounds
to the ream, twenty-four by thiity-eightmches, at
$5 25; fifty reams, same size, thirty-six pounds
to the ream, at §4 90; and one hundred reams,
same size, thirty-four pounds to the ream at
$4 25. The last was a small quantity of inferior
paper, and $4 25 was the lowest price at which
he was able to purchase a ream of paper at that
time, suitable for printing the debates. The price
of the different lots varies from $4 25 to $6 50.
Then, on the 27ih of April, he bought one hun-
dred and six reams at §4 25.
These bills show the prices which Mr. Rives
has paid for paper during a part of this session;
and yet in not one of these bills does the price
come down to so low a rate as that stated in Mr.
Towers's estimate, on which the Senator from
Alabama relies, $3 33 or even to $4. There are
only two cases where the price was less than
$4 80, the amount assumed by Mr. Rives, as the
basis of his calculation; but, on the contrary, in
one case he paid as high as $6 50 a ream. He
has been compelled to use some paper of very in-
ferior quality; but .even that has cost him more
than Mr. Towers seems to think should be allowed
to him for paper.
It is not necessary for me to say to the Senate,
after this showing, how improper it would he to
throw yourselves at sea among printers who say
that this can be done at a less price. Here you
have the bills, and you can judge of their asser-
tions. Here you find that $6 50 has been paid in
one instance for paper, while Mr. Towers only
allows half that sum! You would find, if you
were to abandan Mr. Rives, who has done the
work faithfully, that you would be thrown at sea
among printers who would charge you $6 50 a
ream for paper, and a dollar a token for press-
work, which is tlje price now paid for the printing
of Congress in every other form, except theCon-
gressional Globe and Appendix. I say, then, that
if you abandon this establishment, you will find
yourselves charged his pricesoverand overagain,
and instead of improving your Condition, you will
be much worse off. Here is a man who has done
your business faithfully, and better than you be-
lieved it could be done at the tfme when you made
the contract. He has improved it each succeed-
ing day. The Globe has been under the manage-
ment of a man who has staked himself upon this
business, and has expected to make a reputation
in carrying it on, and with the hope, at the same
time, of being able to make a living by it of course.
Mr. WELLER. If he got paper at $3 33 a
ream, and other things in proportion, I suppose
he could go on at present prices.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; the suegestion is a
good one. if he got his paper at $3 33, or even
at $4 a ream, and if his workmen would come
down to the prices which they received at the time
the contract was made, twenty per cent, below
the present prices, no doubt he would be able to
go on with the compensation which he at present
receives. Every one who knows anythingin re-
gard to the printing business, knows that in every
city of the Union there has been an increase of
twenty per cent, in the cost of printing. We have
all heard of the strikes of printers for increased
wages; and they have obtained an advance. But
if Mr. Rives could have his paper at $3 33, or $4
a leam, and have the press-work done at the rate
set down in Mr. Towers's and Mr. Mooie's calcu-
lations, he could afford no doubt to go on at $7 50
a column, and perhaps the other papers that have
already declined it, might go on at $7 50.
Every other paper which had a contract for
publishing the debates at $7 50 has given it up.
You know that you must have your debates pub-
lished. Will you break down the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and leave the business to
those who have heretofore abandoned it at the old
prices? Will not the Senate bear in mind that
the papers which were paid at the price now al-
lowed the Giobe, refuse to carry on the contract,
and the Globe alone has published your proceed-
ings in a prompt and faithful manner. Will you
now abandon that establishment by refusing to do
what is just, upon a suspicion that perhaps you
are paying too much? Will you enter upon that
policy which has been distinctively known for
•ages past as " penny-wise and pound-foolish?"
Will you break up what you have here now as a
permanent, a good, a successful, and faithful es-
tablishment, and throw yourselves at s£a among
the men who make these calculations to break it
down? I will not say that is the intention, but I
fear it will be the effect. I venture to say that if
you abandon this establishment, you will not get
another one to do this work for ^9 50 a column,
which my friend from California proposes to pay
m the event that this body shall refuse to take
additional copies, but you will have to pay $11 or
i §12 a column; or, perhaps, you will be asked to
come up to British Parliament terms, and pay
^136 for what is now furnished in the Giobe at
$12. Perhaps you would have to come up to
Maryland prices, where this business was con-
ducted on as cheap terms as it could, by a reporter
whose name is familiar in both Halls of Congress.
Or, perhaps, you would have to eome up to Penn-
sylvania terms, or to Kentucky terms, where they
have failed, if not refused, to answer as to what
rates they paid for services of the same character.
The Senate and the other House have been m
controversy for years past upon this interminable,
wretched, and pestiferous subject of printing, with
Us Various adjuncts. I hope the Senate will not
quit the subject now until they dispose of it, or
else discharge me from the Committee on Print-
ing. The last Congress was engaged upon it
almost every day. Every morning I heard of
" printing! printing!'* " prices !" " pay!" " con-
sideration !" "broken contracts!" "ill faith!"
complaints of every kind, "frauds and swin-
dling." All this was being charged, and it threw
members into the greatest confusjon. I ask you
now to settle this question and dispose of it. Let
us fix upon the terms which, as rational men,
we presume we can stand upon.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have obtained from
the chief clerk of the Superintendent of Public
Printing the information which the Senator from
Arkansas desired me to obtain from him. The
Senator from Arkansas permitted himself, I think,
to be led into an error when he presumed that the
paper for which the Superintendent of Printing
has contracted is the same quality of paper as ia
used for newspapers. Such is not the fact.
^ Mr. JOHNSON. I did'not state that the same
paper was used for newspapers
Mr. FITZPATRICK. i will state to the Sen-
ate that in December, 1853, the contract price for
the paper used for the public printing was $6 10.
In 1852 it was $6 30. Thus the paper now used
is twenty cents a ream less than that used the
year before. This reduction has been made,
notwithstanding the extraordinary rise in paper,
to which the Senator has alluded. The paper
contained in the book to which the Senator re-
ferred, is called book paper, and its price is regu-
lated according to its weight. Six dollars and ten
cents is paid for that paper, but that is not the
highest price. 1 am informed by the chief clerk
of the Superintendent^ that theie is some paper
which is sold as high as eightdollarsa ream. The
price depends upon the weight and quality. The
paper contained in the book referred to by the
Senator is of the weight of forty-five pounds per
ream, and is furnished for $6 10 a ream. The
weight is thecriterion by which to test paper, and
by which it is sold, and its price is regulated.
Well, sir, in reference to the manner in which the
paper was purchased, 1 presume the gentleman
will acquit.the Superintendent of anything wrong
in that matter, when he learns tha*t there were
from eight to ten bidders for the contract, and
that the gentleman who got the contract was the
lowest bidder. No blame, therefore, can be at-
tached to the Superintendent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did the Senator understand
me as casting any imputation upon the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing in that matter ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I pardon, it was
not the Senator from Arkansas who made any
such imputation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not done so, and I
will not do so. I should dislike very much to say
that he had done anything wrong.
Mr. WELLER. All that was said by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas on that subject, was said in
reply to interrogatories put by myself. I desired
to have an explanation why itwasthat$3 33 was
paid for a certain quality of paper very little in-
ferior to that forwhich the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing was paying$6 11; and I asked how
it was that that contract had been made, whether
competition had been invited, or whether the Su-
perintendent had given the contract to somefavor-
lte? I did not know whether such was the case
or not; but if it was, 1 desired that it should be
explained. The statement which the Senator from
Alabama has now made is perfectly satisfactory,
because it shows that the contract was entered
into after competition was invited, and ample
competition, for there seem to have been ten bids
put m. I did not desire to be understood as cast-
ing any imputation upon the Superintendent. I
only wished to have the fact ascertained why this
discrepancy should exist between $3 33and$6 11.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The difference results
from the quality and weight of the paper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know I am a very un-
guarded speaker; but if anything has fallen from
my hps which is calculated to make an impression
that 1 intimated any such thing as corruption on
the part of the Superintendent "of Public Printing,
it is altogether wrong; there is no ground for it.
I have intended to make no such charge, and I am
sure I made none.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The explanation is
satisfactory. 1 must do the Superintendent the
justice to say that so far as his conduct has fallen
under my observation, he is a very faithful and
intelligent officer. The Senator might easily have
been led into error, without this explanation, on
account of the great discrepancy of price. I am
assured by the Superintendent's clerk that price
i%regulated by the weight of the paper, and that
a much higher price is required for a superior arti-
