1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
any other county in the State, according to its
population.
However, when the people of Rock county
saw that they could not expect to derive any
benefit or favor from the Milwaukie and Missis-
sippi railroad, they went to work to build a rail-
road for themselves. A company was organized,
stock was taken, and some progress was made to
. carry on the work. At that time the people of
Milwaukie, and those who were interested in the
Milwaukie and Mississippi railroad, saw that
they were going against their own interests, and
they then consented that the road should run south
to the town of Milton, about nine miles from the
city of Janesville. 1 hold in my hand a map of
the Milwaukie and Mississippi railroad, from
which I take these distances. After E. H. Brod-
head, the chief engineer, was elected superintend-
ent of that road, they consented to build a hranch
to Janesville. That branch has been completed.
They cannot, however, go direct from Janesville to
Madison, and thus on to Prairie du Chien, with-
out going back to Milton, a distance of nine miles,
and thus through Stoughton to Madison.
The Rock River Union Valley Railroad Com-
pany contemplated running their road from Chi-
cago to Janesville, andfrom Janesville to Madison.
The gentleman from .New York [Mr. Cutting]
told us yesterday that, from certain information
which he had received—there is a good deal of this
sort of information without the walls of Congress,
from some people who come to oppose this grant
—he believed the roads run parallel for a consid-
erable distance, as he thought, from forty to sixty
miles.
i am happy, Mr. Speaker, to have an opportu-
nity to correct the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cutting.] He is in error. He states his
high authority to be the president of the Milwau-
kie and Mississippi railroad, the mayor of the city
of Milwaukie, and divers other individuals, and
also quotes a Senator in the other end of the Capi-
tol, as saying that he was in error " in regard to
the route which was proposed by this bill." Now
it seems to me that it would have been highly
proper to have inquired of the Senator upon that
point, and not undertake in this House to say
what the Senator had said upon hearsay.
I know the gentleman from New York does not
wish to injure this scheme wantonly; that he does
not wish, m this indefinite way, to wrong us; but
I think he ought to have inquired of the Senator
in reference to this matter, and thereby make him-
self sure in his statement of facts. And, further-
more, it seems to me that if that Senator had come
to that conclusion, he would at least have spoken
to me about it, for I am on the best terms with
him; but I have not heard one single word in rela-
tion to the error alluded to by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cutting] yesterday.
But I can understand why this opposition comes
from the city of Milwaukie. It desires to con-
tinue, as heretofore, to be the great commercial
point of the State; and that all the interests of the
State should be centered in that city. But £ hold
in my hand a resolution which has been sent to
me by the Common Council of the cityMil-
waukie* showing—what? Not that the'city does
not desire a grant of land for the construction of
railroads; but it asks its Senators in Congress,
and the members of the House of Representa-
tives from that State to procure, if possible, a grant
of land to construct a road from Lake Superior,
by the lake shore, through Milwaukie, to the city
of Chicago; thus compelling us who live m the
interior, the western,and the northern parts of the
State to pay tribute, not exactly to Ccesar, but to
the city of Milwaukie.
I have also a series of resolutions which passed
the Board of Trade of that city, asking more do-
nations of land; and are men to come here, with
high-sounding names of presidents of railroads and
mayors of cities, and ail that sort of thing, and
intimate that the people of the State are averse to
any donation of lands for these purposes ?
But these roads do not run parallel to the ex-
tent which the gentleman from New York sup-
poses they do. They run no nearer than five miles
at any one point, and at that distance only for
about eighteen miles from the village of Stoughton
to the city of Madison. There the roads diverge
again, and one goes m one direction to Lake Su-
perior, and the other to the northwest, penetra-
ting the pineries of the North, and into the vast
mineral regions of Lake Superior. And because
it does not happen to go through the city of Mil-
waukie this road has met all this opposition. I
state, as I before remarked, that the object of it is
notagainst land grants, but it is to make all such
grants tributary to the city of Milwaukie.
Sir, I have some interest in Milwaukie myself,
but I have no interest in the grant asked for here.
But I cannot see, with the eyes of gentleman from
Milwaukie, that it is to militate against their pros-
perity at all. I say, if Milwaukie is not to be
benefited by this road it is not the fault of the
road, but because they have built the city in the
wrong place. We cannot make roads to benefit
every town, and we cannot afford to let our pro-
duce lay in Milwaukie five or six months every
year ice bound, and pay storage and commissions
thereon merely for the benefit of that city.
With these remarks I will redeem my pledge to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] and I ask
for the previous question.
Mr. CUTTING. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. When the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eastman] undertakes to charge members with the
duty of dogging Senators, instead of allowing
them to ask a question of the chairman of the
committee who reported the bill, and seems to sup-
pose that I have been guilty of some offense in
propounding a single question for the information
of this House, I think he ought not to spring the
previous question in such a way as to prevent an
answer to his remarks.
Mr. EASTMAN. I made a pledge to thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] that I would
renew the previous question. 1 would be happy
to gratify the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cutting] under any other circumstances.'
Mr. HUNT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cutting] to make an explanation.
Objection was made.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope this motion for the
previous question will be withdrawn, in order that
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
may redeem the solemn pledge made to the House
the other day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. LETCHER. It is proper that he should be
heard.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume that the
gentleman from Wisconsin is only redeeming the
pledge he has made to the chairman of the com-
mittee. If the chairman will consent to the with-
drawal of the previous question, of course the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin will consent to it, and I
do hope that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] will accord with the request.
Mr. DISNEY. All I have to say is, that I
think no gentleman upon this floor will find any
fault as to any ilhberality shown by myself in the
discussion of this question. In making my re-
marks, yesteiday, I yielded and yielded the floor
to gentlemen who were continually interrupting
me, so that 1 was deprived of all opportunity of
discussing the question.
Upon the demand for the previous question, a
division being had, there were—ayes 59, noes 86.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] will yield the
floor, I will move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. If I yield the floor to en-
able the gentleman from Tennessee to make that
motion, will I be entitled to the floor in the morn-
ing?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia would be entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. I then make the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The House having refused to sustain the demand
for the previous question, the subject must lie over
one day. It is absurd, after the House has refused
to second the demand for the previous question,
to go on with the consideration and discussion of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The practice of the House
is, that if the House refuse to order the main
question, the subject must go over one day; but, i
failing to second the demand for the previous
question, leaves the subject under consideration
where it was before the demand was made. The
question is upon the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of order
I want to know how the floor has been taken from
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia yielded the floor to another gentleman for the
purpose of niaking the motion that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 52, a further count not being
demanded
So the Blouse refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Lftoher] is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if the gentleman from Virginia
did not speak upon this question o,n Thursday last,
when he objected to my occupying the floor?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not reckon he did.
Mr. DISNEY. Well, sir, I do reckon he did.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Then I appeal to the Chair
to decide between us. There was another ques-
tion ui%der consideration the other day in relation
to which a motion had been made to refer it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I then made some reference to this rail-
road bill, and the gentleman from Ohio called me
to order. Does the gentleman recollect that?
Mr. DISNEY. I do.
Mr LETCHER. And the gentleman told me
that I should have a fair chance to discuss this
bill before the vote was taken.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask that the Chair shall de-
cide the question whether the gentleman from
Virginia is entitled to the floor? My recollection,
and that of other members of the House is, that
the gentleman has spoken once upon this subject,
and is, therefore, not entitled to the floor. So far
as I am concerned, I have no objection to his
i going on, but I ask the Chair to decide the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had spoken once upon the question pending
he would be entitled to the floor if no other gen-
tleman desired to speak. The gentleman from
Ohio cannot claim it for himself because he has
certainly spoken once upon the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has not
already spoken twice upon this question?
The SPEAKER. Not on the motion to commit.
Mr. JONES. Then he is still entitled to an-
other hour ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
i is entitled, under the rule, to close debate upon the
' bill.
j Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that the policy which has been adopted with
i regard to this bill, indicates very clearly to the
! House the necessity for a thorough examination
' of all the measures of this character which are
i presented for our consideration. It seems to me
! that this policy proves conclusively the propriety
; of referring all such measuies to a Committee of
, the Whole House, where an opportunity may be
: given for discussion and investigation in regard to
their merits.
! Now, sir, here is a proposition which has been
brought into this House, and without giving any
| member an opportunity of examining into its de-
tails, or the principles involved, a motion to stop
debate is made by the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, [Mr. Disney,] after a speech
from himself, and after another speech from a
member who is interested in this road. After two
speeches upon one side, and none upon the other.,
an attempt is made to gag everybody who is op-
posed to it, and rush it through the House under
the operation of the previous question.
Sir, if this proposition had merits: if its various
provisions could bear the test of careful examina-
' tion; if theconsiderations which were alluded toby
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wells] on
I yesterday,could bearthelightforasing'emoment,
' would such a course as this have been adopted?
j I was struck with the avowal made upon this
i floor yesterday, by the gentleman from Wiscon-
