1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
This has been properly estimated for by the
Department. If any Senator is desirous of it,
the report of the Engineer's department can be
read to show the absolute necessity for the appro-
priation. The letter, however, is somewhat
lengthy.
Mr. MALLORY.. Perhaps the most important
fortification in whieh the country is now engaged,
is that at Tortugas. We have the estimates of the
Department for two years in succession, upon our
table, showing that about $250,000 would be the
proper appropriation for that work, and that that
sum could be most economically consumed in its
construction. In the face of that opinion, how-
ever, given at successive Congresses, the Depart-
ment has now called for only $50,000 for one fort,
and $75,000 for' the other. That is the present
call of the War Department, and still you have
upon your table, I say, estimates for the sum of
$250,000. Now, had I not a perfect conviction
of the fact, that if you put any amendment at all
upon the bill it must be lost, I should feel con-
strained, in virtue of the vast importance of Tor-
tugas, particularly at this moment, to move an
amendment to increase the appropriation in the
bill, i will say to my friend from California,
that I have had assurance from quarters which I
am not permitted to doubt, that if we attempt to
amend the bill, it will fail in the House; and if it
should fail, the important works which we now
have going on, and with the hands completely
injtiftted to the work, with all their plans to carry
it on, must be suspended, and the implements
sold. This little pittance is necessary, to keep it
in progress. It would be a great national evil to
have the work stopped; and, convinced as I am
that it will be stopped, if we amend the bill, I am
constrained to vote against all amendments, be-
cause, if any be made, the appropriation for Tor-
tugas, which is one of the most important works,
should also be increased.
Mr. WELLER. I regret very much that this
bill is in the condition in which it is represented
to be by my friend from Florida—that if any
amendment should be added to it by the Senate,
no matter how necessary it may be, the bill will
fail. I have felt it to be my duty to present this
amendment, not only because the work is impor-
tant in itself, but because the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who had charge of the subject, have
directed me to do it. I know nothing with regard
to it except what appears from the papers sent to
us from the department. They show that it is
absolutely indispensable that the appropriation
should be made; and I hope, sir, that it will not
endanger the passage of the bill in the other House.
I should be very sorry if we found ourselves, in
the latter days of the session, placed in a position
to be compelled to refuse important works simply
because the House of Representatives would not
agree to them. I do not believe that amending
any of these appropriation bills, in a proper way,
and for public works of acknowledged utility, will
endanger its passage in the slightest degree
Mr. SL1DELL. I would ask my friend from
Florida whether the appropriations to which he
alludes as contained in this bill, coming to us from
the House of Representatives, is not in accordance
with the estimate of the War Department ? He
thinks that a large sum may be judiciously ex-
pended. It appears that the Secretary of War
entertains a different opinion, and it has been left
to us not to exceed the estimates of the War De-
partment. In relation to the amendment offered
by the acting chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, I have to say that it is one of the
most important and absolutely indispensable
points to be fortified for the protection of th e great
commercial city of New Orleans. Proctorsville,
where it is contemplated to build the fort, is situa-
ted at the terminus of a railroad some twenty-eight
or thirty miles long, making a most direct and
easy communication from the sea to the city of
New Orleans. I look upon it as absolutely indis-
pensable for the protection of that city. I reaHy
cannot appreciate the force of the argument adopt-
ed by the Senator from Florida. Fie says, that
if we put any amendment upon the bill, it will
be lost. He is more familiar with legislative
forms than [ am, but my impression is, that if the
amendment be agreed to by the Senate, it will be
submitted to the House for concurrence. The
House may refuse to concur, or they may concur.
If they do not concur, we shall have resort to a
committee of conference. I think I have never
known an appropriation bill lost under such cir-
cumstances. *1 wish this amendment to be agreed
to by the Senate; and if the House be obstinate in
objecting to its introduction, I shall yield with the
best grace that I may to inevitable necessity. I
ask the Senate, if there be any doubt upon the
subject, to have the Secretary read from the report,
which will entirely satisfy them that there is not
oneitem in the bill more meritorious,than this.
Mr. WELLER. I have only one additional
remark to make. In consequence of the peculiar
position in which this bill has been placed, the
committee on Military Affairs have concluded to
report but this amendment. Ordinarily that com-
mittee have presented a good many amendments
to the fortification bill; but, I repeat, in conse-
quenceof the peculiar circumstances attending the
condition of this bill, they have but this small
amendment to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall be able to act
on this bill speedily. Itis impossible for us to de-
bate these appropriation bills at any length. The
House has probably passed the last which it has
before it at this time, the civil and diplomatic bill.
1 merely throw out this suggestion for the con-
sideration of Senators.
Mr. MALLORY. It is with a great deal of
regret that I say anything against the amend-
ment for New Orleans. I know it is important,
and I regret very much that itis not in the bill. As
to the estimate uf the Department, it has for years
estimated for fortifications, but the House of Rep-
resentatives have refused to pass a fortification bill
at all, and this is the first which we have had un-
der the estimate. They have framed this after a
deliberate examination of the whole subject, and
they have not proceeded upon the estimates wUph
the Department furnished. The estimate for the
works to which I refer is in these words:
"The most economical, as well th*  most expeditious
mode of completing these works, would be to appropriate
for each port, at once, the whole sum stated in the estimate
as necessary for its completion, namely:
For Fort Taylor $'30,000
For Fort Jefferson  889,662
givin^pthority to tha*President to assign annually, or fiom
time ^tirue, as large a portion thereof as should be found
compatible with an advantageous prosecution of the ope-
rations, or as public exigencies should, in his opinion,
seem to require.
" With such grants the works need never be suspended.
The most favorable times for making contracts, procuring
supplies, and pressing various kinds of work could always
be profited by, and a large sum m contingent expenditures
—increasing rapidly with the extension of the time, and
scarcely at all with the enlargement of force—would be
saved.
" The next best mode would be to appropriate a much
larger amount annually for each fort than heretofore.
"The sum of $150,0U0 might be advantageou>iy expended
next year on each ; and, should it be deemed important to
press on the constructions more vigorously, disposition
may be made for an advantageous application of the sum
of $250,000 to each."
Nffw, if I were not convinced that the incorpo-
ration of an amendment would give rise to an
examination of the bill in the House, and to a
committee of conference, and that it would delay
if not defeat the bill, I should certainly not put
myself in this position in votmgagainst an amend-
ment, knowing its importance. But J have seen
members of the House, who are supposed to be
well informed on this subject, and I have seen the
engineer of the Department, and after mature de-
liberation, I have become convinced that, by
amending it, we may defeat the passage of the bill
entirely; and it is for that reason that I am op-
posed to the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I agree with the Senator from
Florida. If this debate were prolonged, I could
readily show that the work, the appropriation for
which I would desire to have increased, is just as
important as any one which is before us; and in
addition to that, the faith of the Government is
i plighted to the construction of that work, and has
' been broken for twenty years past. These are
1 considerations which do not apply to other works
But I do not wish to detain the Senate utider the
. circumstances surrounding; this bill. Sir, we must
, now look to this fact. You have the Army bill
I untouched here; you have the Navy bill untouched
i here; you have bat two days of the session left;
i you have no bill before the House of Representa-
tives except the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill; and if one amendment is offered and adopted
to this bill, no Senator, with the opinions he en-
tertains of important works in his own vicinity, !
will fail to insist that they should be properly ap-
propriated for, and thus the bill would be endan-
gered. I understand that it passed by but a ma-
jority of three votes in the House. I, therefore,
think it would be exceedingly unwise to amend it
at all. Under these circumstances, I shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. The very argument made use of
against the amendment would induce me to vote
for it. It is stated that for a number of years the
House of Representatives have absolutely refused
to make appropriations of this description, and
that this bill passed by a majority of only three
votes. It is admitted on ail hands that there ought
to be amendments to it, and the argument used
! against amending it is that it will cause the loss
of the bill in the House. That is no sufficient
argument to me. I doubt the policy of these ex-
penditures. I am inclined to concur with the
minority of the House upon the subject; but if
they are to be made at all, there should be some-
thing like equality and justice in them. I doubt
the policy of this general system of fortifications
any way, and I very much doubt the policy of
makingthese small appropriations. A fortifica-
tion is a thing which must be made according to
some system. The expenditure of $25,000 would
do no good so far as a fortification is concerned.
How is it possible for those who expend the
money to know upon what plan to begin the work,
because future appropriations to carry it on ac-
cording to any system are admitted to be ex-
tremely doubtful, inasmuch as Congress for a
number of years have refused to make the appro-
priations, and now by a very small majority the
! House passed this bill, and when we are told that
1 if we receive any amendment, however just it
I may be, the entire bill will be lost. I believe_you
| had better take the money which you appropriate
i for these objects, and pay it to the officers and
| soldiers of the Army. I think that would pro-
duce a great deal more efficient defense of the
country than by expending it for fortifications.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I take it for granted- ^
that the amendment is alegitimate one, and, under
ordinary circumstances, I should vote to incorpo-
rate it in this bill; but we cannot shut our eyes to
the fact that we are near the close of the session,
and that all the bills alluded to by the Senator
from Delaware wait for the action of this body;
and the prospect is, that the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill will engage the attention at least
of a committee of conference between the two
Houses. I know nothing of the merits of the
amendment. I take it for granted,on the estimate
of the War Department, that it is proper, and,
under proper circumstances, I should vote to in-
corporate it into the bill; but we must look now
at the condition in whieh the bill stands, in acting
upon the amendment. I have an amendment, sir,
which I should desire to offer, one that I believe is
essential, one that is important to the sea-coast
which we have at Alabama, and that is for the
construction of a fortification at the mouth of
Mobile bay; but with all my anxiety to get it
adopted, and to have the work in progress, I am
willing, under the circumstances which surround
us, to forego offering it as an amendment. If,
however, the bill is to be amended, I could not
consent to withhold it, and I shall press it upon
the Senate. I have uniformly pressed it on the
consideration of the chairman of the Committee
| on Finance, but he, from a very solemn sense of
his duty, has resisted my application to recom-
| mend the amendment to the bill. If we open this
| bill to amendment, and impede its progress through
this body, I could not consent to withhold it. No
gentleman can be more desirous to press an
amendment of his own than I am to press this*,
but I feel satisfied that, if the amendment of the
Senator from California be adopted, we shall load
the bill down with amendments. Under this con-
I viction, I am perfectly willing that the bill should
\ pass as it is, without any amendment. I think it
! due to the public service, and due to the country,
; that it should go from this body without sending
it back to the Housewith amendments to be acted
; upon there.
Mr. PRATT. This bill contains very many
i appropriations for the completion of forts and for-
I tifications, which have all been commenced. The
: amendment, if I understand it, is for a new work
i not heretofore commenced, one which I am sure
| is very desirable to the country, and would be ben-
