514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Now look at all these projected railroads to
which gentlemen are urging Congress to accord
lands to aid in their construction. If the railroads
are of any advantage to these States, they ought
to be willing at least to pay the price of the lands
to the Government, and not establish a precedent
here to be plead, as it has been plead by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] that Congress
has done so and so heretofore, and must go on
and do it hereafter.
But let me return to this Milwaukie railroad.
The gentleman from Ohio tells us that the policy
of the Committee on Public Lands is to equalize
the grants to all these States, and to give them as
much as has been granted to the State of Illinois.
Now Illinois received for her Central railroad
2,593,000 acres, if my recollection is correct.
The State of Wisconsin has already received
for internal improvements 949,000 and odd acres.
One million six hundred thousand acres are em-
braced in this bill, as I understand the gentleman
from Ohio. Then he tells us that the committee
have agreed upon another bill making a donation
of land for a road from Madison to Prairie du
Chien, and that hill embraces 300,000 acres. That
makes 1,900,000 acres,and with the 949,000 already
received, gives 2,900,000 and odd acres; so that if
this bill passes they will have received 400,000
acres more than Illinois has received, I like to be
accurate about these things, and I will therefore
referto the book. I see it is set down heie that the
lands sold in theStateofWisconsinupto June 30,
1853, amounted to 5,045,242 acres; lands donated
for schools, universities, and so forth, 1,400,728
acres; and that the lands donated for internal im-
provements amounted to 929,736 acres. Now,
add to that the 1,900,000 acres embraced in this
bill, and you then have very nearly three million
acres granted to the State of Wisconsin.
Weil, sir, by way of justifying this mode of
disposing of the lands, the gentleman tells us that
the President of the United States is for it; that the
Secretary of the Interior is for it; that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is for it; and
that, inasmuch as ail these parties are for it, it
must be conclusive of the propriety of the policy.
Now, I do not hold to any such doctrine, that
because a President or Secretary entertain par-
ticular opinions, that everybody else is to hold
the same opinions on the same subject. I come
to represent a State that entertains opinions alto-
gether different on this question—that maintains
that Congress has no right, either directly or in-
directly, to appropriate the lands or money of
the Federal Government to internal improvements.
Here is the platform as adopted by the Demo-
cratic State Convention held in Richmond in
March, 1852:
" Resoh'pi}, That Congress lins no power to appropriate,
directly or indirectly, the proceeds of the sale* of the public
lands, or to <?ranf, directly or indirectly, tiie public hinds to
tin* purpose of internal Improvement."
I stand on that platform. I hold to that doctrine
in common with the Democratic party of my
State. I believe it to be sound doctrine; and so
believing, I do not come here to surrender my con-
victions because a President of the United States,
or a Secretary of the Interior, or anybody else
occupying a high official position, entertains a dif-
ferent opinion. As to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, I can account for this opinion u> some extent.
He is a man who has been living in a land State
which has profited largely by this mode of dispos-
ing of the public lands. In his service in Con-
gress he was committed to all these grants. I can
ascertain very well how association, how political
interest controls the opinions of men; and these
influences may control his in this matter. But,
by the way of satisfying the House that this policy
is proper and constitutional, the gentleman from
Ohio says that under the influence of it public
lands have been sold, and that they are now selling,
with more rapidity than public lands have been
sold at any time heretofore in our history for sev-
eral years past
Mr. DISNEY. In the vicinity of these roads.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; then, in the vicin-
ity of these roads. How many lands have been
sold? I have a statement here of the sales, to
which I ask attention:
Lands sold in 1835 $15,909,804 11
1836  25,167,8:W 06
16U7  7,007,523 04
183 8  4,305,564 64 :
183 9  6.461,556 79 i
Lands sold in 1S40  2,789,637 53
184 1  1,463,564 06
184 2  1,417,972 06
1«43  2,016.044 30
1M44  2,207 ^78 04
184 5  2,470,303 17
184 6  2,904,637 27
184 7  3,296,404 08
184 8  2,021,615 26
184 9  1,756,890 42
Prom January to June 30, 1850  998,841 26
From June 30,1850, to June 30,1851  2,390,947 45
From June 30,18,51, to June 30,1852  1,975,658 54
From June 30,1852, to June 30, L853  1,792,369 92
Thus we see that in 1835 and 1836 the sales
were very large—amounting, in 1836, to more than
$95,000,000.
Now, the gentleman says that this is owing to
the policy of allowing these grants to railroads,
and that the land would not have sold at all if it
had not been for the grants. It is attributable to
no such thing. It is attributable to the state of
things which existed in the country at the time
these sales were made. The whole country was
then wild with the spirit of speculation. Banks
were multiplying. Everything in which a spec-
ulation could be made was sought for, greedily
taken up, and earnestly prosecuted; and, under the
influence of that speculating spirit, these extraor-
dinary sales of the public lands were made. Look
at the state of things now. Within the last two
years, I venture to say that the banking capital
of the country has been doubled, or, perhaps,
more than doubled, taking one State with an-
other. I know that it has been so in my own
State; and these are strong and conclusive indi-
cations of the speculating spirit which is abroad
in the country at the present time. And if spec-
ulation brought about this result in 1835, 1836,
and 1837, why cannot speculation bring it about
i.n 1854. Will not the same result follow from
the same cause? Then I say that it is not attrib-
utable to this policy at all. These lands would
have been sold from this spirit of speculation.
Do you not see, in proof of this position, that the
gentlemen from these new States are warring
against speculators here by amendments to the
homestead bill, and in all other conceivable modes?
They tell you that they do not want men to come
into their country and buy up their public lands.
What takes them there ? Is it not the belief that
they can make more money by investing in these
lands than can be made by investments in other
speculations? Nothing has carried them into
the new States but the hope of gam.
Let me tell the gentlemen from the West one
thing that will grow out of the policy pursued by
them in reference to these land grants. You grant
them to the State to be sure, but when so granted,
the land immediately passes out of their hands into
the grasp of soulless corporations. What will be
the result ? These corporations, invested with their
great powers, are to have the benefit of all these
lands and the control of all these improvements.
They are to have the entire disposing of them; and
the result will be, that we shall hear against them
the same complaint in regard to withholding the
public lands from market which has been made
against the Government by gentlemen upon this
floor. What restriction do they impose m regard
to the sale of the lands? Do they say that they
shall sell them to actual settlers, orsell them within
a given time: Nothing of that sort. The result
will be, then, that these corporations will become
- oppressive. They will war upon everything that
| crosses theirpath, in orderto make the mostmoney
; by the heartless abuse of the power placed in their
hands, indiscreetly, as I think, by these legislative
acts. And f shall he surprised if, in the course of
a very few years, we do not find some of these gen-
i tlemen proclaiming a doctrine which they regarded
many years ago as remarkably odious'—the doc-
trine of charter-breaking, started by Mr. Dallas, of
Pennsylvania. The burden will grow intolerable,
j and they will desire to get rid of it. And in order
j to get rid of it, they will ask a repeal of the charter,
j and it will have to be repealed if they get the de-
j sired relief. I shall be surprised if such is not the
) result. I confidently expect it; and if the burden
I were upon any people other than those who made
the bargain, I do not know but I should clap them
I on the back, and applaud them for attempting to
relieve themselves from it. But they have made
their bed,and so let them lie.
Now, sir, in regard to this Illinois charter: I re-
fer to it again for the purpose of showing that it is
a somewhat different charter from the one which
is proposed in this act; the Illinois railroad charter
is for "a grant of lands to the State of Illinois for
the construction of a railroad from the southern
terminus of the Illinois and Michigan canal to a
point at or near the junction of the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers, with a branch of the same to Chi-
cago, on Lake Michigan," &c.
Well, now, what does this bill propose? " That
there be and is hereby granted to the State of Wis-
consin, for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of a railroad from near the southern bound-
ary of said State, east of range thirteen, by way
of Janesville, in Rock couuty, and Fond du Lac,
on Lake Winnebago, to such point on Lake Su-
perior as may be designated under the authority
of said State, and for the construction of a branch
railroad from Janesville, by way of Madison,"
&c.
Now, why does not this road run from Chica-
go to its terminus on Lake Superior by the most
direct line? Is it necessary to run northwest for
eighty or ninety miles, and then northeast for
about the same distance, and then zig-zag, and
then northwest again to Lake Superior-5 Jf the
road were run straight from Chicago to Lake Su-
perior, the distance would probably be one hun-
dred and fifty or two hundred miles less than by
the proposed route.
Mr. (JOBB, (interrupting.) Yes; but that route
is perhaps impracticable.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, no doubt; of course it
is impracticable, when the company want to make
war on these lake shore towns for the benefit of
Chicago. It was that which made it impracticable.
There cannot be any other reason for their run-
ning the road in the manner they propose. But
if that is impracticable, how do they expect to get
up to the Palls of St. Croix river by the Ohio line?
Mr. COBB. To run round it.
Mr. LETCHER. Yet they propose to run
one line of the Rock River Union Valley railroad
to the Palls of St. Croix, and the other to the point
on Lake Superior; but neither of these roads can
be run in a direct line for the greater part of the
distance. They can run an air-line from Janes-
ville to Chicago, or from Janesville to Fond du
Lac, where there are no public lands; but whenever
they come to the public lands, they run to the best
advantage for the interests of the company.
Then it is a matter which is to profit them. Then
they begin to see what is to be had when they get
to that point. There is nothing to be had below
it; why then run by this circuitous route below
Fond du Lac? They run the road in the manner
pointed out from their desire to withdraw trade
from the lake shore towns, that they may take it
to Chicago and reap the profits of its transporta-
tion. If it comes down by the Lake Shore rail-
road, it passes these towns. Trade would most
probably stop at some one of them. The Lake
Shore railroad is now in progress, and a portion of
it has been graded. Other portions have been con-
tracted for. And yet these gentlemen tell us that
this road, almost straight, and which is forty or
fifty miles shorter than the road proposed, and
which runs from Chicago to Fond du Lac, is of no
consequence, and gravely insist upon it that Con-
gress must make this road for theiraccommodation,
although in so doing they seriously injured the
interests of those who have invested their money
in the Lake Shore road, and as seriously injure
the trade of Milwaukie and the other lake shore
cities and towns. Is it not asking too much ?
Now, sir, I cannot understand these things. It
i strikes me that any man who will reflect, and who
will look at the causes which regulate the conduct
of men and control their actions, must come to the
I conclusion that there is something in this matter
which demands and requires some more satisfac-
tory explanation than has yet been given.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] yester-
day referred to the acts of the General Assembly
of Wisconsin. Will the gentleman [Mr. Disney]
be kind enough to lend me the book now in his
possession, and I think I can show that there is
something not exactly right in regard to the act
referred to. I understand that some two or three
memorials passed the Legislature of Wisconsin
in regard to railroads, and that under the consti-
tution of the State of Wisconsin, the Governor of
that State is required to approve the acts, resolu-
tions, &c., of the General Assembly before they
are laws, or have the force of laws. But it is
