1864..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
stop the working of every machine. If what they
allege be true, if they obtain a renewal of their
patent for what they claim, there is not a man in
the community who can use a reaper at all, except
at his peril. These people, without a manufac-
tory for the building of the machines, will have
their agents all over the country, wherever there is
a reaper in use. These agents can demand that
that use be stopped. If it is refused,! apprehend,
under the law, it could be stopped by injunction.
Then, of course, when the agriculturist' is in the
midst of the harvest, it will be.a matter of calcu-
lation with him how much he can afford to pay,
and yet not lose all. In the scarcity of labor, the
almost impossibility of obtaining it, to harvest by
hand, it will be a question of calculation with him
how much he can pay so as to save something
from his harvesting, and I will venture to say,
that without investing*a dollar in the machines,
the money can be levied upon the farmers of the
country.
This, I say, is what can be done under this
bill. I will now give the reasons why it will be
done. In the first instance, I do not believe that
one of these machines ever will b,e manufactured.
Why do I say so? Why, sir, in the lapse of
time, since 1836 to the present, the report itself
says that they never have sold a machine, never
have sold a right, and, I believe, they never have
manufactured but five machines. Why is this?
Why is it that these machines have not been built
during the whole period of this patent? Simply,
sir, because one of them never could have been
sold if it had been huilt. There must be a reason
for that; it is simply that the cost is so enormous
that no farmer ever thought of buying one of
them. The cost isj$l,600. The team required
to work it is sixteen horses. Is there any gentle-
man in the Senate, at all acquainted with agricul-
tural matters, who will believe that in the region
of country where reapers can be used most profit-
ably—the western country, upon the v/estern prai-
ries, and in the old country, where the fields are
old, and the stumps have been removed—any
mortal man would ever think of expending $1,600
for one of these machines, and|j|S£n purchase or
hire sixteen horses to work it? At present, about
the least price for which you can purchase a horse
suitable .to work such a machine, is $200. Your
team  therefore, will cost $,3,200, and then the
machine besides, $1,600, making $4,8U0 for this
machine and team; and when you have got it up,
Barnum's twelve-elephant team would not begin
to compare with it.
Only think of it! Four four-horse post teams
turned out in the harvest field to turn corners and
reap grain ! It involves such an absurdity as I will
ventuie to say was never proposed to the farming
community. The very idea is preposterous.
I say, then, from the allegations of the report,
no machines have been used for eighteen years;
and, from the further considerations of the cost of
the machine, and the enormity of thtf team that is
to be used to work it, it will never be manufac-
tured. Hence it will be seen that it is necessary,
if this bill is to benefit these parties, that it should
be in such a form that they can, not by the man-
ufacture of the machine, but by levying black
mail upon others manufacturing it and upon the
farming community, make out of it what they
cannot make by the manufacture of it.
It seems that the bill has to make -a departure
from the ordinary bills extending patents, other-
wise it would be of no benefit to these people,
and are we going into this course of legislation,
and thus sacrifice the agricultural community and
the immense interests which are involved in reap-
ing machines, simply for the purpose of enabling
Moore & Hascall to make a, fortune without ever
expending a dollar for the benefit of the community?
Let me ask what benefit have they bestowed upon
the community ? Have they ever given it a ma-
chine? Who ever heard of it at the London fair,
or at any other fair? -It would have been laughed
off th£ field if it had been ttfken there. Present the
farmer in England, or the farmer in the United
States, a machine costing $1,6Q0, with a string of
sixteen horses ahead of it, to go into an ordinary
field to turn corners and reap his grajn, and it
would present to him such another anomaly and
absurdity that*he would hiss to scorn theideathal
he should be asked to purchase it. And yet, sir,
we are asked, under this bill, to legislate a mo-
nopoly into the hands of those people who can-
not manufacture the machines if they would, and
would not if they could; because they can make
more profit under the bill without manufacturing
them. 1 may be going too far when 1 say " be-
cause;" but that is what may be found out after-
wards. I do not want to attribute, and 1 wish to
disavow attributing, to any friend of the bill in
the Senate, any improper motives. In speaking
plainly, 1 wish to be understood, whatever my
language may be, that I disavow that; but I am
speaking, or intend to speak, of the effect of the
bill. Upon that point perhaps enough has been
said.^
I have alleged that, in the first instance, this bill
was not in the form that it has now assumed.
When it was* introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives, in the first instance, a most important
featuie in it was left out. It will be^erceived that
in the provision in regard to improvements, the
language is somewhat peculiar. It is this:
" Together with the improvements invented by them, or
either ot' them, in perfecting said machine, or any part
thereof, from the date of their original patent,"
which, I believe, was in 1836,
" to the day from which the same is hereby renewed and
extended. And the Commissioner of Patents is hereby
directed and required to make <i certificate of Mich renewal
and extension, and append an authenticated copy thereof to
th# original patent,with the proper specifications and claims:
P)bvuled, That the said patentees shall first pay into the
Treasury, to the credit of the patent fund, the fees required
by law foi the renewal or extension of patents: Jlnd pro
vided also, that whenever the said Moore & Hascall, or
their heirs, ass-igns, or legal representatives, shall file m the
office of the Commissioner of Patents an application &peci-
fytng the inventions and improvements claimed under this
act,"
—which, mind you, run back through eighteen
years,
" the said Commissioner shall cause public notice to be
given of the tune and place of hearing and considering said
application, according to the provisions of section eighteen
01 the geneial patent law, approved July 4tti. 1836, and shall
thereupon, determine and decide their right as original in-
ventors, according to Ihe provision* oi this act, to itie claims
embraced in tlieir application ; from which decision an ap-
peal may be taken, as in ordinary cases.
I ought to have commenced reading a little fur-
ther back. The bill provides that there shall be
extended unto the parties,
" the full and exclusive righ.t and liberty of making, con-
structing, using, and vending to olhers to be made or used,
the improvements for cutting, threshing, or cleaning grain,
which were invented' hy tiie said Moore & Hascall, or
either of them, and embraced in the model, drawing, or
specifications."
There is a secret about this matter that has been
mentioned before to the Senate; but there may be
some present who do not remember it. There is
at this time no model existing in this case. The
model was destroyed when the Patent Office was
burned, shortly alter this patent was issued. You
will perceive that anything which is embraced
in the model, drawings, or specifications, is to be
extended to these parties. Upon whom are we
to rely as to what was contained in the model?
Are we to rely upon anything of record? It may
be said that the drawings will show what was in
the model. How do you know it? Because you
will perceive that the provision is not that the Pat-
ent Office is to be governed by what was embraced
in the model, drawings, and specification, but in
either of them. You mayadvertto the drawings,
and you will find a certain partomitted. Look at the
specifications, and you find a certain part not there;
but then comes the allegation that it was in the
model. Why? Because this man who, eighteen
years ago, saw the model in the western country,
in the center of Michigan, knows it was there.
Bring him on. He comes forward and swears to
it. Who is he? What security is there for the
public in this stale of the case? He proves it; and
under this legislation Mooie & Hascall are to be
entitled to a monopoly in their patent; notwith-
standing the same thing may have been patented by
others, and their patent may have expired, for the
fourteen years may have run within the eighteen.
It may have been on the patent of Atkinson, or
of Hussey, or of McCormick, or of others^ but
it is now shown by oral testimony to have been in
the model of Moore & Hascall, which was burnt
sixteen years ago, and therefore they are to be
entitled to take the exclusive right of using them.
!f you allow this, there is not a man now using a
reaping machine, there is not one who will pro-
pose to use one, that will dare to venture upon the
purchase of one of them.
Sir, if I were disposed to engage in such a busi-
ness, I would ask nothing more than to obtain
from Moore &• Hascall the authority to goto every
farmer in the country, and tell him to cease cutting
grain in the harvest time when everything is de-
pending upon his proceeding with his business;
when, perhaps, his pecuniary salvation depends
upon that harvest. I would say to him, "Stop;"
and if he should ask, " Why?" I would say,
" You are using what is embraced.in ray patent."
" My dear sir," he might say, " 1 have used this
machine for ten, twelve, or fourteen years." 1
would reply, " I do not care; Congress has told
me that 1 may go back for eighteen years, and
claim this thing." " How do they tell you so?"
"Why, I had a secret model once; it contained
just what you are using there; it was burnt a long
j time ago, it is true; but Mr. Grimes swears, in
the Patent Office, that it was in the model; and
j here is the seal of the Government telling you that
' it was there; now stop, it is mine." That is what
; I would say to him if I were engaged in a busi-
j ness so nefarious. He would have to stop, or i
j should compel him to do so. If he did not, I
: should levy upon him to the amount, perhaps, of
| everything involved in the harvest; and, God
' knows, that is almost all that some farmers in the
; country have to depend on.
I Sir, 1 am surrounded by a community that ia
! using harvesting machines. I am using them ex-
i tensively myself, and, as God is my judge, if this
bill shall pass, and the patent shall be renewed in
i this form, I do not know how it would be poaei-
; ble for me to feel myself safe in putting my teams
: to the machines, and cutting anotheracre of grain,
j I should almost shudder to ses anybody ooming
1 into the field, when 1 knew this terrible act had
been passed, and that such a monopoly had been
: granted to individuals. When the farmer is told
to stop using his machines, he mightturn to these
. parties and say, " if you will not permit me to use
the machines, in the name of common sense, man-
ufacture one lhat we may have, for we cannot get
manual labor to do the work." " Well, we will
doit." " What price will you charge?" " Only^
$1,600!" t believe the one .which I have cost but
$100 or $150. " Well, with your §1,600 machine,
what team will have to be had?" "Sixteen
horses." " Have you any manufactured?" ,lNo."
" Weil, I do not want it," the reply would be.
They could not sell one if they had it; and if there
was one manufactured it could riot be worked with
an ordinary sized team; and this is the manner in
which the community is to be treated by this
legislation.
But I was adverting to the fact that this feature
was not in the original bill. The original bill, as
introduced into the House of Representatives, did
not contain this model feature. It has assumed
that shape since, no doubt because, as is repre-
sented to honorable members who are advocating
the bill, that it is necessary to have the model
provision in it,/or the persons interested in it
have doubtless said that they cannot get their
rights without its being there. Suppose they can-
not, how easily, its being there, are they enabled
to deprive others of their rights? And hence how
appaient is the injustice which will be done under
us provisions?
Now, Mr, President, to cut short my present
remarks, I will advert to another fact. When
this bill was under consideration in the Senate at
a former Congress, it received at each time but
precious little favor. When it first came from the
House of Representatives, it was recommitted to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
upon the monon of a gentleman no longer a Sen-
ator, [Mr. Wales.] It was then amended m the
committee, and the amended bill was brought back
to the Senate by yourself, I think, (Mr. Dawson
in the chair;) but in that bill, as it went to you,
there was no provision in regard to this burnt
model. After that was done, the bill failed. At
the next Congress it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and came to the Senate. Upon a pretty
full discussion, it was then recommitted to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, as I
understand, with, if not express, implied instruc-
tions that the committee should bring it back as a
bill simply extending the patent. 'This allegation
on my part has been denied by the Senator from
Michisan, [Mr. Stuart;] and I wish now to
bring to the notice of the Senate that from which
1 inferred that the committee was so instructed.
I will read a very short passage from tfee rematka
