1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
somewhat remarkable that the memorial in regard
to this particular road is not approved by the Gov-
ernor. The memorial which appears above it—
the one asking a grant of lands for the education
of the deaf, dumb, and blind—is signed by the
Speakers of both Houses and approved by the Gov-
ernor. The one immediately below the memorial
referred to as justifying this bill, is signed by the
Speaker, &c., but has no approval by the Gov-
ernor! How does this happen; why this differ-
ence ? I will send to the Clerk's table a letter of
ex-Governor Farwell, which the Clerk will read
to the House.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, February 28, 1854.
To the Senators and Rejrresentatives in Congress from the
State of Wisconsin:
Gentlemen: On my arrival in this city on Saturday even-
ins, the 25th instant, my attention was called to the memo
rial of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, passed
April 16, 1852," asking ofCongress the grant of public lands
to aid m the construction ot Railroads in that State, upon
which memorial I understand the action of the delegation
in Congress has been based ; and I find, on examination of
the said memorial, that it is not in the form in which it
■passed the Legislature of the said State.
T would state for your infonnation that an important
amendment ivas attached to the suid memorialas it finally
passed, setting forth the terms upon winch the State of Wis-
consin desired land grants m aid of the railroads within its
borders, which amendment does not now appear in the me
mortal. You will find a memorial, passed April 14, of the
same year, and approved by the Governor, which embodies
the principles of the amendment referred to. I would also
state, that the memorial first mentioned was never presented
to me for Executive approval, but was sent in, contrary to
usage, and without my knowledge, through the office of the
Secretary of State. A reference to the acts passed bv the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, for the year 1852, a
copy of which will be found mi the Congressional Library,
wili'ehow that this memorial alone, of all passed during that
session, did not receive the approval, and does not bear the
Signature of the Governor of the State.
J have deemed it my imperative duty, as the late Governor
ofthe said State, to call your attention to these facts, leaving
you to take such action upon them as you may deem due to
yourselves, and to the interests and honor of the State winch
you represent.
I remain, gentlemen, very respectfully, yourobedientser-
vant, LEONARD J. FARWELL.
That is a letter from the late Governer of that
State; and in looking through this book you will
find the facts to be as he has represented them—
that everything save this single memorial, so far
as I have examined it, has the sanction of the
Governor, in the way of approval, appended to it.
How does it happen?
Mr. EASTMAN, (interrupting.) Will thegen-
tleinan allow me a moment for explanation ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; but be brief.
Mr. EASTMAN". I deem it my duty to make
a few remarks in relation to the matter just alluded
to by the gentleman from Virginia. I will be very
brief.
Mr. LETCHER. Be very short. I have but
a few minutes left.
Mr. EASTMAN. This memorial is published
by, and under the authority of, the State of Wis-
consin, by the State printer.
Mr. LETCHER. I stated that myself.
Mr. EASTMAN. And a copy is sent here
under the great seal of the State, certified to by the
Secretary of State. Now, it must have passed
the two Houses of the Legislature. It received
the signature ofthe Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives and of the President of the Senate, was
signed by the clerks of both the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate, examined by the enroll-
ing and engrossing committee, and then sent to
the printer, at the city of Madison, within thirty
days after U was passed; and now, at this late day,
when the Governor has gone out of office, he
comes here, some two thousand miles from home,
and, in a letter, states, from recollection only, that
which will impeach the acts of the Legislature
which have been published to the world as a part
of the laws of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. LETCHER. And that is the explanation
of the gentleman ! The Governor of the State of
Wisconsin says that his attention was called to
this matter at the time. He informed me m con-
versation, after examining the records, that the
proviso was there; and I shall show you what sort
of a proviso it was from another law. Then, in
addition to that, the gentleman over the way says
that it is not usual for Governors to sign such
things. How came he to sign all the acts, reso-
lutions, and memorials except this one. The gen-
tleman near me [Mr. Dis\tey] says that hp was
stupid in signing any of them. What, sir ! stupid
in conforming his action to a requirement of the
constitution of the State of Wisconsin! What
sort of a proviso was it?
" Provided, The terms of the grant so made shall in no
wise prevent the sale of such lands at the minimum price,
and in the same quantities, at which lands are now sold by
the United States Government." ^
With all due deference to the opinions of other
gentlemen, I think that it is a very sensible pro-
viso, and I think that it would be calculated to
prevent the public lands, donated to that State for
the purposes of internal improvements, from going
into the hands of corporations and speculators,
who would keep them out of market, and so man-
age them as to make out of them the largest amount
of profit. I have the book here with these memo-
rials, and, as far as 1 have observed, this is the
only one—standing out isolated from all the rest—
not having the approval of the Executive of the
State. If everything was fair in regard to this
road, how did this happen ? I will tell you how I
understand it came about. The Secretary of State
of Wisconsin was in favor of unlimited grants, and
was opposed to the proviso which has been ap-
pended by the General Assembly. I understood
the Governor to say that he took it upon him-
self to cut off the proviso, and withhold it from
publication.
Is there not enough in this case to excite the
suspicions of this House? Is there not enough
in it to demand at our hands that the bill under
consideration should go to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, and that
the people of Wisconsin should have an oppor-
tunity of being heard? Let the people of that
State decide whether they are for or against it.
Let us have time to send to the State of Wiscon-
sin and get a certified copy of the memorial, as it
passed the Legislature, from the office of the Sec- j
retary of State. Give the people of the'State an
opportunity to speak out, and see how far they j
sustain the Governor in the course which he has j
taken in regard to this railroad bill. I hope, then, ;
that the House, taking lesson from what has al- j
ready occurred in the history of this case, will refer j
this bill to the Committee of the Whole. I hope j
that the House, when the friends of particular ;
schemes have been heard to their own entire sat- |
isfaction, will not allow the gag to be applied when '
any other member desires to raise his voice against j
a scheme which he believes to be of doubtful |
character, to say the least of it; that they will ;
teach this Committee on Public Lands that they
must take their chances with the other committees
in the House for the consideration and examina-
tion of their bills. There is nothing in this bill, j
itstrikes me, that should commend it to the favor- ;
able action of this House. 1 hope, sir, this is the
last time the Committee on Public Lands will at-
tempt to gag the opponents of their bills, and force
them through the House under the operation of
the previous question.
But, sir, 1 design, at a proper time, to offer a !
substitute for this bill. I send it to the ClerkV '
desk, and ask that it may be read for information
in the few minutes of my time that are yet left. It
was prepared some years ago by my distinguished !
colleague in the other end of the Capitol, [Mr.
Hunter.] I think its provisions arejustand wise,
and I hope it will receive fair consideration from
those who are interested in the land question. 1
shall offer it, and see how far it will receive the ,
approbation of our friends from the land States. ;
The Clerk then read the bill, as follows: j
A bill to provide for the sale of certain portions of the pub-
lic lands to the State? within which they he, for the pur-
pose of constructing railroads and canals.
Beit enacted hy the Senate and House of Repi escntativcs
ofthe United States of America inCongrcbS ii>semb1etUTh'<it
whenever a State proposes to chartei a railroad oi canal to
run through the lands of the United States, and to acccpt ;
the benefit ot the provisions of this act, upon due notice of
the lact being given to the Secretarj of the Interior, it shall
be his duty to set apart, ofthe lands subject to private ent?> ^
seven thousand six hundred and eight) acies per mile of
railroad or canal, within six miles on each <-ule of >aid rail-
road ; or if that quantity of such lands cannot be found
within those hunts, then that amount ot lands, subject to i
pnvate entty. withm twelve miles of each side of said pub- ]
he work, shall he set apart by the designation of legally I
authoiized State officers, with the consent of said Secie-
tary, as near as may be in one body; and the same shall be ,
withdrawn from private entry, by public advertisement of ,
the Secretary of the Interior, except in the manner and torm
hereinafter prescribed. The minimum price per acre of ,
these lands shall be one dollar and iweutj five cents, for ;
those which have been subject to private entry nor more J
than ten years; one dollar for those which have been so i
subject for not less than ten nor more than twenty years;
and seventy-five cents for those which have been so subject
for more than twenty years: Provided,, however, That
mineral lands, salines, and lands reserved by law for other
purposes, shall not be considered as coming within the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That whenever a State
through which the said railroad or canal passes, ^nd in
which the said lands may he, shall desire to do so, it may
select all, or such part as it chooses, of the lands so re-
served, as preemption, at the minimum prices hereinbe-
fore established, which the lands would bear when set apart
by the Secretary of the Interior. But the State must
take up and pay in cash lor said lands, or otherwise its
right to them shall be forfeited, either within six years
from the time when set apart by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, or by the time the railroad or canal is finished, if it
should be completed before the expiration of the said six
years. But during this period the State may sell the lands
thus reserved to individuals or corporations: Provided,
That no title shall be given to the purchaser until he pre-
sents to the receiver cf the proper land office a certificate
of purchase, duly authenticated, according to the law of
the State from which it issues, and obtains the receipt from
the said receiver, for the use of the United States, iheprice
herein fixed as the minimum per acre for winch the lands
shall be sold. Upon the issue of the receipt for the money
and certificate as aforesaid, the litle shall be given in the
manner nowprescribed by law: Provided, however, That,
with the exception of the certificate as aforesaid, the land
shall be entered, and the title given, according to the same
forms, and m the same quantities, now prescribed by the
laws of the United States: Jlnd provided further, That if,
at the expiration of the period beyond which the State is
prohibited from entering the said lands, it shall expose them
jilt for sale, in the manner and upon the terms herein pre-
scribed for sales by it to individuals and corporations, that
the further time ot two yearsshall be given to it to complete
the sales of said lands as aforesaid,through the land offices
of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the right of way
for any railroad or canal, chartered by a State to run through
the lands, of the United States, shall he given to the State
for the use of said railroad or canal; and that in the event
of a difference between the Postmaster General and the
railroad company as to the compensation for cairying the
mail-s of the United States, the matter shall be settled by
mutual agreement between the PostmasterGeneral and the
Governor of the State in which such railroad lies; and that
the benefit of thi« act can only be claimed when the charter
provides, bv sufficient forfeitures and penalties, (in the
opinion of the Postmaster General,) for forcing the railroad
company ot companies to perform the said award ; or when,
in the ea*e of companies already chartered, the end can be
effected by contracts and stipulations satisfactory to the
Po>tmaster General.
See. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the lands pur-
chased bv the State under tin* act are to be applied by said
State for the construction of the railroad or canal for which
they were reserved; but the time and manner of selling
them, and the mode of appropriating them, shall be determ-
ined by the State itself to whom the proceeds of this fund
belongs after its application to die construction of the said
puhhe woiks: Prodded, however, That the acceptance by
the Slate of the benefits of the provisions of this act shall
be considered as implying no objection on its part to appro-
priate the said lands as prescribed in tins act.
Si :o. 5. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That this act shall
take effect from us passage.
[I add an extract from the speech of the late
Judge Woodbury, of New Hampshire, delivered
in the United States Senate, February 23, 1830,
on the subject of the disposition of the public
lands, which is worthy of attention:
Public Lands, Senate, February 23,1830.
Mr. Woodbury. Not examining the particular kind of
sales the Government can make for the common benefit,
'•uoli as grants to the new States for such schools.receiving
virtual compensation theretoi, by having the rest of the
| land treed tiom taxation, I merely lay down what 1 sup-
I poM) to b«' the general punciple,
1 On that principle, no reasoning has been offered which
convinces me thai lands can be legally appropriated to any
I object for winch we might not leg.illy appropriate money.
; The lands are a* much the propei ty ofthe Union a* its money
j in the Treasury. The cessions and purchases of them were
! as much lor the benefit of all as the collection of the money.
! The Constitution, as well as common sense, senilis to be to
[ recognize no difference: and if the money can only beappro-
! priaterf to specified objects, it follows that the land can only
j be so appropriated. Within those specified objects, I have
' ever been, and ever shall be, as ready to give lands or money
' to the \Ve*t as to the East; but beyond them, f never have
j been ready to give either to either. Towards certain enu-
I merated objects Congress have authority to devote the
: common funds, the land, or the money, because those ob-
1 iect« were supposed to be better managed under their cori-
! tiol than under tiiat ofthe State: but the care of the other
objects* is reserved to the State-? themselves, and can only
be promoted bv the common fund', in a return or division
of the^e funds to proprietors, to be expended as they may
deem judicious . .
The whole debate on these points goes to satisfy my
mmd of the correctness of that construction of the Consti-
tution which hold* no grants of money or lands vaiid,
unless to advance some of the enumerated objects in-
trusted to Congress. When we once depart from that great
landmark, m the appropriation of lands or mone>, and
wander into indefinite notions of "common good," or of
the " general welfare,"" we are, in my opinion, at «ea with-
out compass or rudder; and in a Government of acknowl-
edged limitation*, we put everything at the capnce of a
fluctuating niajoritv heie, pronouncing that to bo tor the
"enerat welfare to-dav, winch to-morrow mat be denounced
as a general cuise. Were the Government not limited, this
bioad discretion would, of course, be necessary and right.
