2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
desks in the Post Office Department, not to exceed the half-
pay of a clerk for the time he was employed.
Mr. Laurie, I understand, is a clerk of very
superior qualifications, and it was found necessary
at the cipse of every year, in order to secure ac-
curacy in the making out of certain returns, that
he should perform the duties of two desks, on
account of the limited number of clerks and the
large amount of business in the Department. It
is certified by the Assistant Postmaster General
that Mr. L.'s statement is correct, in which he
say she works there sometimes until twelve o 'clock
at night. The returns, I understand, are always
found correct. It is by no means a precedent, for
j there will not likely be found a similar ease.
I The amendment was agreed to.
/ Mr. BROWN. I offer the following amend-
i ment to the bill:
  Sec. —. JlnA be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized and required to establish a mail on
the Mississippi river Irom Cairo to New Orleans, and coil-
tract for the same for one line, or in such divisions and sec-
tions, or both, as will be most compatible with the public
interest; and to facilitate the execution of this section, the
Postmaster General may make immediate temporary ar-
rangements for carrying said mail by separate boats, and if
he tails to obtain separate boats, after advertising for thirty
days, he may make private contracts for carrying said mail.
Said mails shall not be carried more than seven, or less than
three times a week, each way; but if the Postmaster Gen-
eral is of opinion that a daily mail is needed over one part
of the route, and tri-weekly mailsover another part, he may
contract accordingly.
Mr. President, the southern,southwestern,and
western Senators know that for years we have
been struggling to get a mail on the river Missis-
sippi. Itis the mostimportantservicetothepeo-
ple of that section of the country that can be de-
vised; and yet from one cause or another we have
been delayed year after year, and 1 venture to say
it is the only river which supports as much com-
merce as that does, or one fifth or one tenth part,
•which has not a mail. Why, sir, the commerce
of the Mississippi is more in the aggregate than
the whole exports of the Union put together. I
saw it estimated last year at $250,000,000; and
that is more, I say again, notwithstanding my
friend from Florida [Mr. Mallory] shakes his
head, than the whole of your foreign exports. I
have seen an estimate, coming from what I think
competentauthority, that within the last two years
it has been $250,000,000. At all events it is very
great. And yet, notwithstanding that state of
affairs, we have been unable to get anything like
mail service upon that stream. I think the time
has come when there should be a change in this
regard. The amendment proposes to authorize
the Postmaster General to put service upon the
river from Cairo to New Orleans. Hehasservice
from Louisville and St. Louis, and all the points
above that as far as Cairo. This-will be directing
a further continuance of the line from Cairo to
New Orleans. In addition to that, if he thinks
proper, he may fill up the intermediate points by
short routes. 1 propose that for this reason: t
know very well that the Postmaster General can-
not have the mail carried from New Orleans to
Cairo six limes a week, and land at all the inter-
mediate points; because, if a boat undertook to
stop at every one. of the landings on the river, it
would take some seven or eight days to go up;
and ifa boat wererequired thus to ascend theriver
from New Orleans to Cairo, it would carry no
freight, no passengers, and not even the mail, be-
cause some boat going ahead of it would take the
whole. I propose, therefore, that the Postmaster
General be authorized to make a contract, if he
thinks proper, to run through the whole line, stop-
ping, of course, at the principal points, and then
that, between the intermediate points, ho may
make short routes.
This is all arranged after mature deliberation
and study; and if the Postmaster General attempts
to execute it he can do it, and put service upon
the river cheaper under this amendment than
under any other scheme, in my opinion, that can
possibly be devised. Without detaining the Sen-
ate, 1 will simply say, that having studied the
subject,:i think: I ■understand what I am about.
Mr. ttUNIER. I am not able to estimate
what would be the precise effect of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Mississippi. It does
not propose a direct appropriation of money, but
tnen I am uncertain as to how much money it may
require to carry it into execution. Nor do I know
how far it proposes an advantageous arrangement
in relation to the mails. Do I understand it to
come from a committee ?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir. It does not propose
any appropriation whatever—not a sixpence; but
it simply proposes to authorize the Postmaster
General to contract for carrying the mail on that
river. Let me tell the Senator from Virginia this:
We have a law authorizing a mail upon the river,
and the Postmaster General undertakes to execute
it in this way: He advertises for the service, and
he gets extravagant bids, which he rejects. He
advertises again and again, gets bids which he
rejects, and so it goes on from year to year. In
the mean time we get no mail; and we are getting
tired of that. The reason why the Postmaster
General does not get proper bids is this: He ad-
vertises from one point to another where no boats
land; and if he is to have good boats built especi-
ally to carry the mail, it will be at so enormously an
increased expense, that the thing will be imprac-
ticable. Thisamendmentauthorizeshim to make
such contracts on such routes as he thinks proper
to make them on; and I will tell the Senator why
I do that. There are packets running from New
Orleans to Natchez,forinstanee. Let him contract
with a packet to run the mail that length. Then
there are packets from Vicksburg to Napoleon.
Let him ;nake contracts with those packets.
There are others from Napoleon to Memphis.
Let him contract with them. Then, again, there*
are those from Memphis to Cairo. Let him con-/
tract with them. Then he has a continuous line!
made up by these four lines, which can run in\
connection; but under tfie present law the Post-ffl
master General advertises for the line from Louis- j|
ville to New Orleans. He cannot have the mail ||
carried in that way. I do not care if he paid out
millions of dollars for it, it cannot be done. Why ?
First, because of the expenditure. A boat starts
from New Orleans, and if it undertook to stop at
every point to lane! the mail, it would require ten
days to go up the river, and a boat of less speed
going up with nothing but freight and passengers,
would go up in seven days. Will a merchant of!
New Orleans put his mail in the first boat when j
it takes three days longer than another boat'
Certainly not. Can a boat get passengers which
will take three days longer than another ? Can it
get freight, or anything else? Four mail boats,
under that system, would simply run up and
down the river, carrying no mail, no freights, no
passengers—nothing. It would be of no practical
utility whatever. What I want is, that the Post-
master General may be authorized to contract for
one continuous line, stopping at the principal
commercial points, such as Baton Rouge, Vicks-
burg, Napoleon, Memphis, &c., where all the
boats stop anyhow; and then by way of supplying
the little offices on the river he can put in short
packets, and contract, for instance, for running a
packet from New Orleans to Vicksburg, another
from Vicksburg to Napoleon, another from Napo-
leon to Memphis, and another from Memphis to
Cairo, all which I know is practicable; and in
that way you can get the service required. I will
say to the Senator from Virginia that the Post-
master General informed me he did n®t want any
appropriation.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask what the
probable cost of a contract would be made in
conformity with the amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. If my friend from Missis-
sippi will allow me, I will ask the Senator from
California what is the cost of the Shanghai line?
What is the cost of the Pacific lines generally?
What is the cost of the Atlantic lines ? What is
the cost of the whole of them ? Sir, I venture to
say that if you connt them up, you will find that
it is millions; but here is the Mississippi river in
our midst, where a mail has never yet been carried
with any kind of regularity or benefit to the com-
munity. I see here Senators all over the floor
who are interested in this matter; their constitu-
ents are all interested in it, and a very large portion
of the Union is interested in it. I believe one
half of the whole Union is interested, and yet
there never has been a systematic or regular line
upon all that river, a river which carries the com-
merce mentioned by my friend from Mississippi.
He says itis $250,000,000annually. I never be-
fore heard it estimated at less than $300,000,000,
and the country is still going on increasing in
prosperity and business, yet there is no mail line
there. When the demand is constant, when it is
incessant, when the business relations of the
country are so direct, so immediate, and so im-
mense, still there is no line there, and there never
has been an effort made to get a line. Here are
the Senators from Indiana, from Ohio, from Illi-
nois, and from Virginia all interested in it. Dis-
tant as Virginia is, she is at one end of the line,
and all these States, and all that lie below—the
Northwest, the South—all the South except the
States on the Atlantic slope—are deeply interested,
and yet an adequate effort has never been made to
put mail service on that route. It is astonishing
to me that this has never been done before.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word ? There is already a law upon the
statute-book providing for this service. 'The only
reason why it is not executed, is, that the Post-
master General has not yet made the contract
which the law requires.
( Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] has explained the difficulty in re-
gard to that. He has made an investigation of
the subject. That law has been standing very
long on the statute-book; but it has been inoper-
ative and ineffective. It has stood there as a
usele'ss enactment. It has never produced the
effect which it was designed to produce. I believe
that the amendment which is now before us will
be effective, and that it will obtain for all that im-
mense number of people the object desired. If
there is any one project in regard to mail facilities
which has been brought before this country that
ought, from its size, its character and description,
to be more absorbing and overpowering than any
other, in connection with mail matters, it certainly
seems to me it should be this. I can only say
that I am confounded and surprised that this
thing has never been effected before. I do hope
that the effort which my friend from Mississippi
makes to have a route established there, and put
in operation in spite of all the little difficulties
which seem to have surrounded it heretofore, and
to have virtually destroyed it during the past two
or three years altogether, will succeed. I believe
if it is done as he proposes, it will be effective;
and I repeat, I am astonished that some such plan
has not been adopted heretofore. Here are the
Senators from Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; from
Missouri, Iowa, and Wisconsin; from Arkansas
and Louisiana; from Mi#sissippi, Kentucky, and
Tennessee; here are those from Virginia and
Pennsylvania, all interested in this proposition;
and I do hope that they will look at the matter
seriously, as it stands; and I cannot but believe
that while we are having linjp across the Pacific
and the Atlantic, our internal communication will
be deemed worthy of some consideration, and to
have some merit in it. It seems to me to be ex-
ceedingly strange that we cannot get any system
established, and that we have been utterly unable
to do it heretofore.
Mr. WELLER obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator allow me to
answer his question before he proceeds ?
Mr. WELLER. I want to speak of the man-
ner in which that question has been answered. I
expect to vote for this amendment; and I did'ex-
press my surprise that no direct plan had been
adopted for the transportation of the mail upon the
Ohio ^nd Mississippi rivers. I am a friend, there-
fore, to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. Desiring, however, to know what would
be the probable cost for transporting the mail, I
asked the Senator, in good faith, to inform me if
he had the necessary data in his possession, what
would be the probable cost of carrying out this
plan? The Senator from Arkansas, to whom I
put no interrogatory upon the subject, comes in,
and instead of answering th*e question, proceeds
to make a fling at a bill which passed, providing
mail facilities from California to Shanghai.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will pardon me
for interrupting him. So far from intending it as
a fling, I voted, and no man knows it better than
the honorable Senator, for that bill. It was not a
fling, for I would not make a fling at it.
Mr. WELLER. I know the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas did that, buthe let down upon
me to-day when I was making an effort to get a
weekly mail for my constituents. He saw proper
then to record his vote against me. He thinks he
ought to have a daily mail on the Mississippi
river for the convenience of his constituents, and
1 agree that they ought to have it; but when I
