1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
which were made by myself at that time, after
the conclusion of which the motion to recommit
was made, put, and carried. I said:
"I have made myself to a considerable extent an inter-
ested party in tins matter, because 1 represent an agricul-
tural country, and I do not want the farmers of that region
to be placed in this predicament. I have begeed the parties
to take a simple extension of the patent. They will not do
it. And now, since they have come to u^md asked lor
legislation, my advice is, that we take this TWll and amend
it, and make it a simple bill extending the patent of the^e
gentlemen, and then let them have it. In order that this
may be done, i move to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office '
" The motion was agreed to; there being, on a division-
ayes 22, noes 18."
Mr, STUART. What is the date of that?
Mr. WALKER. The 25th of February, 1853.
This then was the manner in which the bill went
back to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, the second time. Itmay be said that there
was no order instructing the committee to amend
it, making- it a bill for the simple extension of the
patent; but, sir, 1 will venture to say that every
Senator who was present then understood that it
was implied that if the committee brought back
the bill at all, it was to bring it back in the form
implied m those instructions, for the motion was
made expressly, as was then declared, 44 in order
that this might be done."
Immediately the vote was taken in the Senate,
and they voted, as I implied, that the bill should
go back to the committee, in order that it might
be thus amended. 1 believe the committee did
not return the bill at that session. It was true it
was near the close of the session; but it would not
have taken either a member of the committee or
its clerk five minutes to draw up a bill extending
the patent in the simple language in which patents
are extended,and then it could have been reported
back to the Senate if that had been done. Being
one of those who principally opposed it, f stood
pledged to vote for it. I stand so now. Bring in
a bill extending the patent simply, and I will vote
for it to-day, to-morrow, or on any other day on
which I may be called upon to do so. I have not
the slightest aversion to the gentlemen asking for
the extension of their patent; but I do ask in my
own name, as one of the class, and in the name
of the agricultural community, that such an enor-
mity as this shall not be passed by Congress; that
they shall not be subjected to the power of any
man or any two men m America; for whatever
may be said upon the subject, I have my convic-
tions that everything can be dune, under the pro-
visions of this bill, that I have alleged can be
done.
Why, Rir, should we step forward at this late
day and revert these parties to their alleged rights?
Why, when they made an improvement two
years after their first patent was taken out, did
they not come forward and patent that? Why,
when four years after the patent was taken out,
they made another improvement, did they not
patent that, and so on, from tune to tune, until
they had perfected theirmachine? Why did they
not do it? The patent laws gave them the right
andtpower to do it. Theie aie express provisions
in the patent laws upon the subject. They did
not do it. They lay back while other ingenious
minds were at work in the country, during the
period of eighteen years, making inventions and
improvements in harvesting machines, have per-
fected their rights, have gone to the Patent Office,
have acted up to the law, and have obtained their
patents; and now, after all this has been done, it
is proposed that, at one fell swoop, we shall strike
from them all their rights under it, and confer
them upon Moore & Hascail, of Michigan, say-
ing to all others stand aside, and to ail who have
purchased machines, cease using them. That is
the effect of the bill. I do not believe it is de-
signed by the Senators from Michigan to be its
effect; but that it is so 1 have not the"least doubt.
I do not blame them for their advocacy of it, upon
two grounds. In the first place, these gentlemen
are their constituents; and in the second place,
their Legislature has instructed them to go for the
bill. But in these instructions, I will venture to
say, it was never dreamed that, by the words
" extending their patent," they were also to em-
brace every improvement running through a pe-
riod of eighteen years, for which a patent had
been given to anybody else.
Mr. STUART. It perhaps, sir, is not the
least difficult task for a man to undertake to an-
swer an argument that is made up wholly of illim-
itable statements and declarations. I conceive
that if a gentleman were to rise in his place to-
day, and tell the Senate of the United States that
to-morrow, at noon, the sun would be extin-
guished, the earth would be annihilated, and the
whole planetary system would be utterly and en-
tirely destroyed, there is not a man m the world
who could refute that argument by reason and
logic. He could only say, he did not believe it.
Now, sir, I find myself very much in that posi-
tion. f
The Senator from Wisconsin started by char-
acterizing this bill as one of the greatest enormi-
ties that ever was sought to be practiced upon the
credulity of the Senate of the United States. If
there is a word in the English language which is
more extended in its signification of infamy than
that which has been employed by the Senator
from Wisconsin, it is a word which has never
reached my notice. He tells you that the attempt
is made by this bill to give to Moore & Hascail
not that which they have invented, and to which
they have a right, but all that they claim; and he
says he knows they will claim everything that
attaches to any reaping machine which has ever
been invented, or is now in use.
Mr. WALKER. I say they have done it, and
they can do it under this bill.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, i will not
undertake to deal in any such language as that
which has been indulged in by the Senator from
Wisconsin, although I shall meet him very cor- ;
dially in saying of him, as he does of me, that I
do not impute to him any improper motives. I
wiil take it for granted that the Senator is mis-
taken from the commencement to the termination
of his argument.
I trust the Senate will indulge me in sayingthat
this whole transaction, from the time of its incep- ;
; tion down to its completion, has been carried on '
I in the county in which I reside—within twelve or
j fouiteen miles of my own residence—and if there
i is any subject which I have had an opportunity
to understand, by observation ana by examina-
tion, from first to last, it is the subject which is
now before the Senate of the United States. And
when the Senator from Wisconsin tells me that L
am here the advocate of a measure which carries
upon its face, and in its effect, such petfidy, as he
ascribes to this, when 1 know all about it, no
other inference can be drawn from his language— I
however he may intend it—except that I am here j
in the dishonest advocacy of a very dishonest j
measure. This is a subject about which 1 cannot j
plead ignorance. I do notstund here as the advo- ,
cate of these men. I do not stand here with any !
particular solicitude in regard to them, because ■
they are immediate constituents of mine. 1 stand
here to-day, Mr. President, not only seeking, but
desiring, to pledge what little reputation i possess
in the opinion of my colleagues in this body, upon
the fact that this measure is the reverse of what
the Senator from Wisconsin has characterized it,
from the beginning to the end. I will seek to
show the truih of what I say m a few words, for
1 do not intend to give out to the Senate, as the
Senator has done, that I am going to discuss the
subject at any very considerable length. I can
stale the case m a nut-shell.
The inventors, who are sought to be provided
for in this bill, are very intelligent men; and I
may say of the one, who is, perhaps, more im-
mediately concerned, Mr. Moore, that he is one
of the ablest men that can be found in the coun-
try. He is not only able as a farmer, but he is
able as a mechanic and an 'inventor; and he is
entirely free from that difficulty which almost
always follows a high order of inventive talent; [
he is not visionary; he does not spend his time !
nor spend his money about subjects which can be j
of no practical good. Looking abroad, sir, upon !
our prairies m 1832, he discovered at once that a !
single man, with a team, could, besides attending j
to his ordinary farming business, put in eighty
acres of wheat; but he saw instantly that it re-
quired a great many men to harvest that wheat in
the ordinary method, by a cradle. He therefore
saw, either that a great portion of the western
country, consisting of prairie land, must lie com-
paratively idle and unproductive, or else means
must be employed to provide for harvesting after
the crop was in and ready to be harvested. He
said to his neighbois, "1 believe I can invent a
machine which will harvest this wheat perfectly."
As a matter of course, they all laughed at him.
They did not believe him any more than a man
would have believed, a few years before it was
demonstrated, that intelligence could be commu-
nicated by telegraph. He went to work, how-
ever—to do what? I wish to call the attention of
Senators to the work which this gentleman set
about. It was to produce a machine which would
go into the field, and could thresh, clean up, and put
into bags the wheat at the rate of th ree acres an hou r.
That was a pretty large undertaking. Has he suc-
ceeded ? The report of the committee says he has;
and as thematter has passed under my own obser-
vation, 1 know it to be so. Since he began, in
1836, to try his machine, I have sesn it operate
annually; and I tell you, sir, and I pledge myself
to the Senateof the United States, that u does this
work more thoroughly than it can be done in any
other way. It is done with less waste. There is
less loss of wheat by shelling. The farmer gets
more bushels of wheat into his barn by this mode
than any other which has yet been proposed.
It will be seen at a glance that it necessarily
took a good deal of time to complete the invention
of a machine of this kind, so as to makeit perfect.
The outline of it, of course, cost a great deal of
time, labor, and money; but when the outline
of it was perfected, the machine must be tried.
It could only be tried in harvest time, and Sen-
ators who are acquainted with grain growing, will
see that it could only be tried while the wheat
was lit to thresh. With the cradle you begin a
week before the wheat is ready to thresh; but
j with this machine you cannot operate until the*
j wheat is ready to thresh, because it cuts, threshes,
■ and cleans up at once. For this reason the time
j during which the machine can be operated is
j reduced to ten days, or two weeks at the outside.
Thus a man could experiment but once a year
with a machine to do this great work. He could
experiment only ten days in that year; and then,
however defective his machine might be found to
be, he had to go over until next year before he
could perfect it and try it again.
Moore & Hascail took out their patent in 1836.
It was necessary for their protection. The ma-
chine patented was a somewhat crude one, and
far from being perfect. They then commenced
operations; and what has been the fact? Why,
they had fourteen trials under their patent, one
every year—the patent runningfor fourteen years,
and they could only test it jn harvest time. They
had theiefore, I say, in order to perfect a machine
of this magnitude, complication, and importance,
fourteen trials of it under a patent; and that is all
! they have had.
j Mr. President, it seems to me that I need not
j elaborate this question. Senators, like courts, are
: legally presumed to know something. It will be
seen from these facts that the whole time of the
patent was necessarily exhausted in perfecting the
machine; and it would be, I think, a most fortu-
nate occurrence if a man could perfect such a ma-
chine as this in fourteen trials after he had got the
crude invention together.
Thus the matter stood at the expiration of the
time limited by the patent. Thesegentlemen said
to themselves then, "the Constitution of the
United States in terms gives to inventors the
exclusive useof their inventions for a limited time
as a recompense. The Congress of the United
States have passed a general law, by which an
inventor, after his machine is perfected, shall have
a patent for fourteen years, and if he is not remu-
nerated within that term of fourteen years, the
Commissioner of Patents is authorized to extend
the patent for seven years more, so that he has
twenty-one years' Use of a machine after it is per-
fected." We know that the greater number of
machines can be perfected in secret, and when a
party takes out his patent he is ready to com-
mence the full tide of operations, and then he has
for twenty-one years the full and perfect use of a
complete machine. These gentlemen, as the re-
port states and as I know, found themselves at the
end of fourteen years where ordinary inventors
are when they get their patents—just ready to do
something. Well then what did they say? They
said " if we go on and take an extension of this
patent now for seven years, we shall only have
one third of what is given to ordinary inventors;
we will therefore ask the Congress of the United
States to extend our patent for fourteen years,
