1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
and we will show them the reason why it ought
to be done."
I will not dwell much upon the history of this
case, but 1 will briefly go over the points. They
applied, as I stated in the report, in 1850, in time,
so that if Congress, in the ordinary course of legis-
lation, had refused the patent, they could still have
gone to the Patent Office, and got an extension there
forseven years. That extension, of course, would
have been confined to the original patent, and
would have been very far from doing them justice.
The House of Representatives passed the bill in
1850, and it came here to the Senate, but did not
receive the action of this body. At the last Con-
gress, as early, I think, as the 8th of February,
1852, at any rate, early in that month, when 1
was a member of the House of Representatives,
the House passed the bill. It remained herein the
Senate during the whole of that long session, and
was not touched. On the 25th of February, 1853,
as the Senator from Wisconsin has shown, five
or six days before the termination of the Con-
gress, by dint of exertion, my distinguished col-
league [Mr. Cass] and his associate at that time,
[Mr. Felcii,] got the consent of the Senate to
take up the bill. It was at a time when we were
surrounded by all the appropriation bills for the
service of the country, and only five or six days
of the session were left. We know that, under
such circumstances, members are unwilling to
attend to private interests at all; and it was only
as a matter of courtesy to the Senators who
occupied the floor at the time, that it came up at
all. The Senator from Wisconsin made just such
a speech then, as he has made to-day. He fiight-
ened some men, not so much by what he said, as
by the manner in which he said it. He character-
ized this as a transaction fraught with infamy of
the deepest dye. He said that his own reapers
in his own fields would be stopped if Congress
passed the bill. Sir, ordinary courtesy would
prevent the Senate from walking into the harvest
field of the Senator from Wisconsin, and stopping
his harvesting in the midst of harvest time, and
letting his grain go into the ground again. I was
not a member of this body at ttfat time, but I was
in the Chamber at the time, and I listened to the
Senator, and I confess I was as much amazed at
his argument then as I have been to-day.
That is the whole transaction up to that time.
Here is a bona fide invention of a most important
character, ready to be used profitably to the in-
ventors, and they simply ask the privilege. Why
shall it be refused ?
The Senator says there is one portion of this
bill that is wrong, because it seeks to renew what-
ever was contained in the (i model, drawings, or
specifications, instead of saying " the model,
drawings, and specifications." I draw the atten-
tion of the Senate to this fact, because I want the
bill understood. I want it to meet every objec-
tion, and I wish to have the judgment of Senators
on this question after it is thoroughly tested and
understood. If it will not bear the light of examin-
ation, far be it from me to ask them to pass the
bill. But, sir, what are the facts? This was an
invention patented in 1836. There was much less
skill then in preparing specifications than there is
now. Congress thought it necessary and proper
to pass a general law, by which, when specifica-
tions were imperfect, the inventors might yield
them up and have a new hearing, and have em-
braced within their patent whatever they were
actually entitled to.
Now, Mr. President, I ask the Senate—and I
invite the especial attention of the Senators who
are present—if they can conceive of a single inven-
tion, which, in its character, would be less sus-
ceptible of the practice of fraud than this one
under the yielding up of the specifications and
taking new ones? Here is an immense machine.
It is worked in the open field, where the whole
community see it. It is not so complicated-in its
character but*that every farmer can understand it.
He can see every part of it; and, therefore, when
the inventor undertakes to claim what he is not
entitled to, you can produce a whole cloud of wit-
nesses, as many as weresummoned to try George
III. at the bar of Paradise. Everybody, every
farmer, could be called upon at once and say, " I
have seen this machine operate for five or six
years, and there is no such thing in it." Any at-
tempt at fraud in this way would be detected at
once. The model has been burnt up. Who is to
blame for that? It was placed in the Patent Office
of the United States, an insecure building. The
Office took fire and burnt up, and in that burning
these men's model was consumed. They, there-
fore, must produce another model, and must re-
sort to parol evidence to show its identity. Is
there any other way known by which they can
secure other evidence? Certa'inly Then
where is the danger? If you give men what
they nave actually invented—for the bilLlimns
them to that—what they are the first and actually
inventors of, has anybody else a right to it? I
ask the question, has anybody a right to what
these men invented ? How did they get it? The
worst phase that can be put upon this matter is,
that it is not a question between these inventors
and other inventors, but between these inventors
and the public. JNrow, the Constitution says, in-
ventors shall be entitled to the exclusive use of
their own invention for a reasonable time. Is
there any other means of ascertaining what they
invented than such asfare provided for in this bill?
Certainly none at all.
Again, objection is made to this bill because it
proposes to give these men what they invented
while they were improving the machine. I come,
now, to some places where it is necessary for me
to correct the Senator from Wisconsin. He says,
the bill gives these men the whole range of eighteen
years from the time they took out their patent to
this day. That is a very great mistake. The bill
gives tfiem the right to claim such original inven-
tions as they themselves made in peifecung this#
machine during the fourteen years while they held
the patent, and were actually perfecting it. That
is the language of the bill. Here is a point to
which I can bring the Senator to a demonstiation
in argument. The bill provides that this patent
shall be renewed for the term of fourteen years
from the 27th of June, 1850. It provides that the
k renewed patent shall include " the improvements
invented by them or either of them, in peif'ect-
mg said machine,"—1 call particular attention to
this—"fiora the date of their original patent to
the day from which the same is hereby renewed
and extended." That is, from the date of their
patent in June, 1836, to the time from which we
now propose to extend it, June, 1850. 1 mention
this for more purposes than one. I mention it to
show that in the zeal, I may say the unparalleled
zeal with which the Senator from Wisconsin at-
tacks this measure every time he gets a chance at
it, and in his zeal to characterize its enormity, he
has overlooked the express language of the bill.
Sir, what is there unreasonable in the proposi-
tion ? These men, as i have said, were necessarily
engaged in perfecting their machine. Wherever
they found it defective, they had to make a new !
invention. !
Here is another fact to which I will refer in this |
connection. If these men were of the character j
that the Senator from Wisconsin seeks to satisfy i
the Senate they are, mere blood-suckers upon the !
producing community, they would have gone on |
and patented those little inventions for improve- .
ments as fast as they made them. They would i
have do/ie what has been done by some others in \
this country, whom I could name, who are under- j
taking to get great eclat before the community, and j
every two or three years are taking out new pat- ;
ents for a part of the identical machine originally i
patented. But, sir, I can tell the Senator from ;
Wisconsin that there isa wide distinction between 1
these individuals and some others. They are hon- j
est men. They were seeking in this invention to :
give to the community the most valuable machine j
that has been invented, and were not stopping \
every year or two to take out a separate patent J
for an arrangement of a seat, or for a mere divid- ,
ing iron running through between the gram to be !
cut and the standing grain. They did not deal in j
that sort of small fry for the purpose of laying ,
their fangs on original and honest inventors, and i
thereby taxing the community. They are a dif- j
ferent class of men from that. As I said before, j
they kept on perf&ting their machine. The bill j
proposes to give them an extension for such im- !j
provements as they made in perfecting it. Why i;
is this necessary? Without this provision, the jj
extension is good for nothing. J
The Senator from Wisconsin may well tell the jj
Senate that he is perfectly willing that their ori- ij
gtnal patent shall be extended for the crude and j|
imperfect machine for which they took out a pat- i|
I ent in 1836, He may say so, because there is no
, claim that the original patent of 1836 interferes
I with certain otherclaims which, but for the agents
[of some men, would not trouole the Senate. I
j wish Senators to understand that if Moore & Has-
| call simply asked for an extension of their original
, patent, men who have made $300,000 or $400,000
1 out of their inventions would not be here to-day,
battling this bill as this is contested. There is the
cause; there is the difficulty. 1 say these people
may well say they do not object to the extension
of the original patent.
Now, sir, I ask—and I ask it with some sort of
confidence and not a little of feeling—Mf, when the
Senate of the United States is presented with a
bill which is simply to put these men on a footing
with others, which is to gtve them a patent for
what they shall actually prove, after notice and full
hearing, that they originally invented, it can, with
propriety, be characterized as an enormous pmpo-*
sition? Sir, I know something about this matter;*
I know a little about the sgencies; 1 know a little
about the propelling power; and, sir, I can say to
you that I know on some subjects a little more
j than 1 wish to know.
! But, sir, my object is to call the attention of the
j Senate item by item to this transaction; and I ask
j now why should not Moore & Hascall have in-
| eluded within this extension of their patent for
: fourteen years, the improvements which they shall
prove by valid, incontrovertible testimony, they
are entitled to as original inventors? Can any-
body tell me?
There are some other remarks of the Senator
from Wisconsin, which 1 wish to notice. He
says the report shows that these men have not
been remunerated because they have never sold a
machine, and he says, in no legitimate way can
they ever be remunerated because they never can
sell a machine. Let me look at that argument for
a moment. Take the case of an inventor perfect-
ing his machinem a secret room; a machine which
he can take into his own room, and there perfect
without the world knowing anything of it; would
he go about selling that machine before he had
patented and pei fleeted it? Did anybody ever hear
of such a thing? Have not Moore & Hascall
been precisely m that condition under their ori-
ginal patent? Could they,as honest men, go and
seek to sell patent rights over the country when
those rights were imperfect, and wheg a machine
built according to the original patent would not be
of any actual service to the builder or the vendee
of the right? 1 hey would have been disgraced
before the community if they had attempted it.
They stand now ready to sell. At the expiration
of the termi of their patent they stand in the same
condition where other inventors begin—just ready
to sell and make something. That disposes of
the whole objection as to why they cannot sell. It
is because they would not sell an imperfect and
useless machine.
Again, the Senator says it costs $1,600 to build
one of these machines. vSo far from that being
the case, it costs but $600. There is a mistake
of $1,000, nearly two thuds of the calculation. I
am speaking that which I know. It costs these
men now $f>00 to build one of these machines; and
no doubt improvements can be made in machinery,
by which they can be built at a less price.
Mr. President, [Mr. Weller occupying the
chair,] you know something about agriculture In
the northern and northwestern States, and you
will appreciate what I am about to say. What
does this machine embrace? A threshing machine
which costs $200 or $300 by itself. 1 will not speak
positively, but my recollection is that you cannot
buy a good threshing machine now short of $200
or $300. That is embraced within this machine.
It has a fanning mill also embraced in it, and re~
member that it has not only to be embraced but
to be coupled with the other machinery, and it has
to be so made that it can stand; for you know if you
take the horse-power, which will carry a threshing
machine, and apply it to an ordinary "fanning mill,
you would tear it all to pieces. Therefore the
machine has to be so geared and regulated that
you can have power enough to thresh, which
takes eight horses, and you must regulate that
power so that it shall propel the threshing ma-
chine, propel the wheels of the whole machine in
the field, propel the power to cut; and yet be so
delicately arranged that it cannot tear the fanning
mill all to pieces. A fanning mill can be turned
