2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
defect in the focmer law, and not require the Post-
master General to contract with the same com-
pany to carry to St Louis and Louisville. My
idea is, that there is a daily mail between these
points already, except under the accidental ob-
structions of the ice, for example, in the upper
Mississippi, and sometimes in the Ohio river.
We have these daily lines.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Tennes-
see will allow me, this amendment says nothing
about a mail from LouisvilleorSt. Louis to Cairo,
because there is already service there. It author-
izes and requires the Postmaster General to put
service on the balance of the river in one contin-
uous line through, or with sections leaving out
the continuous line. Then it authorizes him to
make contracts for daily service, or for tri-weekly
service, taking a part of it daily and a part of it
tri-weekly. I will tell you why I did that. Take
the section from Memphis, for instance, to Vicks-
burg; the service three times a week would abso-
lutely be an embarrassment. You could not get
the postmasters to open the mails. That is the
only obstacle. They are very important offices
to the persons who live there, but they do not
want a daily mail, especially a daily mail up and
down. The Postmaster General can under this,
and, if he does his duty, he will put a daily ser-
vice upon the whole line. This will not interfere
with the old law between Cairo and New Orleans.
It does not require the line to be daily to all the
intermediate points on the river, but gives them
as much as they want, and gives the larger points
a daily mail.
Mr. BELL. The result of the adoption of this
proposition will be that Louisville, Cincinnati,
Pittsburg, and St. Louis will all be cut off, and
will have no prospect of a daily communication
■with New Orleans. They have it now, clearly;
but then this proposition does not require the
establishment of a daily line between New Orleans
and Cairo. Now, everybody knows that the
daily communication between the whole south-
western country is to be supplied from Cairo to
New Orleans. Is there any impediment in the
establishment of such a line as this ? We do not
want the mails delivered at all these post offices,
and it is not required; it cannot be done. What
is the impediment? I want the Senate to con-
sider, I want the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri to consider, I want the honorable Senators
from Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and the whole
of the northwestern and northern States to con-
sider what the real impediment is to having a daily
communication between Cairo and New Orleans.
When you get it established to Cairo, you will
have it to the whole of the country northwest.
The impediment is that it costs a little more than
the Postmaster General thinks he can afford. He
thinks that the revenue derived from the postal
service for carrying the mails west does not supply
a sufficient proportion to justify the expense that
would be necessary. Now, sir, if the proposition
of my fiiend from Mississippi succeeds, you nul-
lify the act which we already have for our benefit.
If the Postmaster General takes any exception to
the former law, the proper way would be to mod-
ify it, to require him to advertise for contracts for
the daily mail between New Orleans and Cairo,
and then with the principal cities on the river,
and you will have the benefit of the daily mail.
As to the extent for which this should be pro-
vided, the inconveniences under which the very
small post offices on the line of the Mississippi
labor, are not such as to require them to have a
daily mail, instead of atri-weekly one. These in-
conveniences ought not to counterbalance the ben-
efitsderived by the northern States and the eastern
States,by the daily mail between New Orleans and
all the remaining portion of the western country.
Now, sir, Louisville has a deep interest—I say
nothing of Nashville; nothing cf Memphis—in
having a daily communication with the southern
commercial depot—New Orleans. If the amend-
ment be adopted, it will nullify the existing law re-
quiring the Postmaster General to establish a daily
mail between Cairo and New Orleans. My friend
will not say that that is an impracticable project.
There is no difficulty in having a daily line. They
can run experimental trips to Louisville in five
days, and they can go to Cairo in about four days;
and under a contract made to secure a daily mail
to Cairo, unless some difficulty intervenes, such a
provision should be made. If the effect of this is
to discharge the Post Office Department of its
obligation to supply a daily mail to the whole
West, particularly the southern commercial me-
tropolis, New Orleans, and the Northwest, we
ought to consider very seriously whether the dif-
ference between what'the Postmaster thinks he
ought to give, and what he is compelled to give,
should lead us thus to act?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Tennes-
see will allow me to make a suggestion? i do not
deny the right^of the people of the States on the
Mississippi to have these mail facilities; but I only
wish to suggest whether we had not better take
time, in order to digest a plan to secure the ob-
ject.
Mr. BELL. We have a law now.
Mr. HUNTER. Then why offer this amend-
ment?
Mr. BELL. I do not press it.
Mr. BROWN. Because the Postmaster Gen-
eral will not execute that law. He has not done
it for two years. #
Mr. BRIGHT. I am quite sure that if the
honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
had been thoroughly acquainted with the law and
all the facts connected with the proposition which
he has introduced, he would not have presented it.
There is no necessity for legislation, in order to
secure the mail service asked for by his amend-
ment. There is now a law, full and ample, and
it is not the fault of any Senator or member of the
House that it has not been executed. It is the
fault of the Postmaster General. There is a con-
tract existing at this #me, "made in April or May,
1853, whereby all the mail service intended to be
provided by the honorable Senator's amendment,
was to have been commenced in December Inst.
The parties who made it were ready, willing, and
offered to execute it; but the Postmaster General
gave such a construction to some of its provisions
as to prevent any attempt at its performance, and
thus defeated the object of the law. If this ques-
tion is to be argued at length, I shall ask the Sec-
retary of the Senate to read a report which was
communicated to the Senate on the 9th of Feb-
ruary last, in answer to a resolution offered, 1 be-
lieve, by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Thomp-
son.] This "report is m answer to a resolution of
the Senate respecting the measures taken to estab-
lish a daily mail bptween certain places on the Ohio
and Mississippi, as required by the eleventh sec-
tion of the ' act to establish certain post roads and
for other purposes,'approved August 31, 1852."
I shall ask the Secretary to read so much of that
report as may be necessary to explain the matter;
but before he does that, I wish to read the law now
in force on this subject. I think I can satisfy the
honorable Senator that legislation is not necessary
in this case. The eleventh section of the act of
August 31, 1852, reads as follows:
" Sec. 11. Jlnd be it jurlher enacted, That it shall be the
duly of tin; Postmaster General to issue proposals and con-
tract fur the transportation of a daily mail between Louis-
ville and Cairo, St. Louis and Cairo, Cairo and Memphis,
and Memphis and New Orleans, and to supply such inter
mediate points as he may order, from time lo time, on suit-
able and sate steamboats."
Now, 1 will ask the Secretary to read the first
two pages of the report of the Postmaster General:
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Post Office Department, February 9, 1854.
Sir: In obedience to the resolution of tile Senate of the
24th January, 1854, [ have the honor to submit the follow-
ing report:
The eleventh section of the act of Congress, approved
August 31,1852, made it11 the duty of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to is^ue proposals, and contract foi the transportation
of a daily mail between Louisville and Cairo, St. Louis and
Cairo, Cairo and Memphis, and Memphis and New Or-
leans, and to supply such intermediate points as he may
oidei fiom time to time, on suitable and sate steamboats "
Under this act of Congress my predecessor advertised on
the 31st December, 1850, that proposals would be received
until three, p m., of 10th February, 1853, (to be decided on
or before the 1st Maich following,) for conveying the mails i
for tour years from 1st July, 1853, by an expiess line, 1
slopping at Ihe principal offices only between Louisville
and New Orleans, and way lines connecting such pimeipul
officer and supplying all intermediate offices, and also by a
connecting line from St. Louis and Cairo.
A copy of the advertisement is herewith transmitted,
marked A. It was published m the National Intelligencer,
Republic, and Union, of Washington city; Express, New
York ; Gazette, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; Gazette, Cincin-
nati, Ohio ; Journal, Louisville, Kentucky ; Intelligencer,
St. Louis, Missouri; Eagle and Enquirer, Memphis, Ten-
nessee; Gazette and Democrat, Little Rock, Arkansas;
and Commercial Bulletin, New Orleans.
The abstiact, maiked B, shows the several bids that
were received under said advertisements.
On the 1st March, 1853, the Postmaster General accepted
the bid of Messrs. Glover & Mather, which is in the follow-
ing words, viz:
" We, Wilham R. Glover, of Louisville, Kentucky, and
Thomas W. Mather, of the city of New York, propose to
carry the mails on routes No. 5,102 exfre^s, and way lines
from Louisville, Kentucky, to New Orleans, Louisiana,
agreeably to the advertisement of the Postmaster General,
dated the 31st day of December, 1852, and by the following
mode of conveyance, viz: in steamboats, as required fey
the advertisement, for the annual sum of $450,000.
"WILLIAM R. GLOVER,
"THOMAS W. MATHER.
"Washington City, January 21, 1853."
On the 2d March, 1853, the following letter was addressee!
to those bidders, viz :
"Gentlemen: The Postmaster General has accepted
your proposal for carrying the mail on routes
No. 5,102, Louisville to New Orleans, express line.
5,102a, Louisville to Evansville, way line.
5,1026, Evansville to Cairo, do.
5,102c, Cairo to Memphis, do.
5,102rf, Memphis to Napoleon, do.
5,102e, Napoleon to Vicksburg, do,
5,102/, Vicksburg to St. FrancisvHle, do.
5,102*, St. Francisvilleto New Orleans,do-,
agreeably to the advertisement of the Postmaster General,
dated December 31, 1852 ; service to be daily in new low,
pressure steamboats, and to commence on or before the Iss
day of Octobei next, all for the compensation of $450,000 a
year. WILLIAM H. DUNDAS,
u Second Assistant Postmaster G-e.ne.ral,
" William Gloveii and Thomas W. Mather."
Immediately after taking charge of the Department, rep-
resentations were made lo me that the public service did
not require two lines between Louisville and New Orleans,
and the following letter was received, which was, of cour e?
entitled to great consideration:
Washington, D. C., March 11,1853.
The undersigned respectfully recommend that no contract
be entered into with the accepted bidders on the routes
between Louisville, Cairo, St. Louis, and New Orleans.
They are satisfied that one daily mail over these routes witf
be a* much as the wants or wishes of ihe public will re-
quire; and that the expenditure of so laige an amount as
is requisite for two daily mails is unnecessary.
They would respectfully suggest that the accepted bid-
ders be notified of the fact that the Prpartnaent has sus-
pended the acceptance until the matter can be investigated
by yourself. Very respectfully,
J. D. BRIGHT,
S. P. CHASE,
D. R. ATCHiSON,
S. ADAMS,
THOMAS J. RUSK,
JOHN PJETTIT,
GEORGE VV. JONES.
Hon. James Campbell, Postmaster General.
On receiving this communication I suspended the ac-
ceptance of the bid for such service, until I could make full
inquiry on the subject.
On the 12th March, 1853, S#caused Messrs. Glover &.
Mather to fee addressed as follows r
Post Office Department, ?
Contract Office, March 12, 1853. £
I am instructed by the Postmaster General to say, that
he has not had time, since he came into the Department,,
to examine the matter of the acceptance of the proposal of
yourself and T. W. Mather for conveying the mails on the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, between Louisville and New
Orleans, but that it is his intention to reconsider the accept-
ance as soon as he can find time to give it his attention.
WILLIAM H. DUNDAS,
Second Jisnstant Postmaster General.
William R. Glover, Louisville, Kentucky.
Mr. BRIGHT. The late Postmaster General,
Mr. Hubbard, had accepted proposals for carry-
ing the mails in a double line of steamers, from
Louisville to New Orleans. That is, there was
to be an express line starting daily from Louis-
ville, and running through without delivering
mails except at the principal points, and another
line was to start from the same place, and stop at
all the intermediate points. The accepted bidders
for this double service agreed to perform it for
§450,000.
The object of the letter just read was to post-
pone definite action until the present Postmaster
General could satisfy himself that the amount of
service proposed to be performed, and the mode
of performing it, was not adapted to the interests
and wants of the public. The gentlemen who
joined in that letter had all talfen an active part in
passing the law that I have just read. They felt
then very much as the Senators from Arkansas
and Mississippi seem to feel now; and hence
their anxiety to see the work entered upon under
such auspices as would insure its continuance.
They believed anattemptto establish a double line,
or, as it was called, an " express" and a " way
line," would defeat both; that one line would ac-
commodate the entire community, and that only
one line could be sustained. They further be-
lieved that the introduction of low pressure boats,
on the plan proposed by the late Postmaster Gen-
eral, would prove a failure, as it had on our west-
ern rivers.
It appears that the present Postmaster General,
