518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
whom I usually act, I feel desirous to assign the
reasons why I shall do so.
I will not attempt a defense of the motive which
prompts me to vote for this bill. A proposition
which looks to the relief of the insane—of a class
of our fellow-mortals who are shut out, intellectu-
ally, from all the world—ought to receive, and I
am sure would receive, the vote of every Senator
on this floor, if he felt that he was justified, by his
obligations to the Constitution and his obligations
of justice to his own constituents, in giving such
a vote. I shall certainly not stop to defend my
motives for giving a vote like this.
The considerations which stand in the way of
a unanimous vote in favor of this bill seem to be
twofold: First, as to whether we have the power
to pass it under the limitations of the Constitution;
and secondly, as to whether the bill does justice to
all the States of the Union, and to all our con-
stituents ? These (Questions are not altogether free
from embarrassment. After having investigated
this subject in the House of Representatives some
years ago, I brought my mind to the conclusion
that we had the constitutional right to pass a bill
similar to this.
I hold, Mr. President, that our authority over
the public lands is more unlimited than is our
power over the Treasury of the nation. We
hold our authority over the lands under a differ-
ent clause of the Constitution from those clauses
which authorize us to use the public money.
Congress has power u to dispose of" the public
lands. This power, I apprehend, is only limited
by this: That they shall not be disposed of for
purposes which are in themselves unconstitutional.
You have no right to increase or diminish the
President's salary, or the salary of some other
officers during their term of office. You could
not, therefore, under the general power to dispose
of the public lands, give them to the President, or
give them to any other officer whose salary is
fixed by law, and which must neither be increased
nor diminished during his continuance in office.
But unless there be some limitation like this, im-
posed by some other provision of the Constitution
than the one to which I have referred as giving
us power to dispose of the public lands, i hold
that you may use them for whatever purpose you
may select; and upon this principle the Govern-
ment has uniformly acted from its organization
down to the present hour.
What, sir, have we done in reference to the
public lands heretofore? We have given them
away to erect public buildings in the States; we
have given them away to establish common schools
in the States; we have given them away to endow
colleges in the States; we have sold them at every
conceivable price, from twelve and a half cents an
acre up to fifty and sixty dollars an acre. We
have given them for works of internal improve-
ments the States; we have given them as bounties
to soldiers, to whom we owed nothing but debts
of gratitude—soldiers who had been paid off and
discharged forty years before we made the gift.
Under the act of 1841 you absolutely gave to each
of the new States of the Union 500,000 acres of
these lands, for a purpose which my southern
friends insist is one not to be patronized from the
general Treasury; to wit, for purposes of internal
improvement. Only two or three years ago you
made a relinquishment of millions upon millions
of acres of lands to the new States, by what is
commonly called the swamp land bill. If we ex-
amine ail these schemes, I apprehend it will he
found, taking them all together, that th ey have been
passed by a unanimous vote in this body. In
other words, i think it will be found that there is
not a member of the Senate who has not, at some
time, voted for some one of these propositions.
And why? Because Senators have been in the
habit of regarding our powers as unlimited over ,
^ the public lands, except in the instances which I |
have pointed out, and those which are similar.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] yes-
terday said that he could not draw the distinction
between dividing the public lands for this object,
and in the way proposed by the bill, and distribut-
ing the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the States. I hold that the two cases are
different in this: That over the lands you have the
unlimited control of which I have spoken, but
when they have been sold, and the money has
gone into the Treasury, it becomes part and par-
cel of that treasury, and you have no more control
there over moneys derived from the sales of lands
than you have over moneys derived from imposts
or from any other quarter. It becomes one com-
mon treasury; and your control over one part of
it is precisely tlje same as your control over every
other part of it.
I would ask the Senator from Virginia whether
he conceives that Congress has a right to appro-
priate the net proceeds of the sale of one section
of land in a particular township for school pur-
poses in that township ? Or, in these words, sup-
pose that, instead of giving the land for school
purposes, as Congress has done, and as the Sen-
ator intimated yesterday Congress has a right to
do, we should sell the lands and put the money
in the Treasury, and then there should be a prop-
osition to appropriate the money back again to the
same object. Suppose the section had been sold
for $1,000; could you take $1,000 from the Treas-
ury, and appropriate it back again to establish
common schools there? I apprehend not. And
why ? Because you cannot pursue the land after
it is converted into money. When you have con-
verted it into money, you lose that control over it,
which you have and may rightfully exercise so
long as it is land. This is so, because when you
put it into the Treasury, as I remarked before, it
becomes part and parcel of one common fund.
There is no line which divides the land money
from the money received from customs, or from
any other source of revenue. It is not so, how-
ever, so long as it retains its distinctive character
as land. The Senator from Virginia, yesterday,
justified the granting of lands to railroad compan-
ies. While it seemed to be unfair towards some
of the States, yet he thought it might be justified
upon the ground, that by giving one section of land
for a railroad, the alternate section was improved
in value.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow rne,
I said nothing about giving lands to railroad com-
panies.
Mr. BROWN. I understood the Senator to
say that the grants which we had made heretofore
for internal improvements 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 spoke of the grants of the
school sections.
Mr. BROWN". I, perhaps,attributed the argu-
ment to the wrong quarter. 1 heard it from some
source, and was about to reply to it. If it be the
fact that the giving of the alternate sections to rail-
roads makes the remaining sections worth twice
as much as before, that does not affect the question
of power—as to whether you have the right to do
it. That fact may furnish a very good reason why
you should exercise a power already existing, but
certainly it cannot confer a power which did not
exist before. I would put the question of power to
grant lands, as proposed in this bill, upon the same
ground as the question of power to grant land to
railroads. You derive it from that clause in the
Constitution which gives you authority to dispose
of the public lands. You get it there. The pur-
pose for which you dispose of them does not and
cannot, by any possibility, affect the question of
power. If you do not have the power to appro-
priate the lands, no use to which you can apply
them, however beneficial to yourselves or to others,
can confer the power. The fact that one section
of land is doubled in value by giving an adjoining
section to insure the construction of a canal or \
railroad can only prove that such disposition of I
the land is wise or prudent. But it cannot confer i
a power not already existing under the Constitu-
tion. If you have no authority under the Con-
stitution to grant land to railroads, you cannot
assume it and justify the act solely on the ground
that nothing is lost thereby to the Government,
or that it may prove a speculation. If the advant-
ages resulting to the Treasury is to furnish the
rule that governs us in our use of the public lands
or money, I know not why the Government
should not become a stockholder in every profita-
ble railroad or other successful scheme for specu-
lation in the United States.
1 hold this to be true, that Congress has no
authority over the public money that can justify
its use for any purpose other than the common
benefit. The public—general,! may say universal
-—interests of the whole country must be subserved
in the use of the public money. You have no
authority to use4t for local, partial, neighborhood
purposes. Your authority over the public lands is
less limited. With them, as 1 have said, you have
endowed colleges, established common schools,
cleaned out rivers, erected levees, constructed rail-
roads, sold them for almost nothing, and given
them to individuals without price. Could you
thus have treated the public Treasury?
If Congress could endow more than twenty col-
leges by grants of public lands, I know of no
reason why it may not endow a lunatic asylum.
The same clause that authorized you to give Mis-
souri, Indiana, Ohio, Mississippi, Alabama, and
other States knds for college purposes, will jus-
tify you in giving these and other States lands for
the indigent insane. If, having the power, it was
a wise and judicious use of it to give lands to the
sane, how much more wise and humane must it
be to give it to the insane?
I do not question the power. I think the bill
proposes a wise, judicious, benevolent, and hu-
mane exercise of it; and if justice is done to my
own, and all the other States, I know not why I
may not vote for it.
I do not desire to pursue this branch of the sub-
ject. My right being clear in my own judgment,
to give the vote, my only purpose was to justify
it in the judgment of others.
The nextquestion is, whether it will be just not
only towards my own State but towards all the
States of the Union, to pass such a bill as this?
In the outset I yield the claim which has been so
often set up and insisted on that the old States have
an interestin these lands; though i think they have
sometimes made more fuss about it than there
was any occasion for. I think I have heard the
Senator from Virginia occasionally speak of the
interest which his State has, in common with the
other old States, in the public lands.
Now, when we propose to recognize the exist-
ence of this claim, and to some extent discharge
it> the gentleman from Virginia comes in and op-
poses it. The distribntion of the land provided
for in this bill, is perhaps as near right as it can
well be made.
Mr. BADGER. They cannot be perfectly right.
Mr. BROWN. As the Senator suggests, abso-
lute right cannot he reached; no human ingenuity-
can devise a bill which would be absolutely and
perfectly just towards all parties. There must be
some little injustice somewhere; it is so in all our
legislation; but this bill gives to the old States and
to the new, an appropriation of public lands, and
it divides them among them according to their pop-
ulation and territorial extent.
Now, sir, if we pass this bill, it will relieve the
State of North Carolina, the State of Virginia, and
all the other States from that which is a burden
upon their own treasury and upon the purses of
their people; for the insane must be taken care of,
everywhere, in all civilized communities. Almost
all of the States have made provision for this pur-
pose, and those who have not, ought to do it, and
doubtless will do it very soon; and how is this to
be done but by levying taxes upon their people?
Pass this bill, and you relieve them to some ex-
tent, from this taxation. I believe the State of
North Carolina gets from 300,000 to 400,000 acres,
and to that extent the bill creates a fund to re-
lieve her people from taxation for the particular
objects specified in the bill. It will have the same
effect in all the other States. To this extent, it is
just to one State as it is just to the others. Its
operations will be equal, or as near so as we can
make them, with a single exception which I will
point out.
There is in this bill a provision, which was
introduced two or three mornings ago, and which
caused me to hesitate as to whether I could vote
for it. It was the amendment introduced by the
Senator from California, excepting that State out
of the general operations of the bill. It struck me
at the time that it was hardly fair to give any one
State of the Union an arl vantage over the others,
by excepting her out of the general provisions of a
law like this. That there are reasons now existing
why California should be thus favored may be
true, but those reasons must pass away after a
few years. The amendment authorizes California
to locate her land upon any unoccupied and un-
surveyed territory within her limits. There are
unsurveyed and unoccupied lands within th'e limits
of other States—Iowa, Wisconsin, Arkan&is, and
perhaps others. But these States have no right
to appropriate them under this bill. They must
take their land, and my State must take hers, from
that which has been surveyed, offered for sale,
