1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
to present their views, as expressed in primary
meetings, public assemblies, and in remonstrances
•which have been«presented to this House, against
the passage of the measure now under considera-
tion—a measure which, in my judgment, was
uncalled for by the slave States, which is unjust to
the free States, and which must be injunous to
the nation.
For this purpose, as you are aware, Mr. Chair-
man, 1 have sought frequently to obtain the floor,
but without success. My health to-day is not suffi-
ciently good to enable me now to say what 1 would
like to say on this subject. I can do neither the
subject nor myself jusuce. And I therefore pro-
pose to take the course which many other gentle-
men have pursued, and to avail myself of the
press, if I see fit so to do, to communicate my
sentiments to those who are interested to know
what they are. if I desire to do so, I s*hall take it
for granted that I will be permitted to print what
1 have to say.
Mr. WALSH took the floor.
Several Members. Come up the aisle, where
we can hear you.
Mr. WALSH. I do not desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to leave my seat, as a good many gentlemen
have done, and taken their position up the aisle,
thereby promising a good deal, and not perform-
ing very much. [Laughter.] 1 do not wish to raise
expectations too high.
Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the committee,
if 1 had consulted myowndesire, I should havecon-
tented myself with a silent vote on this question.
And it is only now, m compliance with the wishes
and requests of other gentlemen, that I have con-
sented to say a few words. I am, however, backed
up and strengthened in doing so by the fact that
some of my colleagues from New York have also
availed themselves of the same opportunity.
Sir, I do not need to stand here and make any
speech in vindication of mycourse. Thatis known,
not only to the people of my district, but to the peo-
ple of the whole country. I have not been a man
of idle and empty professions; I have been one
of performances; and every act of my life has
proved the sincerity of my motives. When I was
elected to represent my district in Congress, 1 was
asked lor no pledgee—no pledges but my past life
and my present conduct. The people of my dis-
trict knew me, and I believe they knew the worst
side of me before they learned the other. [Laugh-
ter.]
This hill, designed to give organic law to the
people of Kansas and Nebraska, has been so thor-
oughly discussed, that it would be presumptuous
on my part to undertake to throw any new light
upon it, or to illustrate the history of the meas-
ure, which seems to form agieat and leading ob-
stacle to certain Democrats in this House.
It was discussed thoroughly and ably by those
on the side of the question upon which I .stand—
by the gentleman from Georgia, weeks and weeks,
if not months ago; and I will not attempt to trav-
erse the ground over again, for the purpose of
speaking for my constituents. Whenever 1 speak
for them, I speak to them. 1 never write out
speeches. 1 never correct one; and I never care a
straw what becomes of them after they have been
made.
Sir, the history of the Missouri compromise, I
shall, as I said before, not attempt to discuss. 1
care not what proud array of names may be
now brought forward to give sanctity to, or to
perpetuate its existence. Jt is enough for me to
know that its enactment was a violation, and a
fross one, of the Constitution of the United States,
f it were a compromis-e at all, it was u compro-
mise of that gionous instrument.
Sir, the constitutional convention was the place
for compromises. It was at once the birth-place
and the grave of all compromises. Sir, the Federal
Constitution is the organic law of this land. It is
a solemn compact between the Federal Govern-
ment and the several States, under which the rel-
ative powers of each are properly guarded^ and
no Congress, no thousand Congresses, no tacit,
•cowaidly assent unon the part of any one, can
make a violation of its humblest provision binding
upon posterity.
The course pursued by the opponents of this
bill is well known to every man throughout the
land. The hurried and 'imperious manner in
which it was sent to the Committee of the Whole,
under the spur of the previous question, without
an opportunity of saying one word in reply—
without the opportunity of asking a single ques-
tion—is well known. When that act was done,
then came the exultation of all the Federalists and
Abolitionists, from one end of the country to the
other, over the supposett death of the Kansas and
Nebraska bill.
What achangecameover the spirit of those gen-
tlemen, when they saw that bill quietly, without
any ostentation, without any underhanded, sneak-
ing, or unmanly advantage, rescued from the obliv-
ion to which they thought to have effectually con-
signed it! What their consternation when they
heard a notice given here by a gentleman who had
the matter in charge, that on a certain day he
would move to take it up; and then heard him
state the purpose of the motion which he would
make!
What then was the course of the opponents of
this bill after it was extricated ? Here we sat up
for thirty-six hours in a parliamentary contest
unprecedented almost in our legislative history.
I do not know but that the physical endurance
of that contest may have been a very great trial
U> some gentlemen, but to one who had gone
through the drilling which I have, it was a source
of infinite amusement. [Laughter.) Sir, thirty-
six hours to a person who had  lept m engine bunk
houses, and gone through the " coffee and cake
shop" test, seeing-who could set up the latest and
the longest, it was a matter of refreshing amuse-
ment; while I saw those who were the loudest and
most determined to sit it out, stietcbed out, and
covered up with cloaks*and shawls. [Laughter ]
No'w, sir, the whole of that scene was grossly
misrepresented, as everything upon this side of
the question has been. As a single illustration of
the gross perversion which has taken place with
regard to it, I will simply refer to an account of a
little night scene which took place between the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Edmundson] and
thcgentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] which
reminded me very forcibly of a model aitist estab-
lishment in Canal street, wheie men work in a
stable during the day and represent the gods at
night. The one is represented by a telegraphic
dispatch a-s rushing down upon the other armed
to the teeth, like Sampson slaying the Philistines.
Why, sir, so far from carrying a knife or pistol,
he never carried a tailor's bodkin. The other is
represented us standing with his arms thrown
behind him in a position similar to that of Ajax
defying the lightning. [Great laughter.]
Now, sir, from the commencement of this dis-
cussion, what were the appeals that were made to
gentlemen upon our side of the question? Were
they such as should be nmde by one honorable
man to another; or were they the appeals made
to a craven dog? Appe-ils to the fears of gentle-
men ? And we have heard about the trumpet-voice
of the people. The people! I happen to know
something about the people; not the people who
have learned their politics m livened carriages, nor
in their furnished parlois; but, sir, I happen to
know something about the people of this land in
the position of cabin boy,and of deck hand upon
the Mississippi, of fireman, working bareheaded
and barefooted. I am in the position of a man
who never had a dollar from the earnings of any
human being but myself. I, sir, cannot be accused
of pandering toarrogance. I, sir, cannot be justly
accused of pandering to the slave power, 1 have
never three times m my life known what it was
to be worth two hundred dollars. I have always
been the employee, and never the employer. Sir,
1 am no lover of oppression. I am no lover
of wrong. I never oppressed any human being
upon earth. No man, woman, or child on the
face of God's broad earth ever can point to me as
the author of their wrong. Sir, from whence come
these trumpet-tones of the people of which gentle-
men speak ? Trumpet-tones! They would be far
better characterized as penny-whistle screeches.
[Laughter.] I know the men who have figured m
these meetings at the North. I knew them wher>
they exhibited the same hostility to the annexation
of Texas. Others, who have known them longer
than I have, have known them in their opposition
to every single solitary stride that the Democratic
party has made m its onward march; every effort
it has made to advance the prosperity and glory of
this noble country; other men have known them
in their inveterate opposition to every square inch
or acre of territory which has been added to the
Republic since the formation of the Government.
And, sir, this opposition now'comes from theeame
source. It comes from men whose object is to rev-
olutionize the land. I know them—a set of peanut
agitators and Peter Funk philanthropists. Revo-
lutionize! Why, ten thousand of them could not
revolutionize a barber's shop or an oyster box.
[Loud and prolonged laughter.] Now, gentlemen,
this is no subject of laughter. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Wherever you hear of meetings called irrespect-
ive of party, it simply means a congregation of all
the factions and fag-ends of faction throughout the
land, who hate and detest the success of the Demo-
cratic party. That is the whole sum and substance
of it. Sir, an appeal to any gentleman's fears is
an argument far more worthy of a mock auction
shop and its denizens, than men who are repre-
senting constituencies in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. For one, 1 am free to confess that I
am ready*to declare that, whenever my constituents
feel disposed to change their Representative, and
look around for one more in accordance with their
views, I shall feel—particularly if it should  be on
a question like this—that I have cut loose from a
degenerate set of individuals, and that it is a sign
they have sadly backshded during my absence.
[Great laughter.] - The duty of a man, no matter
how humble, no matter how elevated the^position
to which he has been advanced*, is to perform the
requirements of that position to the utmost of his
ability, and in strict keeping with the promptings
of an honest conscience; to do it utterlv, and con-
temptuously disregardful of any effect it may
exercise on his own immediate or prospective
destiny.
It has, it is true, been, and I regret to say it,
the misfortune of the Democratic party to have
nursed the reputation of men who were an honor
to it while they remained with it. It has been
the rftisfortune of the Democratic party to have
given the jewel of its affection to men who have
subsequently, for the purpose of gratifying their
own unjust malice and disappointed ambition, used
it to the disadvantage of that party whose only
crime had been that of having been too munifi-
cently bountiful towards them. But, sir, let the
record of all history tell those gentlemen that the
Democratic party can strike down effectually and
forever any man, or any number of men, no mat-
ter what their elevation, no matter "What halo may
hang around their names, who turn recreant to
it, and form coalitions with its enemy in its hour
of peril and trial.
Mr. Chairman, another charge which has been
made here is, that every man who came up to the
support of a measure which is based on the fun-
damental principles of the Democratic party, and
the principle which stood forth at the formation
of the Constitution with those who advocated it,
had to encounter the same opposition to the dif-
fusion of power among the people.
But, sir, in those days there were no political
cowards. The Federalists of that day, erroneous
as may have been their principles, disdained con-
cealment. They were men of high and lofty
daring—men who disdained to sail under cover of
a pretext into any triumph. Sir, there were too
many men in that day, thank God ! whose ampu-
tated limbs and war-scarred "bodies bore testimony
to the part which they had taken in that long,
dreary, and desperate struggle of the oppres°ed
against the oppressors; there were too many wid-
ows and orphans, whose protectors had been slam
in that fearful struggle, and too many unburied
patnot'a bones still bleaching upon our battle-
fields, to permit of their succeeding in their nefa-
rious purposes. At every stage of our progress,
we have met the same opposition. We have met
it under other pretexts and in other forms, but
with the same intention. Sir, when gentlemen say
that the Administration controls the votes of gen-
tlemen who stand by the principles of their whole
lives in sustaining this measure, I would a&k them
to look at the records of each. It comes with a
bad and miserable grace from men the records of
whose whole lives, from their cradles to the pres-
ent hour, has been one unbroken exhibition of
selfishness and toadyism, to attempt to accuse
other men of it who have never yet been guilty of
a mean or dishonorable action.
Sir, I have been worse treated by this Admin-
istration than any man upon this floor. All my
friends have been worse treated. There is not a
