520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
den, Fish, Foot, Hamlin, Seward, Smith, Sumner, and
Wade—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell,Ben-
jamin, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson,
Dixon, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Toucey, Walker, Wel-
ler, and Williams—36.
Mr. BADGER moved to amend by inserting—
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to revive or put in force any law or regulation which
may have existed prior to the act of the 6th of March, 1820,
either protective, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
slavery.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas aqd nays;
and they were ordered, and taken, and resulted—
yeas 35, nays 6; as follows:
Y&AS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brod-
head, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge of Jowa, Doug-
las, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot,CJwin, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Moi-
ton, Norris, Pettit, Pratt, Seward, Shield-*, Slidell, Smith,
Stuart, Toucey, Walker, Weller, and Williams—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brown, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Johnson, Rusk, and Sebastian—6.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to amend by striking
out the provisions giving to the Governor of each
of the proposed Territories an absolute veto power;
and also, the provision requiring that the laws
passed by the Territorial Legislatures should be
submitted to Congress, and if disapproved,should
be null and void, and to insert in lieu of them the
following:
Every bill which shall have passed the Council and
House of Representatives of the said Territory, shall, he-
fore it become a law, be piesented to the Governor of the
Territory. If he approve, he shall sign it; but if not, lie
shall return it, with his objections, to the House in which
it shall have originated ; who shall enter the objections at
large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If,
after such reconsideration, two thirds of that Mouse shall
agiee to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the ob-
jections, to the other Hou^e, by which it vjjall likewise be
reconsidered; and, ifapproved by twotlnrdsof that House,
it shall become a law; but m all such ca^es, the votes of
both Houses shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the
names of the persons voting for and against the bill shall
be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If
any bill shall not be returned by the Governor within three
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented
to him, the same sOiall be alaw in like manner a-5 if he had
signed it; unless the Assembly, by adjournment, prevent
its return, in winch case it shall not be a law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to amend by striking
out, in the provision conferring the right of suf-
frage and holding office, these words:
" And those who shall have declared on oath their inten-
tion to bccome such, and shall have taken an oath to sup.
port the Constitution of the United States, and the provis-
ions of this act."
So that it shall read:
" Provided, That the right of suffrage and of holding of-
fice shall be exercised only by citizensot the United Stale*."
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
After debate, in which Messrs. Walker, Pti-
tit, Adams, and Chase took part, the question
was taken by yeas and nays on the amendment,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benja-
min, Hrodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson,
Dixon, Evans, Fitzpatiick, Houston, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Morton, Piatt, Sebastian, and
SJidHI—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Gwin, Hamlm,
Jones of Iovva, Norris, Pettit, Seward, Shields Smith,
Stuart, Stunner, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Williams—
21.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the substitute
by striking out the second section, and inserting
the following:
Sec.2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That, as soon as may
be, atter the pa*=sa<re of thi* act, there shall be appointed by
the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
three commissioners, resident in said Territory, who, or a
majority ot them, *.hall proceed to divide the said Territory
into suitable election precinct", and shall appoint places for
holding elections therein ; and by proclamation published
in twu or more newspapers circulating in said Territory,
and by such other mean1- as they may deem mo«t effectual
lor the purpose, shall, during four weeks preceding the fir<t
Monday of Septembei, 1854, notify the people of >-aid
Territory of such division and appointment, and that there
will be held on the second Tuesday of October, 1854, an
election for Governor, secretary, judges, members of the
Council, members of the House of Representatives, and
Delegate in Congress, of said Territory, as hereinafter pro-
vided ; and the voters of said Territory, in pursuance of
said proclamation, are hereby authorized to assemble at
their respective places of ejection, within their several
election precincts and appoint one person to act as judge
and another person to act as clerk of the election, and
then to vote by ballot for one person to be Governor, one
person to be secretary, three persons to be judges, thirteen
persons to be members of the Council, twent>-six persons
to be members of the House of Representatives, and one
person to be Delegate m Congress, of said Territory; and
the judges and cleiks of election in the several precincts
shall forthwith make out and transmit to the commissioners
aforesaid a correct statement of the names and number of
electors, and of the votes cast for each candidate for the sev-
eral offices aforesaid, and the said commissioners, or a ma-
jority of them, shall, within ten days after the first Monday
of December, 1854, issue their proclamation announcing
the result of said election, and shall notify the several per-
sons having respectively the highest number of votes for
the several offices aforesaid, of their election to fill the
same, and shall also, in said proclamation, designate a
place for the temporary seat of govenunent of saul Terri-
tory, and a tune not later than the first day of May, 1855, for
the assembling of the Legislature thereof; and the Governor
so elected shall hold his office for two years from the fir?.t
Mondav of December, 1854, and shall reside therein ; shall
be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof; may grant
pardons and respites for offenses against the laws of said
Territory, and reprieves for offenses against the laws of the
United States, until the decision of the President m respect
thereof can be made known ; shall commission all officers
who shall be appointed to office under the laws of said Ter-
ritory. and shall take care that the laws be faithfully ex-
ecuted therein.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Fessenden, Foot, Hamlin, Nor-
ris, Seward,,Shields, Smith, Sumner, and Wade—iO.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Biovvn, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dixon, Dodgeof
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatnck,
Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of iovva. Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Morton. Pettit, Pratt, Ru&k, Sebastian,
Slidell, Stuart, and Williams—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the substitute
by striking out all of the first section after the
word " Nebraska," and inserting:
That all that nart of the United States included within
the following limits, except such portions thereof as are
heieinafter expressly exempted from the operation of this
act, to wit: beginning at the southwest coi rier ot the State
ot Mi>"-oiiri, thence miming we^t on the line «l .'46° 30' of
north latitude, until it intersects the one bundled and third
liiOinliau o' longitude west tiom Greenwich; thence north
on that mendi.ui until it intersects the thirty-eighth parallel
of noitb latitude ; thence we-.t on said paiallel of latitude
to the summit of the Rocky Mountains; thence northward,
and along upon the summit ot said Rocky Mountains, to
the western boundary of the Territory ot Minnesota ; thence
southward on and with said boundary to the Missouri
nver; thence down the said river to ihe State of Missouri;
thence south on and with the western boundary of said
State to the place of beginning, be, and the same is heieby,
created a lemporaiy government, by the name of the Ter-
ritory of Nebiaska.
After debate, which was participated in by
Messrs Ch\se, Wade, and Mason,
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered and taken, with the follow-
ing result:
Ytt AS—Me^rs. Chase, Fessenden, Foot, Hamlin, Sew-
aid. Smith. Huinnei, and Wade—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Tladier, Bell, Ben-
jamin, Hrodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dixon,
Dodije of Wisconsin, Dodge ot Towa, Douglas, Evans,
Fiupatriek, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee. Mason, Morton, Norris, Pet-
tit, Pi ait. Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Walker,
and Williams—34.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved to amend the
provisions in regard to the boundary of the pro-
posed Territories, so thatthey should not interfere
with the present limits of Utah Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to, and
the bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ments made by the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, at the lequest of Mr. Walker the amend-
ment adopted on the motion of Mr. Clayton",
prohibiting foreigners from voting or holding of-
fice, was excepted.
Mr ADAMS, at twenty-five minutes after eight
o'clock, p. m., moved that the Senate adjourn;
but the motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 22.
The question being on concurring in that amend-
ment,
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
After a debate, in which Messrs. Pettit,
Walker, Atchison, and Douglas participated,
the question was taken by yeas and nays on con-
curring in the amendment, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benja-
min, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clav, Dawson, Dixon,
Evans, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter," Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Moiton, Pratt, Sebastian, and Slidell
—22
NAYS—-Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Hamlin, James,
Jones of Towa, Norris, Pettit, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Stuart, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Williams—20.
So it was concurred in.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Morton,
Norris, Petlit, Pratt, Sebastian, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, and
Williams—-29.
NAYS—Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fessen-
den, Fish, Foot, Hamlin, James, Seward, Smith, Sumner,
Wade, and Walker—12.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. BADGER. 1 desire now to give notice
that I shall introduce a resolution to suspend the
rule which"sets apart to-morrow for the consider-
ation of private bills, in order that the Nebraska
bill may be considered. The resolution setting
apart Fridays for private business being in the
nature of a rule, it requires a previous day's no-
tice to suspend it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the resolution be offered
now.
Mr. PRATT. It can be considered as written.
The resolution is considered as having been writ-
ten, and I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
[The debate above referred to will be found in
the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 2, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Sljcer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explanation,
in regard to the statement which I made yester-
day in reference to the Secretary of State of Wis-
consin.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. LETCHER. In my conversation with
Governor Farwell,in regard to the proviso attached
to the memorial which has been the subject of so
much discussion in this body, I understood him
to say that the proviso was taken from the memo-
rial by the Secretary of State. In this, he informs
me, I misunderstood him, and that he did not
mean, nor does he now wish to be understood, as
saying that the Secretary of State made the alter-
ation; but that it was made in his office.
He assures me that the Secretary of State is a
gentleman of high respectability and character.
He has furnished me, this morning, a telegraphic
dispatch, dated Madison, Wisconsin, March I.
It is as follows:
" The amendment, which was left off by the enrolling
clerk, was as follows :
" ' Provided, That such lands so granted shall be con-
stant!1. in maiket until sold, at the price of one dollar and
twenty five cents per acre, or less, as the case may be : Jlfi&
provided further, That no such lands shall be suld except to
actual settlers.'
" I will send you the journals by next mail."
This is all I have to say.
PUBLIC LANDS FOR PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise for the purpose
I of asking the unanimous consent of the House for
[ leave to introduce a bill, of which previous notice
; has been given, with a view to have it referred to
' the Select Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the gen-
tleman will be allowed to present it.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
\ Committee of the Whole on the special order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
asks the unanimous consent of the House to pre-
sent a bill, for the purpose of reference.
No objection beingmade, the bill was introduced,
read a first and second time by its title, as follows,
and referred to the Special Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad:
A bill to grant the right of way for one or more
railroads, not however to exceed the number of
three, across the public lands, from commercial
