1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
points on the Gulf of Mexico, on the Mississippi
river, to commercial points in California and Ore-
gon; and, also, to grant, by donation, to actual
settlers, on the condition of occupancy and culti-
vation for the length of time therein named, every
alternate third quarter section of the public land,
for forty miles in width on each side of said rail-
roads, throughout the whole length thereof; and,
also, to grant every alternate third quarter section
of the public land, within the aforesaid limits, to
aid in the construction of said railroads.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from-the Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 13th ultimo, transmitting a letter from the
Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, accompanied by a
statement prepared by him,containing " the names
of all persons who, since the 4th of March, 1853,
have drawn funds from the Treasury of the United
States, any compensation, either as outfit or salary,
for services as ministers plenipotentiary, charge
d'affaires, or secretaries of legation at any foreign
courts, specifying particularly the amounts paid to
each respectively, with the date of payment there-
of, the duration of their residences at the courts to
which they were commissioned;'' which was or-
dered to lie upon the table, and printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting the report of the director
of the United States Mint, of the fineness and value
of certain foreign gold and silver coins, as required
by the acts of Congress of January 25, 1834, and
March 3, 1843; which was ordered to lie upon
the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting for the consideration of
Congress the copy of a letter from the collector of
the customs at New Orleans, recommending the
purchase of the ground and buildings constituting
the Boarding Station, at the Southwest Pass of
the Mississippi river, and submitting the proposi-
tion of the owner to sell the same to the Govern-
ment for the sum of |3,500; which was ordered
to lie upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House now resolve itself into
the Committee of the W^hole on the special order.
[Cries of" No!" " No!"]
CHINCHA ISLANDS.
Mr. SOLLERS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that for a moment, to allow me to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a resolution. It will take but a single moment.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The resolution was read, as follows
Resolved, That the President of the IJniU'd States be re-
auested to liifoim the House if any negotiation,, have been
had between this Government and the Government of T em
m regard to the reduction of the price of guano imported
into the United States; and, if any, what is the state ot the
said negotiations.
Jlesolvrd, That, if it has not already been done, the
President of the United States be requested to cause nego-
tiations to be opened with the Peruvian Government, either
for the purchase, by tne Government of the United States,
of one or more of the Ctuncha Islands ; or for the abolition
of the Anglo-Peruvian monopoly, by whiell guano is sold
in tills country at the present high puces.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask that the resolution be
considered now.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Daw-
son's motion, and agreed to—ayes 74, noes 51.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the^Jnion
(Mr. Olds in the chair.) •/
HOMESTEAD BILL. Y
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration special order of
the House, being House bill (No. 37) " to encour-
age agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and all
other branches of industry, by granting to every
man who is the head of a family and a citizen of th e
United States a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land out of the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
for the period herein specified."
The pending question is upon the motion made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. \ates.] to
strike out the words " quarter section," and insert
in lieu thereof "320 acres."
The question was taken, and the amendment
waa not agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment: to insert after the word "land," in
the sixth line of the first section, the following:
And no location shall he made upon any quarter section
of land upon which then; is an improvement.
Mr. Chairman, in moving the amendment which
I send to the Clerk's table 1 do not desire to be
understood as entertaining any unfriendly feelings
to the bill. On the contrary, I am in favor of it.
But while I am disposed to favor its passage, I am
unwilling that the bill shall pass without securing
the actual settler in his improvement. Many per-
sons now residing in Arkansas, and I suppose m
all of the new States, have settled upon the public
lands, and, by industry and economy, have been
enabled to secure a part of the lands upon which
they may reside; and I believe in almost eveiy in-
stance have a bona fide intention of securing such
additional lands as may be necessary for the sup-
port of themselves and families. 1 am in hopes
that the chairman of the committee who reported
this bill will offer no objection to this amendment.
It is only intended to protect the actual settler.
What, sir, would be the effect of the amend-
ment which I offer? It is this: No person who
would be entitled to the bounty which this bill
proposes to give, would have a right to make his
location upon any quarter section of the public
lands upon which there is an improvement. It
may be said that the actual settler is entitled to the
benefits of the preemption laws. In answer to this,
I would say, that in many instances the settler
would be protected by the preemption laws; but
there are a great many settlements where the set-
tler's right to preemption has been forfeited, and
the land offered for sale. All these lands are now .
subject to entry by any person. The actual set-
I tier failed to avail himself of the benefit of existing
| preemption laws, not because he was unwilling to
purchase his home, but because he was unable to
do so previous to the day of sale. My object is
to secure to him the right to extend his farming
operations, by preventing any other person from
locating upon any quarter section upon which
there is an improvement; and to enable the settler
to locate it to the exclusion of every other person,
if he desires to do so. And the amendment of-
fered will not secure him this right. I shall offer
a further amendment.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr'. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee to yield for theamend-
ment again to be read. We in this part of the
Hall do not understand it.
The Clerk again reported the amendment.
Mr. JONES. The object of the mover in pro-
posing this amendment, I think, is to secure the
ri"ht,°or rather, to prevent an interference with the
ri"ht of those who have already settled upon the
public lands, and who are entitled to the privileges
of preemption. If that is the object, the mover
and the committee, 1 think, will see that it is
wholly unnecessary, and that the proviso to the
last section of the bill fully secures to those who
are entitled to preemption rights, all the benefits
of the general law.
Mr. GREENWOOD (interrupting) was under-
stood to say, although very imperfectly heard,
that there were a great many settlers who had
made improvements on lands, who had forfeited
their rights to preemption, not because they were
unwilling to enter the lands, but because they were
unable to comply with the requirements of the
! preemption laws.
i Mr. JONES. Well, if that is the fact, they
will have the right, as soon as this bill is will have
' passed, to go to the land office and make their en-
tries under this bill, and it certainly will not be the
policy of this House to continue the preemption
! i- BHiwIno mill av this Kill fnr an i n rl h Pi n it.p
uuuey ui who   r..-
right to make entries under this bill for an indefinite
; period, which will be- the case if the gentleman's
! amendment should be adopted and incorporated
! into the bill. The lands which he says these per-
j sons are now upon are subject to entry by any
; person at a dollar and a quarter an acre. If you
pass this bill any person may go and make a loca-
| tion upon them, I suppose; but the person who is
already upon the land can make the first entry
under this bill, and secure to himself the benefits
of it. It cannot be said that he will not be able
to do this, because he is not now able to enter his
land by paying two hundred dollars. I think the
amendment wholly unnecessary, and fully pro-
vided for in the last section of the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I more to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "improvement"
the words " and settlement."
I confess, Mr. Chairman, I have not beera very
familiar for some years past with the detail^ of
the action of this House or with its legislation;
although, I have, like other eitizens, looked into
the newspapers, from time to time, to see what
was being done here. But I was taken by sur-
prise when I came here and found that one half of
the time was taken up in efforts, in one form or
another, to get into the public Treasury, and the
other half in putting upon the country some new-
fangled and unprecedented policy—some rash and
highly-dangerous experiment.
Now this subject of giving away the public
lands was discussed and repudiated thirty years
ago. The great difficulty of this country is its
rapid expansion and settlement. When this world
was made and finished for man, he was charged
with the duty of subduing as well as replenishing
it, and it is because he took the liberty to divorce
the two duties, and to go on replenishing the world
without making any improvements in arts,sciences,
or anything else, that three quarters of the world
have been in a state of barbarism for six thousand
years. Sir, I know no good reason why this com-
mittee should go to work and stimulate an unnatu-
ral emigration from the older States into the new
ones. .
Sir Robert Peel, a few years before his death,
was invited by the inhabitants of the oM manu-
facturing district where he was born to visit them,
during a recess of the Parliament. He did so,
and made a short speech to them. He told them
thatall Americans,and many Englishmen,imputed
our great prosperity in population and wealth to
our institutions, but that the experiment of self-
government had not been fully tried ■
° Mr DAWSON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman is making a
strong speech; and he is, 1 suppose, for that rea-
son, out of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. He ascribed our prosperity
and success to our country, rather than to our insti-
tutions. He said that we, unlike England and other
old countries, which had but little land compared
with the population, had a fine western country for
the emigration of our annually-increasing popula-
tion, and that in that way we had become a great
and intelligent people.
Now would it be of any great use to this coun-
try to have our population spread all over North
America? Civilization has a moral as well as a
material element; and you must have your schools
and churches. Why, it is an old maxim that a
man stands more in need of intelligence in a repub-
lic than in a monarchy. The Spaniards spread
themselves all over the country, mix up with the
Indians, or become amalgamated with them; but
westay at home,build school-houses and churches,
and everything of that sort, and get so that we
know something. That is the difference between
our countrymen and the Spaniards in America.
[Laughter.] The President, in his annual mes-
sage,"advises that it is proper to enlarge the pre-
emption right, and I am willing to extend it to all
J the unfortunate and poor without money and
j without price. If a system of that sort is estab-
lished, let us go on and provide means for lessen-
in0" the price, or exempting the land entirely from
payment. The throwing open of the public lands
to speculation is to make the rich richer and the
• poor poorer; and for that reason I am opposed to
. the amendment.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
i the amendment, and during my five minutes I ask
for the reading of the 34th rule. I ask the Chair
' to enforce it:
" 34 No member shall occupy more than one hour jn de-
bate on any question m the House, or m committee i.hill
a member reporting the measure under consideration from
a CO,mn tee "y open and close the debate; provided,
Slat where debate is closed, by order of the House, any
member shall be allowed, m committee, hve minutes to
, explain any amendment lie may after wmeh any
! member who shall first obtain the floor sha I be allowed to
speak five m.nutes m opposition to it, and there shall he no
! further debate on the amendment ; but the same |irivileSe
n debate shall be allowed in favor of and against any
I amendment that mav be offered to the amendment; and
: neither the amendment nor an amendment to the ameild-
i merit shall be withdrawn by the mover thereof unless by
! the unanimous consent ot the committee.11
! Mr. JONES. The Chair will see the import-
! ance of enforcing that rule.
