THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
and grieviously outraged .humanity in this sadly
misgoverned world. Let them determine at once
to use the largely increased means placed at their
disposal in sec-king the forgiveness of an insulted
people, by employing those means in elevating the
social and political morals of the Union, in diffus-
ing1, by wise efcnd happy example, and by all other
means which a great and prosperous people may
legitimately emfploy, the benefits of our own dem-
ocratic institutions among the nations of the earth.
Then, sir, and not until then, I solemnly assure
you, may they, in my belief, ever hope to even
partially regain the confidence and respect of the
masses of the people, who believe that they have
been grossly- outraged, if not shamelessly be-
trayed.
In reply, Mr. Chairman, to'what dropped from
the-gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Went-
Wokth] last night, and toothers who have been ii thing in landlordism—brings $300 a year.
oppression. Oh, no, sir. There are no lashes in
the North. Here is a specimen of the kind of
lash we have there. These are the boys, [exhibit-
ing a pawnbroker's duplicate amidst great laugh-
ter.] I will read it:
"No. 122. Joseph Simpson & Company, 25 Chatham
street, July, 1853. Gold watch, $6. Mike Walsh. Not
answerable in case of fire for damage by fire or robbery ;
twenty-five per cent, per annum."
And it is more, as a general thing. At twenty-
five per cent he has $300 a year, and his $1,200 eats
nothing', wears nothing, consumes nothing, and
can be used as the same instrument of oppression
after he is dead. His children after him can be
used as the same instrument of oppression among
the children and grandchildren of the survivor.
One thousand two hundred dollars invested in
northern pawn-broking—and it is almost the same
For
overflowing with sympathy for the southern
slaves, ! have to say, that the only difference be-
tween thenegro slave of the South, and the white
W«g^s slave of the North, is, that the one has
a master without asking for htm, and the other
has to beg for the privilege of becoming a slave.
[Great laughter.] The one is the slave~of an in-
dividual; the other is the slave of an inexorable
class. After the latter has added, by his labor and
his toil, wealth to the community in which he has
lived, he is turned adrift without any, among ail
the different employers that he has had, to give
him a mouthful of victuals or a night's lodging:.
I would ask the partieularadvocates of Abolition
upon this floor, to point me to one single solitary
degradation heaped on the negro of 'the South
that a white man at the North is not liable to hav£
imposed on him for the time being through pov-
erty? Last night the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts said, as I noted it down at the time:
<c No man or woman, blitck or white, could be deprived
of their freedom for one hour, without itwas for the com-
mission of a crime, and then on the judgment ot a court."
Has it come to this? Is the fact of having a
black skin a crime in the South, and is the fact of
having a collapsed stomach and an empty pocket
a crime m the North ? [Laughter.] What is the*
difference-1 I have never gone through the one
state; I have never had a black skin, but I have
gone thiough the other state. [Laughter.]
Now, I was going to read an affidavit to the
committee, hut my time is too short; so 1 will only
state the substance of it. It is one of nearly a
thousand cases that I know of myself. It is an
affidavit wherein it is stated that a woman, after
having lived for eight or nine years in the town of
Southbridge, in Massachusetts, where she had had
children born, and where she had been herself!
employed by the selectmen of the town to sciub
out the public building-, and where she had caught
cold and had become unable to support herself and
children, was, under the provisions of a law of
Massachusetts, which I havehere,taken—notupon
the order of a court, but upon an order written by
that $300 a man can own'one of the best living,
breathing, white, thinking men of the North; and
after he has worn him out, at the age of forty
years, he can pass him away and take a younger
fellow. The difference between the two systems
is simply this: If a dozen of us own a horse in
common, we want to ride him as much as possi-
ble, and feed him as little as possible. [Laughter.]
But if you or i own a horse exclusively, we will
take good care that we do not feed him too much
to endanger his health, but just enough to keep
him in good traveling order.* But as 1 find my
time is getting short, i must conclude by a brief
allusion to another matter.
There have been inuendoes and insinuations
made against me, because 1 have supported this
bill. As I said before, I supported it because it
lies at the very bottom of the ptinciples of the
Democratic party. These charges and insinua-
tions have not been made publicly in a manner so
that i could reply to them; and I shall now simply
dispose bf them as they deserve. They have not
troubled me a great deal. It takes something
more than that to shake my nerves, or luffte my
composure. The eagle while quietly reposing in
his mountain home, may be temporarily annoyed
by the biting, buzzing swarm of miserable, des-
picable insects, but when once he spreads his im-
perial pinions to soar aloft, With the first flutter
of his wings he sweeps them down, and with the
next he soars onward, upward, and heavenward
into sunlight regions, to which it is not given even
to the vision of meaner birds to follow.
Mr. MORRISON said that he was not opposed
to a bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
He did not, however, believe that there was any
urgent necessity for such organization; for, accord-
ing to the statement made by the Indian agent m
his report of last November, there were in that
whole vast region but three white men, with the
exception of those connected with the Army and
their employees,and those who were there as trap-
pers and traders.
He was, however, opposed to this bill because
a magistrate—and transported to New York, for ij it contained a provision to which he could never
fear she should become an incumbrance on Mas
eachusetta.
It is all very well for gentlemen to get up here
and clamor about the wrongs and outrages of the
southern slaves; but, sir, in the city of New York
alone, during the last year, there have been
over thirteen hundred people deprived of their
liberty without any show or color of an offense,
but because they were poor, and too honest to com-
mit a crime,, Now what is the appeal that these |
men make when they go to the South? They do i
not make the appeals to them that they make here !
and at the North. They do not appeal to the majc- !
nannmity, sense of justice, or Christianity of the |
southern slaveholder, but they appeal to his ava- i
rice. They teli him, abolish your negro slavery i
in the South, and adopt the slavery of wages that j
we have substituted for it in the North, and it will s
put inonev into your pockets, and add to the op- j
pression of those who do your work. Why, sir, j
a poor man at the North will, for fifty cents a j
day, drag more in a hand-cart than three negroes, j
with four mules, will bring into Washington, i
though thev have a white man to watch, them. |
[Laughter] A man at the South gives §1,200 ]
for a negro; he has to support him; he has ro feed
and clothe him; he has to provide for him in old
fscrp; to fake rare of him in his sickness, and to
,bury him when he is dead. In the North we
have no auc-h bold, manly,open, aiid above-board
assent, namely: the one proposing to repeal the
Missouri act of 1820. That act, he contended,
was constitutional, and not inconsistent with the
compromise of 1850.
Mr. KNOX was assigned the floor.
Mr. WRIG-FIT, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman from Illinois will give way for a moment,
I will move that the committee take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. BENTON. If no gentleman wants the
floor now, 1 wish to occupy it for about ten min-
utes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Knox] is entitled to the floor, the Chair
having recognized him. If the gentleman from
Illinois will yield the floor for ten minu'es, and if
the committee will be willing that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. JBenton] may proceed, he
may do so.
The gentleman from Illinois yielded the floor,
and general assent was given to the gentleman
from Missouri to proceed.
Mr. BENTON said: Mr. Chairman, I have
nothing more tosay to this bill on account of us in-
terference with the Missouri compromise. On that
point I havespoken my shaie, and shall not recur
to it again. I pass on to a new point—one signifi-
cantly revealed to us some ten days ago by a Rep-
resentative from Georgia, the member from the first
congressional districtof that State, [Mr. Seward.]
That gentleman spoke against the bill in a way
entirely accordant to my own opinions; but came to
the conclusion that he would vote for it. and gave
his reasons for doing so; reasons which had'not
been mentioned by any other speaker, and which
struck me as momentous, and worthy to arrest
the attention of the House, and of the country.
He objects to the bill because it is unfounded and
eontradictory in its statements and assumptions-
inconsistent with itself, with the act of 1820, and
of the acts of 1850—because it was manufactured
for a particular purpose, and is of no value in itself
to the slave States; but which commands his sup-
port, as a southern man, on account of its ulterior
;; operations, as containing a principle to be asserted
in future, and which was put into the bill to be-
come the basis of some grand movement in this
country. I will read what he said, as the proper
way of doing justice to his clear and well ex-
pressed opinions—to his momentous revelations—
and as the best way of availing myself of his
important declarations. I find them thus in the
official copy of the speech:
UI oppose the details of this hill, because they are not
consistent with themselves or with the transaction* to which
they,relate; and the bill itself shows that it was manui.K
; tured for a particular purpose. Some of the clause* em-
j braced in it, conflicting as they are, were introduced for the
! purpose, in my opinion, of netting up a principle to be aw-
i serted in future, and which the acts of 185') never contained.
! Now, sir, let us see. We aie called upon here now to vote
' for this bill, which is not drafted in the ordinary shape of
■ legislative acts. But the framers of this bill have'fuinishcd
] the reasons, within the bill itself, on which we must act,
i and winch thev call on us to subscribe to. What is it?
j They tell us that the law of 1820, being inconsistent with
; the legislation of 1850, therefoie that the act of 1820 i* in-
, operative and void.. 1 take issue with them ; and, for my-
| occupying the position that I do as a southern man, I
1 never have subscribed, nevei will, and nevoi can subscribe
to the doctrines contained in the acts of 1850. Mv objec-
i ti on & to the acts of 1850 are known at liume. They are
j recordffl in the proceedings of the convention which took
i place in Georgia in 1850. I was a member of that oonven-
1 lion [ voted against the Georgia platfoim on principle,
j And now, when that portion of the South having feeling*
j in common with me on this question, have waived their
' objections to it for the purpose of uniting with the South,
I and harmonizing public feeling on this great question, it is
j putm here as the basis ot some grand movement in this
; country. I know not what that movement is."
j I concur in the truth and justice of everything
I which the member from Georgia has here said,
! but differ from him in the conclusion to which he
: arrives—that of voting for the bill; and find in his
reasons for that vote, additional reasons for my
own vote against it; but he votes as a southern
man, and votes sectionally. I also am a southern
man, but vote nationally on national questions.
He sees in it a principle set up which is false
and useless in its application to Nebraska, but
I which is to be asserted m future, and which is
! put into the bill as the basis of some grand im-
i pending movement in this country. Of the nature
; of this movement, which is to be so grand, and at
j the same time sectional, the memberdeclares him'
| self to be ignorant; and that ignorance, I would
j suppose, should be a reason for holding back
! from a bill which commits its supporters to great
; unknown things. That is the way it works with
I me. I also am ignorant, that is to say, unin-
| formed of this grand movement which is to be in
i this country; but 1 believe m it, and so believing
I am the more against the bill. I am against any-
' thing that I do not understand, and which nobody
I will explain to me, and which, according to my
i own short and dubious lights, is dangerous to the
I peace and honor of the country. I believe in the
| futility of this btll—its absolute futility to the
i slaveholding States—and that not a single slave
! will ever be held in Kansas or Nebraska under it,
j (even admitting it to be passed.) Though adapted
I to slave labor in two of its great staples, (hemp
j and tobacco,) I do not believe that slaves will
| ever be held there. The popular vote will expel
them. Kansas is contiguous to middle and south-
| em Missouri, where slave iabor is profitable, and
j slaves held in great number—a single owner within
two hours' ride of the line holding one hundred
more than the five hundred of Randolph of Roan-
oke; and five thousand in his county alone: but
the holder of slaves will have but one vote, and
will be beat at the polls by the many who have
none. In relation to Kansas and Nebraska, then,
I hold the bill to be a deception and a cheat—what
gamesters call gammon, congressmen buncombe,
and seamen a tub to the whale: that is to sav, an
ambidextrous operation upon the senses of con-
fiding people, by which they are made to see what
