524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
is to strikeout the word "enter." The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] is therefore not strictly in order.
Mr. GROW", How will the clause read as
amended by the gentleman from Georgia?
The CHAIRMAN. It will read: " be entitled,
free of cost, to a quarter section of the vacant
lands,"and so forth. The question now occurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia——
Mr. DRUM. Which is not now amendable.
The CHAIRMAN. It is amendable if the
amendment be in order. The amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia was
not in order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Georgia.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Jones of Tennessee, and Harris were appointed.
Mr. PRATT- 1 ask that the amendment may
be stated.
The CHAIRMAN again stated the question.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 67.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbort Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
a bill, entitled an act to establish a port of delivery
at Lake Port, Pontchartrain, and for other pur-
poses; in which he was directed to ask theconcur-
rence of the House.)
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to inquire of the Chair-
man, what is the condition of my little amend-
ment? I fear lest it may get swamped in this
confusion.
The CHAIRMAN. The CVir understands
that it is not before the committee. Does the
gentleman propose to offer it now?
Mr. BISSELL. I do; and that it shall come
in after the word " land," in the sixth line, in the
following words:
" Wln<*h may, at tlic time the application is made, be sub-
ject to private entry."
1 have but a word more to say in reference to
this matter. Under this amendment if any min-
eral lands are discovered hereafter, the Secretary
of the Interior, or the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, can withdraw them, so that they
will not be subject to entry under this bill. That
amendment then secures those mineral lands
which may be hereafter discovered, and they will
not be subject to entry as other lands.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wouldstateto fchegen-
tlernan from Illinois that since the survey of the
public lands in Arkansas has been made, a large
quantity of mineral lands has been discovered.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 want the locations which
are to be made under the provisions of this bill to
be selected out of the lands which you, Mr. Chair-
man, and I may go and purchase with money at
any time heieafter. I want those who avail them-
selves of the provisions of this act to be placed
upon the same footing precisely as those who pur-
chase with money. 1 want them confined to lands
which are subject to private entry at $1 25 per
acre at the time they make application.
Mr. COBB. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he put the minimum price at
$1 25 per acre. According to his present amend-
ment he makes two minimum prices.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 do not know how there can
be two minimum prices. When one price is
$*2 50 per acrc and the other $1 25, I take it that
the less price is the minimum price.
Mr. COBB. I would suggest to the gentleman
that he insert the words " $1 25 per acre."
Mr. BISSELL. I modify my amendment by
striking out the words " minimum price,"and in-
serting in lieu thereof " $1 25 per acre."
All I have to say is, that so far as any lands
which may be declared mineral lands at the time
the application is made, my amendment secures
the reserved lands upon railroads,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 cannot see the
necessity of encumbering this bill with this provis-
ion. The bill, as it now stands, certainly secures
to those settlers the right of entering a quarter
section of vacant, unappropriated land subject to
private entry.
Mr, BISSELL. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question? Does he suppose that,
under this bill, the lands, the price of which has
been raised to $2 50 per acre, may be entered and
taken up by the applicant?
Mr. JONES. I presume that will not be the
effect of the bill; but whether it is or not, I am
opposed to doubling the price of these public lands
for any object.
Mr. BI&SELL. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will answer my question directly,
whether this bill will entitle the settler to go on
and take up land, the price of which has been
raised to $2 50 per acre ?
Mr. JONES. I will state again, that I do not
suppose the lands the gentleman refers to will
come within the operations of this bill.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 think thegentleman will find
that the provisions of the bill as it now stands
will cover all these lands.
Mr. JONES. I will ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. Have the mineral lands in the State of Illi-
nois ever been settled upon ? Are not the mineral
lands ig Jo Daviess county, in his own State, still
in the possession of the Government?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have the
honor to represent that county, and I will answer
the gentleman. The mineral lands in that county
have been taken up and settled upon.
Mr. JONES. How long since have they been
taken up ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. They were entered
under the law passed, I think, in 1847.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, prior to that time,
while there were two thousand or two thousand
five hundred voters in that county, 1 was informed
by the gentleman then representing that portion of
the State that there were not, perhaps, a thousand
acres of land in the whole county owned by citi-
zens of the county. It was all held, under the
name of " mineral reserve," by the Government.
Permits were given, I believe, to persons to goon
and work the lands, but it cost the Government
more to pay the agent for giving out the permits
than ail that was ever received from them.
Mr. WASHBURNE. _ That was the reason
for making the law to which I have referred.
Mr. JONES. I never saw or heard any good
reason why the Government should withhold from
sale its mineral any more than its agricultural
lands. Why, sir, the agricultural lands of the
country are worth tenfold—yes, sir, ten thousand-
fold—more than the mineral lands.
Mr. BISSELL. X dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but I desire to ask him, in a different form,
! the question which I asked a moment ago. I want
to know if it is his purpose that this bill shall give
to any man who chooses to go and locate upon
the reserved sections to which I have alluded the
privilege of doing so?
Mr. JONES. I will say to thegentleman that,
so far as my vote is concerned, I would give them
that privilege.
Mr. BISSELL. Now one word more  
Mr. JONES. I cannot yield further. If I could
have my way, I would reduce the price of all
these reserved lands to §1 25 an acre.
Mr. BISSELL. A single word, if the gentle-
man will permit me. if we reduce the price of
these reserved sections to $1 25 per acre, that
would furnish a still stronger reason why they
should be exempted from the donations proposed
in this bill. But, if I understand the gentleman,
they are exempted. I think he labors, however,
under a mistake in this respect. The bill provides
that these entries may be made upon any vacant,
unappropriated lands. Now, sir, these lands are
neither sold nor appropriated.
Mr. DISNEY. They are subject to private
entry.
Mr. JONES. And so they should be.
Mr. BISSELL. I have nothing to say upon
that subject; but the provisions of this bill cer-
tainly do not exempt these lands from its opera-
tion. That is the only point to which I desire to
call the attention of the committee.
Mr. JONES. I repeat, sir, that all these lands
should be subject to private entry at the rate of
§1 25 per acre.
1 Mr. BISSELL. Oh, if the House will make
! that provision I shall not object to it.
| _ Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I want to know if it
( is not as just and fair for the Government to give a
j quarter section of these lands to an actual settler,
i as to give millions away to moneyed corpora-
Mr. BISSELL. I am certainly the last man to
object to that proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is an amendment in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I ask that the amend-
ment may be read.
It was read by the Clerk.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to insert the words
"except the mineral lands reserved by the Govern-
ment."
Mr. BISSELL. They are not subject to private
entry.
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely wish to say that,
from listening to the debate upon this proposition,
1 gather that iWs the object of gentlemen to reserve
the mineral lands from appropriation, by those
persons who choose to avail themselves of the ben-
efits af this bill. Now, I can see no reason why,
when a man has been cultivating the land granted
to him by this bill for three or four years, he
should be ousted from the possession of it by the
Government, because copper, or iron, or any other
mineral, may be discovered on it. In my judg-
ment, when a man takes possession of land under
the provisions of this bill, with the permission of
the Government, he ought to be equally entitled
to retain it, whether it be mineral land or " agricul-
tural land," to use the designation of the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.] It would be a
very difficult thing to draw the line.
In a vast section of the western country you
can scarcely go on a foot of the public lands, for
hundreds of miles, that has not more or less min-
eral in it, and yet that land is not withdrawn from
appropriation by persons who choose to buy it;
and it seems to me that there should be no such
restriction on those who are to profit by the pro-
visions of this bill. If the land is now open to
private entry by citizens at $1 25 an acre, and, by
this bill, you hold out inducements to the settler
to go on it and cultivate it for five years that he
may get a title to a quarter section—the labor of
five years being the consideration—it seems tome
that it would be exceedingly unjust, after he has
worked the land for four years, to turn him adrift
on the world because some lead, iron, or other
mineral, may be found upon his land.
Mr. BISSELL. If the land referred to by the
gentleman is now subject to private entry, wjiy,
under my amendment, the applicants under this
bill may take it; for my amendment provides that
all land subject to private entry at a $1 25 an acre
may be taken under this bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir; I am aware that the
amendment seems to provide for that, and yet the
argument of the gentleman has been that the min-
eral lands might be appropriated under the pro-
visions of the bill.
I desire that if this bill passes, the individuals
to be benefited by it may go upon any public land
subject to private entry at $1 25 an acre, and
enter it according to the provisions of the bill,
whether it be agricultural or mineral land. That
is exactly what my amendment provides for; but
I will now withdraw it, with the consent of the
committee.
There being no objection, the amendment to the
amendment was withdrawn.
The question recurred on Mr. Bissell's amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I move to amend
the amendment by strikingout " §1 25per acre."
I offer that amendment merely for the purpose of
asking thegentleman from Illinois if that provision
should be incorporated in the bill, and the bill
passed, and then all the bills now before the two
Houses of Congress, or the committees, granting
alternate sections to railroads, should be passed,
what portion of the public lands would be left for
the settlers under the provisions of this bill ?
Mr. BISSEIX. I will answer that question
with very great pleasure. I suppose that for fifty
years to come there will be lands enough, at the
rate we go on now making appropriations to rail-
roads, to answer all the purposes contemplated by
this bill.
The gentleman from Tennessee does not seem
properly to appreciate the magnitude of our vast
domain, and because we have two, or three, or
four railroads of from three to seven hundred
miles in length, he seems to think that the whole
