1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
country from here to the Pacific ocean is checkered
over with railroads. Why, not at all. These re-
served sections extend only to a distance of six
miles on each side of the road—a very insignifi-
cant tract, indeed, compared with the immense
amount of the public land to be found in all west-
ern States and Territories.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say, with
the gentleman's permission, that, of the immense
extent of this territory, perhaps nine tenths of it
will remain unsurveyed for the next fifty years.
A great proportion of the land in the States and
Territories on the Pacific ocean—a great deal of
the land in California, in Oregon, in Washington,
and in the proposed Nebraska and Kansas—will
remain unsurveyed for one hundred years; and
until it shall be surveyed and offered to public sale,
it will not be subject to the provisions of this bill.
The gentleman may recollect that there are more
than three or four, or, perhaps, a dozen proposi-
tions for railroads within the State where the pub-
lic land lies—within the Territory of Minnesota,
but not touching any of the land on the Pacific, or
between Arkansas, Missouri, and Minnesota and
that ocean.
Mr. BISSELL. If our Government under-
stands its duty, and continues to perform it as it
has done heretofore, it will survey the lands and
bring them into the market as fast, and faster too,
than the public exigencies require it. There never
has been a time when the surveys did not keep
ahead of the settlers, and there never will be, if
we have a Government that is fit to be called such.
There is no danger on that score at all. Lands
will always be surveyed far in advance of the
wants of settlers.
Mr, JONES. I suppose, as soon as they are
settled, if this alternate section system be adopted,
it will be extended throughout the new and un-
surveyed lands.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to say a few
•words in opposition to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. I think that we should
confine the lands proposed to be donated by this
bill to those which are subject to private entry at
25 per acre. The principle which has governed
me in voting lands to the several States for rail-
road purposes has been that we thereby put up
the price of the alternate sections and render them
more salable; so that, in fact, the Government does
not lose by a donation of land for railroad pur-
poses to the States, as in the case of Illinois. It was
with pleasure that I voted for that great grant of
land to the State of Illinois. I opposed many of
my political friends in so doing, but when I voted
for it 1 believe that I was rendering thereby a
great public service by connecting the southern
with the northern portions of this Confederacy,
without detracting one dollar from the value of the
public land in the United States. The result has
shown the benefit of the policy.
According to the intelligent statement of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] for which
I am greatly indebted to him—under the Illinois
grant, lands which were proffered for sale for thirty
years without a purchaser have found leady pur-
chasers at $2 50 per acre, and a country which
was without inhabitants, has been peopled at that
price. Then theUnited States are the great gainers
by having a vast railroad of seven hundred miles
in length, constructed for the use of all the citi-
zens, without the loss of a single dollar to the
Government. I say that I have voted on that
principle; and I wish to withhold the privilege of
entry to all persons to be benefited by this bill, on
the alternate sections of land, on the lines of rail-
roads which we have established.
I think, sir, that I am extending my generosity
quite far enough when I agree to authorize every
citizen of the United States, who wishes to culti-
vate land for five years, to enter a quarter section,
worth $1 25 per acre, and labor on it five years
for himself and family; and I oppose the gentle-
man's amendment for that reason.
I would not throw open these lands, which we
have reserved, and which are worth $2 5U per j
acre, to the Government. I would give the people i
intended to be benefited by the bill the privilege !
—and it is a great privilege, one which no Gov-
ernment in the woili, to my knowledge, extends
to its citizens, except the Government of the
United States—to go upon these lands, and culti-
vate them for five years, receive a patent, and
thereby become owner in fee simple. And I say
here—and I rejoice to believe it—that the man who
cultivates his land for five years richly earns the
$200 which he would buy it for if he had the
money in his pocket.
Sir, it is the labor of the country that is its true
wealth. It is the labor of those of your citizens
who go upon the western frontier and settle on
these lands, and become useful members of soci-
ety,that is the great source of ourwealth. I differ,
also, with the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] in the notion which he entertains, that it
will be fifty years before this country is surveyed.
I have no doubt that before fifty years all the vast
domain of this country will be surveyed and oc-
cupied. The population of these States now
amounts to twenty-five millions. In fifty years
hence there will probably be a hundred millions of
inhabitants in the United States, thus showing a
condition of prosperity, wealth, and power never
known in the world as belonging to any Repub-
lic.
It is with a view of promoting the settlement of
the new country that has induced me to change,
in some degree, my views in regard to this bill.
As 1 stated a day or two since, I opposed it be-
cause I thought that the bill introduced during the
last session of Congress made invidious discrim-
ination against those who, by their industry, had
realized money enough to buy lands. I am op-
posed to the provision that settlers, to be entitled
to their quarter sections of public land, must not
be the owners of real estate. That provision is
hostile to my judgment. It was omitted by my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr Dawson,] who
reported this hill; and it is with pleasure, there-
fore, that I advocate the principle of this bill, and
that I shall continue to auvocateit.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to the amendment of the gentleman fiom
Illinois, which is to strike out the words 25
per acre."
The question was taken,and the amendment to
the amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. HENN. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
amend that amendment by striking out the words
" private entry." 1 understand the object of this
bill, or at least one of the main objects of this bill,
to be to encourage the settlement of the public
lands, and thereby 
Mr. PHILLIPS, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. There are no such words as
44 private entry" in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman pro-
pose to strike out the words " private entry" in
the bill ?
Mr. HENN. No, sir; but to strike it out of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois.
1 was saying, Mr. Chairman, that I under-
stand one of the main objects of this bill, and of
the fiiends of this bill, to be, to encourage the set-
tlement of the public lands. If we confine the
provisions of it to those lands which are subject
only to private entry, we give the speculating
class of the community the privilege over the ac-
tual settlers. We allow them to go in first and
buy the public lands, which are worth $1 25 per
acre, and nothing but the refuse lands will go to
the recipients under this bill. I think, Mr. Chair-
man,that we should endeavor to encourage those
persons who wish to go on the extreme frontiers
and to settle there. It is those persons who thus
settle on the extreme frontiers who undergo all the
hardships and dangers incident to the settlement
of a new country, and it is to them that we should
extend the benefit of this preemptive right, which,
after all, is merely a preemptive right; because a
man earns a great deal more by his labor than the
cost of his land at 50 per acre.
Mr. JONES. Yes; they pay higher for it than
anybody else.
Mr. HENN. I hope, therefore, that no re-
striction will be retained in the bill, and that all
the lands which have been suiveyed, or which
shall be surveyed at the time of the application,
may be granted under it, and subject to location.
Mr. BISSELL. In making this munificent gift
to the citizens of this country, is it to be regarded
as a hardship that they are required to select their
lands from those already surveyed, or which may
be surveyed, and in market, at the time when
they make their application? Is that to be re-
garded as a hardship, at the very moment when
we are consummating a gift, which, as has been
before said, is unparalleled in the history of na-
tions? A hardship to require that a man, who is
already the owner of a thousand broad acres,
shall, in taking this additional one hundred and
sixty acres, take it from among those lands which
you might go and buy with gold !
But what will be the effect of this amendment?
Of course the settlers who are now located upon
the frontiers of our Territories would rush over
into them. Every man in the vicinity of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, before this bill passes both
Houses of Congress, would have their selection
made; and then comes what? Conflicts with the
Indian tribes, stiuggleshereafter,contests and suits
and memorials to Congress, difficulties in the De-
partments, and all to adjust these conflicts which
will arise out of the location of lands which have
not been surveyed, or to which even the title has
not been acquired.
Mr. HENN. I would remind the gentleman
that he is not speaking against my amendment. 1
did not propose by that amendment to extend
the provisions of this bill to lands which are un-
surveyed.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I was mistaken as to
the import of the amendment, and so far I stand
corrected. But it extends to those lands which
are not yet in market. I protest, sir, against giving
by this bill, to those who avail themselves of its
benefits, that which cannot be bought by other
citizens with gold.
Mr. HENN. Have not citizens now the right,
or the privilege, to buy, at the price of $1 25 an
acre, lands before they are thrown into market?
Mr. BISSELL. They have not.
Mr. HENN. Have they not that right under
the provisions of the law of 1841 ?
Mr. BISSELL. The man who proposes to
avail himself of the advantages of this bill cannot
do that. He cannot squat upon a piece of land,
and, after this act is passed, avail himself of privi-
leges which a man who has the gold to pay does
not enjoy.
Mr. HENN. If an individual should enter
upon lands, and make improvements, would the
gentleman allow speculators to come forward and
purchase those lands over his head, and thereby
cut him off from all the privileges of this bill?
Mr. BISSELL. Not at all. I would givehim
the advantages of preemption rights just as I
would give to a man—and he certainly has it under
this bill—who proposes to purchase with money.
I see no propriety in giving exclusive privileges
and advantages in that respect to a class of men
to whom we propose to donate lands.
Mr. HENN. Is it not the frontier man who
desires to be benefited by the provision of this bill
more than any one else ? and would the gentleman
allow them to settle upon unsurveyed land, and
then deprive them of the privilege of securing the
title to the same, by letting the speculator come in
at the sale and pay his money for those lands ?
Mr. BISSELL. 1 say no; but what 1 object to
is the allowing them to own land before they are
brought into market.
Mr. HENN. Why'
Mr. BISSELL. Because that would be con-
trary to the whole policy of the Government. It
would be unjust to those who propose to purchase
with money; it would be unjust to those who do
not avail themselves of the benefits of this act;
it would be unjust to those who propose to pur-
chase a whole section.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I offer the following amendment:
to strike out all after " which," and" insert in lieu
thereof "surveyed or unsurveyed."
I am opposed to any restrictions of birth or
property in this bill. At the last session of Con-
gress a homestead bill was introduced in this
House. It went to the Committee on Public
Lands, and the $500 restriction was inserted.
The gpntlcmanfiom Virginia, [Mr. Mjllsox,] in
speaking upon that bill, presented that as oneof
the objections he had to the hill. I was opposed
to it, and voted against all amendments of that
kind. I have always been opposed to such restric-
tions, and voted against them all, from that timeto
this.
