1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2098
being brought into the House for action in the
matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would it not be best for
the House to send a message by the Clerk to the
Senate, setting forth the errors of the communi-
cation referred to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the course which I
have suggested to be pursued in the matter is the
best one.
Mr. HAVEN. lobject. I do not know whether
this is a privileged question or not; but I now give
notice that I shall object to everything until the
river and harbor bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. Is not my question a ques-
tion of privilege? There is an error'in the com-
munication to the Senate of the action of this
House on the amendments of that body to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. The
amendment for the marine hospitals at New Or-
leans, and various other places, is reported to have
been non-concurred in, when it was concurred in
by this House; and I now ask that the error may
be corrected, and I present it to the House as a
question of privilege.
Mr. HAVEN. I am the last man to throw
any obstruction in the way of our legislation.
But there is another ordinary appropriation bill
which has a majority in its favor in both Houses;
and I insist upon it that the people are entitled to
some consideration, as well as the Government.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York
desires to take up the river and harbor bill out
of order and out of place before the homestead
bill, which was first considered, first passed, first
returned from the Senate, and is first upon the
Speaker's table. I object to taking up the river
and harbor bill, and I suppose the gentleman de-
sires now to throw all the obstacles he can in the
way of carrying on the Government. He may do
so if he chooses, but I say to him that I shall not
withdraw my objection to taking up the river and
harbor bill out of its order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that they had passed bills of
the following titles:
A bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1855;
An act for the relief of William H. Weirich;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Baggerly, widow
of David Baggerly, deceased; and
An act for the relief of Mary H. Baggerly, de-
ceased.
Also, that they insisted on their amendments
disagreed to by the House, to bill of the House
(No. 48) making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th June,*1855; that they disa-
greed to tne amendments of the House to said
amendments, and had appointed a committee of
conference, consisting of the following gentlemen:
Messrs. Hunter, Bright, and Fisii, to meet
a like committee of conference, to be appointed
by the House on the said disagreeing votes.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will it not be in order to
move to suspend the rules? Preparatory to
making such a motion, I will ask the Chair if the
question presented by the gentleman from Ala-
bama is a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that if an
error has been committed by the Clerk, or in any
other form, m any bill passed by the House, that
it is competent for- the House to correct that error;
and in that form it becomes a privileged question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move, then, that a mes-
sage be sent to the Senate informing them of the
error, and requesting that it may be corrected. I
think that will be sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The bill, as the Chair is in-
formed by the Clerk, is at this moment already
reported back by the Senate to this House. Per-
haps that fact would vary thegentleman's motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume, then, that it is
only necessary for us to have the bill sent back in a
corrected form; and if a message is necessary, I
will make such a motion.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that,
perhaps, the most convenient mode of reaching
the object would be to send a message to theSen-
ate by the Clerk, correcting the error, and inform-
ing the Senate what the action of this House was
upon that particular item in the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If that will accomplish
the object,•! am ready to make the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will be recol-
lected that the Senate sent a message here of that
kind upon this very bill, but the House did not
entertain it.
Mr. HAVEN. They paid no regard to it
whatever.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is competent, I take it,
for the Speaker and Clerk to send the bill back in
a corrected form—it having passed the House. If
the Clerk made the mistake, I presume this can be
done.
The SPEAKER, The Senate, however, have
passed upon the action of the House, as it appears
in the bill, and has so reported to the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume it would re-
quire a motion to have the error corrected.
The SPEAKER. It will require a motion; and
if the gentleman submits a motion according to his
own views, the Chair will put it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
make a suggestion to the House. I understand
the fact to be in regard to the alleged error in this
bill, that the House is reported as having disa-
greed to an amendment ill reference to a particu-
lar custom-house to which, in fact, they had
agreed. I understand that the Senate have disa-
greed to our proposition; and I suppose the whole
thing can be settled now by our simply agreeing
to the disagreement of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If that be. the true state of
the case, the Chair thinks that it would be the
most convenient mode of reaching the object de-
sired.
Mr. HOUSTON. That perhaps would be the
most convenient mode, but it would not be the
proper and legal mode. I intend to ask for a com-
mittee of conference, and we can make the cor-
rection there. It is proper, however, that the
Journel should present a true record; and I regret
that the gentleman from New York should inter-
pose an objection when he must know that all I
ask is, that the report of the action of the House
shall set forth what that action really was.
Mr. HAVEN. I did not hear the proposition
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
and I do not know what it is. I desire to inter-
pose no obstacles m the way of any appropriation
bill whatever; but the river and harbor bill, which
I desire to take up, is an ordinary appropriation
bill, and is not like the other legislation upon the
Speaker's table that gentlemen want to reach. I
do not desire to make any objection to the correc-
tion of this error, but I shall interpose any ob-
stacle to any other appropriation bill until the
river and harbor bill takes the ordinary course of
legislation.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion is to send to the
Senate and ask for the return of the bill and amend-
ments for the purpose of making the correctionsin
question. This is the legitimate and proper way to
do it. The bill, however, is here, and the Senate
report that they insist upon that particular amend-
ment, with others, and have appointed a committee
of conference to pass upon these disagreeing votes
between the two Houses. Therefore, with a view
to ease the trouble of my friend from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] for I dislike to see him troubled in
his mind, I will ask for the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference to meet that of the Senate.
To try and apply the remedy in this way I make
that motion.
Mr. HAVEN. As to the subject of the com-
mittee of conference, while I am desirous that that
committee should be appointed, I desire thatit shall
be delayed until this other matter#® passed upon;
and on the gentleman's motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this ques-
tion to the Chair: That the message having been
communicated from the Senate at the time when
there was no question before the House, is not
legitimately before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
subject-matter of appointing a committee of con-
ference is m order now. The gentleman from 1|
Alabama [Mr. Houston] moves that the House |j
agree with the action of the Senate in relation to ij
the appointment of a committee of conference; and |j
on that motion the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENN. Can I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama? I wish to sub-
mit an amendment instructing the committee, on
the part of the House, to adhere to that amendment
which the House agreed to, and about which the
mistake has been made.
Mr. HOUSTON. That would not be in or-
der.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to instruct
a committee of conference. When they report to
the House it will be then for the House to adopt
or to reject their dction. But in the form in which
the gentleman from Iowa proposes, the Chair
thinks that proposition not in order.
Mr. HENN. This is an unusual case, and I
think the committee of conference should be in-
structed as I propose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair held that it was
in order to move to take such action as would lead
to the correction of errors, and that in this way it
might be a privileged question. The gentleman
from Alabama, however, with a view to attain
that object, proposes a committee of conference to
meet a like committee on the part of the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. HENN. Is it not competent to instruct
that committee?
The SPEAKER. Not in this connection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman from Iowa, that a vote of the House
upon the yeas and nays, concurring in that amend-
ment, will be a strong instruction to the commit-
tee of conference.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.  
ALTERATION OF RECORDS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
privilege. The select committee appointed under
a resolution of the House to investigate the alter-
ations alleged to have been made to the Minnesota
land bill, and also the alteration of other bills and
joint resolutions, desire to make a report. I wish
to say, sir, that upon one branch of the investi-
gation the committee make a unanimous report.
In relation to the other branch there is a majority
report and a minority report, each one of which
recommends the immediate passage of a bill.
I will now send to the Clerk's desk the unani-
mous report of the committee, touching the mat-
ter of the interlineation of the joint resolution of
this House, and ask that it may be read, after
which my colleague [Mr. Breckinridge] upon
the committee will present the report of the ma-
jority upon the other branch. Then the report of
the minority will also be presented.
The report was then read, as follows:
The select committee appointed to investigate the alter-
ations made in House bill No. 342, to aid the construction
of a railroad in the Territory of Minnesota, " and also in
regard to all other cases of interpolation of bills or joint
resolutions of the House during the present session,*> in
considering the latter branch of the inquiries, have unani-
mously agreed upon the following report:
That they have taken testimony in regard to the interpo-
lation of the joint resolution, fixing'the compensation of
the employees m the legislative department of the Govern-
ment, which is herewith submitted. They have come to
the conclusion that the words " and public folders" were
interlined and read at the Clerk's desk through mistake.
It appears that Messrs. Wentworth and Florence made
; an effort to procure the saidalteratioifthrough Mr. Curtis
[ and the committee who had reported it, but there is no evi-
| dence to show that they sought such change by any im-
] proper means. On application to Mr. Curtis, he (Mr. C.)
j took a copy, (not the original resolution,) and as a private
I memorandum for his own use, interlined in pencil on said
, copy the words mentioned. The orignal as well as said
, copy were carried to the Clerk's desk by the Speaker's
: page ; and at the same time Mr. Wentworth said to the
j Clerk, " All right, all right." From these facts, Mr. Bar-
! clay, the Journal Clerk, inferred that the committee had
! directed the change, and he accordingly interlined upon
i the original resolution the said words, "and public folders."
; The resolution was then twice read, and the yeas and
nays, on a suspension of the rules, were partly taken,
; when the attention of the House was called to the interpo-
t lation. Thereupon, Mr. Curtis having announced that it
j was not authorized by the committee, the Speaker ordered
i the words stricken out, and the resolution was then passed
1 m the form in which it had been agreed on and reported by
the Committee on Accounts.
The committee therefore think that none of the parties
had any fraudulent or improper design in regard to thi*
matter. LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,
N. S. BARRY,
JOHN G. DAVIS,
G. A. SIMMONS.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
rise to a question of privilege. I notice that in the
