526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. COBB. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that the Committee on Public
Lands did not support the bill reported last year;
it came from the Committee on Agriculture
Mr. GROW. I beg to correct the gentleman.
It was in a bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullin.]
Mr.ORR. The gentleman is mistaken. There
was no such bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr, GROW. Well, sir, I stand corrected,
though I was under the impression it came from
the Committee on Public Lands; but it is imma-
terial. It came back from the Committee on Agri-
culture, then, with this restriction imposed upon
it, against which I voted. I voted against all
restrictions attempted to be imposed upon it in the
House, or in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
I wish to know how he proposes to have this un-
surveyed land described if a man goes to settle
upon it under the other provisions of this bill?
Mr. GROW. I had an object in offering the
amendment. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] was attempting to put me in a false po-
sition with reference to my action at the last Con-
gress. I offered the amendment for the purpose
of correcting the gentleman, and to say that for one
I would leave the whole public lands open to settle-
ment upon the policy of this measure. The objee-
tion of the gentleman from V lrginia [Mr. Millson]
and others, is that it will draw off the popula-
tion of the old States. Is there any man upon
this floor, or in this country, who desires to retain
in his own district or State a population whose
happiness and interests would be promoted by a
change of location ? Why confine a man ta mis-
ery and want beside your own doors and in your
own State when he can find a happy home for
himself and children in a far distant land ? Is there
a man here who desires to foster a policy of that^
kind in order to gratify his State pride?
If there was a man in my district, or that sec-
tion of the State, when there is so large a quan-
tity of unoccupied lands, who desires to seek a
home in the wilderness of the West, or any part
of the earth wlieie he can better his condition, I
would bid him God speed. Let him find his home
where it is best for him, best for his children, best
for his future prospects, and that would be best
for his country.
Gentlemen from the old States have made the
objection, that the effect of this bill would be to
depopulate their States. I apprehend no such re-
sult, The man who leaves a farm in the old States
will leave a settler in his place; for a farm that is
already tilled will not be abandoned without some
one to occupy it.
If you have a class of floating population that
have no homes and fixed abiding place, this offer
will, it is true, be an inducement to them to leave;
and let them go and find such, where they can make
themselves respected members of society, and can
rear their children 111 comfort, and rnnke them
valuable members of society, instead of being, as
now, crushed by the evils growing out of a dense
population.
Mr. MILLSON. From what the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has just said, I
am inclined to think that he placed himself, or
allowed himself to be placed, in a false position at
the last Congress; for if he was opposed to that
feature in the bill which confined Us benefits to
those who had no lands, he certainly did not make
his true position manifest to the House.
1 made an argument m the Inst Congress upon
the constitutional question'—a folly I shall not be
likely to commit again. I asked, if Congress
could constitutionally confine their favors to those
who owned less than $500 of property, why they
had not an equal constitutional right to confine
the benefits of the bill to those who were worth
§1,000,000? If they could constitutionally dis-
criminate in favor of the poor man, why could they
not as constitutionally discriminate in favor of the
iich man r it was at this point that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] interrupted
me, and said it was no objection to a law that cer-
tain' persons could not avail themselves of its ad-
vantages. He did not then state that he had any
objection to the discrimination made in the bill;
nor did I suspect that he had; though, from what
he now says, I do not for a moment doubt that
he preferred the bill without the discrimination.
The gentleman asks if I would deny to the poor
men in my State the opportunity of bettering their
condition; if I would deprive the paupers in my
neighborhood of the privilege of leaving the State
and of mending their fortunes. Sir, we have few
persons amongst us who can be called paupers,
and these could not avail themselves of this law if
they would. Our slaves are our agricultural la-
borers for the most part. Yon will not allow
either to them, or to their owners for them, the
benefits of this bill.
Again, the gentleman denies that the effect of
the biltwill be to depopulate the old States. Sir,
I think I shall involve him in something of a di-
lemma. If the old States do not lose their popu-
lation, then of course our people can get no benefit
from the bill at all. If no man would leave the
old States for the purpose of availing himself of
the opportunity of locating the quaiter section of
land which the bill allows him, then the benefit of
its provisions is confined exclusively to the new
States. But, on the other hand, if our citizens do
leave us to avail themselves of these privileges,
then we are sufferers, both in the loss of our peo-
ple and in the loss of the land, which is the com-
mon property of all the States.
Mr. GROW. I have not interrupted the gen-
tleman before, because I know such interruptions
are anything but agreeable, but I think the gen-
tleman has misapprehended my remarks. I said
that no man who had a permanent home in the
old States would leave it in consequence of the
passage of this bill; but that a class of laboring
men who have no such permanent homes, would
be drawn off, and would avail themselves of its
benefits.
Mr. MILLSON. I am showing that, as a mat-
ter of necessity, we shall either lose our popula-
tion, or none of our citizens can derive any ben-
efit from the bill itself. If this bill should pass,
/thousands of the citizens of the old States will
emigrate to the West, and enter upon the land
which is offered to them free of cost. We must be
sufferers both in the loss of our population and
of our land.
I would infinitely rather the new States should
take all the lands at once. But they do not want
to take the land. They much prefer that the Gov-
ernment of the United States should keep it in its
own name, and have it surveyed and managed at
its own cost. We are to beat the expense of
maintaining the present land system, and they are
to reap the benefits.
Rut I have already shown what will be the
operation of this law in the land States. I have
already shown that there are not enough quarter
sections of surveyed lands in any State m the
Union, with the exception of Iowa, Florida, and
perhaps one other State, to supply the males over
twenty-one years residing in those States who
would be entitled to avaii themselves of the privi-
lege this bill would accord them. And, morethan
this, I believe the committee have already adopted
an amendment giving this privilege to females also.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; no such provision
has been made.
Mr. MILLSON. The language of the amend-
ment which has been adopted is, " every white
person over twenty-one years of age;" and this
includes females as well as males.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly it does;
and they ought to be included.
Mr. MILLSON. Then the computation I made
a moment ago ought to be doubled; and I do not
hesitate to say that there is scarcely one of the !
land States in which the number of residents enti-
tled to land under this bill will not exceed the ]
number of quarter sections of surveyed lands in
the State. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. ■'
Jokes,] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis- j
sell,] told the committee that there was so much
land in these States that it could not be exhausted
under the opeiation of this billin fifty years. Well, \
Mi. President, I do not know how long it may be !
before these lands will be exhausted ; but I do know
that, according to the latest census of those States,
there are not now enough surveyed land in ih^m, ■
with peihaps ene or two exceptions, to satisfy the
claims of the persons now there, who would be '
entitled to enter upon them if this bill should pass I
with the amendments already adopted. However
that may be, the old States are expected to pay all I
the expenses of this land system; they are ex-
pected to pay the surveyor, the register, and re-
ceiver, in order that the people of the new States,
and such others as may choose, may come and
take up the lands whenever it may be convenient
for them to settle upon them.
Mr. GROW. I will withd raw my amendment,
with the consent of the committee.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the friends of the bill
will be content with voting upon the amendments
that may be offered, without consuming time in
discussing them.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question is upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell ]
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for tellers on
that amendment.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Walker, and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, we will
take the question by yeas and nays when we get
into the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the first section of the bill, and insert in
lieu thereof what I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not in
order. The proposition of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to strike out a portion of
the section and insert is still pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let my amendment be
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not propose to strike out the whole of
the section. The Chair understands that this is a
proposition to strike out the whole section.
Mr. JONES. It is not in order to strike out
the whole section and substitute something for it
whilst a proposition is pending to strike out a
part.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the motion of the gentleman from Alabama is
to strike out a part of the section.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir, only a part of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois is to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. JONES. Then it does not take precedence
of the motion of the gentleman from Alabama.
The CHAIRMAN. It does not.
Mr. JONES. Then it is not in order till that
is disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The question must first
be put on the motion to strikeout part, before it is
put on the motion to strike out the whole section.
Mr. DOWUELL. Will the first section be
subject to amendment after the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois is submitted to a vote?
The CHAIRM AN. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois prevails, it will not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Corn*] has precedence of mine.
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. DOW DELL. Wishing to avoid a consti-
tutional difficulty, I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike from the fifth line the words " free of cost," and
insert in their stead " fifty cents per acre." •
I was sorry to hear my friend from Virginia
say that he would not again be guilty of the folly
of making constitutional points in this committee
on this subject. It is clear, if this bill passes
without this amendment, that not only the prin-
ciples of the Constitution will be violated, but the
deeds of cession from Georgia and Virginia, and
other States, will also he palpably violated. Of
the lands in the State of Alabama half are unoc-
cupied, and are subject to the deed of cession
from Georgia to Alabama. What does that say ?
That they shall be disposed of for the common
benefit of the United States bona fide, for no other
purpose, and shall enter into the general charge
and expenditure. Now, this bill has not the plau-
sible pretext that the railroad bills have. They
go on the presumption that the Treasury is not in-
jured, and that the remaining lands areenhanced.
This has no such pretext.
