2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
report there is the name of Wentworth con-
nected with that transaction. There are two gen-
tlemen of that name in this House. If the report
is intended to be derogatory to Mr. Wentworth,
I do not intend to bear any part of it, but if it is
intended to be complimentary, I do not desire a
compiiment not intended for me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The testimony which has
been submitted, accompanying the report, will
certainly make that matter plain.
Mr. WENTWORTH. No, sir; I am not
satisfied with that. I want the name to be made
explicit in the report.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I hope the
name will be put in as John Wentworth, of
Illinois.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose there will be no
objection to that alteration being made.
There was no objection*, and the change was
made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the re-
port, with the accompanying: resolution, be laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have been instruct-
ed by the majority of the committee to offer a re-
port, accompanied by testimony. The minority
have also a report to submit to the House. The
points of difference between the recommendations
of the majority and minority will be fully shown
by thereports themselves,and relate to suggestions
touching the conduct of members and officers of
the House.
It ie not proposed, at this time, to read the tes-
timony. I will state, however, that the report
which I hold in my hand, has been drawn up by
myself, and it is so near the close of the session
that I have not been able to get it copied, and as
my handwriting, like that of some other members
of the House, is somewhat illegible to others, I
ask the consent of the House to read it myself It
is as follows:
The select committee, appointed under a resolution of the
House of the 24th of July, 1854, to inquire into an alleged
alteration iti the text of House bill, No. 312, making a
grant of land to the Territory of Minnesota, after its en
grossment and passage through the House, u and al«o in
regard to all other cases of interpolations of bills or joint*
resolutions of the House during the present session," beg
leave to report:
That U ey have considered the subjects submitted to them
as thoroughly as possible, and have taken a large mass of
testimony, which is herewith presented to the House.
There is but one other witness whose testimony is desired
by any of the committee, and they expect to have it filed
to morrow morning, and they ask that it may be primed
with the other testimony. A considerable portion of the
testimony they regard a« irrelevant, but they believe that
whatever has a material bearing upon the subject-matters
of the resolution is exhibited on the record. It ha*, been
impossible, at Huh late period of the session, a\d with the
pressure of business upon the members of ihe committee,
to piepare an elaborate report, analyzing at length the testi-
mony tnken. Your committee, therefore, must content
therti-WveK with submitting the evidence, and their conclu-
sions founded upon it.
1st. In regard to the alleged alteration in the text of the bill
panting bind to aid Minnesota Territory in the construc-
tion ot a railroad therein, they report the following sum-
mary of facts preceding to, and connected with, said alter-
ation :
On the 4th of March la^t the Legislature of Minnesota,
in anticipation of a grant of land by Congress for the rail-
road proposed, passed an act of incorporation, vemng in a
company, when formed and organized in pursuance of the
charter, the -aid mnt, for the purpose ot constructing the
road under certaiirhmitalions and conditions. A copy ot
the charter is filed with the testimony, ft maybe added
tier*, that it appears from the evidence, that a company has
been organized under the piovisions of the charter, the
stocks subscribed, and steps taken to comply with the con
dition-j contained in the act of incorporation, and there is
no evidence that said company were apprised of any un
authorized change in the bill prior to the resolution ot this
House directing an investigation; but your committee not
deeming themselves authorized, under the re;-o!ution of the
House, to examine the merits of the claim of *aid company
to the grant in virtue of the Minnesota charter, leave that
bUhject to the determination of the House.
Oilier parties., however, being unwilling that any com-
pany formed under said act should receive the giant, and
<Jesmng to leave the disposition of it to *ome future Legis
lature of the Territory, framed a bill, which was ottered to
the House Committee on Public Lands, the third section ot
which was as follows:
££ Pec. 3. And be it further enacted* That the said lands
hereby gi anted to saidvTerritory shall be subject to the dis-
posal qt any future Legislature thereof for the purpo.-e
aforesaid, and no other; nor shall they mure to the benefit
any ''omprfhy heretofore constituted or organized. And
the said lailroad shall be and remain a public highway tor
the u^e of the (J-overnment oi the United States, tree from
toll or other charge upon the transportation of any property
or troops of the f Jnited States; nor shad any of said land's
become subject to pnv.ite entry until the same shall have
been first offered ai public sale at the increased price."
The parties who were dissatisfied with the Minnesota
August 3,
charter, and who desired the grant to be thrown upon a
future Legislature, wished the third section to be reported
from the committee, and passed by the House m the above
form ; while those who desired the company to receive the
grant by virtue of the charter wished the word u future"
before the word "Legislature" to be stricken out, and the
word k< and" to be substituted for the word " or" between
the.words ii constituted" and " organized." *
Your committee do not deem it necessary to enlarge upon
the objects and aims of those conflicting interests. They
find that the bill without being referred to from the House,
was sent by the framersof it first to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; that it was referred in committee to Hestor L.
Stevens, a representative from Michigan; that Mr. Stevens
recommended to the committee to report the bill with the
"future" stricken out, and the word "and" substituted
for " or," and that it was directed to be reported with those
changes in the original draft; that Mr. Stevens accordingly
did strike out the word "future " before the bill was re-
ported to the House, and supposed he had made the other
change also, but neglccted to do so, and the bill was re-
ported and passed this body with the word "or" instead
of the word " and " between the words "constituted " and
"organized," in the third section ; that shortly after the
bill passed the House, and before it passed the Senate, the
attention of Mr. Stevens was called to the fact that the sec-
ond change intended had not been made; that Mr. Stevens
then went to the Senate, where the bill was pending, and,
after explaining the above facts to General Jones, a Senator
from Jowa, asked him if thecorrection could then be made;
that General Jones replied, he believed verbal changes
were sometimes made, but he would inquire of Mr. Pat
ton, who had been for a long time one of the engrossing
clerks of the Senate; that they then spoke to Mr. Patton
on the subject, who stated that changes deemed verbal and
unimportant were often made, hut that as this was a bill
from the House, he supposed it could not be done without
the consent of the Clerk of the House, or of the committee
which reported the bill; that Mr. Stevens and Mr. Patton
then proceeded to see Mr. Sproule, one of the engrossing
and enrolling clerks of the House ; that Mr. Stevens asked
him if the word "and" could be substituted for the word
" or," in the third section, saying that it was the purpose of
the committee so to report the bill, and that the omission
had been accidental; that, as Mr. Sproule doubted hi#
power to act in the premises, the three went to the room of
Mr. Forney, the Clerk of the House, where Mr. Stevens
recapitulated the facts above stated, and desired thecorrec-
tion to be made ; that Mr. Fointjy n*ked if *ueh corrootions
were u*ual under similar circumstances, and wis informed
by Mr. Patton that veihal and unimportant changes were
often made, and that such a correction would be made in
the Senate; that Mr. Forney supposed the proposed change
to he unimportant, and at length yielded to the request, and
directed Mr. Sproule to make it; that at this time the en-
grossed bill, the original bill, and the enrolled bill, were all
in the Clerk's office, the bill having been enrolled, as is
customary, in advance of the passage"through both Houses;
that Mr. Sproule accordingly immediately substituted the
word " and " for the word or," in the third section of the
engrossed bill, and at the same time made a corresponding
change ui the original and engrossed bills, and in this form
it passed the Senate, was signed by the Presiding Oificcrs
of both Houses, and appioved by the President.
Your committee, therefore, report that the text of the bill
m question was changed after it passed the House in one
particular, to wit: by substituting the word « and" for the
word " or," between the words "constituted" and "or-
ganized," in the third section, and they believe that the
foregoing statement explains the mode and circumstances
of the change. They have, m addition, taken testimony
with a view to determine whether any of the parties con
nected with the alteration were impelled by corrupt mo-
tives, or intended to practise a fraud on the House ; and,
after a careful review of all the. evidence, they have to re-
port that they do not find such motives or intentions, but,
on the contrary, from the evidence, they distinctly acquit
them of any criminal or improper purpose.
Your committee report that Mr. Stevkns supposed, under
his information in regard to the prevailing custom in both
House*, that it was proper to make the change, to carry
out the unexecuted intention when the hill was reported to
the House, and that the Clerk of the House directed the
change under the influence of the same sentiments.
Bui while your committee make this report in regard to
the motives of the parties, they would express m strong
language their conviction that any unauthorized change in
the text of a bill or resolution of the House, no matter what
the intentions of the parties may he, is of the most danger-
ous tendency; and in this view of the ca*e. they express
the opinion that the change m question deserves severe
censure. To Mr. Sproule your committee attach no blame,
as he acted under the direction of his superior
They deem it proper to add that the evidence shows that
changes and correction*, winch are consideied merely
verbal and unimportant, are sometimes now made m hoth
Houses, and Phey venture to call the attention of the House
to this custom as highly pernicious in its tendencies, and
calculated to produce the mo^t injurious results. Jn the
opinion of your committee it is highly censurable in any
member or officer of the II ouse to make anv change, even
the most unim{#rtant, m any bill orresolunon which has
received the sanction of thir. body.
Your committee have thus reported the facts bearing
upon the change tn the text of the bill after its engrossment
and passage through the House, and tins may be thought
to exhaust the duty imposed upon them by the resolution
ot the House. They do not assume to instruct the House
upon the question whether any legislation is proper, or if
so, in what form it shall be taken; but inasmuch as the
text of the act, now on the statute book, is not in the pre-
cise form in which it was voted on in the House, and as a
majonty of the committee are of opinion that the word
' and" for the word "or" is material in its legal eftecr,
they suppose it to be within the scope and spirit of the
resolution under which they have acted, to report a bell
with a view to remedy the error, if it shall be the pleasure
of the House to tdke such action as it may think to be in
its power to pi ace the text of the act in the exact form in
which it passed this body.
The bill reported by the majority of the com-
mittee, after reciting that the bill which passed the
House had been changed by the substitution of
44 and" for " or" between the words ii constituted''
and " organized, "in thethird section, restores the
word " or," it being the intent to place the act in
the exact form- in which it was voted upon by the
House.
The second section provided that, by virtue of
no act heretofore passed by the Minnesota Legis-
lature, shall the Governor, auditor, and treasurer
have the power to designate the company, or
companies, who shall receive the benefit of the
act.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. In explanation of
this second section, I will state to the House the
following facts: The committee have already pre-
sented tbe fact of the organization of the company,
and of their claim under this matter, which the
committee did not undertake to decide. By the
nineteenth section of the act which passed the
Minnesota Legislature, incorporating the com-
pany, it is provided:
" In case the persons incorporated by this act shall fail or
neglect to accept the privilege to the same, and to comply
with the conditions within the time, and in the manner here-
in described, the same may be accepted fey any other com-
pany approved of by the Governor, auditor, and treasurer
of the Territory, which, upon complying with the terms and
conditions of this act, will be vested with all rights, powers,
and immunities vested in the corporation herein named;
and shall be subject to all the liabilities in said act, set forth
in as full and ample a manner as the company hereby or-
ganized."
The object of the committee being, in case those
who had organized themselves under the charter
granted by.the Legislature of Minnesota had failed
to comply with the conditions of the act, that it
should not be in the power of the officials of the
Territory to put it into the hands of any other com-
pany prior to the action of the Minnesota Legisla-
ture.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky be good enough to state by what members
of the committee the report just read has been
signed ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not believe that
the members of the committee have signed it.
The report, however, is made by Mr. Davis., Mr.
Barry, and myself.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I arn instructed by the
minority of the special committee to present a
report, embracing their views on the present con-
dition of the testimony taken.
Before proceeding, however, to read the report,
it is but proper to say, that the committee have
been assiduously engaged, from eight o'clock in
the morning till some time in the night, since their
appointment. The minority think that the testi-
mony touching one branch of the inquiry is yet
incomplete, it has been impossible to get the
attendance of witnesses, deemed by all of the
committee important to this investigation. And,
by way of exhibiting or illustrating that fact, I
have but to say to the House, on behalf of the
minority, that this morning, for the purpose of
getting certain information which we deemed
important, questions were propounded by tele-
graph to a witness in the city of New York, who
was unable to attend. We have had no answers
to those interrogatories yet. If the House gets
any before its adjournment to-morrow, those
answers must be subject to all the uncertainties
of sending interrogatories, and receiving responses
by telegraph. I will read the report. It is as
follows;
The minority of the select committee appointed to inves-
tigate the alleged alterations in the bill which passed the
House of Representatives granting -public lands, to the
Territory of Minnesota, to aid in the construction of a
railroad therein, &c., &c.
I. That an alteration was made in the bill mentioned in
the resolution subsequent to its engrossment and passage
by the House, and that the alteration was not merely cleri-
cal, but material^ completely changing one of its= most im-
portant ieatur^s : that the bill which passed the Senate arid
was approved by the President, and is now considered to
be a law, has never been acted on by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
II. That the alteration was made by Mi Sproule, the
engrossing clerk, by the authority and under the directions
of Mr. Forney, the Clerk of the Housp, without which the
said enrolling clerk had previously refused to do so.
HI. The next point of inquiry embraced in the resolu-
tion, and the only one under which the committee have en-
countered difficulties, is, under what circumstances was
such change made,"
