1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
The testimony' under this branch of the investigation,
although voluminous, is yet incomplete, and we do not deem
Jt proper to form conclusions, selling a willful fraud upon any
party, upon partial or imperfect testimony, taken by the
committee in great haste under the disadvantages which
surround them at the close of the session. Besides, several
witnesses, deemed important, reside at a great distance
from the capital, and their attendance cannot now be pro-
cured. We therefoie think that all the testimony taken,
except as hereinafter mentioned, should be withheld from
publication at this time, and that the committee should be
authoiized to continue its inquiries at the next session. A
resolution to that effect is herewith reported. It is regarded
as a matter of justice to the parties whom the testimony
taken might tend to implicate in a fraudulent purpose, to
withhold the evidence taken until a full, thorough, and de-
liberate investigation may be had touching their agency in
the matter.
There are certain facts connected with this most extraor-
dinary infringement upon the rights of the House, so clearly
and conclusively proven, that we proceed to state them
briefly and as intelligibly as we can in a hurried report.
Two distinct bills granting land-* to Minnesota Territory
have been acted upon by both branches of Congress. The
first bill originated in and parsed the Seriate, ft came to
the House, and there failed about the 10th of March.
Whilst this measute was pending before Congress, certain
parlies applied to the Territorial Legislature of Minnesota,
then in session, for a charter for a company known as the
" Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Company." Af-
ter a protracted controversy in the Legislature, this charter
passed on the 4th of March, whilst the bill granting lands,
and which afterwards failed, was before this House. That
charter, as will be seen by reference, tiansterred in advance
to said company all the lands which Congress might grant
to the Territory, and, amongst other things, required the
corporators to organize the company on or before the 1st
of July. The nineteenth section provides thatkt if the cor-
porators did not so organize, &.c., then the governor, sec-
retary, and treasurer of the Territory might select any
other company to receive the benefit of said grant.
The first bill having failed m Congress, we now proceed
to give a brief history of the second bill—that which was
alteied. We do this to throw light on the ••circumstances"
attending the alteration. The third section, (that which
was altered,) as originally prepated and sent to the Com-
mittee on Public Land*, contained these words:
"That the said lands hereby granted to the said Terri-
tory, shall be subject to the disposal of any future Legisla-
ture thereof, for the purpose afoiesaid, and no other; nor
shall they inure to the benefit of any company heretofore
c(instituted or organized/*
The eli'ect of this language would be, first, to place said
railroad company in the power of a future Legislature as
to the lands granted ; secondly, to exclude it and all other
companies constituted or organized.
Whilst this bill was being prepared, and was before the
Committee on Public Lands, Ceorge W. Billings, one of
the said corporators, was in Washington conferring with
those who prepared it, (or the purpose of having it so
worded as to secure the grant to the said company.
The bill was in the charge of the Hon. Mr. Stevens,
as a member of the Committee on Public Lands. 13 el ore
reporting the bill to the House, he, understanding that he
had authority from the committee to do so, erased the woid
" futuie." The original draft, with this erasure, was put
on its passage without having been printed, and those who
took special interest in the matter supposed it was the iden-
tical bill sent into the committee, as Mi. s. had not advised
them of the change. The bill passed in this House on the
20th of June. It was properly engrossed and sent to the
Senate, where it was taken up and printed. When printed,
it was found to contain the words, excluding all companies,
" constituted ur organized." The company already men-
tioned was therefore excluded by the bill. The word a or"
was era&ed in the manner stated from the enrolled bill, and
the word " and''inserted, and the same alteration was made
in the original bill and the enrolled bill, which was after-
wards apptoved by the President. The corpoiators were
limited to the first ol July to oiganize. and if oiganized
prior to the pass-aye of the bill, they would be excluded
from the grant, unless the word*' and" was thus substi-
tuted for '• or." The bill thus altered passed the Senate
June 2^th, was approved by the President June 29th, and
the company organized July 1st. That company now
claims that the lands, by the terms of the act thus altered,
inures to its benefit.
In view of these facts, we regard the immediate passage
of an act to correct the terms of the grant as of the utmost
importance If such action is not had before the. close ot
this session, it may be claimed that such rights to these
lands have vested in the &aid company as cannot be taken
away by future, legislation. We cannot recommend a rc
peal of the grant, tor the reason, that we do not think the
laboring pioneers of Minnesota should be punished on ac-
count of wiong«? to which they are not a party. Nor do we
agree entirely to the bill proposed by the majority, in our
judgment, the enure third section should be repealed, and
sucli provisions substituted therefor, as will, beyond doubt,
place the grant of land- under the control of Legislatures
hereafter to be chosen by the people, and prevent the trans-
fer of such an important power to the Governor and oiher
officers appointed by the Executive. Tins we n'gard as due
to the principle of "popular sovereignty." Accordingly,
we have reported such a bill.
It is due in justice to add that, as yet. no proof has been
taken, nor have we any reason to believe thai any such
exists, to lead our judgments to the conclusion that either of
the alterations wis made or procuied by any member or
officer of either branch of Congress with a design to perpe-
trate any fiaud, or to do any wiong; or through corrupt or
criminal motives ; oi that any t=uch meoibei or officer was
actuated by such motives in aiding the passage of the btli.
Whether the action of Mi. Stevens and of Mr. Forney, re-
sulting either irom want of proper attention as to the. effact
of such an alteration, a disposition to accommodate others,
or from negligence ol duty, calls for any further action of
the House, is for the House itself to decidc. Whilst we are
neither disposed nor prepared to deny the purity of the mo-
tive, we condemn the act as a culpable error. If such a
system prevails, there can be no certainty or reliability in
congressional action. There can be no safety to members
under such a practice, because it falsifies the votes they
give under the solemnities of jrtieir oath, by making them
appear as voting/or measures* which thefy would have op-
posed. U brings odium upon Congress, and destroys public
confidence in congressional proceedings.
The sanctity of the record should always be preserved,
and those charged with it should be held to the most rigid
accountability. LEWJS D. CAMPBELL.
I concur in the foregoing report, except that I prefer the
form of the bill recommended by the majority to that of the
bill accompanying this report. G. A. SIMMONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will now read the bill
and resolution refetred to:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representativet
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the third section of an act entitled " An act to aid the
Territory of Minnesota in the construction of a railroad
therein," approved June 29, 1854, be, and the same is here-
by, repealed.
Sec. 2 Jlnd be it further enacted, That the lands granted
to said Territory by virtue of the act aforesaid, shall not be
subject to disposal under the provisions of any act hereto
fore passed by the Legislature of said Territory, nor shall
any portion of the lands inure to the benefit of any com-
pany heretofore constituted or organized in said Territory,
or elsewhere, but in futuie legislation shall have the right
to dispose of the same for the construction of one or more
railroads therein: Provided, That m no event shall the
Governor, or other person in said Territory, have power to
designate the company or companies to whose benefit said
grant shall inure; and any railroad which may receive aid
from said grant of land, shall be and remain a public high-
way for the use of the Government of the Umied States,
free from all toll or other charge on transpoitation of any
property or troops of the United States. Nor shall any of
the said lands be subject to private entry until the same
shall have been first offered at public sale at the increased
price.
The latter clause is the same as that in the ori-
ginal third section of the bill.
The resolutions reported are as follows:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to inves-
tigate the alterations made to the bill "granting lands to the
Territory of Minnesota, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road therein," be directed lo continue their investigation at
the next session of Congress.
Resolved, Thar the testimony of Messrs Jones, Stevens,
Forney, Sproule, Lee, Buck, and French, having reference
to the facts immediately connected with the alteration
made to the Minnesota land bill, be made part of the reports
printed, and that the balance of the testimony taken be
retained by the committee until their final report is sub'
mitted.
Mr. Speaker, I desire now to say one word by
way of explanation of the difference between the
two bills. This chartered company procured this
charter from the MinnesotaLegislature on the 4th
of March, one of the corporators of which sought
to have the bill pa?s here in a particular form. In
that charter there is a section which provided that
if the charter failed, the governor, treasurer, and
secretary might have the power to designate the
company to receive these lands. The bill reported
by the majority of the committee takes away the
power of that act, but it does not provide any-
thing against the future, so that the very Legisla-
ture which gave that extraordinary power might
be convened in an extra session, and pass an act
in the future that would carry the same power to
the Governorand thoseofficers;forthebill reported
' by the majority simply guards against that which
was done heretofore, while the bill reported by the
minority provides that no such power over these
lands shall be given to those officers; and the whole
thing will be left subject to the action of the Legis-
lature hereafter to be chosen by the people. That
is the important distinction; and the second differ-
ence is this: The testimony which this committee
has most assiduously sought for, in order to probe,
to the bottom the outside influences and motives
winch produced this important change, hasnotyet
been had, but has been telegraphed for. It is for
that reason that the minority think—although
they do not ask to sit during the recess, and
; although every member of the committee would
| be glad to avoid the discharge of any such duty 
| it due to the integrity of Congress, and the invio-
| lability of the records of this House, that the com-
mittee should act at some time in the future with the
poweis they have.
Mr. PHILLFPS. I desire to ask the gentle-
ji man a question before he sits down. What is
ij the object of proposing to continue the sitiing of
I this committee, when the minority as well as the
majority of the committee have reported to the
House their opinion that the alteration was im-
material, and that they exonerate all the parties
who made it of fraudulent intent?
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is testimony which
might tend to some extent to implicate other par-
ties, and might tend to implicate to some extent
members of this House. The minority think it
important that full testimony should be taken to
wipe out even the suspicion that might be raised
under the imperfeot state of testimony, or, if not
to wipe out, to fasten with some degree of cer-
tainty on the right persons the crime, if there has
been any perpetrated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to in-
quire in relation to the reception of the bill re-
ported by the majority of the committee. Shall
it be read a first and second time?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before that is done,
allow me to make one or two other explanations.
Mr. CAMPBELL. For the purpose of having
the matter tested, I #ish the gentleman from Ken-
tucky first to allow the question to be taken on
the bill proposed as a substitute—the bill of the
minority. If that be voted down, then the ques-
tion can be taken on the bill reported by the ma-
jority.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to permit me one moment.
I wish to appeal to the gentleman fromNew*York
[Mr. Haven] to withdraw his objection to the
appointment of a commjjtee of conference on the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. He is
aware that there is a large number of amend-
ments on which the two Houses disagree. Then
there are the army bill, the navy bill, the post
office appropriation bill, all behind the one which
he speaks of, and which he is desirous of getting
up. It will take a considerable portion of the re-
maining time of the session for the committee of
conference to act upon the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill; and if he will withdraw his
objection, and permit the committee of conference
to be appointed, all his purposes can be answered.
Mr. HAVEN. I will answer that appeal in a
moment, by saying that if my friends are willing
to do it, I am desirous—inasmuch as the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill has gotahead of this
other appropriation bill—that a committee of con-
ference should be appointed. If they are agree-
able to this 
Several Members. Yes, yes.
Mr. HAVEN. ButI insist that I will notcon-
sent to any action on the other appropriation bills.
I will withdraw my objection to the proposition
of the gentleman from Alabama, if that is agree-
able to the House.
The SPEAKER. Then if there be no other
objection to the proposition of the gentleman from
Alabama, a committee of conference will be ap-
pointed.
There being no objection, the following named
gentlemen were appointed a committee of confer-
ence, to meet a similar committee on the part of
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill: Messrs. Houston, Ha-
ven, and Hendricks.
Mr. HUNT. I rise to a question of privilege.
I do not know that it is competentfora commiitee
of conference to correct an error made in this
House. I understand that an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, reported to
have been non-concurred in, was concurred in.
Now, I desire the correction to be made in the
proper place by the proper person.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in reply to the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Hunt,] would
say that that subject was investigated. How-
ever, the gentleman has submitted no motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There are one or
two words of explanation which 1 wish to offer.
Mr. HUNT. Did I understand the Chair to
say that I had made no motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood the
gentleman, and so remarked, in order to call his
attention to it.
Mr. HUNT. Then I wish to be distinctly
understood. From what I have been told here*
I have learned that no motion is necessary, anii
that action may be taken on this matte; oy the
committee of conference. I am alluding: to an
amendment which passed in relation to marine
hospitals. I have been informed by thegentleman
from Alabama that the amendment of the Senate
has been recorded as non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. By a mistake, such ts the
fact; a Committee of the Whole House agreed to
