1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJEL
12B7
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read.
The Cleric then proceeded to read the amend-
ment. i
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out all between the
words " Nebraska," in the eighteenth line, and
the word " provided," in the twenty-second line.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
" And when admitted a? a State or States, the said Ter-
ritory, or any portion of the same, shall be received into
the Union, with or without slavery, as their constitution
may prescribe at the time of their admission,"
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is unnecessary that I
should say I am opposed to the bill. I wish to
call the attention of the committee to that part
which says what future Congresses shall do, and
what they shall not do. Such a provision is ut-
terly and palpably at variance with the construc-
tion which every statesman has ever given to the
Constitution.
The absurdity of the proposition that to legis-
late for those who shall come after us, or attempt
to determine what our successors shall do in rela-
tion to the admission or rejection of a State with
slavery or without slavery, appears to me absurd.
It strikes me that no member of the House will
be willing to place his name upon the record in
favor of such a proposition; particularly would I
suppose that to be the case at the present time,
when every man upon the opposite side of the
House has taken the position that the most solemn
obligation of a former Congress, entered into
under peculiar circumstances, shall be disregarded,
trampled upon, and repudiated. Ami lo stand
here and gravely enact what my successors shall
do in relation to admitting States from this Terri-
tory, with or without slavery, when the record
of this discussion will bear to our successors the
fact that the doctrine has been gravely and sol-
emnly denied in our debates, and in this very bill,
which declares the Missouri compromise inopera-
tive and void? Every member who sustains it
has taken the ground that all former attempts to
bind a subsequent Congress are held in contempt.
"When we see this in the bill before us, can we
turn around and embrace in it directions to such
future Congresses as may have the question before
them, and instruct them to admit such States as'
may apply for admission, with just such consti-
tutions as they may happen to present?
Sir, if we possess the right or the power to do
that, this bill is itself an aosurdity, for it denies
the power. I ask if gentlemen will maintain such
inconsistencies? Do they suppose they can make
the people believe these absurdities? Will gen-
tlemen place such contradictions upon the record,
and withrthe expectation that the people will not
detect them ? The bill Itself on its very face de-
nies ihe obligation which former Congresses have
attempted to impose upon us; and having repudi-
ated that, it attempts to bind those who shall come
after us. Sir, gentlemen may make any attempts
in that direction which they may please, but I tell
them that all such attempts to bind our successors
in future times will be in vain; they will repudiate
all yonr efforts to jjuide their action. When they
see that we have disregarded the will of our pre-
decessors, who in 1820 consecrated this terrilory
to freedom, they will repudiate this very act. You
may say to them that these new States shall come
in .with or without slavery, as they themselves
may determine, but your instructions will be in
vain. You may say that they shall not legislate
upon this subject in future; but, gentlemen, they
wilt meet you on this point; the free States will
make their voices heard on a subject in which
they will have so much interest. The question
will go before the people ere that period shall ar-
rive; the popular voice will be heard, and the pop-
ular influence will be felt, and the popular will
understood, by men who shall hold seats here
when these States apply for admission.
Gentlemen who now appear to feel themselves
clothed with powers to condemn all past action of
our predecessors, and to guide all future action of
our successors?, will be likely to hear the voice of
popular indignation, pronouncing the dread sen-
tence of " depart, ye politically accursed, into outer
darkness."
Gentlemen may understand that we of the North
recognize no obligation to associate in this body
with Representatives from new slave Slates. I
think the last slave State has been admitted. We
want no more Representatives in this Hall, unless
they are the Representatives of frmken. Gentle-
men cannot palm off upon us a proposition so much
opposed to the feelings and sentiments of a major-
ity of the people of the Union. No, sir. When
these States come in, they must come as fret States.
We want no more Representatives of slavery; we
must have Representatives of freemen, or none at
all.
Now it strikes me that this proposition is so
palpably just, that I almost expect the support of
gentlemen upon the other side of the House. I
look to their support with some degree of confi-
dence. They must vote for this amendment if
they intend to maintain consistency of action.
Their avowed doctrines are distinctly in favor of
the amendment; and I am not at liberty to suppose
they will reject an amendment in such accordance
with the whole tenor of their action.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, and hope it will
be rejected. I am not, however, disposed to dis-
cuss it, and I therefore give the balance of my five
minutes to the committee.
The question now being on Mr. Giddings's
amendment,
Mr. BENNETT. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Saff and
Hamilton were appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Giddings's
amendment; and it was decided in the negative,
the tellers having reported—ayes 53, noes not
counted.
Mr. WALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike from the first section the words " be, and
the same is hereby," and m lieu thereof to insert
the words " shall not, during the year 1854, be,"
so that, if the amendment be adopted, the section
will read, "thence down the mam channel of said
river to the place of beginning, shall .not, during
the year 1854, created into a temporary gov-
ernment by the name of the Territory of Ne-
braska."
I do not wish, Mr. Chairman, that any friend
of this bill should regard the amendment which I
submit as a frivolous one. It is not so intended
by me. It is intended as a substantial amendment.
And for the purpose of testing the sense of the
committee on the question involved, I propose it
to the committee, and through the committee I
wish to have it understood by the country that it
has been proposed as the olive branch of peace.
Mr. Chairman, this House of Representatives
was not elected on the issue which is now engross-
ing our thoughts, our hearts, and our feelings.
Members were sent here to transact the ordinary
business of the country; if need be, to create the
Territory of Nebraska; and if there be occasion
for more than one Territory, to form two, by the
names of Nebraska and Kansas, or what not. 1
put it to this committee, I put it to the friends of
this measure, I put it to their own consciences, that
we were not sent here 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. What is the gentleman's
point of order?
"Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman is not
discussing the proposition involved in his amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts proposes that the bill shall take effect
at a future period, and is stating his reasons why
the amendment should be adopted. The Chair is
of the opinion that the gentleman is in order.
Mr. WALLEY. I do not intend to travel one.
iota, one hair's breadth from the line of order. I
say, with great deference to the gentleman who
has interrupted me, that I am strictly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. WALLEY. Allow me to say to this
committee, that we are unprepared to act upon this
matter now; we were not elected for this purpose;
and if gentlemen do not agree with me in this
sentiment now, they wilt be convinced that I am
right before the present year closes.
I am telling gentlemen what I know from what
I hear, and from what my constituents write to
me. I have letters from the most conservative
men in Massachusetts, from men who have stood
by the institutions of this country, and by all the
compromises faithfully and fearlessly, and they
tell me " you are periling everything; pray tell
us, cannot you make the South understand that
they are jeopardizing their own interests, as well
as the interests of the whole country?"
Such is the language that is written to me by
men who have been the most conservative men in;
Boston and in Massachusetts, up to the present
time, and I have offered this amendment for the
purpose of saying to the friends of this bill, to
those who wish to rush it through the present
Congress with hot haste, that I ask them to pause
until there have been elections held, until the pea-"
pie shall have spoken in their primary assemblies
on this question, until we have heard from our
constituents North and South. Why, sir, I re-
ceived a letter from a friend in North Carolina,
this morning, saying that he sympathizes with me
in the views expressed in my speech the other
day, and that the South were making a mistake,.
in his judgment, upon this matter, and I am well
convinced that vast numbers of southern people
cherish widely different sentiments from those
which are urged upon this floor,and pressed upon
the country by politicians 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BR1DGES. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Bridges were appointed. .
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 103.
So the amendment was rejected.
. Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to offer the follow-
ing amendment m thesixth line of thefirst section
of this bill, after the words " to wit," strike out
all, including the word " beginning," in the seven-
teenth line, and insert the following:
Beginning at a point on ihe western boundary of the
State of Missoiui where the thirty seventh parallel of north
latitude crosses the same; thence westward on said parallel
to the eastern boundary of IVew Mexico; thence north on
said boundary to Unhide 38° ; thence following said bound-
ary westward to the east boundary of Ulah, or the summit
ot the Rocky Mountains ; thence on said summit northward
to ihe. lorty-ninth parallel of noith lamude ; thence east on
said parallel to the western boundaiy of Minnesota; thence
southward on said boundary to the Mississippi river;
thence down the main channel of said river to the place of
beginning.
This amendment includes both Nebraska and
Kansas, and hence makes one instead of two ter-
ritorial governments.
I offer this amendment in good faith, not ex-
pecting, however, that it will be carried in this
committee; because I perceive that there is a ma-
jority m. favor of doing what the chairman of the
Committee on Territories [Mr. Richardson] an-
nounced should be the order of business—that is,
to votedown every amendment proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York must confine his remarks to the amendment
he offers.
Mr. PECKHAM. I will endeavor to do so.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
said that he proposed to organize two Territories
now, for the reason that if he omitted to do so he
anticipated another fight in an attempt to organize
another, and hence he intended to organize two
now. Why now? Because, if there should be
another fight, on which side will be the victory is .
not doubtful. Is the gentleman afraid to leave
this question to the popular voice? He advocates
the doctrine of popular sovereignty with great
energy. He claims'to rely upon that principle as
sustaining this bill, but he hasnot the courage to
act upon his principle, and trust the popular sover-
eignty to decide whether we shall have two Terri-
tories or one. Such a position has never before
been token in this House, nor in any legislative
body, in my belief,as the one here announced by
the gentleman—in effect that they will legislate,
not upon the merits of the bill, not for the wants
of the country, not for its interests or its welfare,
' but simply because they chance to have the power,
1 it shall be exercised while they have it to organize
[ two Territories over this land where it is not de-
i nied, in fact it is virtually conceded, that only one
j territorial government is required, as it is not pre-
i tended that there are inhabitants enough in the
i whole territory now to form a small village,
j Sir, the gentleman might as well go one step
further—his position will carry him there—he
i might as well admit both these Territories as
j Slates now. It may save strife, and the Constitu-
1 tion does not prohibit it. This organizing two
