528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
execution. Yet I confess I have something of the
spirit of the old countess who protested against
the justice of the sentence by which she was con-
demned to death, and ran around the scaffold tell-
ing the executioner if he would have her head, he
must take it as he best might. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] adverts to the vote
given by my colleagues and myself, in the Thirty-
First Congress, for the swamp land bill. I voted
for that bill. I voted for it most cheerfully, never
dreaming that it could be objected to as unconsti-
tutional. I am glad that the gentleman has re-
ferred to that vote, because he will see in it the
evidence that we are not so niggard of the public
domain, and so tenacious of our rights in it, as to
be insensible to the claims of justice.
Sir, I never for a moment nad a doubt in ref-
erence to the constitutionality of giving away those
swamp lands. Wegaveourvotesforthatmeasure
•with full confidence in the representations made by
honorable gentlemen from the West. The official
reports, which I examined, confirmed their state-
ments. If it was true, as it was then stated, that
these lands were of no present value to the Gov-
ernment, and were of such a character as endan-
gered the health and safety of those living in that
neighborhood, it was right that we should relin-
quish our title to them, and allow them to be im-
proved and reclaimed by the States in which they
were situated. Sir, there is not a shadow of a
doubt that we not only have the right, under the
Constitution, but that it is even our duty to give up
such portions of the public domain as, possessing
no value in themselves, endanger the health and
safety of the people of the States in which they lie.
Is the gentleman answered?
I would vote to give away, to throw away, to
destroy, if possible, those public lands which are
worthless, and which are only productive of dis-
ease and danger, as readily as I would vote to
authorize the destruction of counterfeit notes or
spurious coin, which had been received by the
agents of the Government supposing it to be gen-
uine. Would there be any fault in the destruction
of such money? Surely not; noris there any breach
of the Constitution or violation of our trust in
surrendering to the States in which they lie the
swamp and overflowed lands which have no value
as property, and are only sources of danger and
disease to the inhabitants who dwell in their neigh-
borhood.
If, as I am unwilling to suppose, we were de-
ceived as to the real character of these lands, by
the representations which were made to us at the
time by gentlemen upon this floor from the west-
ern States—if, as my colleague [Mr. Letcher]
said yesterday, many of these lands have never
had any water upon them, except what fell from
the heavens, then I can only say, that while it
would not prove we were wrong, it would only
show that in future we should, perhaps, be justi-
fied in scrutinizing the statements of honorable
gentlemen rather more than we have heretofore
deemed necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Virginia one constitutional
question. I want to know if it is not as constitu-
tional 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. 1 suppose it would
be in order to move to strike out the first section
of the hill?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will not be
in order until the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] which is to strike
out and insert, shall have been disposed of.
Mr. SMITH. Then I will wait until that is
done.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to amend the section
of the bill under consideration by striking out in
the fifth line the words " free of cost," and insert-
ing " at twenty-five cents per acre."
This amendment, Mr, Chairman, I offer ingood
faith, ft is my earnest desire that the actual settlers
upon our public domain shall have the public lands
at such «. price as will do justice to all parts of the
Confederacy, and which at the same time will be
liberal to them. In order to do justice to that ex-
tent, it is necessary that the expenses of maintaining
the land system should be paid by those receiving
the benefits of it. By reference to the statements
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, :
this committee will see that the cost of the sur-
veyed and unsurveyed lands in the United States,
excluding the lands in Utah and New Mexico,
and California, is fourteen and a half cents per
acre; the cost of surveying, managing, and selling
those lands is seven cents an acre—making alto-
gether about twenty-two cents an acre. I have
put it at twenty-five cents for contingencies. The
cost of issuing the patents is already provided for
in the bill.
Mr. ORR. How much for Indian titles and
Indian wars?
Mr. HAMILTON. Those are incidental ex-
penses. We must provide for them anyway.
Mr. ORR. We have not bought any of the
Indian lands in Utah yet.
Mr. HAMILTON. No, sir; and 1 do not in-
clude Utah, New Mexico, and California.
I have thus given you the estimated expense of
an acre of our public domain. Is there a man in
any part of the Union who can object to receiving
the public domain at that cost, especially when it
is considered that we of the East, the consumers
of the old States and of the new, who are not dis-
posed to participate in the benefits of this bill,
must contribute to the revenue to support the ex-
pense of the system? I desire to see this stupen-
dous and magnificent land system maintained. I
desire to see the General Government maintain the
control it has hitherto had over it. I desire to see
this great system—a monument to the wisdom of
our fathers—maintained in good faith; but whilst
doing that, I am indisposed to throw the expense
of it upon those who cannot derive any benefit
from this bill. Let us all share in the general ex-
penditure. But no one can expect that the system
is to be maintained at our expense whilst others
enjoy the exclusive benefits of our public domain.
I oifer this amendment in good faith. If it is
adopted, I will support the bill. It is liberal to the
emigrant; it is liberal to the settler, and it is doing
equal and exact justice to all. The honest settler,
the pioneer, cannot complain at being required to
pay this small price for the land; and then the
people of the old States will not be solicitous to
relieve themselves from the charge upon the Treas-
ury forthe public land system; butotherwise you
will find a disposition on the part of the people of the
old States to relieve them selves from thecare of these
public lands. I desire to maintain the system as es-
tablished by our fathers. I desire to maintain it as
long as the public lands remain under the steady
and unswerving control of the General Govern-
ment. I desire that the public lands shall not fall
into the hands of speculators, who will impose
upon the people of the old States when they go to
the far West to settle and find new homes. I
have nothing more to say,
Mr. CHANDLER. I agree so much with the
gentleman who has just taken his seat in his gen-
eral views that I almost regret the necessity that I
feel under of opposing the measure which he has
propounded to the House. I think when we are
making a distribution of lands that we ou^ht to
make it for the good of the whole community, and
that we ought to study carefully the means by
which we shall equalize it, at least equalize the
benefit of the lands. If we give—and I shall vote
for giving millions of acres to corporations, that
the corporators may thereby profit as well as the
land owners in the vicinity; I therefore think that
it will be something like equalizing our action and
the benefit of our action, if we distribute portions
of these lands for the benefit of those who cannot
hold railroad scrip, or cannot have anything; to in-
vest in that mode of profit.
I go for this bill because it benefits the old
States; not because it will depopulate them, as
some say. I go for it, not because it is to invite to
our shores millions of the paupers of the Old
World, but because thousands and millions of
those paupers will annually come here, not because
invited by us so much as for the cause that they
are driven away by those with whom they have
lived, and by whom they have been impoverished.
I ask some means of outlet by which our Atlantic
cities ma.y be freed from this class of citizens, and
that their powers to labor and willingness to
labor may have something upon which they may
be exercised—-that the country may benefit by
that class of emigration, by their industrious hab-
its, and the returns which the soil shall make for
their labor—forthe sweat of their brow which will
be poured upon it. And therefore I desire, because
I seek equality, to see this democratic element put
into the mode of our distribution of the public
land, that the country too may share with those
who cannot profit by the value of railroad stock,
in a part of the profits which it derives from
giving away land to corporations; that those who
cannot profit there may profit by this mode,
while we profit, also, by giving efficacy to their
numbers, and make them valuable citizens in our
great Commonwealth. We need something by
which they can be drawn from our sea-coast—some
mode by which they can find encouragement to
labor in the West—to be scattered over the coun-
try instead of being congregated in masses, and
retaining in our cities their national peculiarities—
coming across the ocean, changing the heavens,
but not changing one grain of their mode of
thought, their habit of speech, or the language in
which their thoughts are uttered. Weneed some-
thing to Americanize these men, to separate them
from the great masses where they are putrifying
as they are in our city, bringing a moral evil upon
us when they possess within themselves the ele-
ments of good. They might be able to promote
the benefit of our country by laboring on that un-
occupied soil, and reducing it to a state of produc-
tion for their benefit and for the moral benefit of
our own country. Therefore I make this land
not an eleemosynary favor—nothing of that kind,
sir—but a mode for equalizing our land system by
which all parts and all parties may share in its
benefits. I will not occupy the attention of the
committee further.
Mr. DEAN. I move to strike out one cent.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the difference between twenty-
four and twenty-five cents.
Mr. DEAN. That is a great difference. I am
opposed to charging twenty-five cents; and as the
Chairman has ruled that I cannot speak except
on the difference between twenty-four and twenty-
five cents—one cent—I shall reserve the remarks I
intended to submit, for some other time. I hope,
however, Mr. Chairman, that other gentlemen
may be held to the same strictness. 1 hope that
all the constitutional difficulties which gentlemen
feel will not be allowed to be stated hereafter on
this floor.
[Cries of " Order! "]
Mr. DEAN. If there be no objection, I with-
draw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is an
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to propose an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio propose to amend that?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
which is to strike out the words " free of cost,"
and insert " at twenty-five cents per acre."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to amend by add-
ing to the words " free of cost," the words " and
that they be provided witbone rifle gun each."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
amendment is out of order, it not being germane
to the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move to add, "that
they be furnished with one copy of the Constitu-
tion of the United States."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules still that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is out
of order. It is not germane to the subject. The
question, is on the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 propose to amend by in-
serting, in the fourth line, after the word " shall"
the words " after one year;" which will make the
section read, "the citizen of the United States
shall, after one year from the passage of this act,
be entitled," &c.
I have no great faith, Mr. Chairman, in this
bill; but if it be opening a rich vein to the whole
country. It seems to me that it would be well
enough that the eastern States—the States on the
Atlantic-—should have opportunities equal to those
of the western States for enjoying its benefits.
If it be the land of promise, we ought to start fair,
