1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Being unable to
agree with my friend from Indiana in his facts,
his arguments, or his conclusions, I am con-
strained to oppose his amendment, and I ask for
a vote upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ritchie, of
Pennsylvania, and Hillver, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes 85.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FLAGLER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the sixth section:
And this act shall not take effect until the rights of the
Indians in said Territories shall be extinguished in the
manner provided by this section.
This very section prescribes a way of extin-
guishing the title of these Indian tribes. It presup-
poses that it can be accomplished, and therefore
it is that in this act we are opening a door for the
admission of white men. Now, considering the
circumstances under which so many of these tribes
have been located there, and the solemn guarantee
which has been extended to them that they should
there dwell unmolested, so long as they existed
as tribes, it does seem to me that this act should
take effect only upon the removal ofrfhis great ob-
stacle in the way of our organizing the territorial
governments prescribed by this bill. I offer this as
an additional reason for delay, and I would join
my voice with my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Walley] in doing it.
Another reason why this committee should not
persist in their efforts to press through this objec-
tionable bill is, that it not only violates the princi-
ples of the Missouri compromise, but it contem-
plates an invasion of the rights of the Indians of
these Territories, and extends an invitation to
white men to invade their hunting grounds pledged
to them forever. I submit this amendment to the
friends of the bill. The rights of these red men
should be held sacred. Are they willing to give
up their homes in this wilderness? The bill seems
to anticipate it, and prescribes a method of remov-
ing this difficulty; but who can tell when it will
be accomplished ? Until it is done, the operations
of this bill should be suspended.
And, meanwhile, the action of the people can be
had, and their will can be expressed in reference
to the merits of all the questions involved in this
measure. We shall then not merely guess at,
but know what they desire to have done. I offer
this amendment in good faith, as one very import-
ant, in my judgment, to be incorporated into the
bill, and one which, if adopted, will do some-
thing towards removing the objections which gen-
tlemen have to its passage. We oufht to give
time for the sense of the people to be expressed in
the matter.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, and shall vote against it.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brooks and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 84.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PULLER. I propose an amendment to
the first section of the bill, to come in after the
word " Nebraska," in the eighteenth line:
And the Territorial Legislature shall have the power to
establish or exclude slavery as to them shall seem proper.
Asa national Democrat, and the only one that
came into the Thirty-First Congress from New
England, as an anti-Wilmot proviso man, I am
anxious to vote for this bill. If the amendment
which I have offered shall be adopted, I shall vote
for it; if it does not prevail, I shall vote against it,
as at present advised. Arid, sir, in the spirit of
kindness, I ask some of those gentlemen who
stood by me in the Thirty-First Congress, and
there are several such from the southern section
of the Union upon this floor now, to yield a little
for the sake of harmony. I helped make the com-
promises of that period. I, sir, voted for every
one of the five so-called compromise measures of
1850, and when three men only from the slave
States did vote for all of them, and only twenty-
seven men in that Congress voted for all of them.
This bill has been advocated at the North solely
upon the ground that it gives to the people of the
Territory the right to legislate for themselves upon
the subject of slavery while in a territorial state.
I declare myself here to be the friend and advo-
cate of that doctrine, and it is because this bill
does not establish this great American principle,
and vindicate this doctrine, that I am opposed to
it in its present shape.
The distinguished gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Phillips,] in his speech upon this subject,
has stated the true reading of this bill, and the
reason why it was made so. I quote his re-
marks :
" Now, it is admitted that a difference of opinion exists
between the different sections of the Confederacy, as to the
period when the right of the people of the Territory to act
upon the subject of the admission or exclusion of sl&very
arises. On the one hand, it is said that this right exists as
soon as the territorial organization takes place; on the other
it is maintained that it is in abeyance until the people pro-
ceed to establish a Stale government."
Again he says:
" The bill refers the question of legislation on the subject
of slavery to the people of the Territories. One side main-
tains that such legislation would not be authorized unlil
the formation of a State government; the other, that it
would be as soon as the territorial government is organized.
J3ut whether the one or the other be correct, depends upon
the Constitution. The bill expressly (though unnecessa-
rily) declares that their legislation shall be 'subject to the
Constiiution of the United States.' And the difference
thus existing as to the appropriate period of legislating on
this subject is left to be decided by the judicial tribunals of
the country,-according to constitutional right, and the sup-
port of the bill involves no compromise or concession by
either side."
The right of popular sovereignty, or the right
of the people to legislate on this vexed question
for themselves, is the thing, the idea in dispute, and
is left by the bill still in doubt, and is referred not
to the people, but to the courts for settlement. In
other woras, " it is the play of Hamlet," with the
character of Hamlet omitted by special request!
The men in my State who are in favor of this
bill, support it upon the ground, and with the
entire belief, that when the Territory is organized,
then is the point of time that the people have a
right to determine that question for themselves.
Now, sir, I wash my hands of any attempt to
deceive them upon this vital point in the bill.
With this amendment voted down, the equivo-
cal language of the bill, and the quoted construction
placed upon it by an able jurist, who hereafter
will contend that this bill gives the right, which is
claimed for it? My constituents shall not be de-
ceived by me. I avow here in my place, that I am
an advocate of the doctrine of popular sovereignty
upon the ground of expediency and the fitness of
things; and when the bill shall be made to conform
to it, it shall have my vote; but unless it does I vote
against it. If we of the North give up the restric-
tion of 1821, give up the Utah and New Mexican
bills, canonized as is their language, by the plighted
faith of the country, expressed in their two great
presidential conventions, what do we get in ex-
change? Why, the chance of a law suit, if the
question shall be raised.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, but I will not
take up the time of the committee by giving my
reasons why I am opposed to it.
Mr. FARLEY. 1 call for the reading of the
amendment.
The amendment was again reported; and the
question being upon its adoption,
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Drum and Grey
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76, noes 91.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to strike out the words "with or
without slavery, as their constitution may pre-
scribe at the time of their admission,11 and insert
the words " without slavery."
After the votes which have been already taken
in the committee upon this portion of the first sec-
tion of the bill, I regret that I cannot anticipate
that gentlemen will receive with favor the amend-
ment I have offered. But I have presented it, in
order that the committee may express themselves
fully upon this subject, that the legislation here
on that part of this section may be sound and
complete.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] pro-
posed an amendment striking out all that portion
of the section referring to the subject of slavery.
That was voted down by the committee.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] came
forward with the declaration in advance tnat he
would vote for the bill if his amendment were
adopted, and moved to give the Territorial Legis-
lature the right to say that slavery shall not exist
within the Territory. The committee refused its
assent to that amendment. Now, sir, the major-
ity of the committee may go one step further, as
they will do, if they vote against my amendment,
ana say that this Territory shall not come into the
Union as a State without slavery!
There are gentlemen on this floor from Missouri
who have been voting against those who oppose
this bill. How did they come here, unless by
virtue of that compromise which makes their land
the land of freedom ? Now, sir, let them come up
to the mark, if they see fit so to do, and say, so
far as it depends on them and their votes, that this
Territory, secured to freedom when Missouri was
admitted as a slave State, shall not itself be re-
ceived into these United States without slavery!
Then the committee will have all the questions
passed upon. They will have decided that Con-
gress ought to say something upon the subject of
slavery. They will have decided that the Terri-
torial Legislature shall not settle and determine
this matter for themselves. And if they now vote
down this amendment, they will decide that the
Territory shall not, without slavery, be' received
as a State.
Mr. Chairman, I hope the committee are not
prepared to say that. There are votes enough on
this floor, more votes than will pass this bill, that
would not have been here, as I believe, except for
the fact that this territory was consecratee to free-
dom. What a return is this for the compromise,
for the concession made in 1820!
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. In the course of
this debate, great emphasis has been laid by the
members from Massachusetts upon the obligatory
force of the Missouri compromise. The gentle-
man, in proposing his amendment now, has laid
great stress on that point. Now, sir, it so hap-
pens that in 1836,upon theadmission of Arkansas,
which was a part of the territory embraced within
that compromise, Massachusetts spoke on this
floor with very great emphasis. I desire to call
the attention of the committee to what one of her
most distinguished men said upon that occasion,
and with the approbation, as the vote shows, of
her entire delegation. This is an extract from
the speech of Mr. Cushing. [Roars of laughter.]
He spoke for his party then, and for Massa-
chusetts too, as the vote shows. So the laugh is
out of place:
" It is demanded of us. Do you seek to impose restric-
tions on Arkansas, in violation of the ootnproinise under
wliwh Missouri was admitted into the Union ? I might
content myself with replying that the State of Massachu-
setts was not a party to that compromise. She never,
directly or indirectly, assented to it. Most of her Repre-
sentatives in Congress voted against it. Those of her Rep-
resentatives who regarded that compromise in the light of
an act of conciliation, important to the general interests of
the Union, and voted for it, were disavowed and denounced
at home, and were stigmatized even here by a southern
member as over-compliant towards the exactmgncss of the
South."
Mr. PECKHAM. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia if he reads from the speech of that
gentleman as the organ of the present Administra-
tion ? [Laughter.] .
Mr. BAYLY. My friend from New York is
too sagacious not to see the point that I am
making; it is to show that at that time a distin-
guished Representative from Massachusetts, sus-
tained by his delegation, thus spoke of the Mis-
souri compromise. I take great pleasure in
saying, further, that I have reason to believe that
the gentleman from whom i have quoted is con-
sistent,and that he thinks to-day, as he thought in
1836, that there is no obligatory force in the Mis-
souri compromise. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. I call for tellers on my amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mayai.l and
Phillips appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to strike out the
nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first lines, and
insert the following:
Provided^ That there shall be neither slavery nor invol-
untary servitude therein, except for punishment of crime.
A few of those who advocated that time-revered
provision of the ordinance of 1787, which ex-
