2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
ed. ff there is no objection, I will make that
proposition, and I doit for the reason that it is im-
portant; it has been so regarded by.both branches
of the committee, that there should be some imme-
diate action in reference to the matter. I ask the
unanimous consent that the bills reported by the
majority and minority be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. BARRY. [ will not object, if it is the
wish of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not give
my consent, unless with the understanding that I
be heard upon the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I certainly shall not ob-
ject to that.
The SPEAKER. It can be only done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I object, if the effect
will be to cut off the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Barky] from finishing his remarks.
The §PEAKER. The Chair thinks it proper
to state here that the minority of a committee have
no right to makean independent report, except by
unanimous consent. The prorier course would
be, when the bill reported by the majority comes
up, for the gentleman from Ohio to offer his as a
substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe it was the un-
derstanding of the House that both bUls should be
reported.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to
know distinctly whether it is the understanding
thatl shall be heard upon these bills?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly it is.
The SPEAKER. The motion to discharge
the committee, and to print the reports and testi-
mony, is first in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 hope the
proposition to act upon these bills at the present
time will not be agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Why,sir, it retires
unanimous consent, and I have objected until my
friend from Mississippi shall have an opportunity
to conclude his remarks. If the gentleman from
Georgia desires also to speak, I shall be happy to
hear him.
Mr. BARRY. I simply desire to say, in an-
swer to the inquiry of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] that the land donated by this
Minnesota bill will amount to about five hundred
and seventy-six thousand acres.
Now, one word in reference to this railroad
company. A prejudice has been created against
them in consequence of a statement which has
been made that the Schuylers are connected with
it. I desire to say, that the Schuylers were con-
nected with the company as it was originally in-
corporated; but since that Ume the company has
been reorganized,and their names are not, m any
way, connected with the corporators, nor do they
own one dollar of the stock.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Will the gentle-
man be good enough to read the names of the
coporators ?
Mr. BARRY. I do not know their names.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 ask the Clerk to read
them. 1 believe their names are in the bill, or the
' report of the committee.
Mr. HARRY. 1 do not think their names are
there.
Mr. JONES. The names of the original cor-
porators are there, are they not?
Mr. BARRY. The names of the original cor-
porators are there, but not those of the present
company.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the names of the origi-
nal corporators may be read.
Mr. DISNEY, i object to the reading.
Mr. HIBBARD. Will.the gentleman allow
me one word ?
Mr. BARRY. Certainly.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not desire to interrupt
the gentleman's remarks, but merely to remind
the House that there are now eight general ap-
propriation bills unfinished and pending between
this House and the Senate. We have agreed to
adjourn to-morrow at noon.
jCries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
now report the names of the corporators of the
Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Company.
The Clerk then read the names, as follows:
Robert Schuyler, William P. Burrall, George L.
Schuyler, Morris Ketchum, Edward Bement, R.
8- Mason, and George W. Billings, of the city of
New York; Erastus Corning, of the city of Al-
bany; John W. Forbes, Curtis B. Raymond, and
John Gardner, of the city of Boston; W. B. S.
Moore, of the city of Bangor, Maine; Frederick
S. Jeaup, of Dubuque, Iowa; Trankim Steele, !
Charles W. Borup, Orange Walker, Alexander ;
Wilkin, Willis A. Gorman, Alexander Ramsey, ,
James Sanson, and J. Travis Rosser, of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota.
Mr. BARRY. Those are the names of the
original corporators. That company is now or-
ganized,and has been since the 1st of July. I do
not know the names of the directors, yet it is tes-
tified that the Schuylers are not of them, and that
they had no stock or connection with the com-
pany as organized.
Mr. PRATT. I will state that William P. Bur-
rell, whose name has been mentioned among others,
is as respectable a gentleman as lives inNewYork, j
or anywhere else, i have nothing to say of the
others.
Mr. BARRY. I hope that the House will take
no action on this subject which will prevent the
reports of the majority and minority of the com- ,
mittee, as well as the accompanying testimony, 1
from being printed. The House cannot act intel-
ligently on this subject until it has examined the
testimony beyond this one point, that they know
that there was a change made in the language of
the bill. We can, without further evidence, pro-
ceed to reinstate the language of the bill as it passed
this body. We cannot go any further than we
have safely, unless we have the reports of the
committee, and the testimony accompanying them,
be printed and examined. 1 hope that no action
will be taken which will in any way tend to pre-
vent the testimony, as presented by the major-
ity and minority of the committee, from being at
once printed. 1 trust that the gentleman will per-
severe in his motion, and that the reports from the
committee be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
I have no objection to the passage of the bill
which has been reported from the committee.
That bill provides that "or" be reinstated for
" and," but I do not think that the alteration re-
ferred to is one of a very material character. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] to whose
report and remarks I have listened attentively,
speaks of a very great fraud having been com-
mitted. I cannot perceive it. The words in the
bill, as it was read when it passed this House, were
" nor shall they inure to the benefit of any com-
pany heretofore constituted or organized." The
word "and" has been substituted for the word
" or," so that it now reads 44 shall not inure to the i
benefit of any company hereafter constituted and
organized." And in this way it read when itpassed
the Senate. Gentlemen seem to consider the word
" constituted" as equivalent to the word " incor-
porated" or chartered. This, in my judgment,
is a radical error. When a charter is granted,
corporators named, the company is not constituted
until the corporators meet,accept the charter, and
form themselves into a body-politic. Until this
be done, no corporate company can be said to be
constituted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Whatever may be the
legal effect of the word, it is very evident, from
the proof, that that company was not organized
until the 1st day of July; and, not being organ-
ized, the insertion of the word "and" would
make the land inure to its benefit.
Mr. STEPHENS. J know nothing about
these outside matters. I know nothing of the or-
ganization of any company which may claim
the benefits of this act. I look at the language of
the law as it passed the House, and how far the
interest of any company or anybody can possibly
be affected by the alteration which has been
made. The gentleman from Ohio speaks of a
company that was not organized until 1st July;
well, it could not have been constituted either; for
constituted and organized in this connection must
mean the same thing; and it does seem to me to
be very immaterial whether we say " constituted -
and organized," or " constituted or organized."
This I say in reply to so much of the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] as rep-
resented a great fraud as having been committed
by the officers of the House, or somebody. It
seems to me that the alteration, under the circum-
stances stated in the report, might have been
deemed immaterial, and made without subjecting
the persons concerned in the least degree to any
imputation of wrong. The committee has exon-
erated all parties.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the parties themselves
regarded it as immaterial, why did they go to the
extent of procuring an erasure and change in an
enrolled bill of this House? The question is this:
If the parties to this transaction regarded this
thing in the light in which you do, as immaterial,
why did they go to the extent of having the word
"or" erased from an enrolled bill of this House,
and inserting in its place the woid " and r"
Mr. STEPHENS. £ do not know that " the
parties'* did it, I know nothing of the parties, or .
any parties.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Somebody did it. Some-
body procured it.
Mr. STEPHENS. From the evidence which
has been read here, 1 understand that a member
upon this floor, who had the bill m charge, moved
this amendment, or verbal alteration, in committee,
which was carried, and he supposed that it was
so read in the House. He may have regarded ft
as a very immaterial matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt that the
gentleman who procuied the alteration to be made
after the bill left the House, may have regarded
itas immaterial; but, on the other hand, I h-*ve
no doubt that the outside influence that sought to
make the erasure did regard it as_ material.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am not speaking of out-
side influences, for I know nothing about them.
The gentleman speaks of "parties," but Ido not
think that we should consider the position* of any
" parties" who may claim benefits under the act.
I look to the record before us. On and from that
I speak when I say that the alteration seems
to me to be verbal and immaterial. If I were to
go beyond this record, and speak of what I hear
outside, I am inclined to think that the whole of
this affair has been got up by some parties out-
side of this House, and wnose object is to break
down this bill and get the land hereafter them-
selves.
Mr. CAMPBELL. A committee was ap-
pointed to investigate all the facts and circum-
stances connected with this matter; and they have
done it laboriously and to the best of their ability,
in the short time they have had.
Mr. STEPHENS, What does the report state
above any outside influences ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is expressly stated in
one of the reports that Mr. Billings, one of the
corporators under the charter granted by the
Minnesota Territory, was here before the bill went
to the Committee on Public Lands seeking to get
it couched in such a manner as to carry the grant
to that particular company, and in such terms as
to give no power over the grant to future Legis-
latures.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, there is no evi-
dence that I have heard that he succeeded in his
wishes. I know nothing about him, however, or
any other members of that or any other company
which wishes an interest in the grant. But my
object in rising was to call the attention of the
House to the character of the alteration which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] calls a
" great fraud."
The gentleman argued as if " constituted" was
the same thing as "incorporated." And, inas-
much as a particular company had been incorpo-
rated, but not "organized" at the time the bill
passed, he argued that the alteration was made
for their benefit. If constituted be equivalent to
incorporated in this connection, then "or organ-
ized," in the original draft of the bill, was nothing
but sheer nonsense. The words are " any com-
pany heretofore constituted or organized." The^
use of the words " or organized" here must have"
been resorted to for the purpose of being more
explicit in the meaning of " constituted," and not
for the purpose of designating another class; for
suppose it had read "any .company heretofore
incorporated or organized, who does not see that
with this reading " or organized" is perfect non-
sense? No company could have been organized
before it had been incorporated. And if" consti-
tuted" means in this bill "chartered" or " incor-
porated," then "or organized" makes like non-
sense. But read, as I suppose the draughtsman
meant it should be, it makes good sense.
I make these observations, Mr. Speaker, to
