530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
committee. I presume this bill has been put by
the Committee on Agriculture in such a shape as
to meet the views of its friends as nearly as it can
be made to do so. I do not know that 1 shall
vote for the bill. I expect to vote against it, as I
have done against a similar bill at former sessions.
But, nevertheless, it has been made the special
order, and the committee cannot get it out of the
way except by reporting it to the House. I
would therefore suggest to gentlemen, as these
attempts to amend it will probably not end in
much, as we have consumed a great deal of time
on the bi!l already, and as there is important busi-
ness pressing, that, by general consent, we let it
be reported to the House in the form which its
friends desire, and vote upon it there without fur-
ther delay. While I expect to vote against the
bill, I think it useless to be throwing in its way
these little obstacles, thus consuming a great deal
of time when the deficiency bill and other import-
ant measures are pressing upon us for action. I
trust that, by common consent, we shall let the
bill be read through and reported to the House as
it now stands, and then we shall all have an op-
portunity to record our votes as we like.
Mr. LILLY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following :
Provided, That no patent shall issue to any person who
is not a citizen of the United Slates.
My object is to prevent any person coming
here 
Mr. DAWSON. That amendment is not all
necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from New Jersey, that what he pro-
poses i* provided in another section of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, it is not.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir, it is. The sixth sec-
tion of the bill provides that the foreigners enjoy-
ing the benefits of the bill shall have become citi-
zens before the issuance of the patents.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Read the sixth section.
Mr. JONES. I hope gentlemen will not throw
everything into the first section of the bill. There
are other sections, if gentlemen will only read them
before they offer amendments, which are not ne-
cessary.
Mr. LILLY. I insist on the amendment being
made to this section. The object of it is, to pre-
vent persons coming here, declaring an intention
to become citizens, taking the land under this bill,
and then not completing their naturalization at all.
I know a great many foreigners in my part of the
country who would be perfectly willing to declare |
an intention to become citizens for the purpose of
obtaining the lands, but who would never become
citizens of the United States; and not being citi-
zens, they could never be called on to defend their
country, to act as jurors, or to perform any of the
other duties of citizenship. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire only to say,
that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
is wrong in supposing this amendment to be unne-
cessary.
Mr. HENN. I call the gentleman to order,!
Mr. JONES. The gentleman is not opposing
the amendment. I want to speak in opposition
to it.
Mr. DEAN So do I.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not in order in speaking in favor of the
amendment.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I certainly do not want
to speak in opposition to it.
Mr. WENTWORTIi, of Illinois. 1 want to
speak against it.
Mr. JONES. I wish the gentleman from Illi-
nois would just read the sixth section of the hill,
which relates entirely to this very point.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 am opposed to the
amendment, first, and above all, because I want the
bill to pass, and because, having been for a long
time a member of this House, I have seen the bill
introduced here and killed by its own friends. If
the enemies of this bill wii! keep their seats and
say nothing, its friends will kill it themselves.
They always have done it; and if they did not do
it, they would have no Buncombe measure to run
to Congress upon. [A laugh.] Sir, I have heard
this cry of " Land for the Landless" and " Homes
for the Homeless." Though I have never raised
it myself, yet I have been prepared to act on the
measure. I am now prepared to act, and I shall
manifest my love for " homes for the homeless "
and "land for the landless" by going without
my dinner this day and sitting here and holding
my tongue until the bill passes. Who can make
a better Buncombe speech than that ? [Laughter.]
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment,
it was also disagreed to:
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I move to in-
sert in the fourth line, after the words " United
States," "not being the owner of land/' It is
claimed that this is a bill for the relief of the land-
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all.
Mr. PERKINS. If it be not designed for the
benefit of the poor, and those who are not possessed
of land, but to add to the wealth of those who are
already landholders, I am opposed to the bill. As
it stands, it allows every person who owns a farm,
or lot of land, in the States where the public lands
lie, to take one hundred and sixty acres. If the
provisions of the bill had'only for their purpose
the donating to the poor the land indicated, and
affording them an opportunity to become their
own employers, I would support them; but if, on
the contrary, they are to enable persons of the
western States, who have land, to come in and
take another portion adjacent, to the exclusion of
the eastern States, I would not.
The men in the eastern States do not want to
take this land, except for speculation. If the man
at the East be a property holder he cannot leave
it and settle in the West; but the western man
can go and live on the land adjoining to that which
he owns, or put one of his sons upon it, thus
making an occupancy of it. This is no equality
at all. If the provisions of the bill be confined to
those who are poor, and cannot be their own em-
ployee, they will be very different from what
they ai e now.
Mr. HENN". I am opposed to theamendment,
and ask for a vote on it.
Mr. BISSELL. Is it in order to offer a substi-
tute ? I have one which I desire to submit.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to do so.
Mr. BISSELL. I propose, then, to amend the
amendment by inserting before the word "land"
the words "one hundred and sixty acres of," so
that it will read " not being the owner of one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land."
The amendment which I originally intended
requires the applicant for the land to file an affi-
davit that he is not the owner of one hundred and
sixty acres of land.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Perkins] proposes to insert the words
fi not being an owner of land," and the gentleman
from Illinois proposes to amend by inserting the
words " not being an owner of one hundred and,
sixty acres of land."
Mr. BISSELL. It takes a hundred and sixty
| acres, according to our notion in the West, to make
j a good farm; m other words, it takes that quan-
! tity of land to make a homestead, and that is the
i great idea conveyed by this bill. Now, I think
I there is a great deal of reason and good sense in
j what the gentleman from New York [Mr. Per-
' kins] says; and there is butone thing which leads
me to doubt of its propriety, and that is the opin-
ion expressed by gentlemen on this floor, in whom
I have great confidence, adverse to this proposi-
tion.
Sir, this bill has been heralded to the country,
or, at least, one similar to it, for two, three, four,
and five years, as a bill to provide the homeless
with homes, to secure land to the landless; and
the arguments used in favor of it, and which at-
tach the country so strongly to the measure,
were, that it would attach men to the country;
that it would create a sense of independence—a
desire in men to be the owners of their own
homes; that it would attach them to the Govern- ,
ment, and make them feel themselves really apart;
of the Government. Do any of these arguments i
apply to the man who has already his finely-cul- J
tivated farm of a hundred and sixty acres? Most 1
assuredly not? You do not provide homesteads !
in the proper sense of the word for such men.
They have already their homesteads. The title
of the bill ought to be changed soastoread "land
for those who have plenty of land already; a farm
for him who has a dozen of farms now; another
home for him who has a home."
I am in favor, most sincerely, of the principles
of this bill. 1 would not do anything to defeat
or impede its passage. It is a bill which will
benefit the people among whom I live greatly in-
deed. But I think its effects are extended too far
in that respect. 1 know that gentlemen say " you
cannot make that discrimination," Why, you
do make that discrimination by this bill now just
as effectually as if you had done it by positive
words in the act itself. You would necessarily
exclude from its provisions all those who are not
agriculturists, or who are not prepared to become
agriculturists. Therefore the bill, at best, is par-
tial. It must be so. But then I go upon the
principle that in this matter, as is so often the
case in other matters,
" AH partial evil's universal good."
But, sir, the idea of bamboozling the country
with the assurance that the bill provides homes
for those who have none—and which principle is
in conformity with the suggestions of nature, and
according to the law of God, as interpreted very
correctly, I think, by the gentleman from New
York, over the way, [Mr. Smith]—is utterly ab-
surd. With such arguments, and under the pre-
tensions of accomplishing such objects—to pro-
vide for the unfortunate homes, and so forth—
under such pretenses, I say, to provide land for
him who has already twenty thousand acres in
Illinois, and who has not yet determined on what
tract to make his house—to provide an additional
hundred and sixty acres for him who has another
hundred and sixty—seemsiri contruveision to the
principles on which I have supported and admired
bills of this sort.
At the last session of Congress a bill with sim-
ilar objects as this passed the House It ex-
cluded from the participation of its benefits those
who had a hundred and sixty acres of land. Who
ever heard a voice raised in the country against
this bill ? What newspaper, or what part of the
people, made any complaint that it excluded those
who are already landowners ? In what part of
the country was dissatisfaction with the provision
of the bill, or with the bill itself, manifested ?
Nowhere. And the people tire nowexpectingand
prepared to receive a bill of a similar kird. Yet
without any manifestation from the people that
this bill should be changed, without receiving a
memorial on the subject from any part of the
country, a bill has been introduced, embracing—
as well as the poor, the homeless, the houseless,
the landless—the richest landowner in the whole
country.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the amendment to the amendment, because, sir, it
is in direct conflict with one of my chief political
tenets. It proposes to make a discrimination be-
tween citizens of this country. I arn not one of
those who come here to advocate, nor do I else-
where advocate, the peculiar rights of the poor by
giving them bounties. But, sir, I do here and
elsewhere oppose all propositions which seem to
me to be calculated or intended to make distinc-
tions or to legislate for a class. I am not an ad-
vocate for poor man's laws other than to prevent
cormorant wealth from devouring them; but I am
an advocate for equal laws, such as wiil inure to
the benefit of the poor man and the rich man alike.
I do not support this bill upon the ground that
it will give homes and houses to the houseless and
the landless; but I suppoit it as a sheer art of jus-
tice to the pioneer who penetrates the wilderness,
and settles the wild lands of our country. I am
.convinced, sir, from the little experience I have
upon the subject, that the earlier and the first set-
tlers of a new country, though you give them a
quarter section of land, pay dearer for it, in the
hardships, privations, and toils incident to such
settlements, than those who come afterwards with
pockets full of gold, and take up these lands and
pay fifty or a hundred dollars for them. I vote
for it because it is equal to American citizens who
think proper to avail themselves of its privileges.
A woid as to the constitutional question. Your
$1 25 per acre fixed by Congress is as arbitrary a
price as if you had said onh' one mill; and I ask
my particular friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] who is so opposed to this bill for want of
conformity to the Constitution—nf\y, I appeal to
all my friends from Virginia—to tell me what be-
came of their constitutional scruples when they
voted for the act of September 28, 1850, to give
