mo
THte CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBlL
May 22,
eludes slavery from the Territories of the United
States, have survived to make their voices heard
in this Hall. I am one of them—one of the
spared monuments!
I came here to-day to assert the right of Con-
gress to exclude slavery and involuntary servitude,
except to punish crime, from this Territory, and
all the Territories belonging to the American
people. It is a power that has been recognized
and exercised by every Administration of this Gov-
ernment from its organization until tfce present
time. It is a power that has been acknowledged
by statesmen whose memories we hold near and
dear. Mr. Webster asserted it. Mr. Clay as-
serted it. Other great men of all parties asserted
it.
I need not say that the amendment I have offered
is in the language of that God-like provision
penned by the immortal Jefferson. Gentlemen
may sneer as much as they please, and as they
have done to-day, about the proviso having been
discarded; but let me tell them thfat-there is a spirit
abroad in this free land which >will soon rear aloft
a standard upon which this very principle will be
inscribed, if you dare, with ruthless hand, to-day,
destroy the compromise of 1820. I came here,
sir, to practice no deceit, no fraud upon the Rep-
resentatives of the people. I think I may be per-
mitted to say, that, so far as I have participated in
this struggle, I have deceived no man from the
North, the South, the Easr, or the West. My
opposition has been as frank and open as it has
been unceasing and determined.
I desire to say now, to each and to every mem-
ber, if this bill passes, that for one I shall return
to my constituents, not as i have done heretofore,
with a-view of pursuing a conciliatory course in
relation to the institution and evils of slavery, but
I will, so far as I have the power, wage an unre-
lenting and ceaseless war against it to the furthest
limits of the Constitution.
A Voice. You go to the bitter end. ■
Mr. CAMPBELL. Ay, to the bitter end. I
will violate no provision of the Constitution which
I have sworn to support; but 1 will, in my humble
sphere, raise the siandard of no admission into
the Union of any State from this territory, secured
to freedom, as it was, by the patriotic compromise
of lfMO, or from any other now held or hereafter
acquired, which shall not contain in its constitu-
tion an unequivocal provision excluding human
slavery; the repeal of 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRESTON. I'am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio. I
announce that fact, and desire a vote upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (at two o'clock
and fifty minutes, p. m.) Mr. Chairman. I rrfbve
that the committee do now rise. We have been
' already here six hours.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers.
, Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn
of Maine, and Taylor of New York, appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 91.
So the committee refused to rise.
Tellers were then ordered upon the amendment
of Mr. Campbell; and Messrs. Bocock and Ben-
nett appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty; not a majority of a quorum.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. We have had a pretty
long session. I therefore move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
[Mr. Olds] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally
underconsideration, and more particularly House
bill No. 236, to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motioij was
agreed to.
The House accordingly, at threeo'clock, p. m.,
adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 22, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milborn.
Oh Thou, the high and mighty Ruler, of the
universe, devoutly we implore thy blessing to rest
upon this House, again about to enter upon one
of the most arduous and memorable struggles the
country has ever known. Help every member to
keep cool, calm, and self-possessed, remembering
that the angry man gives his adversary the ad-'
vantage, and the enraged party compromises its
truest interests. Assist every man to cooperate
with the Speaker and Chairman in preserving
ordef, recollecting that the eyes of the country
are fixed upon this House, and that the deep inter-
ests of the country are involved in the deliberations
of this Congress. May every man dare to do his
duty, and abide the issues of his conscious con-
victions, we pray, through Jesus Christ.
Tl>e Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN RIVERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department,transmitting
a report of the Colonel of the Corps of Topograph-
ical Engineers, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 4th ultimo,
" that the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House the inspection report of
Colonel S. H. Long, of December 20, 1853, and
such other communication as may have been made
by him in reference to the improvements of west-
ern rivers, since the passage of the act of August
30, 1852; and alsoacopyof Lieutenant Warren's
report of the operations on the Des Moines and
Rock River rapids in the Mississippi river, to-
gether with any maps, charts, or diagrams of sur-
vey made by the last named officer during the
past year."
The report included all the papers called for,
with the exception of Lieutenant Warren's report,
which was not yet prepared.
On motion by Mr. HENN, it*was
Ordered, That the communication he referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce, and be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of States for resolutions, beginning with
the Territory of New Mexico.
POSTAL SERVICES FOR CALIFORNIA, ETC. ,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads a bill, for the
purpose of having it printed, i t is important that
the bill should be acted upon before the next
mail leaves for California.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the bill be read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read by its
title.
The bill was accordingly reported, as follows:
A bill making provisions for the postal services
for the State of California, and in the Territories
of Oregon and Washington,
Mr- HAMILTON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from California what disposition he
proposes to make of the bill?
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I desire to haveit printed,
and action upon it postponed.
Mr. HAMILTON. That will not do.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
bill will be received.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the Chair allow an
inquiry ? If this bill is introduced, and consider-
tion of it postponed, it will come up in the morn-
ing hour of business, and it will preclude the
report of bills from other committees. I have no
objection to the printing of the bill, if the bill
shall remain in the possession of the committee
which reported it. if it shall not remain there, I
object-to its being received.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am perfectly satisfied to
have the bill printed, and that it shall remain in
my possession.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair may be allowed
a suggestion, he will say that the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, from which this
report is made, will be the first committee to be
' called when committees are again called for reports.
No objection being made, the bill was received,
read a second time, and ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS OF CONNECTICUT.
Mr. PRATT, I ask the unanimous consent of
the. House to submit joint resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Connecticut, i n reference
to the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, in
order that they may be laid upon the table, and
printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE—NEBRASKA.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion, and ask the unanimous consent of the House
that it may be read for information.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish this
House wall copies of all documents and correspondence in
his possession or under his control in gelation to the alleged
aggressions of the authorities of the Kingdom of Greece—
or of the authorities of Athene, in that kingdom—upon the
rights of Dr. King, formerly the American Consul; am! of
alt communications from Athens or elsewhere in relation
thereto.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I move to suspend
the rule, to enable me to introduce it.
The SPEAKER. That proposition brings up
a question of order presented by the Chair the
other day, but not acted upon by the House. It
is in this form: The gentleman from Illinois moved
to suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
Gommitteeof the Whole on the state of the Union.
The rule declares that that motion shall be in order
at any time, in the following language:
" The House may, at any time, by a vote of the majority
of the members present, suspend the rules and orders for
the purpose ot going into the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union ; and also for providing for
the discharge of the Committee of the Whole House, and
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, from the further consideration of any b>U referred
to it, after acting without debate on all amendments pend-
ing, and that may be offered."
Formerly the rules of the House permitted the
rules to be suspended upon any day in the week.
The inconvenience of the permission of that mo-
tion so often, however, induced the House to
change that rule in reference to a suspension of
the rules, restricting the right to make that motion
to Mondays.
Upon an original proposition upon the laws of
Congress, the Chair would decide,as he indicated
the other day, in favor of the precedence of the
motion to suspend the rules generally. Upon
looking to the subject, however, the Chair finds
that such lifts not been the practice in this body,
and he is not disposed to change that practice.
He is very well satisfied of the inconvenience
•which would result in carrying out what he con-
siders the proper construction of the rule, and he
is therefore disposed to adhere, and does adhere,
to the practice of the House heretofore, and will
hereafter put the motion to suspend the rules to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, or that to suspend, in the order in
which they are made—first made, first put. The
Chair, therefore, entertains the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 105, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Ashe,
David J. Bailev, Tho* H Bayly,Barksdale, Bocock, Bnyce,
Breckinridge, Bridges, Caiuthers, Caskie, Chastain, Chris-
man, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Cox, L'raige,
Jno.G. Davis, Dawson, Drum, Dunbai, Dunham Edmund-
son, English, Faulkner, Floience, Fuller, Gamble, Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Hillver,
Houston, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Ro-
land Jones, Kerr, Kidwell. Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Letcher, Lilly, Maedonald.McDougali,McNair,Maxwell,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Phillips Powell, Pratt, Preston, Pur-
year, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Rob-
Inns, Rogers, Ruflin, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Georgp W. Smyth, Frederick P, Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens,
Sfraub, John J. Taylor,Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B.
Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Edgerton, Thomas
D. JEltot, Ellison, Ethendge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler,
