1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
Giddinpf--, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hieater,
Howe, Hughes, Hunt, DanietT. Jones, Kiuredge, Knox,
Litidsley, .Lyon, Matteson, MayaH, MeacJham, Middles-
warth, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
Pennington, John Perkins, Prinze, David Ritchie, Russell,
Sabm, Sige, Sapp, Simmons, Skeltou, Stratum, Andrew
Stuart, J.oim. L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tlnirston,
Tracy, Upham, Wade, "VVaUey,EUjJiuB. Washbuine, Isra-
el Wasliuurn, Wells, John W'entworth, and Wheeler—70.
Su the motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDDY, pending th? call of the roll, when
his name was called, stated that his colleague,
Judge Chamberlain, had been called home, and
had requested him to pairoff upon all minor mo-
tions in reference to the Nebraska bill. The under-
standing, however, did not extend to the final vote
upon the passage of the bill.
The House accordingly resolv.ed itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
TheC HAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on Saturday last, it had under consideration the
bill of the House (No. 236) to organize the Ter-
ritories.of Kansas and Nebraska, to which a mo-
tion was pending, offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,] to substitute for it the bill
which passed this House during the Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress. - .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a priv-
ileged motion. I move to strike out the enacting
words of this bill. I will state to the committee,
and I want the attention of the committee to my
object in making that motion, it is to cut of all
amendments, and to have this bill reported to the
House, that we may have a vote upon it.
The 119th rule of this House is m these words:
" A motion to strikeout the enacting words of a bill shall
have precedence of a motion to amend; and, if carried, it
shall be considered equivalent to its rejection."
Let this committee agree to my motion, and
let this action be reported to the House. When
we get into the House, the question will be upoi}
agreeing to that report. If the friends of the bill
vote that motion down, we shall then have the
bill before the House to vote upon or to amend,
as a majority may determine. When the majority
has disagreed to the report, as I suppose they
will, it will the'n be in order for the chairman of
the Committee on Territories to offer his substi-
tute, which all of us want to vote upon, as an
amendment; the friends of the bill standing To-
gether, will then be brought to vote directly upon
the measure, and in this way we shall get rid of
these continued motions to amend.
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion because it
is time that this measure was brought to a final
vote. It has been under consideration before Con-
gress for the last five months. It has .been dis-
cussed in the Senate; it has been discussed in this
House; it has been discussed before the country,
and every man, I doubt not, has made up his mind
upon the subject. Why should we longer delay?
We have already had motions to amend upon the
most important features of the bill. One motion
has been made to strike out that provision for
the admission of these Territories as States, with
or without slavery, as their constitutions may di-
rect. We have had votes upon the amendments of-
fered by the gentleman from Indiana,- [Mr. Mace,]
and the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Duller,]
touching the powers or rights of the people in
the Territories to restrict or regulate slavery.
These amendments have been voted on; the sense
of the committee has been taken on them; the
friends of the bill, as it stands in the substitute,
know that it now, as they intend.to pass it, grants
to the people of the Territories ali the poweisover
this subject of slavery that we can grant them
under the Constitution of the United States. The
phraseology now is as full and clear as it can be
made on this point. No amendment can make it
clearer. In the bill they have all the power that
they can have under the Constitution. They can-
not ask more, and if they did, we could not grant
it.
It is time, therefore, to have a decision of the
question. Every gentleman on this floor has had
an opportunity of being heard upon it by a speech
to be published in the Congressional Globe, if he
wishes. Let us, then, vote on the. measure, and
go to other important business of the country.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman's motion is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia is in
order, under the 119th rule, which has just been
read.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Hear me on the question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable. ,
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not expect that it is
debatable. I would only inquire whether it is
in order, while w'e are considering the first section
of the bill, and after amendments have been sub-
mitted and acted on, to move to strike out the
enacting clause ?
The CHAIRlMAN. The 119th rule'was ex-
pressly adopted for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. The motion cuts off all
amendments under the rule. When interrupted by
the question of order, 1 was just' remarking that
we had motions to amend 
Mr. DRUM. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. DRUM. No, sir; I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia a question. Is it contem-
plated by the majority, after the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
has been put upon the bill, to call for the previous
question ?
Mr. STEPHENS. It is. The object is to
bring the House directly to a vote on the substi-
tute. That is the object of my motion; and it is
the object of the friends of the bill that we should
have a vote upon the subject immediately, and
then go to the other business of the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 presume, Mr. Chair-
man, that this is one of those motions for amend-
ment—and going, as it does, to the decision of the
whole matter—on which we can be allowed five
minutes for its defense and five minutes for its
opposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has five
minutes in which he may oppose the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not rise to argue the
point, but only to express my regret at this
wicked 
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his question of order.
Mr. DEAN. My point of order is this: We
have a motion pending made by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to strike out the
enacting clause and to insert a substitute; and I
insist that, while that is pending, no other motion
to strike out is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ORR. The motion of the gentleman from
Illinois is to strike out all after the" enacting clause,
and to insert a substitute.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise solemnly to protest
against this extra gag which is applied to the pas-
sage of this bill, and to say that while it is possi-
ble a majority may thus ride rough-shod 
Mr. PRESTON. I dislike to rise to a question
of order; but it strikes me the motion is not de-
batable.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor for five minutes, in opposition to the
motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am satisfied that any
member of this majority dislikes to rise to a ques-
tion o# order. It must be painful to them to start
a question of that kind here, whatever ruling may
be made on their motion of order.
The minority has stood before this House on
the Constitution of the country, and on th,e rules
which this House solemnly adopted for its regu-
lation; and while we have stood up manfully and
constitutionally against the efforts of those who
have proved a growing majority, while they Jiave
read day after day in the papers that are the
organs of this Administration,^not merely invita-
tions to come over against us, but indications why
they were losing their influence in the Executive
Department;* and while we have thus seen our-
selves threatened, if not wasted by these insidi-
ous attacks, we of the minority have not resorted
to any mode for defeating this bill that is not rec-
ognized in the Constitution of the country, and
not warranted by the rules of this House.
If I could once see that effort made; if I could
once see that party to which I am attached, quietly
and moderately attached—for this is the first time
I have occupied the floor since this measure has
been under afctive consideration in the House—if
I could-see the rampart of order once asserted——•
Mr. ORR. Does my friend from Pennsylvania
say .that this motion is " not in strict conformity
with the rules?"
[Loud cries of" Order!" and great excitement.]
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman yields rcfe the floor,
I have a-ri^ht to'ask-the questionV
[Renewfed and <vocifer6us eries of "Order!"]
Mr. CHANDLER. I am satisfied that the*
motion now made is "one which was 'nM'cOntem-
plated by those who drew up those rules; nor was
it, I hope, contemplated' by, thos£ who drove'us
from the regular debate in the committee, and told
us to take shelter under the five-minute debate.
They drove, us to that,.that they might drive us~
from it by this decision. And was not this House
last week-—I appeal to the whole House—driven •
from its ordinary action by the decision' of the
House overruling the righteous decision of the-
Chair ? I appeal to the House"wbether that was
not the case? Every one knows that it was.
Mr. WASHBURN; of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is this: that it is not in order to
move to strike out the exacting, clause of the bill
while the Houseis in the Committee of the Whole,
but that the motion can only be madein the House,
and I ask that the note to the ] 19th rule may be
read, from which it will appear that the practice
of this House has been directly contrary to that
now proposed by the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.].
[Cries of " Order!"]
The Clerk read the note to the rule, Which id as
follows:
"The Manual states, that if a committee be opposed to
the whole paper or bill, and think it cannot be made good
by amendment, the committee cannot reject it, but must
report it bs^ck to the House without amendment, and there
iriak'e tlieir opposition. In 1814, a Committee of the Whole
siruek out thetirst and only section of a bill, and so reported
to the House. Mr. Speaker Uhcves refused to receive the
report, on the ground that it was tantamount to a rejection
of the bill,wlneh the committee had not power to do. After
this, that the merit of questions might'be tested in Com-
mittee of the Whole, rule 119 was adopted. The Manual
provides that a paragraph or section may be first amended
by its friends, so as to make it as perfect as tiiey can before
tile question is put for sinking it out. By this rule, (i. e.,
rule 119,) it is expressly established that a motion to strike
out, for the purpose of destroying, shall be paramount to a
motion to amend. Itule 139 provides that the Manual shall
govern in cases in which it is applicable, where it is not
inconsistent with established rules. Ill tire case, then, of
giving precedence to motions to insert or to arnpnd, over'
motions to strike out or reject; it is clearly inconsistent with
an established rule; and, consequently, the practice of the
House for the last few years has been in violation of the
119tli rule."
Mr. WASHBURN. I supposed that the Chair
would rule my point out of order, but I desired to
have that note read to show what the uniform
practice of the House for many years has been;
and if the Chair and committee will now reverse
that practice 
[Loud cries of " Order! " and " Question !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides this
question in accordance with the note which has
been read. That note expressly states, that when
Mr. Speaker Cheves had decided that the com-
mittee could not strike out the first and only sec-
tion of a bill, this 119th rule was adopted to amend
that defection in the parliamentary law; and the
same note states expressly that the practice of the
House has been in violation of the 119th rule.
[Loud cries of " Question !"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand that there is an appeal taken from his de-
cision? .. - it
Mr. WASHBURN. I did not take an appeal.
I only wanted to show what the practice of the
House has been, and the construction uniformly
given to the rule referred to, and to denounce be-
fore the House and the country this most flagrant
attempt ever made in this country to trample on
the constitutional rights of a minority of the Rep-
resentatives, and majority of the people.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers on the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish to state to the country,
and to the members of the House with whom I
have been acting up to this time, that I desire to
introduce an amendment to this bill. I feel it due
to myself to state 
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
committee that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Rogers] should be heard?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
