1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
bounty lands to soldiers who had rendered services
forty and sixty years before, and had been settled
with and paid off, and who had not one iota of
claim against the Government? You gave them
a gratuity under the act of September, 1850, and
I find, upon consulting the records, that twelve
members from Virginia recorded their votes in
favor of that bill. They also voted in favor of the
swamp land bill. That was as much a aAtuitjr,
as purely a gratuity, as is proposed by this bill.
And, sir, there has been more land appropriated
under that bounty land bill than there will be
under this bill, if you pass it, for the next ten or
fifteen years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the friends of the bill
will not vote for the motion.
The question was then taken; and, a division
being had, there were—ayes 62, noes 59.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers, which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Dawson and Westbrook
were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes not counted.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and, by special order, House
bill No. 37, commonly known as the homestead
bill, but had come to no resolution thereo'n.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the House then
adjourned till to-monow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 3, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION".
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to present a report of
the Secretary of the Jnteiior, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 5th January last, re-
questing a statement of the amount of money
received and expended by Luther Blake, late agent
for the removal of the Indians from Florida, as
such agent, with the objects for which it was ex-
pended, and the number of Indians removed by
him.
The report was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
PETER PONCIN.
Mr. PETT1T. This being private bill day, I
have a number of little bills tfiat hang on me and
their friends like an incubus, which 1 would like
to have taken up and considered. They are plain
matters, which will lead to no debate. I suppose
we shall go on with private business until one
o'clock. I hope that we may have an hour, if
necessary, to pass private bills before we take up
the Nebraska bill. I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
authorizing a patent to be issued to Peter Poncin
for certain lands therein named. Its passage is
recommended in the strongest and most positive
terms by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and no objection can be made to it. It re-
lates to a small tract of land in Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to direct the entry by Peter Poncin
of the north half of the southeast quarter, and the
south half of the northeast quarter, of section
thuty-six, in township twenty-nine, range twenty-
three, in the Stillwater land district, Minnesota,
and canceled by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, to be allowed and reinstated, so that
the title may inure to the benefit of his grantees,
as far as he may have conveyed it, with the pro-
viso, however, that the money paid shall not be
withdrawn, or if withdrawn, shall be again paid
to the Land Office, and that thereupon a patent
shall issue in his name. It also authorises the
Superintendent of Public Schools in Minnesota to
select other lands, in lieu of those m section thirty-
six. as far as they may have been granted or sold.
Mr. PETTIT. There is a printed report ac-
companying the bill, but there can be no necessity
for reading it.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time, and passed.
CONRAD WHEAT. JR.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, there is one
more bill which I ask the Senate to consider, and
which will take no longer time than the otherdid.
If it be passed, I shall be rid of a good deal of
trouble. I move that the Senate take up the bill
(( for the relief of Conrad Wheat, jr., or his legal
representatives." It is recommended bytheCom-
missioner of the General Land Office, and is ac-
companied by a printed report, which any gentle-
man can have read, if he desires.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the W hole.
It proposes to confirm to Conrad Wheat, jr.,
the location of six bundled and forty acres of land
described as survey No. 2453, in township forty-
four north, of ranges five and six east of the prin-
cipal meridian in the State of Missouri, made by
him on the 22d of October, 1816, under a certificate
of location No. 113, issued on the 12th of August,
1816, by the recorder of land titles.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
SAMUEL PRIOLEAU.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, as there seems
to be a little leisure in the Senate this morning, I
ask them to take up the bill " for the relief of the
legal representatives of Samuel Pnoleau," which
was reported from theCommitteeon Revolutionary
Claims. I think it will not meet with any objec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to pay to Mr. Prioleau's legal representatives
the sum of $6,928 60, being in full compensation
for property taken from him at Charleston for the
use of the United States, during the revolutionary
war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION OF RULE.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution, of which he gave notice yesterday:
Resolved, That the resolution aligning pvety Friday for
the consideration ot private bills be. r-u^pendrd for this day.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I do not intend
to ask the senseof the Senate upon this resolution;
but inasmuch as I said something a short time ago
respecting it, I beg leave merely to say now, that
I do not wish to be understood as giving my as-
sent to this proposition. The only reason which
I desire to assign for this course, is, that so long
as the Government of the United States refuses to
establish any other tribunal, or to pass any law
by which private claims can be adjusted otherwise
than bv Congress, I cannot, with my views of
propriety, refuse to appropriate one day in a week
to adjust and settle them; and but for the fact
that the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] de-
sires to address the Senate to-day, he having the
floor awarded to him upon the Nebraska bill, I
should feel constrained, for the reason which 1
have assigned, to ask for the sense of the Senate
upon it; as it is, 1 only wished to express my
views against the proposition.
The resolution was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of New Sharon, Maine, protesting against
the admission of slavery into the Territories now
or at any future time; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FOOT presented a remonstrance of one
hundred and twenty citizens of Stowe, Vermont,
against the passage of the Nebraska bill in its pres-
ent form; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting held
at Burlington, Vermont, in opposition to the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill in its present form; \\ inch
; were ordered to lie on the tabie.
j Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of An-
| drew Boileau, one of the relatives and legal repre-
sentatives of Lieutenant Pierre Boileau, a revolu-
tionaiy officer, praying for commutation under
the resolves of Congress of October 21, 1780, and
March 28, 1783; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Sandwich, Massachusetts, praying that buoys
may be placed at certain places in the New Bed-
ford collection district; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of the
Bo wdoin Quarterly Meeting of Free-will Baptists,
held at Topsham, Maine, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill to organize the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas without a prohibition of
slavery therein; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of A. W. Bowman, an officer of the Army, pray-
ing compensation for performing duties of an ex-
traordinary character, and out of the line of his
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of A. J.
M. Smith and others, remonstrating against the
extension of the area of slavery; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, four petitions of citizens of Ontario
county, New York, remonstrating against an in-
fringement of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, four petitions of citizens of Orleans
county, New York, remonstrating against the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, and against the
extension of slavery into the Territories of the
United States; which were ordered to lie. on the
table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill grant-
ing to the States of Indiana and Illinois a portion
of the public lands to aid in the construction of the
Indiana and Illinois Central railway, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of J. K. Cooke, praying remuneration for loss of
time and expenses incurred under an appointment
of the President as Consul of the United States at
Xebara, in the Island of Cuba, the Governor Gen-
eral of that island having refused to recognize him
as such, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska
was read a third time.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, "Shall
the bill puss?"
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee has been kind enough to allow me to oc-
cupy the floor for a moment. I was not here last
niaht when the vote was taken upon the engross-
ment of the bill. I desire to record my vote in
favor of its final passage; and therefore L will ask
the Senate to indulge me in ordering the yeas and
navs upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I deem it due to Senators to
state that I announced last night, before we pro-
ceeded to the vote, that several of our fiiends,
from indisposition, had been compelled to leave the
Senate, under the impression that the vote would
not be taken, and consequently that I should re-
gard the test question as being on the passage of
the bill, rather than on the engrossment.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator mentioned
to me last night that he had no idea that the vote
would then be taken on the engrossment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. For that reason I thought it
proper to make the statement which I have men-
tioned.
Mr. CASS. I wish to express mygratification
at the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger.] and my thanks to him for it. Although
it is an act of justice which I believe almost every
Senator from the South who had touched upon
tile subject agreed to, it is no less an act of con-
ciliation which will be very acceptable to the
North, and remove many objections to the bill,
and I trust it will be an example to be followed
heieafter. 1 believe myself that the passage of
this bill with that provision will close the fountain
of the bitter wateis of agitation. Having said this,
