124-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to say only one word.
T feel it due to myself, entertaining the views 1
do, and knowing the wishes of my constituents,
to say that I desire to introduce the amendment
offered by Mr. Clayton in the Senate, and incor-
porated in the Senate bill!
Mr. PRESTON. 1 object.
Mr. ROGERS. I have stated all I can say
now under the rules, and I will trouble the House
no further.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to offer an amendment to
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
amendable.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill now before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order while a
motion to strikeout the enacting clause is pending.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask to have the bill
read.
The CHAIRM AN. It is not in order to have
it read while a motion to strike out the enacting
clause is pending, made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] Upon the motion tell-
ers have been demanded.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the committee rise,
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chetrchwell
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 104.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
the motion made by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill. On that motion tellers have been de-
manded.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clin c.man'
and Sapp were appointed.
Mr. FULLER. Mr. Chairman, I should like
to have the 127th rule read from the Clerk's table.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maine take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair ?
Mr. FULLER made no reply.
The CHAIRMAN. At all events, the Chair
holds that it is too late to take an appeal, the com-
mittee being in the act of dividing.
Mr. STRATTON. Is it not in order, Mr.
Chairman, to have the rule read?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at this
time, the committee being in the act of dividing.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 103, two only in the negative, if the reporter
heard correctly.
Mr. DEAN, (amid great confusion.) I hope
that no member in the minority will vote upon
the question. Oppose tyranny by revolution.
[Much excitement, and cries of "Order!"
"Order!"
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, the Ser-
geant-at-Arms should be sent to compel the gen-
tleman to come to order.
The CHAIRMAN. Those in the negative of
the question refusing to vote, the motion is carried.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I require that the other
side be counted.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen refuse to vote
on the other side.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist upon a count
being taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The count on the nega-
tive side has been called, and gentlemen refused
to vote. The Chair will, however, again enter-
tain the call for the negative vote:
As many as are opposed to the motion of the
gentleman from Georgia will therefore pass be-
tween the tellers.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (passing through the tell-
ers.) There will be one votegiven against the mo-
tion, at all events.
Several other members also voted in the nega-
tive.
The tellers thereafter reported—ayes 103, noes
29 ;
So the motion-to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report to the House the action of
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. That is understood.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Mr. H1BBARD. I submit to the Chair that
upon the vote just taken the committee rises, as a
matter of course, and reports the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the bill mult be reported under a previous order
of the House when the committee rises. Amotion
that the committee rise should be entertained.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Nor-
ton and Hibbard were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 101, noes 2, (a sufficient number.)
[Cries of " No quorum !" " No quorum !"]
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum is necessary
to enable the committee to rise.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee [Mr. Olds] reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 236, to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas, and had directed him to
report the same back to the House, with arecom-
mendation to strike out the enacting portion of
the bill.
Mr. DEAN. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will suspend a
moment, until the Chair announces the report of
the committee.
The Chair then formally stated the report of the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the bill and report upon the table.
Mr. DEAN. 1 rise to a question of order. It
is this: that less than a quorum of the committee
cannot rise and report a bill to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no official
knowledge of the. number of votes given in com-
mittee.
Mr. DEAN. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman has not
the floor. The gentleihan has not the floor for
that purpose. He rose to a point of order.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
rights of gentlemen, and will endeavor to preserve
them. The gentleman from New York must be
aware that he has not the floor for any such pur-
pose. The gentleman from Illinois has the floor,
and it can only be taken from him by rising to a
question of order.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the report of the Chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union
shows that the action of that committee is tanta-
mount to a rejection of the bill, which the com-
mittee have no power to do.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
New York indicate the rule under which it denies
the committee that power?
Mr. HUGHES. It is under the 119th rule.
And under that rule the Speaker of the House
once decided in the same manner. The Speaker
refused to entertain the report of a committee,
upon the ground that it was tantamount to a re-
jection of the bill, which the committee had no
power to do. The note to the 119th rule gives
the same construction to the rule, and upon that
I raise my question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark,
that the same note declares that the very object of
the rule was to obviate and supersede the offering
of further amendments. The attention of the
Chair was called to the rule this morning, indeed,
on Saturday; and after a pretty full examination
of the subject, he is unable to see any ground
i upon which it is competent for him to reject the
report of the committee.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, sir, 1 merely desired to
call the attention of the Chair to the construction
of the rule which has been heretofore given.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that,
under the 119th rule, to which the gentleman has
referred, the report of the committee must be re-
ceived.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege under the 34th rule.
. Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Illinois obtained the
floor, and I insist that the Chair has no right to
give it to other gentlemen, until he h^s ascertained
the purpose for which the gentleman from Illinois
obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illinois
states that he rises to a question of privilege, the
Chair will not recognize any other gentleman until
he ascertains what that question is. He, how-
ever, has made no such statement. The gentle-
man from Vermont states that he does rise to a
question of privilege, and the Chair decides that
the latter gentleman is, therefore, entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MEACHAM. The 34th rule provides
that, "Where debate is closed by order of the
House, any member shull be allowed in commit-
tee five minutes to explain any amendment he
may offer, after which any member who shall
first obtain the floor shall be allowed to speak five
minutes in opposition to it,"&c. Now, I submit
that the rights of members under this rule have
not been respected in committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not perceive
any question of privilege in the point presented
by the gentleman from Vermont. That is a
question which the committee must decide for
itself. It is not competent for the Chair to know
officially what has taken place in committee,
except through the report of its Chairman.
Air. MEACHAM. My point is simply this*
that having been deprived of our rights under the
rules in committee, it is our duty to go back again
into committee to regain them.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
majority of the House to determine.
Mr. PURYEAR. I desire simply to state
that I endeavored to obtain the floor in committee
for the purpose of expressing my opinions in
reference to the motion made by the gentleman
from Georgia to strike out the enacting clause of
this bill, but failed to obtain it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the previous
question upon concurring in the report of the
committee.
Mr. ELLISON. I rise to a question of order.
The 26th rule provides that when the Committee
of the Whole on the stateof theUnion finds itself
without a quorum, the Chairman shall cause the
roll to be called. Now, sir, I submit that the
committee did find itself without a quorum, that
it was not competent for it to report the bill to the
House without a quorum, and that the roll was
not called as the rule directs.
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
the gentleman should have raised in committee,
and which it is not competent for the House to
have any knowledge of, unless so reported by the
Chairman of the committee.
Mr. OLDS. If the House will allow me, I will
make an explanation.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. OLDS. I merely want to say, that in
making that decision, 1 followed the example of
my illustrious predecessor, [Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. DEAN. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MEACHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn over.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over
takes precedence of the motion to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn over; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 68, nays 136; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Culloni, Thomas
Davis, Dean, De Witt, Hick, Dickinson, Drum, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas d. liliot, Everhart, Parley,
Fenton, Flagler, Giddings,Goodrich,Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Harrison, Hastings, Howe, Hughes, Daniel T. J ones, K nox,
Lindsley, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Mavall, Meacham,
Muldleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Feck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pringle,
David Ritchie, tlussell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, John
L. Taylor,Thurston,Tracy, Upham, Wado, YVailey,Eltihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washhurn, John Wentworth, Tap-
pan Wentvvorth, and Yates—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercromliie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Carutheis, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman,
Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige,
