1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I jnove to amend
that resolution, so as to make it apply only to
bills which have been passed. It is the usual
custom to suspend the rules only for bills whiah
have been passed, and not to suspend them alto-
gether.
The SPEAKER. The Senate resolution will
be considered as before the House, unless objected
to.
Mr. HAVEN.. I desire to say that I shall ob-
ject to this resolution being taken up, and that I
shall objeeyo any business being done out of or-
der until the river and harbor bill has been taken
up and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.,
(Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. JONES. I submit that the objection of
thes gentleman from New York comes too late.
The resolution had been taken up from the Speak-
ers table, and read without objection.
The SPEAKER. It is due to the gentleman
from New York to state that he wasupon thefloor
addressing the Chair—the Chair did not know for
what purpose—before the resolution was taken
up. The Chair, however, recognized the gentle-
man from Tennessee. He now decides, therefore,
that the objection.comes in time; and the question
will be upon the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
moving to suspend the 16th and 17th joint rules,
so far as this bill is concerned.
The question was taken; and (two-thirds having
voted in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
The motion to suspend the 16th and 17th joint
rules was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HUNT obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House do now proceed to' the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table, in order that the amendments of the Senate
to the homestead bill may be taken up. I may
Oiove further to amend, so as to more securely
preserve the rights of actual settlers.
Mr. HUNT. I am entitled to the floor, Mr.
Speaker, on a question of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would ask the gentle-
man, before he states his question of privilege, to
allow me to make a motion in regard to the busi-
ness of the special committee, which reported this
morning, in order that it may be closed up.
Mr. HUNT. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that that commit-
tee be authorized to certify to the claim of the
clerk employed by it, and that he be paid.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HUNT. The question of privilege which
I now feel it my duty to offer to the consideration
of the House, inasmuch as no action on the sub-
ject has been proposed on the other side of the
House, is embraced in the following resolution:!
Resolved, That John W. Forney, the Clerk of tins Housi?,
by directing aiuK'ausinsj lobe marie the alteration ot House
bill No. 342, entitled "An act to aid the Territory of"Minne-
sota 111 the construction of a railroad therein," mentioned in
the report of the special committee of this House, has falsi-
fied a record of this Houie in violation ot the parliamentary
law and of his sworn duty, and that the said John W.
Forney, Clerk of the House of Representative^, should be,
and i  hereby, removed from the office of Cleik of this
Hou«?e.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a point of order. My
point is simply this: A question, to be a privileged
one, must relate to some right or privilege of the
member raising: it, or of some other member of
this House in whose behalf, or against whom, the
question is raised. A matter impeaching an offi-
cer of this House is not a privileged question by
parliamentary law; and therefore I hold that the
gentleman is not entitled to the floor as moving a
privileged question.
Mr. HUNT. This is a matter which concerns
the honor and character of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order which has been raised by the
gentleman from Ohio. In the opinion of the Chair,
the question of the gentleman from Louisiana is a
question of privilege. •
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Speaker, this is a question
concerningtheintegrity ofthe proceedings in which
you participate. The personal honor of every
member, and the character of this House, and of
this nation, are involved in its consideration.
Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen of the House, the
t>- £
hej/p
lifl
Clerk of the House of Representatives is an in-
formed and experienced officer. He knows well
the parliamentary law, and thoroughly "under-
stands the duty and the business of the Clerk's
office. With this knowledge and this experience,
we find that he has knowingly and deliberately
directed and caused to be made, an alteration falsi-
fying the proceedings of this House in the bill to
which I have referred, and that to such a degree,
that the House has felt it to be its duty imme-
diately, and with an almost unanimous voice, to
repeal the act in question. It is said, in one of the
reports from the special committee, that the Clerk
has not been actuated by a corrupt motive in this
matter—that he has not been brined.
Sir, I do not look to the motive of the Clerk,
which I do not know in this case. 1 look to his
act—to his act, which has just made you feel it to be
your duty to repeal the altered act. I look to the
character of this House—to the integrity of our
proceedings, and to the maintenance of the parli-
amentary law confided to us by our constituents;
and I say that we owe it to our individual honor,
and to the character of this House, and of this
nation, to maintain and preserve the integrity of
our proceedings—to uphold the parliamentary law,
and to remove him from office, who, having falsi-
fied the record, is unworthy any longer of the
confidence of this House and of this nation.
Sir, my reason for presenting aresolution look-
ing directly to the Clerk, is, because he is/ons et
origo mali, the head and front of this offending;
because, if he had done his duty, the shame and
the reproach of a falsification could not have been
cast upon the records of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I was well pleased to hear the
concluding remarks of one of the reports read this
morning; and as they are so apposite to the pres-
ent occasion, so justlj applicable to the case be-
fore us, and should not fail to exert a wholesome
influence on our judgment and conduct, I will beg
leave of the House to read them in the present
connection:
" If such a system [such action as has taken place in the
present instance] prevails, there can be no certainty or
reliability m congressional action. There can be no safetv
to members under such a practice, because it falsifies the
votes they give under the Mjlemnuies ot their oath, by
making them appear as voting for measures which they
would have opposed. It brings odium upon Congress, and
destroys public confidence in congressional proceedings.
"The sanctity of the rccord should always be preseived,
and those charged with it, should be held to the most rigid
accountability."
I have acted in this matter upon the suggestions
of my own understanding and feelings, regulated
by my views of rigfit. Finding that no one had
come forward to offer such a motion as I deemed
calledfor, and concurring in the honorable senti-
ments uttered by the gentleman from Worth Car-
olina, [Mr. Ckajue,] who addressed you in rela-
tion to the repeal of the altered act, I have thought
proper to submit the resolution, which is now be-
fore the House, for its consideration.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. After hearing
the reports of this committee, (think that there is
no necessity on the part of the House, nor is it
our duty to take the action indicated by the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr,
Hunt.] Both of these reports state conclusively,
if I did not misunderstand the reading, that there
was no proof before the committee showing any
culpability on the part of any individual having j
any connection with this matter whatever. How- i
ever improper the committee may have considered I
the act, and however improper the House may 1
consider it, if there was no improper motive, no
improper intent—and this committee have so con-
sidered it—the House should not and ought not to
take the course indicated by the gentleman from
Louisiana. I think, as I stated when I w&s up
before, that the facts disclosed by the majority and
minority reports show that there was not the |
slightest intention upon the part of any one of \
the gentlemen named to commit a wrong, much
less a fraud. I have not seen in the facts as
reported by the committee any evidence that there
was any intention on the part of these gentle-
men to commit even an impropriety. Why should
this House sanction the course which the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] has indicated,
and remove the Clerk ? Has anything been dis-
closed which warrants an impeachment of his
motives, or an imputation upon his character and
integrity? The gentleman from Louisiana says
in this resolution that the Clerk has falsified the
records. Sir, I do not so understand it at all. I
do not consider, from the reports of the committee,
that the Clerk was guilty of any falsification ot
the record. If in the original bill the word had
been inserted in the character " and if the
subordinate clerk had asked him, " Shall 1 write
the word a-n-d instead of the character?" and he
had been told to write it out " and," would that
| have been falsification of the record ? And yet the
facts disclosed show no more intention of com-
mitting a fraud upon the country, making a falsi-
fication of the record, than if this very thing had
been done. Or again, if a word had been written
! in figures in the original bill, and if the subordi-
nate clerk had asked the Clerk, " Shall I write it
out?" and he had written it out, it would have
been the same as in this case, so far as the inten-
tion or piotive is concerned. In such a case the
act might be improper—the Clerk might have no
right to make the alteration of his own record—
yet where there is no criminal motive, where there
is no intention of fraud, where there is not even
the consciousness of any impropriety, how could
a party be charged with falsification, and why
should this House take such a course as that in-
dicated by the gentleman from Louisiana? I
think it ls^time to stop this affair. We have
already gone too far, in my opinion. I think
there is no propriety in our going further. I am
utterly opposed to the resolution submitted by the
gentleman from Louisiana. Amongst the fi rst and
greatest duties we owe to ourselves, and the coun-
try, is to do justice to all parties, and to deal un-
justly towards none. To cast censure where there
was no bad motive or improper intent, would, in
my opinion, be an act of gross injustice on our
part.
Mr. ORR. The reports that have been made
by this special committee exonerate entirely not
only the honorable gentleman from Michigan,
who reported the bill, but the Clerk also. The
testimony states, distinctly, that the member of
this House who originally reported this bill from
the Committee on Public Lands, which has given
rise to this controversy, went to the Clerk of the
House to have the required alteration made, sup-
posing that such alteration was immaterial. The
Clerk then declined to make it until he would
have conferred with a Clerk of the Senate who
had much more experience in such matters than
the Clerk of the House. And inasmuch as the
! Clerk of the Senate told the Clerk of the House
that it was custjfhary to make these alterations,
he directed it to be made. Now, I have no doubt
that the parties who went originally to Mr. Ste-
| vens to get him to make the alteration, had a
fraudulent purpose to subserve; and I have as
little doubt that the honorable gentleman, [Mr.
Stevens,] and the Clerk of the House, were en-
trapped into making the alteration, supposing that
j it was an immaterial one,
j Besides that, if it were proper that action should
J have been taken on the subject, I think that the
I honorable gentleman from Louisiana should have
offered his resolution as a substitute for the reso-
lution offered by the committee. It would have
; been then appropriate ; it would have been then
m order for iim to have moved his resolution.
If the committee had felt or seen anything in the
testimony which would have at all justified the
proceeding against the Clerk, that committee, as
honorable men, would have felt themselves bound
to report to the House, and to recommend the
removal of the Clerk. They did not so recom-
mend. But the honorable gentleman from Louis-
iana proposes his resolution at this time. He
does not allege that there was any corrupt inten-
tion or improper motive in making the alteration.
He believes there was a wrong done—and it is a
great wrong—upon the House. It was an impro-
priety in the Clerk; it was an impropriety in those
who made the change. It was the duty of the
Clerk to ha ve the bill engrossed exactly as it passed
the House, whether it made sense or not. But
when he had before him the testimony of the Sen-
ate Clerk that this was a customary thing, when
there is not a particle of testimony implicating his
honor or integrity in the least degree, I think it
would look very much like persecuting the Clerk
of the House if we were to prosecute the investi-
gation any further; and, therefore, I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman from South
