1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
Gumming, Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney,
Dowdeli, Dunbar, Dunham, Edinundson, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Gamble, Goodo, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, An-
d evv J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
llendncks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Hunt,
IntfprsoH, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidweli, Kittredge, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald,~Mc-
Dougali,McNair, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
MilHon, Morrison, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pralt,
Preston, Puryear, Reese^' Richardson, Riddle, Thomas
Ri tchey, Robbins, Rowe, ltuffiii, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw,
Showei, Singleton, Gerril Hmith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Snod-
gra«.s. Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexan-
der II. Stephens, He&ior L. Steven^ Stratton, Straub,
Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbndge, Walk-
er, Walsh, Warren, Wells, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B.
Wright, 11 endiick 13. Wright, and Zollicoffer—136.
bo the House refused to adjourn over until
Wednesday next.
Pending the above call, the following statements
were made by unanimous consent:
* Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
that some time since I paired off with Mr. Mc-
Mullin, of Virginia, who is yet absent, and I
am told is sic^c at home. A colleague of his [Mr.
Snodgrass] is paired off with a colleague of mine,
[Mr. Corwin,] who is also absent. Mr. Snod-
grass and myself, ypon consultation with the
friends of the absent gentlemen, have come to the
conclusion to vote, and to leave those gentlemen
to stand against each other on the question, and
1 make the statement in order that none of us shall
be placed in a false position. I desire to vote on
the pending question.
Mr. SNODGRASS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state^hat before Mr. Corww, of Ohio, left this
city for his residence, I agreed to pair off with him
on all the votes arising on the Nebraska and Kan-
sas bill now under consideration—the gentleman
from Ohio being an opponent, while I am afriend
of the bill. Mr. Nichols, of Ohio, under sim-
ilar circumstances, paired off with Mr. McMul-
lin, of Virginia. In the absence of Messrs.
CoRwiNand McMulliu, their mutual friends have
agreed to pair them off together; leaving Mr.
Njciiols, of Ohio, and myself, to vote on the said
bill. As the above arrangement will not change
the result of the vote, I will vote on the bill until
Mr. McMullin returns.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed certain
bills, and requesting its concurrence therein.]
The SPEAKER. The question now, recurs on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that when the House
adjourns to day, it be to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. MEAOHAM. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Orr.) The
Chair decides the motion to be out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The motion to adjourn
takes precedence.
Mr. DICKINSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn over until Thurs-
day next.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Simmons'* mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 62,
nays 136; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Thomas Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Drum, Edgerton, Ed-
inands, Thomas D. Eliot, Farley, Fentoi^ Flaglei, Gid-
dmgs, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven,
Iliester, Ilovve, Hughes, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Luidsley,
McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Mayall, Meacbam, Morgan,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Pennington, Pringle, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons,
Tiacy, Upham. Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne,
I.-rael Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Yates—62. „T„.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alien, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bocock, Royce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman,
Churcliwell, Clark, Clmgman, Cobb,'Colquitt, Cox,Craige,
Cullom, Cummiug, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dis-
ney, DowdeJI, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Etheridge, Faulkner,
Florence, Gamble, Goode, Green, Greenwood. Grey, Ham-
ilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll,
Johnson, George W. Jones, J, Glancy Jones, Roland Jones,
« Ke.itt, Kerr, Kidweli, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, La-
tham, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair.
Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,Morrison,
Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Bishop Perkins,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Pur
year, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritcliey, Rob-
bins, Rowe, Rutfin, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Show
er, Singh ton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard li. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, Andrew
Stuart, Oavid Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G.Taylor, Trout, Tweed,Vail, Vansant,Walbridge,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B,
Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—136.
So the House refused to adjourn over until
Thursday next.
Mr. DEAN. I move that there be a call of the
House; and on that motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 would beg the gentleman
to withdraw his motion to adjourn for a moment.
Mr. SAGE. I withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the resolution
which 1 send to the Clerk that it may be read.
Mr. RICHARDSON.- I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let the resolution be read.
[Cries of" 1 object!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, for the purpose
I have indicated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to the reading
of it.
Mr. DICKINSON. I call for the reading of
the resolution for information.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman has a right
to move to suspend the rules, it is not only in
order to demand the reading, but it is the right of
any member to demand it.
Mr. DICKINSON. Well, I demand the
reading of the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I maintain that the House
has already suspended the rules and reported this
bill, and the previous question is now pending
upon it, and it is not in order to suspend the rules
until that is disposed of.
Mr. HAVEN It is true that a demand for
the previous question is pending; but pending that
demand, it is in order, under the rules, to move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended,
and the House went into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union under that sus-
pension, and reported a bill, in the opinion of
the Chair, it is not in order, at this stage of the
proceedings, to move to suspend the rules gen-
erally. 1
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am compelled to take an
appeal from the decision, though I do it reluct-
antly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact that
the rules of the House have been already sus-
pended. To illustrate the point: Suppose that,
instead of going into the Committee of the Whole
under a suspension, the rules had been suspended
generally, and a bill introduced, would thege/itle-
man contend that, during the consideration of that
bill, any member would have a right to move to
suspend the rules to go to something else?
Mr. CAMPBIiLL. I would suggest 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow
the Chair to finish the remark; it is but apassing
one? The motion made this morning to suspend
the rules, does not require a vote of two thirds,
and it differs in that respect only from a motion to
suspend the rules generally. But the rules were
suspended, and the bill has been reported under
that suspension; and the Chair therefore thinks
that it is not in order to move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going to any other business.
That is all the Chair has to say.
Mr. HAVEN. May I be allowed to make a
suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pleased to
hear the gentleman.
Mr. HAVEN. The rules were suspended this
morning for the p'urpose of allowing a motion to
be made to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. When the motion was
made and carried, and the House went into com-
mittee, then the rules were not further suspended,
but governed us in @ur action in the committee.
Under the rules the committee rose and reported
the bill to the House. When the rules were in
full force, and not suspended, under the rules the
demand was made for the previous question; and
before the vote was taken seconding the demand,
according to the rules, the motion was made by
the gentleman from Ohio to suspend them, it being
Monday, to allow him to introduce his resolu-
tion.
From the moment we went into committee until
the motion to suspend by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] we have been acting un-
der the rules of the House unsuspended. The
suspension in the morning was only to go into
committee. Since we came out, we have been
under the rules. There are several territorial
bills now on the table, that have lain there two
weeks, that were reported by the Committee of
the Whole, into which the House went by a sus-
pension of the rules; but no one can pretend the
rules have been suspended ever since those bills
were reported.
The SPEAKER. If the decision of the Chair
was correct "this morning, when he decided that
the motion to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was of equal dignity with a motion to sus-
pend the rules generally, and that when those two
motions were made, the one first made must be
first put, the Chair thinks there can be no doubt
as to the correctness of his present position. The
gentleman from Ohio appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to ask whether
the rules are suspended now ?—whether the act
of suspension did not end when we went into
committee?
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
respond to the gentleman, if he can be permitted
to do so; and he thinks the answer a very ready
one.
The Chair states that we are acting under a.
suspension of the rules, and it is not now in
order to suspend them again.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We had this
exact question presented last Monday. After the
House had suspended the rules by two thirds,
another motion was made to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. It was clearly out of order
in that case.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me make this further sug-
gestion 
[Cries of "Question!" " Question!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the appeal
taken from the decision of the Chair upon the
table.
Mr. HAVEN. I would make this suggestion,
that it is in order to move a suspension of the
rules upon every Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair replies to the
gentleman from New York, that we can suspend
the rules several times upon every Monday.
Under a suspension of the rules, a proposition
can be introduced, but it must be acted upon by
the House before another suspension of the rules.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] moves to lay the appeal taken from the de-
cision of the Chair upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that appeal I demand
the yeas and nays, and I also desire tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Chiirchwell were appointed.
The House then divided; and the tellers reported
forty-eight gentlemen voting in theaffirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 ask for tellers upon the
yens and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is another question
pending, which is an appeal from the decision of
the Chair in regard to a motion made to suspend
the rules, and I ask whether it is in order to sub-
mit another motion of the same character until the
motion now pending is decided ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
hear suggestions from any gentleman upon either
side of this proposition. It is within the recollec-
tion of the Chair, that very often when bills have
been reported from either the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, that the House have returned into committee
by a suspension of the rules. That has been the
practice of this body, as every member who has
served here will recollect. The Chair does not at
