2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
Carolina will not do that; it is not just nor gen-
erous. The gentleman has—I do not consider in
an offepsive light—reproached me for not having
been quicker in my action upon this matter.
Why, sir, it is only a few minutes since these re-
ports of the special committee were read. I had
known nothing of what they contained. I 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The question
is not debatable.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Louisiana
desiies to make any explanation I will allow him
to di so before 1 insist on my motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. HUNT. Certainly it is my purpose to
make a personal explanation, and 1 will not abuse
even the poor privilege which the gentleman
allows me. It is a personal explanation to account
for my conduct in this matter. 1 felt it my duty
to act upon this matter as soon as I could. It is
not five minutes since the reports were read, and
1 knew nothing of their contents previous to the
reading. My remarks are in order, and are not
precluded by the action of the House" upon the
reports. The reports recommend a repeal of the
altered law. That repeal has been made. I have
my own views of the conduct of the Clerk, and
of the penalty which should fall upon him. As
soon as I had an opportunity, after jhe repeal of
the altered act took place, I rose in my place and
offered the resolution which I had hoped would
have come from some gentleman on the other
side of the House.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire to ask the
gentleman one question.
Mr. HUNT. A thousand, sir, if you please.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I ask the gentleman
whether both reports do not exonerate every one
connected with this business?
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman asks me a ques-
tion which answers itself upon the record before
the House; he asks me argumentatively, and I
must he allowed to reply argumentatively. I re-
ply, first, by saying that 1 am an independent,
gentleman and legislator; and that if he, and all
the friends connected with him in politics, or by
social intercourse, were of one mind, and I was
of another, I should feel it my duty to express
my independent opinion. Is that an answer?
Mr. CHURCH WELL. It is not.
Mr. HUNT. Well, sir, the gentleman may
be controlled by the judgment of others. I judge
from the facts as disclosed. 1 Sid not say that
I believed the Clerk had been bribed. There is
no evidence upon the subject. T^his rule of law
is charitable: De nwi (tpparentibus, et non txisten-
iibufi ectdan c:.l ratio.
The presumption is that liehas not been bribed;
anil I do not know what influences have been
brought to bear upon his mind, liut I think the
integrity of this House is involved in this matter,
anil so regarding it, I have brought it to the at-
tention of the House.
M r. ORR. I have no doubt that the honorable
gentleman from Louisiana would adopt exactly
the course he has indicated, if he felt himself
standing alone, and all the rest of the House
against him. I think, however, that the House
will be prepared to sustain the report of both the
majority arid minority of the commTttee that there
is nothing in the testimony or circumstances going
to show that there was any fraud, direct or indi-
rect, upon the part of either Mr. Stevens, of
Michigan, or the Clerk of this House. Therefore
I move to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to give me a moment?
[Cries of " No I" "NoI" and " Question !"]
Mr. WHEELER. 1 call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise with earnestness to
ask the gentleman from South Carolina to with-
draw his motion for a moment. His motion is
•doing injustice to his friend.
Mr. ORR. As the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia comes from Mr Forney'sown town,and dif-
fers with him in politics, 1 withdraw the motion
to inv the resolution on the table, that he may be
he;.nl. But I ask him to renew the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to appeal to the
House in behalf of—~
Mr SEWARD. T rise to a question of order.
I Biibuiit that the gentleman from South Carolina
had no right to withdraw his motion to lay upon
the table after the yeas and nays were called.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the right
to withdraw his motion, no action having been
taken upon it. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is; entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
to defend the Clerk of this House; because 1 do not
know anything of the circumstances of the case,
more than has been stated in the reports. I listened
with interest to the reports, both of the majority
and the minority of the committee, and I was com-
pelled to believe that an error—a gross error—has
been committed—one that calls for the deliberate
consideration, and, perhaps, the censure of the
House.
But, sir, the proposition is now made to strike
down a man before he can be heard. If I under-
stood the statement of the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stevens,] the other day, he fully,
clearly, and distinctly relieved our Clerk from any
appearance of any intention to do anything wrong,
if wrong was done. And if I understand the re-
port of both the majority and minority, he stands
acquitted of intentional wrong by the whole of the
committee.
Mr. HUNT. The Clerk must be presumed—
although he is seldom seen here—to know what
is going on in the House. He must have known
that this investigation was going on. Now, I desire
to ask the chairman of the committee who had the
matter in charge, whether Mr. Forney was no-
tified in relation to this matter, and whether he
was called before the committee?
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, I am not a
political friend, scarcely a personal friend, of this
officer of the House. We are antagonistic to
each other in our politics. The peculiar position
of antagonism of political«nen in the city in which
we live, is such as to give rise to no feelings of
speciul friendship between us. But, sir, I speak
this word as a man. I speak it as one who asks
that, before the blow be struck, the man at whom
it is aimed shall have the opportunity of being
heard. " Stuke, but hear."
Our laws punish no man without trial. And,
sir, if the blow is to be struck, it must full first
upon the honorable gentleman from Michigan.
Not that I impute to him any wrong, if any wrong
has been done. But if there is to be any censure
passed upon any one, honorable gentlemen must
know that it will fall first, however it may be
aimed, upon the gentleman from Michigan. Who
does not know that, if we are to strike this blow,
before it can reach the Clerk of this House, it
must fall with triple impliraition upon our co-
member' t
Mr. HUNT. I can hear the gentleman very
imperfectly in the confusion. Do I understand
hi in to cast an imputation upon me for not first
instituting proceedings against Mr. Stevens, of
Michigan ?
Mr.' CHANDLER. Certainly not. The hon _
orable gentleman knows that I deem him an hon-
orable man. But it is but right that he should
deal honorably, justly, and even mercifully with
any man .before iie would strike him down; before
he would press a proposition which carries with
it an imputation, placing him in a position, the
atmosphere of which will hang around him all his
life. The suspicion of intended wrong is of itself
a horrible punishment for an error.
1 repeat it, sir, I do not say the Clerk of the
House has not committed error. I do not say
that he ought not to receive the rebuke wluch, in
a modified form, this resolution will carry with
it. But I say that the very defense which is
forced upon his friends is of itself almost a suf-
ficient punishment for the error. That we should
preserve purity, integrity, and correctness in our
documents, is something which needs no argu-
ment to prove, it requires no consideration. But,
sir, the character of our body for justice, the char-
acter of our institutions demands that we should
be pure as the parchment upon which we record
our acts.
I say, therefore,that I would rather not seethe
question put in the form in which the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has
presented it to the House, viz; To lay the reso-
lution upon the table. Let the previous question
be called, and then let us have a direct vote on the
resolution. If I vote to lay the resolution upon
the table, it may be said that I voted to stifle in-
quiry. If I do not vote to lay it upon the table,
it maybe said "that I am expressing myself against
the Clerk.
• Mr. ORR. I hope, then, that the gentleman,
instead of renewing my motion, will call for the
previous question on the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope that the gentleman will
do no such thing. I would hate, in addition to
what has taken place, to have it go out to the
country that the floor is farmed out among the
friends of the accused, and that nobody else can
be heard.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not stand upon this
floor as the friend of the Clerk. I do not stand
here as his advocate or defender; I only stand here
as the asserter of justice, and of the proper mode
of procedure. 1 ask that the House shall inquire
before it passes censure. I ask it to consider,
first, all that has been so candidly and satisfac-
torily said by gentlemen of the committee. I
ask that we should not distinguish the termina-
tion of this session of Congress by an act which
we cannot recall—an act which becomes injustice,
even if the error is sufficient to it. The punish-
ment becomes injustice by the mannerand temper
in which it is administered. 1 do not wish to with-
hold any man, whoever, or wherever he may be,
from the well earned censure to which he may
have exposed himself. If he is guilty, let him be
punished. If he has erred, let there be correc-
tion or commonition; hut, before we do one or
the other, let him be heard. Let him present
the matter to the House by his friends; and,
more than all, let us pause before we strike the
blow. Between the accusation and the trial, let
there be time to deliberate and sober down our
thoughts; and, between the sentence and the blow,
let there be something to distinguish our justice,
and show that we only seek our rights.
Mr. HUNT. Allow me a word before you
move the previous question. It has been said by
the honorable gentleman, that a hearing should
have been granted to the Clerk. Does the hon-
orable gentleman recollect the nature of this pro-
ceeding? This was an investigation into the
conduct of the Clerk and others. It was well
understood, and well known by the Clerk, and
every man upon this floor. The committee called
the Clerk before them and heard him. lie testi-
fied under oath. Is the honorable gentleman pre-
pared to say that we have not the full evidence in
regard to this matter from the Clerk's statement,
as well as the testimony of the other witnesses?
ft was so full, sir, that the committee asked for no
further time to prosecute this investigation. The
committee did not believe that he was bribed, or
governed by a corrupt motive; but they had a full
knowledge of his participation in the matter of
alteration. It appears to me, therefore, that the
argument that he has not had a hearing is unjust.
And, sir, does the House of Representatives owe
II*
othing to its own character and to the country ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I know, sir, that, the
hat is the question.
gentleman has not uttered, but he has continually
insinuated the charge of bribery on this floor, by
repeatedly saying that he had not made it.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman is mistaken in
my character. I do not believe that the Clerk has
received a quid pro quo. It does not appear, and
I do not believe it. 1 do not charge it, and I never
insinuate. The gentleman knows my character
too well, and he will do me the justice to spy that
1 am accustomed to speak right on, and call things
by their right names. I judge of the Clerk's act
by the surrounding circumstances and his official
character.
Mr. CHANDLER. I only wish that other
members of the House understood thegentleman 'a
character as well as he imagines that J do; for it
cannot have escaped gentlemen that that was the
undertone of his remarks.
Mr. HUNT. Does thegentleman mean, after
my disavowal, to repeat such a thing as that?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not. Exactly the
contrary. I only mean to express regret that the
gentleman should have found it necessary to make
sftch a disavowal.
Mr. HUNT. God knows what his motives
are. They are known only to the great Searcher
of hearts.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish simply to say, that
all we know of this matter is, that a member of
