1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Already you have a colony here—I mean the Ter-
ritory of Utah—in which you have what we de-
nounce as a spurious religion. You have there
polygamy in all its forms, m all its consequences.
And that colony is made up, as we ali know, by
the immigration from Europe of those who there
embrace the peculiar doctrines of the Latter Day
Saints.
Now, sir, I have no objection that the benefits
ofthe bill should extend to every native-born Amer-
ican citizen, to those who have been naturalized,
and to those who have already declared their in-
tention of becoming American citizens, without
the offer of this bounty. I do not know that
patriotism, or duty, or interest require us to go fur-
ther than that, ana to offer this inducement to every
variety of persons, without reference almost to
color. I say we ought not to do it. Let us confine
the benefits of this bill to those who are American
citizens, who have been naturalized, or who have
declared their intention to become so. The bill in
its present form gives land to American and to nat-
uralized citizens. It is idle to say that the foreigner
who comes here and settles on the public domain
and becomes naturalized is not an Jimtncan citi-
zen within the meaning; of this bill, and is not en-
titled to the benefits of this act.
I have felt it my duty, Mr. Chairman, to offer
this amendment, but I am told by a friend on my
right that it is unnecessary, as the bill applies
only to American citizens, and to those who are
now naturalized, and now residents of the United
States. If that be so, my amendment can do no
harm. I differ with the gentleman as to the legal
construction of the bill. Let my amendment go
forth with the bill, as a sort of warningand admo-
nition to all the world that they need not come |.
here expecting these privileges from the Govern- j
ment of the United States. Such an amendment, i
at all events, can do no harm. I
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I de- I
sire to have the amendment offered by the gentle- 1
man from Tenne&see [Mr. Etheridge] read. i
The Clerk reported the amendment again. I
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I do not concur, Mr. <
Chairman, in the amendment, and therefore I shall j
oppose it. f do not apprehend the evils which j
are anticipated by the gentleman who submitted j
it. I think it is obviously unjust to cut off from j
the benefits of this bill that large class who, im- :
mediately on coming here, become naturalized cit- j
izens—assimilate with our institutions, constitute, j
in every element, the good citizen; not subordi- i
nate in usefulness, not subordinate in fidelity, I
not subordinate in any respect to American born j
citizens. It is to be understood and borne in
mind that one fifth of the population of this country >
are foreigners or are immediately descended from ,
foreigners. And I submit the question, whether, .
in any exigency, the naturalized foreigner, or the
descendant of the foreigner, has not been equal, :
in all emergencies, to the American born citizen? ;
Therefore I resist the amendment, as the bill ;
would be doing injustice, if this amendment pre- j
vail. I understand the provisions of this bill to j
be to promote the very purposes to which the |
gentleman objects; that is, to invite immigration, j
to people our western frontiers, to cultivate the ;
waste lands, and to bring into use those vast acres
in the west. For that reason, I shall resist the
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the amendment will
be voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Etheridge ]
Mr. NORTON. I am opposed to that amend-
ment.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I would suggest to
the gentleman whether it would not be better to
consider and perfect the second section, which is
now under consideration, before we proceed to the
further consideration of the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee?
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ORR. I suggest to the committee that it
would be better to postpone that amendment until
after we have perfected the second section of the
bill. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Eth-
eridge] has made his remarks, and I can see no
objection to the postponement of its consideration
until the time I have suggested.
A Voice. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Norton] will
proceed.
Mr. NORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment;
That the provisions of this bill shall also apply to all per-
sons who shall have, at the time of making application for
the benefits thereof, made their declaration ot intention to
become citizens at the United States, according to the
laws of the United States.
I offer this amendment as a substitute for that
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Etheridge.] Now, sir, I am in favor of the pro-
visions of this bill, and I shall vote for it. I am in
favor of the provisions of this bill, because I be-
lieve that is a good manner of disposing of a portion
of the public lands. It will add new inducements
to emigration from the old States to the new States
and Territories. It will offer an inducement to large
numbers of the poorer classes, now dragging out
a miserable existence m the large towns and cities
of the old States, to emigrate to and settle upon
our western prairies, for the purpose of bettering
their own condition, and furnishing to their chil-
dren facilities for education and improvement
which they are now denied. They will thus be
enabled to present their country with a generation
of men and women far better fitted for the high
duties of American citizens. It will promote the
cause of general education; it will facilitate the
settlement and improvement of the country; it will
develop its resources, and increase its wealth. It will
raisethestandard of respectability amongst alarge
portion of the toiling millions of our fellow-men,
now laboring under grievous disabilities and dis-
advantages; it will hold out new incentives to mo-
! rahty, industry, and economy. It will tend, atleast
! in some degree, to the establishment of that equal-
ity amongst men which is the pride and boast of i
our institutions, and the foundation of our Gov-
ernment. I believe, sir, that every acre of land,
and every dollar of money, that this Government
can devote to the elevation of those in the humbler
walks of life in the scale of beieg are well ex-
pended. 1 believe that the passage of this bill
will be conducive to the highest interests of the
country—moral, educational, and pecuniary.
Now, sir, lam opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee,for this reason,
that it makes unnecessary and invidious distinc-
tions. Why, sir, I ask, should we hold out in-
ducements by our Constitution and our laws to
the oppressed and down-trodden of other lands
in Europe, Asia, and the whole wide world, to
emigrate to this land, and propose to make them
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that this amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I believe the rules entitle
me to five minutes in closing upon the amendment
I offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that he is not entitled to the floor
upon his amendment, but he is entitled to the priv-
ilege of replying to thegentleman from Illinois.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois speaks of invidious distinctions" between
our own citizens and foreigners. I would ask the
gentleman if our naturalization laws do not create
invidious distinctions? Why do we impose upon
the foreigner five years' residence here before he
is allowed the right of suffrage, and before he
is entitled to the privileges of citizenship? Pass
the bill with the amendment which I have pro-
posed, and what will be the result? Emigration
may still come from abroad upon the very same
terms that it has come to this country for the last
ten years. We welcome the foreigner here to our
free institutions, our free religion, and our free
country. We welcome him to a land where in-
dustry meets with its reward, where energy is ap-
preciated, and where he finds a home, liberty, and
freedom from oppression—all this he gets, and it
is all our ancestors ever had. You nor I, Mr.
Chairman, can get the benefit of this bill unless
we expatriate ourselves, unless we leave the land of
our lesidence or our nativity, and go abroad to
seek it. %
The bill gives land to no persons except those
who settle upon the public domain. How can
you get the benefits of its provisions unless you go
to the Territories and States where these public
i lands he? Our legislation frequently makes dis-
tinctions, which are often alleged to be invidious.
The objection which I have to the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Norton] is this:
It is nothing more nor less than a bribe to Europe,
Asia, and the rest of the world, to come here in
pursuit of land, not freedom, only; for we know
many of them are not prepared to appreciate or
en joy the blessings of civil liberty.
There are already many thousands of the disci-
ples of Confucius in California. You must invite
more of them to come here, and setup their religion
in opposition to that of Christ. You must invite
all the Latter Day Saints, now scattered through-
out Europe, to congregate in the valley of the Salt
Lake. Where will this thing stop? You have
offered, I say again, a bribe to the lazzaroni of
Europe, and the paupers of the whole world, to
come here, mingle with us in a free Government,
and partake of free institutions, which nothing but
citizens of the United States by naturalization, j a long residence among us could enable them to
and then attempt, in our legislation, to draw ! appreciate and understand. The amendment I
invidious distinctions between them and the na-
tive-born citizens of the country? And besides,
sir, the amendment of the gentleman seeks to
make a distinction not merely between native and
naturalized citizens, but between the naturalized
citizens themselves. He would confine the ben-
efits of this bill to those alone who are now in the
country. Sir, I cannot consent to such a propo-
sition. If the position of the gentleman from
Tennessee be good and tenable, if it be right to
make a distinction between citizens naturalized
five years hence and those already naturalized,
then, to be consistent, the gentleman should say,
that persons born in the country hereafter shall
not have the benefits of this bill. I believe that
when men come here from foreign lands, and are
naturalized according to the laws of the country,
there should be no distinction. 1 would regaid
have offered proposes to give the benefits of this
bill to native-born citizens, and to those who have
already shown their devotion to the country by
becoming naturalized, and to those who have
shown their desire to do so by filing their declara-
tion of intention to become citizens, in the mode
and manner prescribed by law. To these, and
their posterity,ami willing to extend this bounty;
but to these only.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then put; and the amendment-
to the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Etheridge;] and, having been taken, the
amendment was disagreed to—ayes 32, noes not
counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
one and all, native and naturalized, as American ;| amend in the twenty-first line of the pending sec-
citizens, standing upon the same great platform ' tion, by striking out the word ii fourteen," and
inserting the word (i twenty-one," so that the
1 clause would read:
,j dnJ provided farther, In case ofthe dPRth of both father
■ and mother, leaving an infant child or children under twen-
! ty-one years of age, the nslit and the tee shall mure to the
benefit'ofsald infant child or children.
This bill, Mr. Chairman, as it now stands, pro-
of equality; nothing more and nothing less.
One word now as to the proposition which I
have offered in lieu of that of the gentleman from
Tennessee. I would extend the privileges of this
bill to those emigrants who have come to our
shores with the intention of becoming citizens, and
have declared their intentions to that effect. And ..   ,  , .
I think this is right; 1 can see no danger to arise vides that if persons who settle upon the land
from it. Surely their coming to this country, and
swearing allegiance to our Government, taking the
initiatory steps for becoming citizens, and settling
down and making improvements upon the public
domain, aresufficientguarantee that then* intentions
are good. And they get no title to the land under
five years, and then they will be entitled fully to
the rights of citizenship.
shall die before the expiration of the five years,
and leave children under fourteen years of age, the
land shall be sold for their benefit. I propose to
strike out the word 1 ( fourteen," and insert "twen-
ty-one, "so that if the settler upon the land shall
die before his right to it shall become perfected,
under the provisions of this bill, it shall mure to
his minor children
