1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
this House declared upon his honor—and that
was sufficient for us—that he was instructed to
make such alteration by the committee; that he
thought he had made it; and when it appeared
after the passage of the bill that- one word was
omitted, that he went to one of the engrossing
clerks and asked to have it altered; that he de-
clined to act until Mr. Forney had looked into the
matter; who, doubtful in regard to it, although
unable to see what material effect it would have,
appealed to others of more acquaintance and ex-
perience in these matters, and gathered from them
that it was " within the line of safe precedent."
That seems to be the history of the case. The
honorable gentleman from Louisiana asks whether
the House of Representatives does not owe some-
thing to its sense of justice in this matter. Sir,
it is oneof the first duties which this House ow;es
to itself to avoid injustice.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will request my
friend from Ohio to be as brief as possible, not m
regard to myself, but to the time of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman who has
yielded to me the floor for a moment has certainly
farmed it out to no friend of Mr. Forney. In poli-
tics I am hisantipode. I differ from him, I believe,
on every great issue before the country. 1 have
always voted against him when he has been a
candidate for the office of Clerk of this House.
Socially, I have had no intercourse with him. I
believe that the whole amountof my conversations
with him during the entire term I have served in
this House—now five years—would not make up
the space of thirty minutes, and then exclusively
on business matters. In short, sir, I may say, to
be frank, I do not like the man. But I do under-
take to say, nevertheless, with great respert to
the opinions of my friend from Louisiana, [Mr.
Hunt,] that I think, under all the circumstances
of the case, it would be an act of injustice for us
to take any hasty action on a resolution calcu-
lated to affect the reputation of this officer. He
is no friend of mine; but, sir, I should deserve
the scorn of all honorable men were I not, as a
member of this House, incapable of doing aught,
willfully, to blast the honor of any political or per-
sonal fo« , witheut full proof of guilt, and calm,
impartial, and deliberate investigation. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I had the honor of being on the com-
mittee who reported this morning; and although
not agreeing with the majority upon all the points,
yet, after a most careful and laborious investiga-
tion, my mind was impressed with the conviction
that this alteration—so far as we were enabled to
learn from the testimony which, in a short time,
we were enabled to bring before us—was, so far
as the Clerk and the gentleman from Michigan
were concerned, rather the result of a disposition
to accommodate friends, or of a neglect in not
looking into the legal effect of the change, than
any corrupt or selfish purpose. No impropriety
is yet disclosed, other than that which was th#
result of the hurry or negligence of the occasion.
Certainly there is nothing in the testimony which
should now induce us to stigmatize him with
acting from corrupt motives. I have risen for the
purpose of making a suggestion, and I hope it
will be adopted by the common consent both of
the friends and opponents of the Clerk; and I
make the suggestion for the reason, that if a vote
is now taken, the members of the House will be
compelled to vote in the dark, until they have read
the testimony now ordered to be printed. If gen-
tlemen will allow the consideration of this reso-
lution to be postponed until sometime m Decem-
ber, the testimony will have been printed; and
every member will then be able to make up his
mind upon the facts contained in that record. It
will be much better for the Clerk, if he is to be
exonerated, that it should be done by a large vote,
after full investigation; and if, on the other hand,
this House shall then find that it is necessary for
the protection of its integrity, after examining all
the proof* they can declare him guilty then, and
turn him out of office. I make that suggestion,
Mr. Speaker, and I hope that the gentleman who
have participated in this proceeding, will, by
common consent, allow it to go over. We are
now upon the eve of the session, and if this
House finds it necessary to have a new Clerk,
they can act upon the matter more understandmgly
at the opening of the jjext session.
Mr. CHANDLER. L hold in my hand oneof
the reports which has been made to this House,
and both of them exonorate Mr. Stevens, of
Michigan, and every officer of the House, and we
are asked here to give, what the lawyers call, a
judgment notwithstanding the verdict. I do not
wish to say anything more except to reiterate for
myself, what has been said by the gentleman of
Ohio, relating to the Clerk of this House, and that
is, that I am not on intimate terms with, and do
not stand as the advocate of asocial friend, but
that I stand here as a man for a man, and in be-
half of justice, and.nothing more. 1 took the floor
at the kindness of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, with the promise that I would renew his mo-
tion; and I therefore call the previous question,on
the motion that the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. HAVEN. Is the previous question de-
manded by the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I ask him to withdraw
it?
Mr. CHANDLER. I took the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] and I have discharged my duty, and
1 give back the subject to thegentleman fromSouth
Carolina. The floor is his and not mine.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania dare not take the responsibility, and 1 ask
thegentleman from South Carolina to withdrawn?
Mr. CHANDLER. I dare not take the respon-
sibility of doing what 1 have promised not to do.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina dare take the responsibility, and remembering
how he was treated by the gentleman from New
York the other day, he declines to withdraw it.
[Loud cries of " Good !"]
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
postpone this matter until the second Tuesday in
December next? ^
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is pending.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot have
them upon the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well. I will wait until I
can have them.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. HAVEN. Can the yeas and nays be de-
manded properly upon ordering the main question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can demand
them upon that question.
Mr. HAVEN. I do demand them then.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—ye«s 136, nays 41, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis. Allen,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Ranks, ft,irks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Biias, Bocoek, Boyce, Breckin-
ridge, Bridges, Brooks, Bii?g, Caruthers, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Chastain, Chrinman, Churehwell, Clark, Clinc-
mau, Cobb, Corwin, Craijje, Cuinming. Curtis, John G.
Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Disnej, DowdelJ, Dunbar,
Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, EiJmundson, John M.
Elliott, English, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence,
Fuller, Gamble, Greenwood. Grow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew
J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley l\ Harris, Hen-
dricks, Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hughe?, Ingersnll,
Johnson, George W. Jone?, Roland Jones. IOitt, Kidwell,
Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lilly, Luidsley, Mac- j
donald, McDougall, McMullin, McNdir, Maey, Maurice, j
Maxwell, May, Mayall, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Mor !
nson, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mor- i
decai Oliver,'Oir, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, ,
Pratt, Ready, Ileese, Richard-on, Riddle, Robbins, Rowc, |
Rufiin, Russell, Sapp, Seward. Shannon,' Shower, Single ;
ton, Geirit Smith, William Simtli, William R. Smith, j
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stamon, Richard H. Stan- j
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stiauh, John J. Taylor, John i
L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Van&ant, Wade, ;
Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, Eilihu B. Washburne, Wells,
Westbrook, Daniel 13. Wright, Ilendnck B. Wright, and !
Zollicoflei—136. i
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Ball, Bennett, Benson, 1
Campbell, Carpenter, Caskie, Cook, Crocker, Cullom, j
Edcnands, Thomas D. Eliot, Farley, Flagler, Giddings,
Goode, Goodrich, Grey, Harrison, Haven, Hill, Hunt,!
Knox, Letcher, McCulloch, McQueen, Matteson, Millson, i
Morgan, Parker, Pennington, Powell, Puryear, Sabm,
Sage, Skelton, Andrew Smart. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Wal- j
ley, Israel Wa>hbum, and Wheeler—41. j
So the mam question was ordered to be now
put, being upon the adoption of Mr. Hunt's res-
olution.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 18, naya 154; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mescr-s. Abcrcrombte, Rennet', Carpenter, Ca«-
kie, Cox, Flagler, Goode, Grey, Harrison,' Hill, Hunt,
Knox, Letcher, Millson, Parker, Powell. Andrew Stuart,
and Wheeler—18.
NAVS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Ashe, Davit! J. Bailey, Banks, Barkedale, Barry,
Belcher, Bell, Benson, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brook?, Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers, Chandler,
Chastain, Chrismati, Churehwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb,
Corwin, Craige, Crocker, Oummmg, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Dowdeli, Dunbar, Dan-
ham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Edmundson,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Everhart, Farley,
Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goodrich,
Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Howe, Hughes, Ingersoil, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lilly, Lindsley,
Macdonald, McDougall, McMullm, McNair, McQueen,
Macy, Matteson, May, Mayall, John G. Miller,Smith Mil-
ler, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Peckhain,
Pennington, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Pringle,
Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbins,
Rowe, Rufiin, Russell, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Singleton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith, William
It. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Hector L. Stevens,
Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge,
Walker, Walley, Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburne, Weils,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Daniel
B. Wright, Heudrick B. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—154.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolutions; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker:
An act for the further relief of Albro Tripp;
An act for the relief of the civil township of
Marion, in the county of Mercer, Ohio;
An act for the relief of John Fink;
An act for the relief of Joseph McMinn;
An act for the relief of John McVey and John
F. McKneely, of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy;
An act for the relief of James Walsh;
An act for the relief of Benjamin Hammond,
of the State of New York;
An act for the relief of Henry N. Halsted;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Baggerley,
widow of David Baggeriey, deceased;
An act for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri;
An act for the relief of Mary H. Cushing;
An act to provide a pension for James K.
Welch;
An act for the relief of Henry J. Snow, of
Rome, in the Swite of New York;
An act for the relief of James M. Lewis;
An act for the relief of Charlotte S. Westcott;
Joint resolution directing the accounting officers
of the Treasury to adjust the account of William
Woodbury, late pension agent at Portland,
Maine;
An act for the relief of William H. Weirich;
and
An act making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters for the year ending June
30, 1855.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the Chair appoint two additional
members on the Committee on Enrolled Bills? It
becomes necessary, the Ch'air understands, on
account of the mass of business on hand.
No objection was made; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Sapp and Strattox such addi-
tional members on th$ Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
THE COLT PATENT CASE.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to what I suppose is
a privileged question. As chairman of the select
committee raised to investigate the influences
brought to operate upon members of Congress in
reference to the Colt case, and in reference to other
cases, I am now ready to report. I have a report
to make, signed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Eddy,] the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Uuffik,] and myself. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] and the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mi .Thurston*,] have ano'her
report; and the gentleman ?Yo-yi Tennessee [Mr.
Zolljcoi fesi] has another report; and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] still
another report. [Laughter.] The reports are
accompanied by the evidence taken before the
committee.
