536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The question was put; and the amendment
agreed to by the committee.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to amend, in the eighth
line of the section pending, by adding after the
following clause,
" And upon making the affidavit, as above required, and
filing the affidavit with the register, he or she shall there-
upon be permitted to euter the quantity of land already
specified."
the words:
—" upon paying one dollar per acre for the same."
Mr. Chairman, I look upon our public domain
as valuable, not merely on account of the money
for which we may sell it, but upon an entirely dif-
ferent ground. H is really valuable to u*s because
it is the safety-valve for the passions of the nation.
Not that I mean to say that the Republic needs
such a safety-valve at this moment,'or that it will
be needed to-morrow or the next day. But the
time is coming when we will need this, and every
other safety-valve.
Constituted as modem society now is, with its
intense wants, its intelligence, and its desires,
men who are in the humbler walks of life, upon
whom fortune has frowned, but who have, nev-
ertheless, a largf share of intelligence, constitute a
considerable portion of the social fabric, and they
are not satisfied to remain in their humble condition.
They will burst through the barriers of humble
birth and poverty—those twin-jailors of the aspir-
ing mind; and if they cannot have competency—
if they cannot have comfort in the midst of society,
they will have revolution. Why, look through
the civilized world. What do we see in Europe ?
There is not a country there where peace can be
preserved without standing armies. In France,
where imagination most predominates, and where
this feeling of a desire to rise is most vivid, they
cannot preserve peace without having Algiers as
a safety-valve upon which the warlike passion of
the nation can expend itself. With us, m this
country, our public domain, this vast wilderness
of the West, is the safety-valve of the nation; and
while I would not interpose any obstacles to that
wilderness being settled up, 1 by no means sym-
pathize with the policy that seeks to settle it up
too quickly by inviting emigration. I look with
no pleasure, i look with no hope, but rather flat
despair, upon the day when that vast wilderness
shail be settled up, when this teeming population,
which some gentlemen speak of with so much de-
light, shall fill up all the goiges of the Rocky I
Mountains, and stretch a sympathetic chain from
one ocean to the other; for, depend upon it, that
with that day comes the end of the Republic., and
anarchy and chaos.
While, therefore, I will not do anything: to pre-
vent the settlement of the western country,! can-
not go for such a measure as this, which invites
emigration from all quarters of the World to settle '
up this vast wilderness—too soon to bring upon us 1
all the evils of a vast population.
Mr. GREY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to
the amendment offeied by the gentleman from
South Carolina, for this reason: I hold that the
Government will be fully and valuably paid for
the lands by having an occupant with his family
on alternate sections of it for five years. Would
any man from the old States go to these lands in
the West, reside on, and cultivate them for five
years without a title, and without the means of
getting a title before the expiration of that time,
unless he was unable to obtain a home and inde-
pendent competency in the country wheie he was
raised, and to which he wos attached by the ties
of kindled and earliest associations?
Now, sir, I, for one, am not afnud that this
bill, giving the pitiful amount of one hundred and
sixty acres of western lands upon such terms, will
brim? all Europe to this country. The sixth sec-
tion of the bill has been overlooked, for it amply
guards against all reason for such apprehen-
sions. It provides that no man shall enjoy the
benefits of this bill who is not noit< a resident in
this country, and who shall not be a citizen of the
United States when he applies for a patent. It may,
and I hope will, induce many foreigners now res-
ident, many of them paupers, in our crowded
cities and commercial ports, to go West, build
their cabins, clear up the forests, and cultivate
those productive lands for five years, and, before
the patent is issued, they will, from so long an ag-
ricultural life, have become thoroughly American-
ized, and good citizens of the Republic—identified
in interest with, and attached to, our Government
and its institutions.
Why, sir, does the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Ethkridge] wish to pass an alien law, and
say that foreigners shall not come here, or does
he wish to compel them, when here, to remain in
the large cities as paupers and vagabonds, instead
of letting them go to the West, there to unite
with our hardy pioneers in settling up the wilder-
ness, and thus become Americanized, by adding
to the products, the exports and imports, and to
the commerce, wealth, and power of the nation ?
I ask gentlemen from the old States who are op-
posed to this measure, what they want to do with
the public lands? How do they wish to dispose
of them ? I ask my friend from Virginia in what
manner or how they desire to dispose of those
lands? !
All admit that the public domain belongs equally
and alike to every State in the Union, and that Con-
gress has the power, under the Constitution, to
dispose of them; but the new States claim that
they shall be donated exclusively to them for rail-
road and other purposes. Sir, can such an une-
qual and unjust demand be agreed to \>y members
in this House from the old States? Will you sell
the lands and divide the proceeds equally among
all the States? or will you divide the lands them-
selves equally between all? or will you give them
for railroads or education equally to each State
according to the ratio of Federal population ? Oh,
no; neither of these propositions will be agreed to.
Sir, we cannot stand still and let them be sold and
thus settled up; because the new States will, in a
very few years, have the strength to pass through
Congress a bill granting all Government lands to
the States m which they lie, and in that way the
old States will soon be robbed of all of their share.
It is difficult, yea, impossible, to shape any bill
on this subject free from all objections. But, by i
the one now before us, an opportunity is afforded
to citizens of the old States to obtain some small
portion of those lands, to acquire which they
have paid largely of their blood and treasure, and
have, also, paid proportionately for surveying
and bringing them into market. But, now, when
it is proposed, that in consideration of those ex-
penditures, any citizen of the old States shall, in
like manner with citizens of the new States, have
one hundred and sixty acres, if they will cultivate
it for five years, it is objected to, unless they will
pay one dollar per acre. Why, sir, the old States
have already paid for them, and for their survey-
ing, and never have shared in their distribution.
Sir, with the fact staring us in the face that the
new States will, in a very few years, vote through
Congress a lull giving to them all these lands, shall
we of the old States agree to stand dill—to sit here,
sir, and vote down every proposition which will
tend to benefit our constituents, because those
propositions are not perfect and free from all objec-
tions ?
Sir, I regard this homestead bill as antagonistic
to the claim from the new States that they ought
to,and will have all the lands donated exclusively
to them; and, for one, I will freely give the alter-
nate quarter sections to build up independent free-
holders in the shape of actual settlers upon, and
cultivators of the soil, for the consideration of a
five years' residence, greatly in preference to giving
them, without price, to railroad companies, mam-
moth corporations, and monopolists in the new
States, or to donating them without consideration
to the new States to the exclusion of the old.
The amendment was again read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. HENN. I wish to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture to the
following amendment, which I now present:
Strike fiom the following proviso the words " and have
not alienated ibe same, or any part thereof:"
w Provided, however, Th.it no eeitificato shall be given or
patent i-^ued theretor, until the expiration of five years
from the date of such entiy; and if, at the expiration of
such time, the person making ^ueh entrv, or, if he he dead,
his widow, or, m ca&e of her death, his heirs or devisee, or,
hi case of a widow making such entry, her heirs or devi-
see, in case of her death, shall prove by two credible wit-
ness that he, she, or they have continued to reside upon
and otiltivatesaid land, and stilt reside upon the same, and
have not alienated the same, or any part thereof, then, in
such case, be, Mie, or they shall be entitled to a patent, as
in other eases provided for by law.'-*
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
And shall make affidavit that he or she has not sold, or,
in any manner, directly or indirectly, disposed of said land,
or any interest he or she may or might have in the same.
Mr. HENN said: By the provisions of the bill
it is made the duty of the applicant to piove by
two disinterested witnesses that he has not alien-
ated the land entered by him. The question
whether he has alienated the same or not, is one
which lies within his own bosom, and which he
cannot proye. 1 am in favor of perfecting all the
details necessary to bring him within the provis-
ions of the bill. He cannot prove a negative. It
is a matter, as I said before, which lies within his
own bosom, and is left to his own affidavit, I
trust tnat the amendment may be adopted.
The amendment was again reported.
Mr. R.EADY. I propose to amend that amend-
ment. Insert m the seventeenth line, second section
after the word '' alienated,'' the words '' contracted
to alienate or mortgage," and insert in the sev-
enteenth line, after the word "thereof," "and
that the same was entered for his or her own set-
tlement, occupancy and cultivation, and not for
the use or benefit of any other person."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to
the gentleman from Tennessee that he had better
withhold his amendment until the vote is taken on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa, as the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee does not propose to be inserted in the
same place in the bill.
Mr. READY. It is in the same line.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the same line, but
does not affect the same place ill the bill. The
question is now on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Henn.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. READY. I now renew my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. READY. The section, if amended as I
propose, will read that he or she " has not alien-
ated or contracted to alienate, or mortgage the
same or any pait thereof, and that he enters the
same for his own use, occupation, and posses-
sion."
The object which I have in view in presenting
that amendment, is to protect this bill against the
dangers of speculation, as speculation will un-
doubtedly be attempted on a large sca'le if there
are not sufficient guards thrown around the bill.
Suppose this case—and it is certainly one which is
very likely to occur, if it be not guarded against:
The capitalist who is not entitled to enter lands,
; or who can only enter one hundred and sixty acres
t of land by occupying and settling on it, is desirous
i to secure a large amount of the public domain.
1 All that he would have to do, as this section now
! stands, would be to procure fifty, or a hundred,
i or, if you choose, a thousand men, and say to them,
" I will pay your expenses of transportation to
t the public "domain. I will build a cabin for you,
I in which you can live for five years, all of which
you will have free of charge, and I only ask of
you to give me your obligation that, at the end of
five years, when the ground is yours, you convey
j it to me."
j Is there anything in this bill, as it now stands,
j which would prevent such a practice as that? If
j there is not, then the amendment I propose will
; remedy the difficulty; for the settler must swear,
I or prove that he has not alienated, or contracted
| to alienate or mortgage the land, and that he has
entered for his own use, benefit, and occupation
I alone.
; Mow, sir, to illustrate this thing. I have been in-
j formed by gentlemen of intelligence and veracity,
that under the preemption laws of this country,
immense speculations have been practiced by this
very system to which I have alluded. The capi-
talist procures a hundred men, without capital,
to settle upon portions of the public domain. They
take possession of it, and claim the benefits to
which occupants are entitled in virtue of their
possession, when they intended, at the very time
of making the occupation, that the profits thereof
should inure to the benefit of the capitalists who
employed them to make such settlements. The
same practice, it isapprehended, will obtain under
this bill, unless the piovision which 1 propose, or
some similar one, is made. I think the amend-
ment I have proposed will carry out the intention of
