1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strnub,
David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Waish, Warren, We!l9, We^throok,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—104.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The question recurred upon Mr. Hibbard's
appeal.
Mr. SAGE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips
and Cui.lom were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
forty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
A Member. What is the question now before
the body ?
The SPEAKER. A motion was made that
the House adjourn over. The Chair entertained
that motion. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hibbard] contended that the motion
to adjourn over was not in order, and appealed
from the decision of the Chair entertaining that
motion. The question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
The roll was called; and the question was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 87, nays 98; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Ben-
ton, Campbell, Carpenter,Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Cut
ting, Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson,
Drum, Rdgerton, Thomas D. Rliof, Ellison, Etheridge, Ev-
erhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble. Giddings, Good-
rich, Grow, Aaron Harlan. Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Hastings, Haven, Hiester, Howe, Hughes, DanielT. Jones,
Kmredge, Knox, Letcher, Lmdsley, McCulloch, Mace,
Matteeon, Mayall, Meacham, Mtddlcswarth, Million. Mor
pan, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Prin-
gle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Russell,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit
Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L.Taylor,Thurston,
Tracy, Upham, Wade, Walley, ElUhu H. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, W«lls, John Wetuworth, Tappan Went-
worth, and Wheeler—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercronibie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barry, Bell, Booock, Boyce,
Brcckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Clias-
tam, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox,
Craige, Cummmir, John G. Davi*. Dawson, Disney, Dow-
dell, Dunbar, Kdmundhon, John i\l. Elliot, Engh.«.h, Faulk
ner, Florence, Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Samp-
son W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,
Hill, Hillyer, Ingersoll, J. Clancy Jones, Roland Jones,
Ktatt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurfz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lilly,
Macdonald, McDougall, McNair, John G. Miller, Smith
Miller, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Rid
die, Rowe, Rulfin, Shannon, Shaw, SlioWfer, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,George W. Smyth, Snod-
grass, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexan-
der fl. Stephens, Straub, D.ivi.d Stuart, John J. Tavlor,
Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbndge, Walker, Walsh, War-
ren, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck
B. Wright—ya.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Chair state
the next question ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I cali for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The roll was called; and the question was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 73^ nays 100; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs, Ball, Bennett, Benson, Benton, ('amp
bell, Carpenter,Chandler,Crocker, Ciillom, Curtis,Thomas
Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Edgerton, Ed-
tnands Thomas D. Ehor, Ethertdge, Everhart, Farley,
Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harbin, Andrew
J. Harlan. Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hiester, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones. Kittredge, Knox, Linds-
ley, Lyon, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Mavali, Meaeh-
ain, Middleswarth, Morgan, Munay, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pringle,
David Ritchie. Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sunmorw, Skelton,
Gerrit Smith, Andrew Stuart. John J>. Taylor, Tracy,
Upham, Wade. Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
and Wheeler—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barry,
Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridged, Caruthere,
Caskie, Chabtam, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb,
ColqutU, Cox. Craige, Cumming, Cutting, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney. Dowdell,Dunbar, Dunham. Edmund«on,
John M EHjou, English, Faulkner, Florence. Gamble,
Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W. Harris,'Wiley P.
Harris, fiendacks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Ingersoll, Ko
laud Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb, Latham, Letcher,
Macdnnnld, McDougall, McNair,Maxwell, John G Miller,
Smith Miller, MiUxon, Olda, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Puryear, Reese,
Richardson, Kiddle, Bobbins, Rowe, Ruffin, Shannon,
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. SmfWi, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Staii-
tou, Richard H.'Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton,
Straub, David Stuart, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbndge,
Walker, Walsh, Westbrook, VVitte, Daniel B. Wright,
Hendnck B. Wright, and ZoHicoffer—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
appeal taken from the decision of the Chair by
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.]
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
take a recess until seven o'clock this evening;.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that that motion
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
proposition of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sage) is not in order.
Several Members. State the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. GotyrmicH]
had a right to submit a motion that the House
excuse him from voting on the appeal taken from
the decision of the Chair. From this decision—
that the motion was in order—thegentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] takes an appeal;
and the question before the body is, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?"
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move now,
if it is in order, that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
motion is not m order until this appeal be dis-
posed of.
Mr. WASHBURN. From that decision of
the Chair I take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. A similarmotion has been
just voted down.
The SPEAKER. The proposition submitted
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] has
been voted down a few minutes since.
Mr. SAGE. I want to inquire from the Chair
if it is not in order to move to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 82, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball,Banks, Bennett, Benson, Kenton,
Campbell, Carpeitter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dean, I e Wilt, Dick, Dickinson, Ed-
gerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridge, Ever-
hart, Parley, Flagler, Puller, Gamble, Ciddmgs, Goodrich,
Grow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Haven,
Hiester, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T.Jones, Kittredge,
Knox, Lehrher, Lindiley, Lyon, McCulloch, Matteson,
Meacham,Middleswarth ,Millson,Morgan.Murray, Nichols.
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Bishop
Perkm*, Pringle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Salmi, Sage,
Sapp, SimtaonH, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Andrew Stuart,
Tracy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley, ftihhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wont-
worth, and Wheeler—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alien, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks
dale, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridge*, Brooks,
Caruthers,Caf-kie, Chas>tain,Chrismaii, Churchwell, ('l:\rk,
Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cumming, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham,
Edmundson, John M. Elliott, English, Florence, Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Harris, Hendricks, Ilenn, Hibbard. Hill, Hillyear, Inger-
soll, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kuitz, Lamb,
I.ane, Latham, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair, Maxwell,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Reese,
Richardson, Kiddle, Bobbins, ltogem, Rowe, KulFm,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyih,
Snodgra^, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Straub, David Stuart, Vansant,
Walbndge, Walker, Walsh, Wanen, Westbrook. Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zolheofter—
100.
So the decision of the Chair was o-verruled.
Mr. MORGON. I move that the House ad- |
journ; and upon that motion I call for the yeas j
and nays.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Matteson
and Keitt were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported forty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GOODRICH. I now move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn until Wednesday
next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the motion
out of order, under the decision just made by the
House.
The question was then put upon the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
68, nays 101; as follows:  
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas
D. Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Gid-
dings, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Haven,
Hioster, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, DanielT. Jones, Kittredge,
Knox, Liudsley, McCulloch, Matteson, Meacham, Mid-
dleswarth, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Per-
kins, Prinele, David Ritchie, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sim-
mons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Andrew Stuart,Tracy,Trout,
Upham, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, and
Wheeler—68.
NAYS—Messrs.Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis Al-
len, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale,
Barry, Pell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,Bridges, Brooks,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain,Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cumming, John-G.
Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Ed-
mundson, John M. Elliott, English, Florence, Fuller,Goode,
Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley p. Harris,
Hendrtcks, Henn, Hibbard, HiII,Houston, I ngersoll, George
W.Jones,J Glancy Jones, Roland Jones,Keitt, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kurtz. Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Macdonald, McDoujiall,
McNair, "Maxwell, John G. Miller, Sumh Miller. ()ld>,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Preston, Puryear, Ree«e, Richardson, Riddle, Bobbins,
Rowe, Ruffin, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, George
W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, David Stuart, Tweed, Vansant, Walbndge,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, Westbrook, Wme, Daniel B.
Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and ZollicolTer—101.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I move a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that mo-
tion out of order at this stage of the proceedings.
Mr. ELIOT. From that decision I respect-
fully take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
clined to entertain an appeal, as there is an appeal
already pending before the House.
This morning the rules of the House were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The committee rose, and reported to the
House a bill—the Nebraska bill—upon which the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, de-
manded the previous question. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] moved to suspend
the rules generally, for the purpose of introducing
a resolution. The Chair decided that motion out
of order. The Chair remarked' at the time that
the House was acting under a suspension of the
rules.
Gentlemen are aware that there area good many
privileged motions, nearly all of which have been
crowded upon the Chair in a very short space of
time,and inamanner well calculated to embarrass.
The Chair was inclined to think that the House
was then acting under a suspension of the rules,
and that it was not in order to suspend the rules
generally; and he also stated that a motion to sus-
pend the rules generally—which motion is allowed
only on Mondays—and a motion tp suspend the
rules fojr the purpose of going into the Committee
of the Whole, were of equal dignity, and that it
was the duty of the Chair to put them in the order
in which they were made.
Some gentlemen called the attention of the
'Chair to the fact that it was the habit of the House,
after the Committee of the Whole had reported a
bill, without acting upon that report, to suspend
the rules, and go back into committee. The Chair
then doubted the correctness of his original de-
cision; and but for the fact that the previous ques-
tion had been demanded, the Chair would have
reviewed his decision.
The Chair's decision, then, is, that during the
pendency of the demand for the previous ques-
tion, it is not in order to move to suspend the rules
for either purpose. The Chair is sustained in
that decision by his own practice, as it appears
upon the Journal. The Chair thinks this is a
rational and practical administration of the rules.
If it be remembered that upon the question of
seconding the demand for the previous question
the yeas and nays cannot be called, it will be seen
that it would require but a single vote to decide
whether the House will order the main question;
