1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
ton, George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, Trout,
Walbndge, Walker, Walsh, Wells, Daniel B. Wright, and
HendrickB. Wright—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Aikeri, Appleton, Banks, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Bliss, Bridges, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter,
Caskie, Chandler, Chrisman, Corwin, Craige, Crocker,
Curtis, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Edmands, Thomas
D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Everhart, Farley, Faulkner,
Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings,
Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hill,
Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T Jones, George
W. Jones, Knox, Linasley, McCulloch, McQueen, Mat-
teson, Maurice, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Nichoh, Par-
ker, Peck, Pennington, Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Ready,
Reese, David Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers, Rowe, Russell,
Sage, Seward, Shannon, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith,
William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walley,
Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentvvorth,
Wheeler, and Zollicoffer—92.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. PHELPS said: I desire to know whether
the vote granting the Committee of Ways and
Means leave to sitduring the sessions of the House
also included leave for the members of that com-
mittee to vote upon questions taken by yeas and
nays, at any time before the result is announced,
whether they were in the Hall when their names
were called or not ? It seems to me they should
be entitled to that privilege, otherwise they will be
deprived of the privilege of voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the members of a committee, under such cir-
cumstances, have the right to vote as the gentle-
man suggests. Such, in the recollection of the
Chair, has been the practice upon former occa-
sions. The Chair hopes that there will be no ob-
jection to the members of the Committee of YSTays
and Means being permitted to vote.
Mr. PHELPS. I have only raised the ques-
tion now, so that in future we might know what
our rights really are. •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
say that an y member of this House who is absent
from the Hail on any committee, by order of the
House, has the right of voting, and he has that
right whether his vote will change the result or
not.
Mr. IIENN. I made the motion the other day
by wiftich the members of that committee were
allowed to vote; and when it was adopted there
was no understanding that they should not vote,
if their votes would change the result. The un-
derstanding was that they should be allowed to
vote if they came into the Hall before the result
was announced.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bocock.)
The Chair so holds, and deems that to be the
proper and natural understanding.
Mr. JONES. Does the Chair decide that he
cannot vote in the case specified r
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the members of the Ways and Means
have the right to vote if they come into the Hall
before the result is announced.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HiBBARD. I desire to report back to the
House from the Committee of Ways and Means
the Senate amendment to the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. ORR. I would ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire whether this is not one of the
appropriation bills which it is necessary we should
pass to carry on the Government?
Mr. HIBBARD. It is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I shall object to all the
appropriation bills until the river and harbor bill
shall have been considered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Hibbard's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 93,
nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aik^n, Jamf s C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas If. Bayly, Banks, Barks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Bocock, Bridges, Caskie, Chastam,
Chrisman, Chuichwll, Clingman, Cobb, Craige, Curtis,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar,
Eddy, Edcerton, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, English,
Everhart, Faulkner, Florence, Fullei, Good#*,Greenwood,
Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hill, Hughes, Inger-
soll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham,
Lilly, McDougall, McMulhn, McQ.ueet , Macy, Maxwell,
Mtllson, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Oir, John Perkins,
Phelps,Phillip-*, Powell,Pratt,Riddle,Robbins,Rowe,Ruf-
fin,Shannon, Shaw, Singleton,Skelton,George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Straub, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vail,
Vansant, Walbrtdge, Walker, Walsh, Westbrook, Daniel
B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercromhief Appleton, Bennett, Ben-
son, CampbWI, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Cook,
Crocker, Cummtng, Dawson, Dick, Edmands, Thomas D.
Eliot, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Giddings, Good-
rich, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Howe, Hunt,
Kerr, Knox, Lmdsley, McCulloch, Matteson, Maurice,
John G. Miller, Morgan, Norton, Moidecai Oliver, Parker,
Peck, Peckhain, Preston, Pringle, David Ritchie, Rogers,
Russell, Sabtn, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons, Gerrit
Smith, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Upham, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B Wa^hburne, Israel
Washburn,Johu Wentworth,Tappan Wentworth,Wheeler,
and Zollicoffer—64.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
GILLTS's REPORT.
Mr" RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, almost two weeks
since, the House ordered the printing of seven
thousand five hundred and twenty copies of the
report of Lieutenant Gillis to be printed; but they
did not order it to be illustrated. Accompanying
itaresome valuable maps and plates; and in order
that they may be engraved and printed, to be in-
cluded in the work, for distribution to members at
the next session I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Engraving to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved. Thatthe Committee on Engraving be, and they
are hereby, authorized to contiact for the engraving, or
lithographing, and pnntingof the map* and plates accom-
panying the report of Lieutenant GtHis, so lately oidered
to be punted by the House of Representatives.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
DANIEL STEENROD.
Mr. KIDWELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and consider House
bill No. 182, "An act for the relief of Daniel
Steenrod." This bill passed the House a few
days since, and went to the Senate, where it was
passed, with a few unimportant amendments. I
feel great interest in its passage, and I hope there
will be no objection to taking it up and considering
it at this time.
There being ho objection, the bill was then
taken up and read, as follows:
That the petition of Daniel Steenrod, with the accompa-
nying documents and depositions, be referred to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, and he i*> hereby authorized
to appoint a commissioner to take evidence in the city of
Wheeling or elsewhere, and ascertain and report what is
justly and equitably due the ^aid petitioner therein ; and if
such report is approved by the said Comptroller, the Secre-
tary ofthe Treasury is authorized to direct to pay such hum
of money out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided further, Thai said commissioner
shall be selected out of any such persons now in the em-
ployment of the Government, for which services no extra
compensation shall be paid.
First amendment:
After the word "the," where it first occurs, strikeout
the words 4k First Comptroller of the Troasmy, and the,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words, " Secretary of War,
who."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
After the word " to," where it first occurs in the same
line, strike out the words, " appoint a commissioner to take
evidence in the city of Wheeling and elsewhere, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
In line nine, after the word " ascertain," strike out the
words u and report."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
After the word " and " strike out all to the word to, in-
cluding the word k< direct," in the twelfth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
In line thirteen, before the word "out," strike out the
words "of money," and insert m lieu thereof the words,
" as may be found due."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
After the word " appropriate" strike out all to the end of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
CHARGES AGAINST HON. T. H. BAYLY.
Mr. WALLEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by-the select committee
upon the charges preferred against the Hon.
Thomas H. Bayly, to report in part from that
committee, and I move that the report be laid
upon the table, and printed. I offer a resolution
with reference to the payment of a clerk, similar
tcr those reported by tne other investigating com-
mittees.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask that the report may be
read.
[Cries of " Oh, no !"]
Mr. BAYLY. It is a question of privilege,
and I insist upon it.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Reiolved, That the committee appointed by the House
to investigate charges preferred against the Hon. Thomas
H. Bayly be authorized to employ a clerk, from the*2lst
ultimo; and that the committee be authorized to audit his
bill.
The question was put; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. WALLEY. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] desires to have the report read. It
is a very short one, and I hope his desire may be
gratified.
Mr. BAYLY. I insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that there
will be no objection made.
Mr. BAYLY. It is a question of privilege;
and I insist upon the report being read.
The report was accordingly read, as follows:
House of Representatives, August 3, 1854.
The select committee appointed by the resolution of the
House of Representatives of 21st July, 1854, to investigate
the charges preferred by Ben E. Green against the Hon.
Thomas H. Bayly, ask leave to submit the following re-
port :
The committee have diligently attended to the duty im-
posed on them by the passage of this resolution, but have
been unable to arrive, at such a result as will enable them
to report in full at this time.
The complainant having made oath to the charges as pre-
ferred, proceeded to adduce testimony in support ofthe first
charge, and offered record and documentary evidence in
support of the second charge and specifications.
The evidence was not all submitted until after the ad-
journment of the House on the 2d instant; and the com-
plainant submitted his argument this day. Mr. Bayly
offered an affidavit, stating what he could prove by certain
witnesses, but rested his case upon the testimony of the
complainant, without calling any witnesses, or submitting
any argument.
Under these circumstances, it must be obvious that the
committee cannot, by possibility, report in full at the pres-
ent session. They, however, are satisfied that the^ com-
plainant failed entirely to establish the first charge. In
relation to the remaining charge, they express no opinion,
inasmuch as the complainant relies (mainly, if not entirely)
upon record and documentary evidence, which your com-
mittee have had no opportunity of examining, or even read-
ing.
Your committee therefore report all the evidence which
has been submitted to them, and reserve to themselves the
privilege of reporting m full at a future day.
All which is respectfuiy submitted.
For the committee :
SMITH MILLER, )
JACOB SHOWER, f
SAMUEL H. WALLEY, Committee.
H- H. JOHNSON,
SJON H. ROGERS, j
The report was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged motion. I
believe that the motion to suspend the rulf s to allow
the committee to report back the Post Office bill
has not been agreed to.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ORR. Well, I move now to-reconsider
the vote by which that bill was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means; and on that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And I move to lay that
motion on the table, unless the gentleman will
agree to take up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. ORR. And if the gentleman will consent
to take up the homestead bill, he can get up the
river and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER. This is not a debatable
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask if there
is not an appropriation made in that Post Office
bill?
Mr. ORR. I do not know whether there is or
not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A motion has
been made here to suspend the rules to take up
the land bill. It does seem to me that those who
have charge of the bill, the friends of the meas-
ure, should be satisfied with the action of the
