538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
with its full title shall be null and void; so that
capitalists and speculators, if they enter into"these
agreements, shall have to enter into them wholly
relying on the good faith of the party owning the
land, at the same time that the law arms him with
the means of defending himself, if he chooses to
avail himself of it. It seems that that is the full
extentto which this committee cango;and, in my
opinion, that is an extent to which the friends of
the bill ought to be willing to go.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 do not propose to
occupy the time of the committee; but in answer
to the gentleman from Alabama, I shall ask the
- Clerk to read the fifth section of the bill, it is a
complete answer to the gentleman's argument.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
" Sec. 5- Ji-nd be it further enacted, That if, at any time
after filing iho affidavit as required m the second m*cuou of
this aei, and hofoie the expiration of the five years? afore-
said, u shall he proven, alter due notice to the settler, to
the saiifclacuon of the register ot the land othce, that the
person having tiled mi eh affidavit t-hall have actually
changed hid or her residence, or abandoned the said entiy
for more than six months at any one tune, then, and in that,
event, the land so entered shall levert hack to the Govern-
ment, and be disposed <>f other public lands an« now by
law, subject to un appeal to thti General Land Office."
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. SMITH colled for tellers.
Tellers were ordered and Messrs. Haven and
Lii.lt were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noes 55.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is with-
out a quorum.
Mr. "WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting, the
Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. DEAN. Let there be another count by
tellfc&s.
The Clerk then proceeded to cull the roll, and,
the same having been finished, the committee rose,
and Mr. Orr taking the chair, as Speaker pro tem-
pore, the Chairman of the committee [Mr. Olds]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state ot the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera- {
tion,and, especially House bill No. 37; and having 1
found itself without a quoium, had ordered the j
roll to be called, and directed him to report the I
facts to the House, with the names of the absen- j
tees; which were as follows: j
Me«sr->. Abercrotnhie, .lames 0. Allen, David J. Bailey, ]
Thomas II. Ba\ly, Bell, iih-s, (Joyce, Breckinridge, Hugg, }
Campbell, Caiutheis, Clue-u, ('hrisnmn, Churehwel!, Oul- !
loin, CuMi-j, Dent, Dunham, Kddy, Eduerton, Ethendee, !
Fenton, Flajjlei, Goode, Aaron Italian, Sampson VV. liar- J
)is, Hillyer, Houston, Howe, Daniel 'J'. Jones, Kutredge, i
Laiti.nn, Lutehcr, Lnulhy, Lyon, MoDougiill, MeMulIm, I
MeN'air, McUneen, Mam ice. i\1 ,ix well, Me, ichani, Morgan, 1
Mmrav, Packet, Paikt i, Peck, remington, Bi-hop Per )
jktns Itee-M', Uichard^ou, Thomas Ruehey, Rohbin-, Scud- j
<l«*r, Skelton, William 11 Smith, Snodgia «, Alexander H. j
Stephens. Stiaub, Waihrulge, Walker, Walley, Walsh, ,
Warten, Wells, Wnte, and Daniel B. Wright. j
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum now !
being present the Chairman will resume his seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon the amendment ofFeied by the gentleman
fiorn Virginia, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose the following
amendment to the amendment 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. When the committee found itself without
a quorum they were dividing upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith.] i submit to the Chair, as a point of order,
that when the committee is in the act of dividing
no member has a right to stop the division and of-
fer an amendment. He has no right to interrupt
the vote at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and holds that a vote without a
quorum is no vote. The parliamentary practice
has been such, that even upon a call of the yeas
and nays, after one side only had voted, it is in
order to interrupt the call and offer an amend-
ment. After that the vote is taken over again.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That has not been the
practice here.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having voted,
the question stands as though no vote had been
taken, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] is in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am a friend of this bill, 1
and therefore desire to see itconsistent with itself.
The last amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has been adopted, and I think
very properly 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman send up the amendment he proposes?
Mr. HENDRICKS. My amendment is to
strike out the words "and with his or her family."
The CHAIRMAN. The words which the
gentleman proposes to strike out have been adopt-
ed as an amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then my amendment is
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] and upon that the committee, upon
voting, found itself without a quorum.
Mr. HENDRICKS, it is to that amendment
to which I offer my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to strike out words from the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Virginia, or out of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, (Mr. Bridges?]
Mr. HENDRICKS, From the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is then
in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Bridges ] I think it was right. The com-
mittee have decided to extend the benefits of the
provisions of this bill to two classes of persons.
First, to those who are the heads of families; and
second, to all persons over the age of twenty-one
years. The first section of the bill was amended
to that effect, and the second section was made to
conform to it, so as to make a party swear either
that he is the head of a family, or is over the age
of twenty-one years.
Now the amendment of the gentleman from j
Virginia proposes that the party shall swear that ;
he intends to reside upon the land, wiih his or her j
family, if that is so, sir, then persons who have I
no families, and yet are over twenty-one years of |
age, cannot have the benefits of this bill. The i
effect of the amendment, as I understand it,is, j
that the party shall make oath that he intends to ;
reside upon the land with his or her family. Now j
a person over twenty-one yeats of age, and with- I
out a family—and such persons the amendments j
heretofore adopted propose to embrace—cannot ,
avail themselves of the provisions of this bill if j
the gentleman's proposition he adopted. The ■
effect of that amendment will be to restrict the ap- !
plication of the bill to persons who are heads of '
families. Now that is directly m opposition to 1
the tenor and intent of the amendments already 1
adopted. If I am mistaken as to the amendment,
the gentleman from Vngmia will correct me.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman misapprehends
my amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be read.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
"And with his or hoc family intend-, actually to occupy
the same."
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman will perceive
that my amendment has direct reference to the
part of the .section which piecedes it, and with
which it has immediate connection. If adopted,
the section will read:
" That the p"r-on applying foi the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to ihe register ol tlx* laud office in which
lie or she ic about to make such entry, make affidavit he-
tore the said (cgi-ter that lie m she la the head of a family,
and with his or her family intends actually to occupy the
baine."1''
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I objectto.
The gentleman overlooks the fact that the com-
mittee have already amended that part of the sec-
tion, by inserting after the word "family " the
words li or twenty-one years of age." The gen-
tleman's amendment, if adopted, will come in after
that, and create an inconsistency. I would have
voted for his amendment before the committee
made the amendment to extend the provisions to
persons over twenty years of age. I did riot sup-
port that amendment. But it has been adopted;
and the gentleman's proposition now proposes to
lestrict the provisions of the bill, and make it, by
inference, what it was before thatamendment was
adopted. That would create an inconsistency,
and therefore 1 am opposed to it.
Mr. SM1TPL I will say, Mr. Chairman, that
this section reads as follows:
"That the person applying for the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to the register of the land office in which
he or she is about to make, such entry, make affidavit be-
fore the !>aid register that he or she is the head of a family."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On my motion this
morning, that was amended by adding thereto
the words " or twenty-one years of age."
Mr. SMITH. Then, if necessary, my amend-
ment may be modified, so as to apply it only to
those who are the heads of families; though i do
not think it necessary to alter it, as evidently,
from the context, it would only apply to that class
of persons, to be benefited by the provisions of
the bill, includedin the words " head of a family.''
The idea of my amendment is, that a person
who is the head of a family, and intends to avail
himself of the provisions of this bill, shall make
an affidavit that he is such, and intends, with his
or her family, actually to occupy the land which
he shall locate under this bill. For I would not
allow a man, who has a wife and children, to go
and locate lands and leave them at home, to the
destruction of all social relations and the domes-
tic happiness of the parties—instances of which
we have seen too often in relation to those who
have gone to California.
My purpose is to carry out the provisions of
this bill in good faith. I you want the western
country settled by the operation of this bill, you
wilt provide that the man who has a wife and
family, and wishes to avail himself of the advant-
ages of it, must take his wife and children with
him. That is the object of my amendment, and
the purpose I seek to secure. I think it ought to
be secured. The amendment may require some
modification, in consequence of the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones;] but
undoubtedly the principle of the amendment which
I offer is sound and correct in it self. I cannotsay,
without examination, that it needs modification;
but still it is a question of mere verbiage, and the
modification can be made so as to make the matter
all harmonious and proper.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Hendricks to the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] upon which tellers
have been ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Virginia will conflict with the
] amendment adopted in the first section of the bill,
: which extends its privileges to individuals over
1 twenty-one years of age.
I Mr. SMITH. It seems to me that it does not
1 conflict with it in the slightest degree.
I Mr. DAWSON. I think it does.
| Messrs. Matteson and Chamberlain were ap-
! pointed tellers.
1 The question was then taken; and the tellers
i reported—ayes 33, noes Go; no quorum voting.
I The CHAIRMAN. No quorum has voted, and
! the roll will be called.
j The roil was then called. The committee rose;
I and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
j Chairman [Mr. Olds] reported that the Commit-
j tee of the Whole on the state of the (Jmon had,
' according to order, had the Union generally under
! consideration, and especially House bill No. 37,
land having found itself without a quorum, had
| caused the roil to be called, and had directed him
, to report the facts, with the names of the absen-
| tees, to the House. The absentees were as fol-
| lows:
[ Messrs. Ahercromhie, Aiken, James C. Allen, A«he,
, David J. Bailey, Ball, Hell, Benson, Bliss, Boyce, Brooks,
! Carpenter, Cha«e, Churehwell, Crocker, Cullorn, Curtis,
1 Dent, Disney, Durham, Eddy, Edimmdson, Elliott, Eng-
! lish, Ethendge, Fenton, Fiaeler, Fiankhn, Fuller, Giddmgs,
[ Goode, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Hillyer, Houston, Howe, Hushes, Keitt, Kittredge,
! Latham, Letcher, Lmds-ley, Lvon, McDongall, McMulhn,
I McTCuir, Maurice, Meacham, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
1 Packer, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins John
; Peikins, Richardson, Thomas Ititchev, Simmons, Skelton,
' Snodgiass, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander FI Stephens,
Straub, Andrew Stuart, Upharn, Vail, Wade, Walker,
Walley, Wah'i, Warren, Klhhu B. Washimrne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentvvorth, Witte, and Zolli-
coffer.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee again resumed its session,
Mr. GREENWOOD. My object in rising is
to make an inquiry of the Chair. The committee
having found itself without a quorum, the ioil was
i called, and as soon as the Chairman of the com-
