1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
motion; and the tellers reported less than a quo-
rum voiinar.
Mr. PRESTON. I move that the House take
a recess until eight o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that there be
a call of the House,
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order, but
the motion to adjourn must take precedence.
Mr. COBB, i ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn. Let us take the yeas and
nays, and by that time a quorum will be present.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tel-
lers upon that motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The motion to adjourn is always in order,
and i believe a motion to fix the time of adjourn-
ment takes precedence of that motion, i move
that when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet
at eight o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. There is no rule which will
authorize the motion to adjourn to a particular
hour to be made at all.
Mr. PRESTON. I then move to suspend the
rules to permit me to make that motion.
The SPE A KER. The House is already acting
under a suspension of the rules, the House having
suspended the rules to enable the gentleman from
Indiana to report certain bills. That business had
not been disposed of when the House found itself
without a quorum. The question now is upon
the motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As several commit-
tees of conferenceare now absent from the House,
if it is the unanimous consent of the House that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock, I will
withdraw the motion that there be a call of the
H ouse,and substitute that motion.
Mi*. McDOUGALL. 1 object to the motion
for a recess.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLTN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, so that { ma^ move to sus-
pend the rules in order that the House may take
a recess.
Mr. PRINGLE. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Unless there was
unanimous consent to taking a recess, I did not
withdraw the motion that there be a call of the
House. And on that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Tennessee, and Breckinridge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the House refused j
to order a call of the House, the tellers having
reported—ayes 28, noes 9(>.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill to incorporate the National Hotel Com-
pany.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make a
short statement m regard to this bill before a re-
count is had. I will not occupy the time of the
House five minutes. This is a Senate bill to in-
corporate a company in the city of Washington
for the purpose of building a hotel. It was re-
ferred, some four months ago, to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and the committee
unanimously agreed to report it with an amend-
ment introducing the individual liability clause.!
It is a bill in which I have no earthly interest. It!
is drawn up in the usual form of bills of incorpo- !
ration, and it expressly provides that this com-:
pany shall not engage in banking, or the issue of i
any bills in the shape of money for circulation,
The amendment of the committee, to which I de- i
sire to call the attention of the House, and which, ;
I think, will prove satisfactory to the House, in-
troduces theindividuulhabihty clause. The stock-
holders of this company are individually liable in
their own individual capacity for all the debts of
the company in whatsoever manner they shall be
contracted. And, further, Congress reserves the
right to repeal, alter, modify, or change this char-
ter at pleasure. I think that is sufficient to war-
rant the passage of this bill, knowing, as I do,
that members desire a good hotel in Washington
where they can get something good, clean, and
nice to eat.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I desire briefly
to give my reasons for opposing this bill. lam
satisfied that special legislation is generally wron£,
although, perhaps, there may be an exception in
this case, although I doubt it very much. This
bill merely amounts to this: that we are going to
build a palace hotel where rich members of Con-
gress and rich men who come here can stop, and
pay three dollars a day. By establishing a hotel
of this kind, you will break down all the other
hotels.
[Cries of u They ought to be broken down !"]
Mr. JONES. I do not know whether I am in
order or not; but 1 hope the House will indulge
me.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understand from
the gentleman who reported the bill, that there is a
provision in it that no member of Congress shall
bite charged more than his daily pay. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I look upon this question m a
practical light. I do not intend, however, that it
shall affect my pocket at all, for the hotel will not
be bullr until I am at home, where I ought to be.
[Laughter.] I know that the effect of sending
splendid steamers and floating palaces across the
Atlantic to Europe is to drive off ail competition.
U is the same with these grand hotels. I know
—and I think that the common sense of e%ery
member of the House will bear me out in the
opinion—that if we encourage the building of a
palace in Washington, as large as this one is to
be, we drive away all competition. (Laughter,
and cries of " That is what we want!"]
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. JONES call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 45.
Mr. MoNAlR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
demanded upon the passage of this bill, and they
were refused by the House, no quorum appearing
in the House. The Speaker counted, and there
was no quorum. In fairness, the Chair believes
the call for the yeas and nays to be in order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE-
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that they had concurred in the re-
port of the committee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill
authorizing the extension of the Alexandria rail-
road into the District of Columbia.
UNITED STATES ARMORIES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retaiyofWar; which was read, as follows: I
War Department, Washington, Jhtguit 3, 1854. j
Sir: I have tine honor to Mibmit thu inclosed p.'ipers in j
reply to the resolution of the House of Representatives of |
the 31 >t ultimo, requiting information in leiation to the [
application bv either of the commissioners who visited i
Springfield armory und^r the act of March 3,1853, for the '
office ofsupcuntendeiH of either of the national armories, j
or any recommendation by either of said coninnsHonets ;
for the appointment of any other person to that office; j
also, iri relation to any application by or in behalf of any of
the witnesses from Harper's Ferry or Springfield, who
testified before the select committee of the House, to whom
was referred the question of the expediency of employing
military officers for the supervision of said works, for any
officers in either of said armories, or any recommendation
of either of said witnesses for any such office; a!*o, m
relation to any application by either of the members! of said
select committee, m their own behalf or in behalf of any
other person or persons, for the appointment to any office j
connected with the prosecution of any of the various public
works which are the subject ofmquiiv bv said committee, j
From these papers it appears, that of the four civil com- '
mi-isjoiiers who visited Springfield, one is a. candidate for ;
the supermtendency of that armory, being lecomtnended by
the other three tor that post; and that one of the latter has ,
been recommended for the supermtendencv of Harper's i
Ferrv armory; of thf- nine witne^e?. trom Harper's Ferry ■
and Springfield, who testified before the select committee, ;
th it three were candidates lor the office of superintendent, j
and two for offices in said armories. Of the select commit- ;
tee, that the chairman was an applicant for the office of j
Commissioner of Public Buildings when it included the '
supervision of the Capuol extension—a work referred to in
the res-' lufion—and that one of ihe .members has recom-
mended persons for office in the Harper's Ferry armory.
Very respectfully, yours,
JEFF DAVIS, Secretary of War. ^
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the commu-
nication be laid upon the table and printed.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. By unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, reported back, with a recommendation t¥feit it
do pass, Senate bill (No. 16) "to suppress the
circulation of small notes, as currency, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read. the
first and second time by their titles, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of* the Union,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the condemnation of land, &c., for the
Washington aqueduct;
An act allowing the Metropolitan railroad to
extend into the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; and
An act authorizing the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask leave of the House to present three or four
Reports from the Committee on Commerce, some
of which I should like to have pufcupon their pas-
sage, and the rest to be referred; hut if the House
should order them all to be referred, I shall be
content.
Leave was granted.
PROLONGATION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 suppose that
every gentleman upon this floor is satisfied that
we cannot get through with our business by to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock. I have a resolution
proposing to extend the time until Monday next,
at twelve o'clock, m.
[Loud cries of " No !" t( No!'']
Mr. WENTWORTH then reported back, from
^the Committee on Commerce, the following Senate
bills and resolution; which were referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed:
An act for the relief of Thomas Butler;
An act for the relief of the West Feliciana and
Geoigta Railroad and Banking Companies; and
Joint resolution for the relief of Charles W.
Morgan, William R. Rodman, and Edward Me-
nan.
PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now propose to re-
port, and have put upon its passage, the bill of the
Senate (No. 219) constituting Cairo, in the State
of Illinois, a port of delivery.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. HENN. Do I understand the intention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to be to put
that bill upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman so stated.
Mr. HENN. I object to any bill being put
upon its passage, unless the gentleman will also
move to dischaige the Committee of the Whole
from the first bill reported by the Committee on
Commerce, and also put that upon its passage. I
will not consent that one bill reported by that com-
mittee shall take precedence of another in the ac-
tion of the House upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts stated distinctly when he asked leave
to make a report, that his purpose was to put some
of the bills upon their passage.
Mr. HENN. If it is too late to object, I move
to amend the bill by what I send to the Clerk's
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will not embairass the passage of this bill. It is
merely to constitute Cairo a port of delivery.
There can be no objection to it.
Mr. HENN. 1 presume there will be no ob-
jection to my amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. But if the bill is amend-
ed it must go back to the Senate, and the whole
will be lost,
