1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
mittee had reported to the House, the committee
again resumed its session. Now, 1 desire to know
what steps are necessary in order to have the list
of absentees called ?
The CHAIRMAN". That is a matter entirely
within the province of the House to determine.
The committee having: found itself without a quo-
rum, the rules of the House required that the roll
should be called. That was done, and a quorum
having answered to their names, nothing further
can be done in committee.
The question is now upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia, upon which tellers
have been ordered.
Mr.'SAGE. Is it in order to move that the
committee do now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in order.
Mr. SAGE. I submit it.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 32, noes 62; no quorum voting.
Mr. HENN. 1 demand tellers upon the mo-
tion.
Telleis were ordered;and Messrs. Westbrook
and Campbell were appointed.
The quesiion was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 80.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question again recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Smith's amendment, upon which tellers
had been ordered.
Messrs. Westbrook and Camtbell were again
appointed as tellers.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes G8.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. BRIDGES. I now offer my amendment
as an independent proposition. It is as follows:
after the word lt family,*' in the fifth line, add:
And thiU such application is made for Iih or her exclu-
sive u e and benefit, and tho^e specially mentioned in this
act, and riot either directly or indirectly lor the u>e or ben-
efit of any other person or peisons whomsoever.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection to that.
The question was taken, and the amendment
-was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. Is there any
amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN". There is not.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then 1 move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. DAWSON. It must be read through first.
The CHA.IRMAN. The motion is not m or-
der.
Mr-r SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose that it
•would he m order to move to strike out all the
sections of the bill except the last.
Mr. DAWSON. That is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. Why not?
The CHAIRMAN. No section of the bill is
now under consideiation except the second sec-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. Well, then I will submit an
amendment. Would it be in order to discuss the
constitutional question on a motion to strike out
the second section ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, no.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman would have a right to show reasons
why the second section should be stricken out; and
if thereare constitutional objections to that section,
he would have a right to urge them, but his re-
maiks would have to be confined strictly to the
provisions of that section.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And it does not
give any land.
Mr. SMITH. I move to strike out the second
section of the bill.
Mr. HENN. Is that in order before the sec-
tion has been perfected?
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to perfect the
section would take precedence of the motion to
strike it ouf.
Mr. HENN. I have an amendment to offer
with a view of perfecting the section.
Mr. SMITH. There was no amendment pend-
ing when I made my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Before the question is
taken on the motion to strike out, it is in order to
amend the section.
Mr. HENN. I renew the amendment, which
I offered a short time since, to strike from the sec-
ond section the woids "and have not alienated
the same, or any part thereof." I do not propose
to insert anything in their stead.
I wish to state, that the bill, as it now stands,
requires two witnesses to swear to the fact that the
applicant has not alienated the land. In other
worus, it requires them to do what they cannot
do—what no man in the world can do—to swear
to a fact that they have no knowledge of in the
world. 1 wish to do away with a legislative ab-
surdity, if I may so call it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to insert in
the second section, after the word " witnesses,"
the following:
1 n the district court of the United States for the district
in winch such land shall be, upon tea days' notice to the
United States district attorney, whose duty it shall be to
attend and cross-examine said witnesses.
I shall be glad to obtain the attention of the
committee on this subject for five minutes, at any
rate. The proviso to the second section is as fol-
lows:
" Provided, however, That no certificate shall be given, or
patent issued theretor, until the evpiration of five >ears
l Iron) the date ot srueh entry; ami if, at the cxpuation of
I such tune, the person making such entry, or, it he be dead,
| his widow, or, in ca-^e of her death, his heirs or devisee,
or, in case ot a widow making 5?uch entry, her heir.- oi
dovis.ee, m ease of htr death, shall prove by two credible
witnesses that he, she, or they have conlinued to reside
upon and cultivate said land, and still reside upon tne same,
and have not alienated tne >mne, or any part thereof, tlu n,
in such case, he, she, or they shall he entitled to a patent,
as m other casts provided lor by law."
The committee will observe that the purpose is
| to perfect the title on conditions here stated. The
i applicants are to prove, by two credible witnesses,
' the fact that they have come withm the require-
' merits of the bill. How are they to prove it?
I Why,sir, by introducing these witnesses before—
jwhom? Into the land oifice before a person not
j accustomed to the solemn form of judicial pro-
i ceeding. Now I propose to provide ior this; and
as the CJnited States have a very great interest in
! the question, I propose that when theperson comes
i to demand his patent it shall be on certificate of
i the court of record that the two witnesses, on
! notice to the district attorney, wentinto that court
j—the district court where the land is—and, on
cross-examination, proved the possession of the
property in accordance with the requirements of
this bill. The question is, shall this precaution—
I believe the only one intioduced to protect this
! great measure—be introduced into this bill, and
] thus secure, under the supervision of the oiHcer, 1
1 with proper jurisdiction, the granting of the title?
i The certificate of the couit would give all credit j
| to such proof at the land office, and the officer
; there would be exempted from all trouble of ex- ;
1 animation. The patent is to issue, as a matter of
I course, upon the seal which shall be presented to
him. I think the amendment ought to beadopted,
I and I trust that it will.
! The question was taken, and the amendment
I was disagreed to.
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, if
j there be no other proposition to amend the second
; section, I propose to strike out that second sec-
; tion of the bill.
Mr. READY. I offer thefbllowingamendment.
Add the following proviso to the second section:
And provided further, That in case of the death of the
enter* r before tlie completion of five vearsi continuous
pOf&esMon of his quarter section of land i>y him or her, and
leaving no wite or husband, and no child or children, said
land shall he subject to he deposed of by the Government
of ihe United States as other public land.
Several Members. "Question !" " Question !"
Mr. READY. Mr. Chairman, as a friend of
this bill, I desire that it be made as perfect as pos-
sible. i should not have troubled this conmutiee
with any amendment if 1 did not really beiieve it
to be promotive of the objects which the friends of
the measure have m view. Under the first pro-
vision of the second section, if the person, if he
be a male, who enters this land die before five
years have expired, leaving a widow the land goes
to her. If she die then it goes to the children of
the husband, if he shall have left children, and if
he shall have left none, then it goes to the children
of the widow, if she shall have left any. If, how-
ever, neither of them have left children then the
benefit of the possession shall go to their heirs or
devisees.
Now, under that provision it is obvious, that in
case of the death of the husband and his wife with-
out leaving children, then collateral relations come
in. All these persons who stand in a degree near ;
enough to be regarded as heirs will, under this
law, be entitled to the benefit of the possession—
nephews and nieces, for instance. Nor is it the
intention, is it tbedesire,of this committee, to pro-
vide that the collateral relations of the enterer shall
have the benefit of this law. It seems to me that
that would be extending the provisions of the bill
further than is proper. I think it would be carry-
1 ing out the principles of this bill quite enough to
! secure the benefits of the bill to the enterer, or his
widow, or, in case of the death of both of them, to
their children. If they both die without children
then those who have no claim upon them, except ^
that they are related in the second or third degree
to the enterer, should not come in and have the
benefit of the land. In that case I think it right
that the lands should revert to the Government or,
in other words, that the Government should still
continue to hold the title, from which it had never
parted, and dispose of the land as of other public
lands.
Several Members. " Question !" "Question !"
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Ready was not agreed to.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Chairman, I offer the follow-
ing amendment. After the word "law," in the
nineteenth line, add,
And provided fuiiher, That at any lime after the expi-
1 ration of six months from the date of such entry, the person
■ who would be entitled to a patent, if the «atd term ot five
! years were then expued, may pay to the United States the
sum of >?! 2.) per aeie,and tbeieupon shall be entitled to a
{ patent for said lands. .
! The spirit of this amendment is similar to that
; of one introduced this morning by the gentleman
I from Indiana. I deem it a very important amend-
ment to this bill.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
. is unnecessary. He can do it now under the gen-
eral law. An individual now has the right to go
1 and enter land and pay the money, and this bill
; does not prevent his ifoing it.
| Mr. SAGE. If the suggestion of the gentle-
| man from -Tennessee is right, of course my
amendment is unnecessary. The object I had in
1 view was to protect families who might locate
upon the public lands, under the provisions of this
| bill, and make improvements thereon; and when,
from the death of the head of the family, or for
: some other cause, the family might desire to go
back to their former home, I desired to make a
provision whereby they might not lose, in such
cases, the whole of their improvements. If the
preemption law already covers this case, I cheer-
fully withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is with-
drawn.
The question now recurs upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] to
strike out the second section of the bill.
I Mr. MATTESON. I move to amend the
I second section by inserting after the word "have,"
j in the sixteenth Sine, the words " or has," and in
the seventeenth line strike out the word " alien-
ated,"and insert m lieu thereof the words con-
tracted to sell or dispose of," so that the section
shall read:
" Shall piove by two credible witnesses that he, she, or
they have continued to reside upon and cultivate said land,
' and still reside upon the same, and have or has not con-
1 tracted to sell or dispose ot the same, or any part thereof;
then in such case, he, she. or they shall be entitled to a
patent, as in other cases provided for by law."
The object of the amendment is to make .the
section more correct in phraseology. The words
(< or has" conforms the language to that which
precedes it. The term "alienated" strictly ap-
plies only to cases where the individuals have the
; title. In these cases they have not, but aie to
have the title only upon certain specified condi-
tions. There is no such thing as alienating land
which one does not own.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This whole bill, as
I learned the other day, to my surprise, turns,
upon the construction to be given to a particular
provision of the Constitution, to which I will call
the attention of the honorable chairman of the
committee who reported this bill, and the atten-
tion of this committee.
Mr, DAWSON. Does the gentleman submit
an amendment?
