2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have not yielded
the floor. I move the previous question upon the
.passage of Ehe bill.
Mr. HENN. I think I have the floor legiti-
mately, and have indicated my purpose to offer
an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did recognize the
gentleman from Iowa, because he supposed the
gentleman from Massachusetts had yielded the
floor altogether. Ifthegenileman, however,claims
the floor for the purpose of moving the previous
question, the Chair will decide that he is entitled
to if.
Mr. HENN. I claim the right to object to the
bill. I did object distinctly before the title had
been read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question presented by the gentleman from Iowa,
upbn the ground that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts twice distinctly stated that he had two
bills which he desired to put upon their passage,
and several others which he wished to have re-
ferred .
Mr. HENN. Well, sir, I will withdraw all
objection, and allow the bill to pass without op-
position from me. >
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH,from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back Senate bill No. 200,
constituting San Pedro, in the State of California,
a port of entry and delivery; which was ordered
to a third reading, and was accordingly read a
third time, and#passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
know something of thp character of these bills.
Mr. WENTWORTH. They are drawn up
in the usual form, and are recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury as necessary to the
wants of commerce.
Mr. WENTWORTH, from theCommittee on
Commerce, reported back a bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, as follows, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
An act to provide for the establishment of a
marine hospital at Shreveport, in the State of
Louisiana, and Galena, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. MAXWELL. There is a bill which thar
chairman of the Committee on Commerce wishes
to report, and I trust the gentleman will also in-
clude it in his report, as he has the floor.
Mr, WENTWTORTH. Very well. I report
back from the Committee on Commerce, Senate
bill (No. 178) constituting Pilaika and Bayport,
in the State of Florida, ports of entry and delivery,
respectively.
Mr. HENN. 1 hope the gentleman will allow
jme to move, as an amendment, a provision con-
stituting Keokuk and Dubuque, in the State of
Iowa, ports of delivery. It has met with the ap-
probation of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Gentlemen say that I
have no right to offer amendments under the rule
which has been adopted. Without the consent
of the House I cannot do it.' I move the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENN. The gentleman will force me to
object to the bill. I will state for the information
of the House, that this was one of the first bills
reported from the Committee on Commerce, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I oiler it as an amendment to
this bill, and desire that it may be acted on, in order
to save time.
The SPEAKER. If exception be taken to the
bill, it cannot be received.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to state that
I am in favor of the bill of the gentleman from
Iowa, and I am willing to accept it as an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. If the introduction of the bill
is not objected to, the question will be upon read-
ing it the third time. If objected to, the bill can-
not be received.
Mr HENN. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider the
amendment as before the body.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
That Keokuk and Dubuque, in the State of Jowa,l>e,
and Hereby are, constituted ports of delivery within the
collection district of New Orleans; and there shall be
appointed a turveyor of the customs for each of said ports,
who shall be residents thereat. Said surveyors shall
perform the duties and receive the salary and emoluments
prescribed by the act of Congress approved on the 2d day
of March, 1831, entitled " An act allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St Louis,.Nashville, and Natchez,
to be secured and paid at those places."
Mr. HENN. I move the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to that amend-
ment. It is the entering wedge for custom-houses
upon the Mississippi. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked whether
there was any objection, and paused, but heard no
objection, and the amendment was sent up to the
Clerk's desk. The Chair thinks that the objection
came too late. The Chair is very well aware that
misunderstandings will grow up when there is so
much confusion in the Hall. The question now
is upon the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill, with
the proposed amendment, be laid on the table.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 28.
The SPEAKER Not half of a quorum.
[Cries of " Count the other side!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertajn
whether there is a quorum in the House.
After a count, the Speaker announced that there
were one hundred and twenty-nine members in
their places.
So Mr. Letcher's motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to; and, under the further
operation of the previous question, the bill was
ordered to a third reading. It was then read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HENN moved to amend the title by insert-
ing the word "Keokuk and Dubuque," in the
proper place.
The title of the bill was so amended.
Mr. DISNEY took the floor.
CHARGES AGAINST HON T. H. BAYLY.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged question.
The special committee which was charged with
the investigation of certain complaints against my
friend and colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] have made a
partial report, m which they absolve my colleague
in the most absolute and unqualified manner from
the first matter of complaint alleged against him;
they report, however, that as respects the second
allegation, involving some matters which 1 do not
myself—and which, perhaps, the House will not—
deem of very great importance, they have not
had an opportunity of investigating the subject,
requiring, as it does, the examination of the Con-
gressional Globe, as to certain speeches made by
members of the House. They therefore ask that
they may reserve to themselves the right to report
upon that branch of the inquiry at a future day.
But, as after the session terminates, their powers
will be at an end, and having the most absolute
assurance that the rest of their investigation of
that matter will be what it has been in reference
to the part of the inquiry which they have consid-
ered, and reflecting, as I am sure I do, the wishes
of my friend from the Accomac district, [Mr.
Bayly,] I move that the committee have leave to
continue their investigation at the next session of
Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion, and one which I make in view of taking a
recess. Most of the members came here early this
morning, and are very much fatigued; and as we
cannot take a recess under the rules of the House
proper, and for the purpose of enabling the House
to take a recess under the rules, I move that the-
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Disnb.y] was regularly recognized by the
Chair before the gentleman, and he is, therefore,
entitled to the floor in preference, and the gentle-
man cannot submit the motion unless his col-
league yields to him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask my colleague to
yield to me to enable me to make that motion?
TITLE TO LANDS GRANTED TO STATES.
Mr. DISNEY. I cannot yield. I desire to ask
the consent of the House to take up and pass
three several bills, each of which is of great im-
portance, and to each of which I imagine no ob-
jection will be made.
The first is a Senate bill, rendered necessary by
a decision of the Supreme Court at its last session,
by which were pronounced as invalid the title to
all the lands granted by the GeneraKJovernment
to the different States of the Union by the act of
1831; which lands have passed into the possession
of the different States, and from them into the
hands of innocent purchasers, and by them now
held, without a title, according to the decision
which I have referred to. The whole transaction
has been carried on in good faith on all sides.
Congress supposed the title valid, the Land Office
supposed the title valid. The lands were taken
possession of by the States and sold to innocent
parties. By a recent decision of the Supreme
Court, it has been held that all grants couched in
the language " shall be granted "possessed no title
whatever. I ask, therefore, the House to take up
that bill of the Senate and put it upon its passage.
Mr. PRINGLE. Read the bill for information.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
An act to vest in the several States and Terri-
tories a title m fee to lands which have been, or
may be, certified to them.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to put the bill upon its
passage, and desire to say a solitary word upon it.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No !" " Let it Go !"
and confusion.]
Mr. DISNEY. Very well; if the House are
satisfied, I am.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and pa*sed.
Mr. DISNEY. I now desire to report two
bills, from the Committee on Public Lands, which
are of the same character, both of which i desire
to have put upon their passage. The first is Sen-
ate bill (No. 259) to authorize the State of Wis-
consin to select the residue of the lands to which
said State is entitled, under the act of 8th of Au-
gust, 1846, for the improvement of the Pox and
Wisconsin rivers.
The bill was read in extenso.
It was then ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DISNEY. The other is Senate bill (No.
19) to authorize the State of Illinois to select the
residue of the lands to which sheis entitled, under
the act approved March 2, 1827', to aid said State
in opening ^canal to connect the waters of the
Illinois with those of^ake Michigan.
The bill was read through.
Mr, DISNEY. This bill was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands. I only desire
to state 
[Cries of " Gluestion !" " Question !"]
Mr. DISNEY. If the House will pass the bill,
I certainly do not desire to explain it.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
The SPEAKER. The Chair would propose
that a half hour be set apart for receiving reports
from committees of the House for the purpose of
reference only. If it be agreed to, it will relieve
the House and Speaker a great deal.
[Cries of " 1 object I55]
PROLONGATION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the joint resolution of the two Houses
directing tlie President'of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives to adjourn their respective
Houses at twelve o'clock, m., Friday, the 4th of the pres-
ent month, be rescinded ; and that said officers adjourn
their respective Houses at twelve o'clock, m., on Monday,
the 7th of August.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. JONES. 1 move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's motion;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 60, nays
82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Ashe, Thomas
H. Bayly, Bark^dale. Bclcher, Bocock, Boyce, Caskie,
Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Curtis, John
Davis, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, jEverhart, Florence,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, H^mi,
Hibbard, Houston, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kid-
