1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
well, Kittredffc, McDougall, McMullin, Macy, Maxwell,
May- Smith Miller, Millson, Olds, Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Pratt, Richardson, Riddle, Rogers, Sapp, Shannon, Show-
er,Singleton, William Smith,FrederickP. Stanton, Richard
H.Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, Na-
thaniel ft. Taylor, LJpham, Walker, Westbrook, and Dan-
iel B. Wright—60.
jVAYS—Messrs.DavidJ. Bailey, Bennett, Benson, Bliss,
Bridges', Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Chri*nan,Cox, Craige,Crocker, Thomas Davis,
Dowdell, Edmands, Ellison, Parley, Faulkner, Fentou,
Flagler, Fuller, Gamble, Giddmgs, Goode, Greenwood,
Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Hill, Howe, Hughes. Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Keift, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mc-
Nair, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice. John G. Miller, Mor-
gan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Pennington, Prmgle, Puryear,
Reese, Robbins, Ruffin, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Seward,
Shaw, Simmons, Geoige W. Smyth, Andrew Stuart,Trout,
Vail, Vansarit, Wade, Walbridge, Walsh, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, John Wentivorth/and Hendnck B. Wright
—82-
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent*of the House for leave to report
some bills from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
i will say to the House that I shall fiot ask that |
any of them shall be put on their passage, but j
merely that they shall be referred. j
Mr. HOWE. I hope that the Chair will again j
put his proposition to the House. i
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the prop-1
osition submitted by the Chair that a half hour
be devoted to receiving reports from committees
for reference ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the balance of
the session be devoted to receiving reports from
committees, the appropriation bills cannot be
Mr. BAYLY. The bills which I have to report
will not consume much time. One of them is to
execute the reciprocity treaty; but I do not pro-
pose to put it on its passage at this session.
Mr. HOWE. I have endeavored to make some
reports from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and have always been met with objection. I object,
unless the proposition of the Speaker be adopted,
and we shall all have a fair chance.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move to suspend therulesfor
the purpose indicated.
The question was taken; and. the rules were
suspended.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported* a bill " to carry into effect a
treaty between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, signed the 5th day of June, 1854;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed. •
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back Senate bills and resolu-
tion of the following titles; which were severally
referred to the Committee of th§, Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
An act for the relief of the personal represent- [
atives of William A. Slncum; - j
An act to make compensation to Henry Cron- j
chey for extra services; 1
An act for the relief of Hiram Paulding;
An act for the relief of ihe representatives of
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of
the United States at Tripoli;
Joint resolution manifesting the sense of Con-
gress towards Commander Edward Marshall,
commanding her Britannic Majesty's ship Vira-
go, and the officers and crew who were detached
by his order for the relief of the surveying party
under the command of Lieutenant J. G. Strain;
an<i
An act for the relief of William Duer.
Mr. COBB. I would ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the House proceed to re-
ceive reports from committees. 1 have no reports
to make myself. If there be objection, I shall
move a suspension of the rules.
NATIONAL ARMORIES, ETC.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a question of privilege. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the communication
from the Secretary of War, received this morning,
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed,
so that I may be afforded an opportunity to cor-
rect some mistakes made therein,concerning my-
self as a member of this House The communi-
cation is in answer to a resolution of this House
adopted $ few days ago, the object of which was
to ascertain whether or not either of the six gen-
tlemen appointed by the President some time ago
to visit the Springfield armory had recommended
anybody to office as superintendent of either of
the national armories. It was the design of the
resolution, I have no doubt, to discredit the re-
ports of some of these gentlemen, with a view to
defeat the measure in regard to the armories, now
pending in the Senate.
The Secretary was further called on for inform-
ation as to whether either of the gentlemen who
had testified, on oath, before the select committee,
on the subject of the superintendency of the na-
tional armories, had, at any time, been applicants
for position in any one of those armories. The
design of this part of the resolution is equally
apparent, and also grows out of an earnest desire I
to defeat the armory measure, by discrediting '
testimony given by respectable men, under the
solemn obligations of an oath. The resolution
further required the Secretary of War to com-
municate to this House the fact whetherany mem-
ber of the select committee had made application
for any office connected with the works named in
the resolution, under which it was created, either
for themselves, or in behalf of others. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] and myself
were the members to. which reference was made.
The Secretary of War says that the chairman of
the select committee—myself—was an applicant
for the office of Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds, when it included the supervision of the
Capitol extension, and that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had recommended persons for office at Har-
per's Ferry armory. So far as 1 am referred to,
the Secretary of War communicates to this House
what is not true, as 1 never made application for
Commissioner of Public Buildings, when that
office " included the supervision of the Capitol
extension." The mistake, no doubt, arises from
the letter of the Secretary of the Interior, who
writes to the Secretary of War and communicates
a note written by me on the 31st of March, 1853,
at the request of several gentlemen of this city;'
and the most urgent in requesting me to write it
was the late General Armstrong.
The note referred to related to the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. I stated in it
to the Secretary that I had been importuned by
many of the citizens of Washington, because of
some supposed fitness which they imagined I pos-
sessed for that post, to seek for the office of Com-
missioner. I did not ask for the" appointment,
nor did I really desire it. I only stated that if it
were conferred on me, I would endeavor to dis-
charge its duties. But in a very short time after
I published a card declining to have anything to
do with it, and refusing to be considered as seek-
ing«or desiring the office. The Secretary of the
Interior says:
" The extension of the United States Capitol is the only
civil public work the subject of inquiry by the special com-
mittee of the Hou*e of Representative* with which tins De- i
partrnent has any connection. By order of the President,
issued on the 1st ol April, 1853, the charge and supervision
of tlys work wa^ transferred to your Dcpaitment. Previous
to «uch tiansfer it had been under ihe immediate supervis
ion of the Commissioner, an officer of the Department, who
acted m the capacity ot disbursing agent."
Now, sir, here is a very great mistake, which
I am sure must be unintentional by Mr. McClel-
land. You can readily see the effect of it. The
idea conveyed is, that I sought the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings in order that I
might have the disbursement of the fund appro-
priated for the extension of the Capitol; and as a
member of the select committee, my conduct had
been controlled by motives of disappointment. I
had met with no disappointment, and any infer-
ence that my course has been directed by such
motives is absolutely false. Why, sir, the Capi-
tol extension was not under the specific direction of
the President of the United States; and the very
law which put it under his direction, required that
he should appoint an architect, who was charged
with the disbursement of the money. At the time
the late Administration went out of power, the
architect who was in charge of the work had the
disbursement of the fund, gave bonds, and settled
his account regularly every month at the Comp-
troller's office. The Commissioner of Public
Buildings had no more connection with the work
than you, Mr. Speaker. He had nothing what-
ever to do in his official capacity with that work.
His duties were confined to other objects. It is
all a gross mistake.
It will be recollected that at the close of the last
session of Congress a law was passed relieving
the architect from the disbursement of the funds
at the Capitol, and authorizing the President to
appoint an agent for that purpose. The history
of that enactment is this: An amendment was of-
fered to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill in the Senate authorizing the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to disburse that money. This
was before the 4th of March, 1853—a month.be-
fore my note was written. When it came into
this House, I went myself to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and requested
fym not to agree to the amendment of the Senate,
with that provision in it, and the words " Com-
missioner of Public Buildings'' was stricken out,
and the words "a disbursing agent" substituted
at my request, by the chairman of the committee.
And the law passed the House in that shape, giving
the President the power to appoint a disbursing
agent other than the Commissioner. It could not,
therefore, be true that the work was under the im-
mediate supervision of the Commissioner. The
letter of mine to which the Secretary refers was
written a month after that law came into opera-
tion. The fact is, the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, from the time of the first appointment
of the architect, never had anything to do with
the disbursement of the money at the Capitol, as
the reports to Congress and the laws and records
of the Government will show. The Secretary has
no doubt been misled, and I am satisfied has not
knowingly lent himself to this unjustifiable and
disreputable effort to prejudice the armory ques-
! tion by misrepresenting and assailing myself and
others.
Now, I have written a letter to the Secretary
of the Interior calling his attention to the errors
contained in his letter to the Secretary of War,
and do not doubt he will cheerfully correct them;
and I ask that the printing of the communication
of the Secretary of War may not be ordered until
I can receive the answer of the Secretary of the
Interior. X want the antidote to go with the
poison.
Mr. FAULKNER. When the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dickinson,jsomedaysago,
submitted his resolution asking the information
now furnished by the War Department, it was
objected to by my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Vansant,] and also by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Churchwell.] At my request they
withdiew their objections, and the resolution was
adopted. I thought the inquiry a very small af-
fair, and scarcely worthy of the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or of the consid-
eration of Congress. Still, as the statement had
gone abroad, and been widely circuited, that
. some of the commtssioneis engaged in the in vesti-
i gation at Springfield had been applicants for the
! place of civil superintendent; as that statement
| had been denied, and as many unfounded and
! exaggerated reports had gamed currency on that
i subject, I thought it better that the facts should
; appear before the country in someauthenticform,
j that those concerned in the inquiry might fear-
! lessiy confront the accusation, and have justice
done to their character and motives. The inquiry
;! was, m many respects, objectionable in principle,
11 but it did not become the friends of these gentle-
s' men to oppose any obstacle to the full develop-
1 ment of the truth. So, when the response of the
Secretary of War was received a few moments
! ago, and partially read at the Clerk's table, I asked
:■ that its further reading be dispensed with, and
!! printed.
I My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] now
, asks that the motion to print be reconsidered; and
■ in his remarks sustaining his proposition he has
; informed the House that my name is alluded to
i; in the report of the Secretary of War, and that
a letter of mine is among the papers ordered to
, be published. Sir, the Secretary of War, or any
l; other Secretary, is at perfect liberty to publish
j, any letter of mine addressed to him officially
or privately, so far as I care. Certain it is that
j! no letter of mine will be found in any Department
' of this Government presenting my name for any
;; Executive post or appointment. No, sir; I have
i the proud gratification to say before this House,
jj that at no period of my life, nor under any Ad-
