1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
541
there can be no difficulty as to the constitutionality
of this provision. 11 * is, next to the grant, the
most important provision in the bill. Strike it
out, and it ceases to be a bill to secure a home-
stead, and becomes a measure for the benefit of
creditor.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the section proposed to be stricken out, by
striking out the words " the issuing of the patent/'
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " entry and
settlement."
Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt myself but that
the United States may part with its title to the
land, as contemplated m this bill, and makeacon-
dition that it shall not be sold for debts previously
contracted. I think there is no doubt with regard
to that position; but, while I am willing to con-
cede this, I doubt very much the policy of permit*
tins? a settler to enter upon land, and thereby ac-
quire a credit in the community in which he lives,
and preventing whatever interest he may have in
the land from being taken under execution and
sold for the payment of his debts.
Mr. LILLY. Is there is not a law in the gen-
tleman's own State exempting land to a certain
amount from debt ?
Mr. WRIGHT. In answer to my friend from
New Jersey, I will state that there is such a law
on the statute-book of Pennsylvania; but that does
not conflict with the position 1 hold heie. That
is an exemption law; and it does not apply to
debts previously contacted. The mischief of this
bill, as it now stands, consists in this: You send a
man there to make a settlement, and the fact of
sending him, and his making improvements there,
gives him a credit in the community m which he
lives. Weil, are the different individuals who give
him credit, from the fact of his being a settler on
the land, to be defrauded from the collection of
theirdebts? That is the position. If the bill passes
in the shape in which it has been reported by the
Committee on Agriculture, you will permit the in-
dividual to make his entry, and remain there for a
period of five years, to contract debts from all
persons who are willing to trust him for any
©mount; and then you prevent the collection of
those debts by those who have given the credit.
Now, sir, that is a wrong principle of legisla-
tion. 1 am perfectly willing that the man who
makes his entry and settlement upon the land
should begin the world anew; that, at the time he
shall enter upon it he shall go, to all intents and
purposes, untrammeled fiom the debts previously
contracted; but you extend to him a greater priv-
ilege, for you say that for the five years he is liv-
ing upon the land none of his improvements, nor
the land itself, shall he subject to sale for the pay-
ment of debts that he shall contract during that
period. There is no charity m carrying out that
principle; but it is one which conflicts with and
impairs contracts—not contracts at the inception,
but those he has been enabled to make while in
possession of the land with persons who were
willing to trust him.
Now suppose a settler enters upon the laud and
remains iheie for a period of four years; that
land may have increased in value from $1 25 per
acre to perhaps $*30 or $25 per acre. The indi-
vidual, after he has made the improvements, and
the value of the land has increased, may have con-
tracted debts to a large amount, and very prop-
erly, but yet you put it into his power to defraud
every man who shall have trusted him. Now,
sir., I cannot agree to the carrying outof any such
principle as that. Let htm go there, as I say,un-
trammeled. Let no debts follow him up to the
time he makes his entry; but do not protect him
in the enjoyment of his propeity and the bounty
of the Government for five years, so that he shall
have the power to commit great frauds on the com-
munity in which he lives.
Mr." PR ATT. I move that the committee do
-now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The question was taken; and the amendment
waf not agreed to.
Mr. LETCH RR. I propose to amend that sec-
tion by adding thereto, t( unless the Legislature of
the States in which such lands he shall otherwise
direct."
Several Members. "Question!" ''Question!"
Mr. DISNEY. Or unless the law of the State
in which the lands lie shall otherwise direct.
Mr. LETCBER. Yes; unless the law of the
State in which such lands he shall otherwise direct.
It strikes me, Mr. Chairman, as a very extraor-
dinary provision in this bill any way. If a man i
has$200, and goes to the State of Illinois and lays \
out his money in the purchase of a hundred and }
sixty acres of land, that land is to be made subject |
to all sorts of debts that can be mustered up |
against an individual. But if you get a man to go j
to the State of Illinois and to take land without j
paying anything for it to theGovernment, in that j
case, by way of inducing him to go, you propose '
to exempt him from all debts which he may have
contracted prior to the time at which he is entitled
to his patent.
It may so happen, Mr. Chairman, that in put-
ting up the necessary buildings to shelter his family,
and to protect them from the storm, he may have
contracted debts in procuring means to do so.
These debts, so contracted, may probably have
given to this land double the value that it had at
the time he took possession of it as Government
land; and although it has been thus enhanced in
value from the labor of other persons, yet you pro-
vide in this act that it shall not be responsible for
any debts which may have been contiacted m giv-
ing to it this enhanced value.
Now, sir, I propose to add to this amendment,that
that shall be the law unless the Legislatures ofthe
States or of theTernlories m which these lands may
lie shall otherwise direct. And I do it for this reason
as was remarked by the gentleman from Alabama:
if you permit this provision to be carried out you
sanction the doctrine here that the Congress of the
United States can go into the States and under-
take to regulate the laws of debtor and creditor in
defiance of all laws that the States themselves may
have enacted on this subject. You have theie,
under this provision, made the beneficence of the
Governmentextend to the exemption of these pub-
lic land from ail liabilities for debt, while the hard-
working man who has purchased his land, who
has paid for the permission to take possession of
it, who pays the debts that he has contracted for
the improvement of it, when he, I say, is after-
wards overtaken by misfortune, he is made to pay
every debt heowes; and his family is turned out
! of house and home to accomplish this purpose un-
' der the State law.
I It seems to me that if gentlemen swallow this,
! there is no aggression on the rights of the States
| which may not be perpetrated by Congress. If
i they can go to that extent they can also regulate
the laws in reference to the manner in which prop-
1 erty can descend. They can regulate the laws m
, regaid to marriage; they can regulate tne laws in
' repaid to any particular local relations, or any !
■ particular local law which may exist in these I
! States. Would it not be a monstrous power to |
I assert on the part of Congress? and would it not j
' be such a power as, if sanctioned, would necessa- j
rily lead to the most serious abuses?
| Mr. DEAN- I am opposed to the amendment
! of the gentleman, because I suppose it to be unne-
| cessary. That will be the law without it.
j The question recuning upon the amendment
; offered by the gentleman from Virginia,. [Mr.
| Letcher]—
| Mr. LETCHER called for tellers; which were
i ordered.
| Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. I think there
: is not a quotum present, and therefore I move
. that the committee do now rise.
: [Cries of " Oh, no !" " No !"]
j The question was put; and, upon a division,
| there were—ayes 46, noes 35.
i Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Can the committee
' rise without a quorum?
The CHAIRMAN. It can.
; The committee accordingly rose, and the
1 Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
| reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
I state of the Union had had under consideration
i the Union generally, and, by spccial order, House
! bill No 37, commonly known as the homestead
j bill, but had come to no resolution thereon.
| ADJOURNMENT OVER.
| Mr. LILLY. I move that when the House
i adjourn it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 90, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Alien, Thomas H. Bayly, Barry,
Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bissell, Boyce, Bridges,
^ Chastain, Cook, Corwin, Craige, Cumming, Cutting, John
; G. Davis. Thomas Davis, De Witt, Disney, Dowdell, Drum,
j Dunbar, Edgerton, Edmands, Edmundaon, Everhart, Far-
, ley, Florence, Franklin, Gamble, Giddmgs, Green, Green-
wood, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hill, Hughes, Hunt,
Johnson, Kern, Ken, Kittredge, Knox, Lamb, Letcher,
! Liliv. Lmdley, McCulloch, McQueen, Matteson, J  hn
j G. Miller, Mmszain Morrison, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oil-
' ver, Mordecai Oliver, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Per-
, Kins, Phillips-, Pratt, Preston, Pnngle, Ready, David Ritchie,
i Roger?, Sago, Shannon, Shaw, Sim-nons, Singleton, Ger-
! rit Smith, \ViIliairi Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
| 11. Stanton, flestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John L.
; Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Walbridpe, Israel
Wa-hhurn, Tappan Wentworth, We&tbrook, Daniel B.
; Wright, Yates, and Zolhcotfer— 90.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Bieekinridgp,Campbell,Car-
. pernor, Oa«kie, Chamberlain, (.'handler, Claik, Clingman,
! Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Dawson, Dean, Ea-tman, Ellison,
l English, Swing, Faulkner, Fuller, Grow, Hamilton, Hast,
ih m, Il.tven, Hendricks, Henn, Daniel T. Jones, George
W Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Lane, Lindsley,
MeNatr, Macv, Maxwell, May, Middlesvvarth, Million,
Nichols, Olds', Orr, Phelps, Powell, Purvear, Robbing,
Rowe, Rnftin, Ru^dl, S.ibin, Sapp, Seward, Shower,
William R. Smith, Geoige W Smyth, Sollers, Siratton,
Andiew Stuarr. Tiout, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Elhhu B.
Wa^liburne, Wheeler, and Hendnck B. Wright—05.
So the motion was agreed to.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE PRESIDENT-
! The SPEAKER kid before the House com-
munications from the President of the United
Slates, transmitting a letter from the Secretary of
War, inclosing a report from the Colonel of Top-
ographical Engineers, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, of the 23d
of January last, showing all contracts made by,
J and correspondence subsequently, with the Chief
j of the Bureau of Topographical Engineers, for
furnishing materials of wood and stone for im-
proving the harbors and rivers on Lake Michigan,
under the act "making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain harbors and rivers," ap-
proved August 13, 1852.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication, transmitting a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, accompanied
by thennnual report of the Board oflnspectors of
. the Penitentiary of the United States for the Dis-
i trict of Columbia, for the year ending the 31st of
! December, 1853.
I On motion by Mr. JONES, it was referred to
the Committee'on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
I On motion by Mr. WALI3RIDGE, the House,
i then, at fifty minutes past three o'clock, adjourned
: until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 6, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Wii.i.iam H. Milburjj.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. RUSSELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer a joint resolution for
settling the accounts of A. Boyd Hamilton, and I
ask that it be put upon its passage.
The resolution was then read through by the
Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the resolution to be engrossed and read
the third time. . .
  Mr. HAMILTON. Is there an appropriation
in the bill> , . ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that there
is an appropriation provided for in the resolution,
and it must therefore go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUSSELL. The appropriation for set-
tling the accounts of Mr. Hamilton is provided for
I in the act of 1852 .
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
! the gentleman that there is a fund already set
apart for the payment of A. Boyd Hamilton, and
the resolution now offered only directs the mode
by which his accounts shall be ascertained and
settled, and it need not therefore go to the Com-
mittee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed,
