542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
and read a third time; and having been engrossed,
it was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. APPLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce joint resolutions
from the Legislature of the State of Massachu-
setts in relation to cheap ocean postage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Let the resolutions
be read for information.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The usual course is to
lay these resolutions upon the table, and order
them to be printed. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to this course at present.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
the gentleman from Massachusetts sending up his
resolutions to the Clerk's desk.
The resolutions were then received, read by the
Clerk, and ordeied to he upon the table, and be
printed.
Mr. FULLER. I beg leave of the House to
introduce resolutions from the State of Maine.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What disposition does the
gentleman wish to make of them ?
Mr. FULLER. That they he upon the table,
and be printed. I hope that they will be read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 object to leading any
moie of these papers. I do not know what these
resolutions are. I am willing that the usual course
be taken with them, that they lie upon the table,
and be printed.
Mr. FULLER. They are very short, and I
hope that the House will consent to hear them.
The resolutions were then read. They protest
against the passage of any bill for the organiza-
tion of the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas
which shall contain any provision repealing the
act of 1820, known as the Missouri compromise.
The resolutions were then ordered to lie on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, having been put, was carried
in the affirmative.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Oi/s in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration special otder
of the House, being House bill (No 3")) " to en-
courage agricultui e, commerce, manufactures, and
all other branches of induati y, by granting to every
man who la the heod of a family, and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land out of the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
for the period herein specified."
Thefourth section being under consideration, the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] moved
to strike out the section. The gentleman from
Virginia moved to amend by adding at the end of
the section, for the puipose of perfecting it, the
following woidx: " Unless the legislative authority
of the State or Territory m which such hinds lie
shall otherwise direct." The question pending
is, therefore, upon the amendment of the gentle-
man fiom Virginia, upon which tellers have been
ordered.
Air LETCHER. If it will meet with the ap-
probation of the committee, I will withdraw the
amendment which I offered, and allow the ques-
tion to be taken unembarrassed upon the motufti
to strike out the entire section.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdiawn.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr phillip* to strike out the fourth section.
Mr. DISNEY. I renew the amendment with-
drawn by the gentleman from Virginia to add at
the end of the section the following words: " Un-
less the legislative authority of the State or Ter-
ritory in which such lands lie shall otherwise
direct."
I propose this amendment because it changes the
entire character of the provisions of the section
which thegentlemari from Alabama [Mr. Phillips]
proposes to stuke out. That section, in my opin-
ion, contains the humbug of the bill. So great is
its absurdity, that to pass a bill containing such a
section would be an imputation upon the intelli-
gence of the House. It attempts an exercise of
1 power which it is not m the competency of Con-
, gress to exercise.
| Sir, I desire to say a word or two in reference
; to the character of this section; and I am sure a
: word or two is all that will be necessary to con-
! vince the House of its absurdity. The gentleman
' from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] talks about its
! being a conditional grant. Well, sir, if it is a con-
: ditional grant, and the conditions are in default,
! there is a reversionary interest,and the title of the
1 land will revert back to the United States; and in
1 that event the settler loses his homestead. But
! if it be a perfect and unlimited grant it must he
1 subject to the authority of the State in which the
I land lies, and in that event the General Govern-
| ment could have no power over the subject. So
{ that, construe the section as you will, it is null
! and void. If it is to have any effect at all it will
be to delude the settler himself. It will lead him |
to believe that his land will not be liable to be ta- j
ken for debt. Sir, every lawyer in the House I
knows that Congress has no power to make such !
a limitation upon the land, after the title has gone j
out of the possession of the Government. It is >
i simply delusive to the honest settler himself. j
i But, I repeat, without going into any extended
j argument in relation to this matter, that if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] in-
. tends a conditional grant, then if the condition be
! m default, the title reverts to the United States,and
! the settler loses his homestead. If it be not a
j conditional grant, but an absolute one, why then,
1 the title being in the parties, the land must be sub*
! ject to the laws of the States. And yet, with a
1 full knowledge of a fact of this sort, can it be that
. an intelligent body like this Congress wil! pass an
j act which every lawyer in it knows well would be
: inoperative? That is all 1 desire to say.
1 Mr. DAWSON. The honorable gentleman
' from Ohio argues against this piovision as if it
was not only in violation of the principles of law,
; but as if it was a new question, presented for the
! consideration of this body. Now, I will merely
j refer the honorable gentleman to the fourth section
! of" An act granting bounty land to certain officers
i and soldiers who have been engaged m the mili-
tary service of the United States," approved Sep-
tember 28, 1850, which contains the very princi-
ple involved in the fourth section of this bill.
Mr. DISNEY. Read it.
Mr. DAWSON. It is as follows:
u Sko. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all «ales,
leiterx ot attorney, or other instruments of wnt
ing, yoinjj to affect the title or claim to any vvanatit or cer-
tificate !-Mied, oi to be HMied, or<ui> land granted, or to be
maun (i, under tin: prmi-Mons of this act, made or executed
poor to the issue, shall be null and void to all intents and
pin poses whatsoever; nor shall such certificate or warrant,
or tile land obtained theioby, be m anywise afleeted by, or
charged with, or s-uhjecf to, the pa>ment of any debt oi
claim mcurted by such officer or soldier piiorio the issuing
of the patent."
The honorable gentleman from Ohio was a mem-
ber of this House at the time that law was passed.
Where then was his vigilance* Where were then
his constitutional objections to the principle which 1
it is now proposed to make applicable to the labor- j
ing classes > j
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman yield me 1
the floor for a moment5 1
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; I do not yield. It j
seems to me that the discovery comes rather late. 1
It comes at a time when it is proposed to extend [
the benefits of the principle to a large class of the i
laborers of this country. The distinguished gen- i
tieman sat still in his seat and permitted that law !
to pass without uttering one word of complaint, j
yea, he even voted for it, and yet now a new light1
dawns upon him. :
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's j
amendment, and it was rejected. |
Mr. EASTMAN. I offer the following amend- i
ment: ;
But the «.aid land shall be subject to taxation the same as 1
othei land cold b> the United State?,Imni the date of the j
entry thereof, as specified m the tir>t clause oi the •second j
seenon of this act; and if the person who onto! the same 1
shall neglect or lefti^e to pay alt legal taxes thereon with ;
m dajs-a'ter they shall be demanded he shall toifeitall i
his lights under this act. j
I arn_not certain that the amendment which -I '
have offered will effect the object which I desire, [
but I have offered it for the purpose of calling the !
attention of the committee, and of the friends of
the bill, to the particular point to which it alludes.
It seems to me, if it be good policy on the part
of this Government to give lands to actual settlers,
that, at the same time, it should compel those set'
tiers to pay the same amount of taxes, according to
tne value of the land that other people pay who
paid for their land at the time they acquired pos-
session of it. But there is no provision in this
bill to compel the recipients of this land to pay
tax upon it at all. They come into the possession
of it; they have the benefit of the laws; they have
the protection of the courts, and everything of that
sort, and yet they do not contribute one single cent
toward the support of the Government affording
them all these advantages. Now, it seems to me
that the effect will be, if some provision of the kind
I have suggested is not enacted m this bill, that
you will compel the person who pays for his land
to support those persons who occupy this land
without any pay, which should not be counte-
nanced by this committee.
Just look at this matter. Here is a farmer with
a farm of three or four hundred acres, arid wild
land all around him. A, B, and C come under
the provisions of this bill, and acquire their land.
They are voters, and have it within their power
to compel the man who has paid for his land to
build all the school-houses, all the bridges, make
all the roads, and, in short, pay for the entire
government of the whole town, and yet not pay
one single dollar themselves. I think that the
system is wrong; and if my means of getting at
the remedy are not the proper ones, I would sug-
gest to the fuends of the measure to propose the
proper ones to avoid the difficulty at which I have
aimed. There may be some fault in the amend-
ment which 1 have proposed. If any gentleman
sees any better remedy I am willing to submit to
if. I am tenacious of this point; but I suggest to
the friends of the bill to let something of the kind
be engrafted upon it.
I know it will be contended by the gentlemen
upon the other side that you cannot tax Govern-
ment land. If you cannot tax Go\emment land
you ought to adopt some measure by which you
shall compel the persons who occupy this land to
pay for the support of the Government of which
they have the benefit, and by which you shall not
force the person who has paid for his land to pay
all the taxes
The amendment was ogain read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is an ex-
traordinary amendment. The principle involved
is not incorporated in any tax law of which I have
any knowledge. You propose to levy a tax upon
the Government land because we pass a law that
individuals may locate upon it. These individuals
may not peifect their right to a patent under this
law. The gentlemnn knows that we eannot now
tax the land of the Government. If these people
do not settle upon that land under this law you
cannot get nny tax. Consequently, I cannot
see any great hardship in permitting this land to
remain free of taxation until the settler shall have
acquired a full title. We cannot provide for the
selling of this land for taxes. Nobody will ask
that; but, sir. because the man shall not pay the
taxes which the State levies the gentleman pro-
poses that his right to the land shall be forfeited.
Why, sir, it is but a short time—only five years
—that these lands are proposed to be excepted from
taxation; and it has only been two, three, or four
years, I believe, since a law excepting all the Gov-
ernment lands from taxation for five yeais after
they weie sold was repealed. And the gentleman
himself, [Mr. Eastmax,] I think, must see that it
is no very great hardship to the State in which the
lands are situated for them to refrain from taxing
such lands until after the term limited by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. EASTMAN. I withdraw the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin pioposes, with the unanimous consent of
the House, to withdraw his amendment. Is there
any objection to his doing so 5
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir, I object. Let
us vote down all these amendments.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 ask to present the fol-
lowing proviso, to be added at the end of the fourth
section to the bill.
The Clerk read the proviso, as follows:
