1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
visions of the act entitled " An act respecting fu-
gitives from justice, and persons escaping from
the service of their masters," approved February
twelfth, seventeen hundred and ninety-three, and
the provisions of the act entitled " An act to
amend, and supplementary to, the aforesaid act,"
approved September eighteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty, be, and the same are hereby, declared to
extend to, and be in full force within the limits of
the said Territory of Kansas.
Sec. 29. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, and
until his successor shall be appointed and quali-
fied, unless sooner removed by the President, and
who shall receive the same fees and salary as the
attorney of the United States for the present Ter-
ritory of Utah. There shall also be a marshal for
the Territory appointed, who shall hold his office
for four years, and until his successor shall be
appointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by
the President, and who shall execute all processes
issuing from the said courts when exercising their
jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of the
United States; he shall perform the duties, be sub-
ject to the same regulations and penalties, and be
entitled to the same fees, as the marshal of the
district court of the United States for the present
Territory of Utah, and shall, in addition, be paid
two hundred dollars annually as a compensation
for extra services.
Sec. 30. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice, and associate jus-
tices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,
.and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed by the President of the United
States. The Governor and secretary to beappointed
as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, respect-
ively take an oath or affirmation before the district
judge or some justice of the peace in the limits of
said Territory, duly authorized to administer oaths
and affirmations by the laws now in force therein,
or before the chief justice or some associate jus-
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
faithfully to discharge the duties of their respect-
ive offices, which said oaths, when so taken, shall
be certified by the person by whom the same shall
have been taken; and such certificates shall be
received and recorded by the said secretary among
the executive proceedings; and the chief justice
and associate justices, and all other civil officers
in said Territory, before they act as such, shall take
a like oath or affirmation before the said Governor
or secretary, or some judge or justice of the peace
of the Territory who may be duly commissioned
and qualified, which said Oath or affirmation shall
be certified and transmitted by the person taking
the same to the secretary, to be by him recorded
as aforesaid; and, afterwards, the like oath or
affirmation shall be taken, certified, and recorded,
m such manner and form as may be prescribed
by law. The Governor shall receive an annual
salary of two thousand five hundred dollars. The
chief justice and associate justices shall receivean
annual salary of two thousand dollars. The sec-
retary shall receive an annual salary of two thou-
sand dollars. The said salaries shall be paid
quarter-yearly, from the dates of the respective
appointments, at the Treasury ofthe United States;
but no such payment shall be made until said
officers shall have entered upon the duties of their
respective appointments. The members of the
Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to receive
three dollars each per day during their attendance
at the sessions thereof, and three dollars each for
every twenty miles' travel ingoing to and return-
ing from the said sessions, estimated according to
the nearest usually traveled route; and an addi-
tional allowance of three dollars shall be paid to
the presiding officer of each House for each day
he shall so preside. And a chief clerk, one assist-
ant clerk, a sergeant-at-arms, and doorkeeper,
may be chosen for each House; and the chief
clerk shall receive four dollars per day, and the
said other officers three dollars per day, during
the session of the Legislative Assembly; but no
other officers shall be paid by the United States:
Provided, That there shall be but one session of
the Legislature annually, unless, on an extraor-
dinary occasion, the Governor shall think proper
to call the Legislature together. There shall be
appropriated, annually, the usual sum, to be ex-
pended by the Governor, to defray the contin-
gent expenses of the Territory, including the
salary of a clerk of the executive department;
and there shall also be appropriated, annually, a
sufficient sum, to be expended by the secretaryof
the Territory, and upon an estimate to be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, to defray the expenses of the Legislative
Assembly, the printing of the laws, and other
incidental expenses; and the Governor and secre-
tary of the Territory shall, in the disbursement of
all moneys intrusted to them, be governed solely
by the instructions of the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, and shall, semi-annually,
account to the said Secretary for the manner in
which the aforesaid moneys shall jjave been ex-
pended; and no expenditure shall be made by said
Legislative Assembly for objects not specially
authorized by the acts of Congress making the
appropriations, nor beyond the sums thus appro-
priated for such objects.
Sec. 31. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the seat
of government of said Territory is hereby located
temporarily at Fort Leavenworth; and that such
portions of the public buildings as may not be
actually used and needed for military purposes
may be occupied and used, under the direction of
the Governor and Legislative Assembly, for such
public purposes as may be required under the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 32. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a Dele-
gate to the House of Representatives <of the
United States, to serve for the term of two years,
who shall be a citizen of the United Slates, may
be elected by the voters qualified to elect members
of the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled
to the same rights and privileges as are exercised
and enjoyed by the Delegates from the several
other Territories of the United States to the said
House of Representatives; but the Delegate first
elected shall hold his seat only during the term of
the Congress to which he shall be elected. The
first election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, as the Govern-
or shall appoint and direct; and at all subse-
quent elections the times, places, and manner of
holding the elections shall be prescribed by law.
The person having the greatest number of votes
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly
elected, and a certificate thereof shall be given ac-
cordingly. That the Constitution, and all laws
of the United States which are not locally inap-
plicable, shall have the same force and effect
within the said Territory of Kansas as elsewhere
within the United States, except the eighth sec-
tion of the act preparatory to the admission of
Missouri into the Union, approved Marchsixth,
eighteen hundred and twenty, which, being incon-
sistent with the principle of non-intervention by
Congress with slavery in the States and Territo-
ries, as recognized by the legislation of eighteen
hundred and fifty, commonly called the compro-
mise measures, is hereby declared inoperative and
void; it being the true intent and meaning of this
act not to legislate slavery into any Territory or
State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave
the people thereof perfectly fiee to form and reg-
ulate their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to revive or put in force any
law orregulation which may have existed prior
to the act of sixth of March, eighteen hundred
and twenty, either protecting, establishing, pro-
hibiting, or abolishing slavery.
Sec.33. Jlndbeitfurtherenacted, That there shall
hereafter be appropriated, as has been customary
fortlie territorialgovernments,asufficientamount,
to be expended under the direction of the said i
Governor of the Territory of Kansas, not exceed-
ing the sums heretofore appropriated for similar
objects, for the erection of suitable public build-
ings at the seat of government, and for the pur-
chase of a library, to be kept at the seat of gov-
ernment for the use of the Governor, Legislative
Assembly, judges of the supreme court, secre-
tary, marshal, and attorney of said Territory,
and such other persons, and under such regula-
tions, as shall be prescribed by law.
Sec. 34. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed
underthedirectionof theGovernmentoftheUnited j
States, preparatory to bringing the same into i
market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six i
in each township in said Territory shall be, and !
the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of
being applied to schools in said Territory, and in
the States and Territories hereafter to be erected
out of the same.
Sec. 35. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, until
otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said
Territory may define the judicial districts of said
Territory, and assign the judges who may be ap-
pointed for said Territory to the several districts;
and also appoint the times and places for holding
courts in the several counties or subdivisions in
each or'said judicial districts by proclamation, to
be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly,
at their first or any subsequent session, may or-
ganize, alter, or modify such judicial districts, and
assign the judges, and alter the times and places
of holding the courts, as to them shall seem proper
and convenient.
Sec. 3G. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all
officers to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, for the
Territory of Kansas, who, by virtue of the pro-
visions of any law now existing, or which may
be enacted during the present Congress, are re-
quired to give security for moneys that may be
intrusted with them for disbursement, shall give
such security, at such time and place, and in such
manner, as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe. ■ ■
Sec. 37. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all
treaties, laws, and other engagements made by the
Government of the United States with the Indian
tribes inhabiting the Territories embraced within
this act, shall be faithfully and rigidly observed,
notwithstanding anything contained in this act;
and that the existing agencies and superintenden-
ces of said Indians be continued with the same
powers and duties which are now prescribed by
law, except that the President of the United States
may, at his discretion, change the location of the
office of superintendent.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. There is no appropriation in this bill that
requires it, under the 133d rule, to be discussed in
Committee of the Whole; but there is a proposi-
tion m the bill for a tax or a charge upon the peo-
ple which, under the 131st rule, must not be dis-
cussed upon the day on which it is introduced
into the House, and which must be discussed in
Committee of the Whole. That provision is in
these words:
"There shall he appropriated annually the u-ual sum, to
be expended bv llie Governor, to defray the contingent ex-
penses of ihe Teiritory."
The 131st rule is, that
u No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall be discussed the day on which it is made or
offered ; and every such proposition shall receive its first
discussion in a Committee of the Whole House."
I hold that this bill contains a proposition for a
tax and a charge upon the National Treasury, and,
consequently, must be discussed in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule
the point of order, upon the ground that the bill
has been discussed in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDGERTON. The substitute now before
the House has never been considered in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That is very true; but the
bill has been so considered, which brings it within
: the meaning of the rule, according to the universal
practice of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The rule which the gentle-
man has read applies to another thing entirely—
to those bills which propose to levy taxes.
The SPEAKER. That is also true.
Mr. EDGERTON. Any proposition which
proposes a charge upon the National Treasury
must first be considered in committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to all discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays upon ordering the main question.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cullom and
Ready were appointed.
The House then divided; and the tellers reported
forty-nine gentlemen voting in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
