1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, said: I am
requested by my colleague, Mr. Bissell, to state
that sickness alone has detained him from being
here to give his vote against the final passage of
this bill in its present shape.
Mr. CARUTHERS said: The House will in-
dulge me again in stating, that I have paired off
with Mr. Chase, who would have voted against
this bill; and, but for that, I should have voted
in favor of it.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, said: My colleague
[Mr. Chamberlain] is now detained from the
House by sickness in his family. He proposed
to me to pair off with him. I told him I would
pair off with him on the final passage of the bill,
if it should so happen that his vote would defeat
the bill. But from the votes which have been
taken, I became satisfied that the bill would pass;
and I have accordingly availed myself of the priv-
ilege of putting myself upon the record.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
[Cries of ."Oh, no!" "No!" all over the
Hall.]
Mr. HIESTER. I c^ll for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Tennessee,and Davis, of Indiana, were appointed.
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-seven, (not a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed upon the table; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the title of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the previous
question upon agreeing to the title of the bill.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw that motion for a moment.
[Cries of " No!" " No !"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I decline to withdraw it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The title was then reported, as follows:
A bill to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas.
The question was taken; and the title was
agreed to.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the vote
last taken, by which the title of the bill was agreed
to, be reconsidered, and that the motion to recon-
sider do lie upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I think I have the floor
upon a privileged motion. I move that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the House has decided otherwise.
The SPEAKER. Under the decision of the
House in a former part of the day the Chair de-
cides the motion out of order. *
Mr. LETCHER. With all respect for the
Chair, I must take an appeal from that decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays upon the appeal.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the title of
the bill was adopted, and lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina will remember that the motion to adjourn
must take precedence of his motion.
Mr. ORR. But the question is not upon the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. ORR. I thought it was upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair taken by the
gentleman from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the appeal
of the gentleman from Virginia is connected with,
and directly affects, that motion. The Chair there-
fore decides that the motion of the gentleman will
take precedence of that of the gentleman from
South Carolina.
A Member. Will the Chair state precisely
what is the question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sage] moved that the House do now
adjourn. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] moved that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next. The
Chair decided that motion to be out of order un-
der the instructions of the House. From that
decision the gentleman from Virginia takes an
appeal; and the question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion that
the appeal do lie upon the table.
The question was then taken; " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?" and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 99, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercroinbie, James C. Allen, WUiis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Barksdale,
Barry, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks,
Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman. Churchwell, Clark, Clmgman,
Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Gumming, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dow-dell, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmundson, John M.
Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Green, Greenwood,
Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Hams, Hendricks, Uenn,
Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, J. Glaney Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Keir, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham,
Lilly, Lindley, Macdonald, McDougall, Maxwell, May,
John G. Miller, Snnlll Miller, Noble, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Pllelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt,
Preston, Richardson, ltiddle, Robbing, Ilovve, Rufiin, Shan-
lion, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smilh, George W. Smyth, Fredelick P. Slanton, Alexander
H. Stephens, Straub, David Stuart, JohnJ. Taylor, Tweed,
Vail, Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, Westbrook,
Witte, Hendriek B. Wugbt, and Zoliicofler—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Culloin, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Drum,
Eastman, Edgeiton, Edmands, Thomas D. Ehot, Ellison,
Ethendge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble,
Goodrich, Grow, Aaion Harian, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley
P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hiester, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, Kittiedge, Knox, Letcher, Lmdsley, Mc-
Culloch, Matteson, Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarth,
Millson, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pen-
nington, Prmgle, Puryear, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Andrew Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout,
Upliam, Walley, Ellibu B. Washburne, Israel Waslibuin,
Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
and Yates—81).
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr HAMILTON. Let us first dispose of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the title
was adopted.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion pending
except that to adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal to my col-
league [Mr. Washburne] to withdraw his mo-
tion to adjourn, so that we may move to recon-
sider the vote by which the title was adopted, and
that that motion do lie upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. I do not think that the bill will
spoil if left until to-morrow.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the vote by
which the title of the bill was adopted be recon-
sidered, and" that that motion be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at half past
eleven o'clock, p.m.) until to-niorro w at twelve m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 22, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Wii.t.iam H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
RESIGNATION OF MR. EVERETT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Hon. Edward Everett,
informing the Senate that he had resigned his seat
in the Senate, to take effect the 1st of June next;
which was read, and ordeied to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, on
the expediency of promptly completing the forti-
fications at the Tortugas and Key West; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WADE submitted additional documents
in support of the claim of the heirs of Joshua
Chamberlain; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of inhabitants
of the town of Guilford, Connecticut, pftying a
reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BELL. I present the memorial of Mary
Reeside, widow and executrix of James Reeside,
praying the payment of a judgment in his favor in
a suit instituted against him by the United States.
The memorialist sets forth that ten or twelve years
ago a suit was instituted by the United States
against her husband in his lifetime, for alleged
balances existing against him due on his accounts
with the Post Office Department, he being an
extensive mail contractor in the State of Pennsyl-
vania and other States. Owing to the loss of
some of the records of the Department, an uncer-
tainty prevailed as to the real state of the accounts;
and with his own consent, as well as in accordance
with the views of the chief of the Department, a
suit was instituted against him to try the fact in
the usual form. It was instituted in the circuit
court of the United States for the eastern district
of Pennsylvania; and after a very laborious and
careful examination—extending, it is alleged, I
believe, through six weeks, or two months per-
haps—the cause was decided. The jury gave a
veidict of over £,180,000 in favor of the defendant,
and against the United States. A writ of error
was taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States by direction of the Government. Thatwaa
dismissed. More than five years have now
elapsed since the judgment became final, and no
part of it has yet been paid. I am not sure what
committee I should move to refer this to, but it
strikes me that the Committee on the Judiciary is
the proper one. The question involved is one of
law—as to whether or not the party should be
paid by the Government. I move its reference to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of the
Union Canal Company, of Pennsylvania, praying
a grant of public land to aid in the completion of
their canal; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Hinesburg, Vermont, praying a reduction of the
rates of ocean postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the
heirs of Daniel Gookm, praying to be allowed the
commutation due him as a lieutenant in the revo-
lutionary army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Joseph Boyn-
ton, praying to be allowed the commutation due
him as a lieutenant in the revolutionary army;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Maine, in
relation to the claims of the State against the Uni-
ted States, for lands taken and required to satisfy
claimants under the treaty of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Maine,
in relation to certain proposed modifications of the
navigation laws of the United States, allowances
of fishing bounties, and reciprocal trade with the
Biitish North American colonies; which were
Oldered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Maine,
in relation to French spoliations; which were or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Maine,
in relation to the revenue laws of the United
States; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
{ SAlso, resolutions of the Legislature of Maine,
in favor of abolishing the spirit ration in the
