546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 6,
as the basis upon which these locations are to be I
made, certain lines of railroad from the Atlantic to |
the Pacific. After making this application of the !
provisions of the bill to the section of country
designated, it prescribes the limits of the applica-
tion to within four miles on either side of these
surveys. Now, I ask iftherecanbeany question
of order as to the pertinency of the proposed
amendment to the bill?
TheCHAlRMAN. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
-Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I do.
The question was then put, " Shalt the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?"
and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment ruled to be out of order.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 move to strike out the first
proviso in the last section* and to insert the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That all person's entering lands under the pro-
visions of this act shall be confined in making such entries,
to lands which now are, or may herealter be surveyed, at id
which are, at the trine of such entry, surveyed for sale, and
subject to private entry ; and not more than one half of any
section shall be selected, or entered, under this act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to know
whether the gentleman means the last section in
the printed bill, or in that which the committee
have inserted at the end of the bill?
Mr. BENNETT. I offer this amendment in
good faith. The object of it is to make the lan-
guage of the bill more definite. The bill now pro-
vides that the locations under this act shall be, as
far as may be practicable, in alternate quarter
sections. Now that language is very indefinite,
and never can be carried into effect. My amend-
ment makes it more definite, still carrying out the
object of the friends of the bill. My amendment
also confines the entries to lands that have been
surveyed. 1 do not know whether that provision
is alreadyin the bill, but I think it ought to be
adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bennett's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee rise, and report the bill and the amend-
ments to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The substituteof the gen-
tleman from Alabama is still pending.
Mr. GROW. I desire to offer a substitute for
the bill, and I will state the points in which it
differs from the bill as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform J
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the sub- i
stitute of the gentleman from Alabama nmat first
be considered- j
Mr. GROW. I thought it had been disposed >
of.
Mr. COBB. I am willing that the gentleman's j
substitute shall be considered before mine. j
Mr. HENN. I would suggest to those gen- ■
tlemen who have offered substitutes—and I am
one of the number—that we should all withdraw
them, and pass the bill in its present shape. 1 am
willing to withdraw mine.
Mr. GROW. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to
u question of order. I ask the Chair if it is in
order for any member, after he has offered amend-
ment after amendment to the original Lull, to in-
troduce a substitute, and go through the same
formalities with that, and then to oiler another
substitute and go through the same formalities
with that, and so on to the end of time, merely
for the soke of making Buncombe speeches here?
Mr. HAMILTON. I call the gentleman to
order. He is clearly out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
can offer his substitute in lieu of the substitute of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb 3]
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute of the
gentleman fiom Alabama must be read.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair: Is not every substitute amend-
able line by line?
The CHAIRMAN. Each substitute is amend-
able section by section.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Just as the original
bill has been?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly; the same.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Weil, I want the
House to understand what is being done.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the title of the bill, and insert—
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That any free white person, the head of a family and a
citizen of the United States, or any single white person
of the age of twenty-one and upwards, a citizen of the
United States, shall, trom and after the passage of this
act, be entitled to enter, free of cost. one hundred andsixty
acres, either i n the States or Territories, of any vacant sur-
veyed agricultural lands not reserved or appropriated, and
which shall not interiere with any existing lights, or a
quantity equal thereto, to belocated in a body, in conformity
I with the legal subdivision* ot the public lands
i Si.c.2. Jind be it further enacted, That the person ap-
* plying for the benefit of this act shall, upon application to
; the reenter of the land office in which he or she is about to
! make such entry, be permitted to enter the quantity of laud
j alreadv specified: Provided houcier, That no certificate
! shall be given or patent i^ue therefor until the expiration
! of jive year* from the date of such entry; and if, at the ex-
\ tion of such time, the person making  uch entry, or, if he
! be dead, hus widow, or, in case of her death, his heirs or
| devisee, or in ease of the widow making such entry, her
| heirs or devisee, in case of her death, shall prove by two
! credible witnesses that he, she, or tliej,have continued
; to re-ule upon and cultivate said land, and «ti!l reside upon
; the same, and have not alienated the same, or any part
1 thereof; then, in such case, he, she, or they, shall be en-
Utied to a patent, as in other cases provided for by J«nv :
j Jind provided further, That m ease of ihe death of both
i father and mother beiore the issuing of the patent, leaving
. a child or children under twenty-one years of ag<Mhe right
! and the fee shall mure to the benefit of taid child or clnl-
i dren, and the executor, admim-trator, or guardian, may, at
! anytime within two years alter the death of the&mviving
i; parent, and in accoi dance with the laws of the State or'Per- (
i, ritories where the land lies, sell t-aid lands far the benefit of .
(j saul children, but tor no other purpose: and the purchaser
j> shall acquire the absolute title by the purchase, and be en-
j! titled to a patent ftom the United States. ;
j[ Sec. 3. Jind U it further enacted. That the resistor of j
{' the land othce shall note all such applications on the tract- j
| books and plats of Ins olhee. and keep a regMerol all 1
i! such entries, and make return thereof to the General Land
1 OJJlee, together with the pioof nporuvhicli they have been j
founded. <
1 Skc.4. ^Ind beit further enacted, That if, at ,my time after '
i filing application,as required mthe s-eoond --emon of this act, 1
' and bctore the expiration of the live veais aforesaid, it riiall ,
i he proven, after sixty daW notice in wntin  reived upon ,
! the person, and to the satisfaction of tin- renter of the hind 1
! office, that thcpei <>n having filed such application shall 1
■ have actually ehansed his or her residence, or abandoned t
1 said entry for more than -i* months at any one time, tlien,
! and in that event, the land so entered shall levert back to
; the Government, and he disposed of as other public lands ;
1 now are by law, subject to an appeal to the Geneial Land i
■ Office.
i Sfo. 5. rfnd be it further enacted, That no individual ,
! shall be permitted to'make moie than one entry under the
■ pioviMons of this act; and that the Commissioner of the 1
' General Land Oiliee is hereby retimed to prepare and is-ue 1
1 such rules and regulations, consistent with this act. as shall j
be necessary and proper to carrj its provisions into effect; I
■ and that the registers and receivers of the several land ;
1 offices shall he entiled to receive the bame compensation
i for any lands patented under the provisions of this act that
1 they me now entitled to receive when the same quantity of
! land is entered with money; one half to be paid by the 1
per-iOn making the application at the time of so doing, and ■
the other hall on the issuing of the certificate bv the per- ■
; son to whom U may he issued : Provided, That nothing m
; tf)i« act shall be so eonsti ued as to mterU ic tth any valid
i claim to a preemption right, nor with the pei (Yction of title ,
, to any suspended entry or location made under and by vh- ■■
tue of any previous act of Congress : -9m/ provided futthn,
\ That in "all eases, under the provisions ot this act, theie 1
shall be a rieht of appeal to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Ofhee, and thence, as in other cases, to the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Sit. 0. Jlnd be it finthcr ctimfcd, That the lands of the
United States which shall have been in market for ten
yeais or upwards, prior to the time of application to enter
the same, and still lemaimng unsold, shall be Mibject to
sale at the prtee ot one dollar p:>i acre; and all of the lands
of the fruited States thai shall have heen m musket lot fifteen
yeais or upwards, a> aforesaid, and still remaining un-oUi,
shall he subject to sale ,Umm ent\ -ti\c cents pei acre ; and all
of the land-, of the (7m ted Stares flint shall have be<*n in mar-
ket for twenty vcais or upwards, as afoiesaul, ami still re- 1
mauiing unsold, shall be subject to sale at fjJtv cents per
acre; and all of tin- lands of the United States that shall
havt* been m market foi twenty five \ear- or upwards, as
aioiesaid, and still remaining unsold, shall be subject to
sale at twentv-fne cents per acre ; and all of the lands of
Hie United States thai shall have been in maiket for thirty
years and more, shall he s?nb)eet to sale at twelve and a
halt eents ptraere : Provided, That the provisions of this
section shall not extend to lands ie<-Prved to the United
States m nets grunting lands to States lor railroads or other
internal improvements, oi for any other purposes.
Sec. 7. Jh\d be it Jwther enurttd, That upon every re-
duction in price under the pio\ imohs of this not. ihe occu-
pant and scaler upon the land- shall have the right of pie-
einption at Mich  i adnated price, upon the same tei ms, con-
ditions, restriction*, arid limitations,£o which the next public
lands of the United States ntc nmv subject, until the next
graduation or reduction shall take place ; and if not so pur-
chased, shall again be subjeel to the right of preemption for
twelve months, as before, and so on fiom time to time, as
lediu lions shall take place : Provided, That nothing in this
sict shall be so consti ued as to interfere with anv right which
has or may accrue by virtue of any act granting preemption
to actual settlers upon public lands.
Shi.. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That arty person ap-
plying to enter any of the aforesaid lands tinder the provis-
ions of this act, shall he required to make affidavit before
the register or receiver of the proper land office that he or
she enters the saine for Ida or her own use, and for the pur-
pose of actual settlement and cultivation, or for the use of
an adjacent farm or plantation owned or occupied by him
or herself, and, together with said entry, he oi she has not
acquired from the United States under the provisions of
this act more than three hundred and twenty acres, accord-
ing to the established surveys; and if any person or pel sons
taking such oath or affidavit shall swear falsely in the prem-
ises, he or she shall be subject to all the pains and penalties
ot perjury.
Mr. COBB. 1 desire to make a few remarks
in explanation of my substitute for the bill; first,
the provisions of my amendment or substitute are
incorporated in the bill which has been pretty
well acted upon. True, there are a few sections
in the bill which I oppose—particularly that au-
thorizing foreigners, after the passage of the act,
to become citizens, by filing their declaration.
But, take the bill on the whole, it is a better bill
than mine as now amended. 1 like it best be-
cause it provides for females, and for all persons
having already forty acres of land, or jess than a
hundred and sixty; and 1 shall go for the bill
just acted upon heart and soul. The provisions
that have been attached to this bill 
Mr. CLINGMAN, I rise lo a question of
order. The gentleman is bound to speak in favor
of his own amendment or substitute, and has no
right to £0 of? into eulogy of the bill itself.
Mr. COBB. I am that much in favor of my
own amendment, that if it shall so turn out that
we shall not get the graduation clause attached to
this measure parsed now, I shall then go for my
own. But, knowing that we have a special order
coming up immediately on the heels of thepassag;e
of this measure, which does absolutely provide
for the graduation and reduction of the prices of the
public lands, and therefore covering the latter part
of my bill; and the first part of mine being more
perfect as presented in the gentleman's bill, I
shall support the bill as ordered by the committee;
and I withdraw for the present my substitute, re-
lying on the next bill which is to come up as a
special order as the onein which to provide for the
graduation and reduction of theprices.of the public
I lands.
i Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I object to
1 the withdrawal of the gentleman's substitute, be-
| cause in that case another can be offered; and I
I want to have this nailed.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair informs the
| gentleman from Illinois, that even after this sub-
j stitute should be rejected by the committee it
j would be in order to otfer another.
j A Member. Is it in order to speak against it?
I The CHAIRMAN. It is. The gentleman from
Illinois has a right to speak against it if he desires
to do so.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope that when the
reporter makes up the proceedings of to-day for
the Globe to-morrow, he will set me down as op-
posed to the custom of introducing bills in this
House, and then killing them dead by speaking.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama proposes to withdraw his substitute. Is it
the unanimous consent of the committee that he b©
permitted to do so?
Mr. JONRS, of Tennessee. I now move to
strike out ihe first section of the bill, and I do so
merely for the purposeof saying to the committee,
that if there be any substitute adopted, every
amendment that was made to the original bill will
he lost, and not one of them will be reported to
the House.
Mr. KEJTT. I move to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in or-
der in committee.
Mr. KEITT. Then I move to strike out the
first section.
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. What has be-
come of the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Cobb] has asked permission to with-
draw it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to his doing so.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection has been made
tothegentleman withdrawing his substitute. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Kejtt] pro-
poses to strike out the first section.
Mr. KEITT. 1 have not, Mr. Chairman, en-
gaged in this contest, to embarrass this bill by
mere parliamentary tactics, nor do 1 intend to
do so. But I desire to express to this committee
