1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
quite as well. Why not place the means in the
hands of the Postmaster General, and enable him
to employ steam packets plying on the Mississippi
river? Nature has dictated the policy, and, un-
less we are blind, we will seize upon the sugges-
tion.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether there is any regular mail line
on the Mississippi river?
Mr, WRIGHT. There is none. The law
giving the contract to the lowest bidder, (except
on certain pet lines,) is wrong in principle; for
the mails ought to be transmitted on the speediest
route.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I would beg
to refer the gentleman to the law of*August 31st,
1852, authorizing for the contracting for a daily
mail from Louisille.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand that full well.
I desire the necessary means placed at the disposal
of the Postmaster General, aud then, if the law is
not executed, there can be no two opinions as to
where the fault lies, i ask no special favors for
any particular section of country, but insist upon
equal and evenhanded justice. But who are to
be benefited by thia line? I might say that por-
tion of the people who mainly bear the burden of
the Government directly, and every other portion
of the people indirectly, except those Shylocks
who reside on the pet lines now in operation, and
who, owing to their superior means for informa-
tion, like harpies, prey upon those less favored.
Gentlemen upon this floor, who have in some
instances exhibited such a degree of prodigality in
the expenditures of the Government, that some
who desired to practice economy thought it al-
most criminal, may, by voting for this amend-
ment, do much to relieve themselves from that
obloquy and reproach which otherwise might at-
tach to them. They have a choice opportunity to
give a demonstration that if they are prodigal to
a fault they are just to a tittle.
[Here a member of the committee interrupted.]
Mr. WRIGHT. I am not at all taken by sur-
prise that gentlemen who have monopolized so
large a share of the time of the committee, in what
some thought useless and unprofitable discussion,
in the hope of filling the public eye, and swell-
ing themselves into an undue importance, should
grudgingly yield a few minutes to one who has
had the modesty, as well as forbearance, to sit in
silence under their daily efforts. It is said that
" modesty is a quality that highly adorns a wo-
man." It is extremely doubtful whether it would
bring its market value in this body, especially so
with those who most need it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen had waited
but for a moment, they might have saved them-
selves of all their trouble. I had not intended,
when I commenced, to occupy the attention of the
committee but fora few moments. I have already
exceeded the time I had allotted to myself; but the
importance of the subject must be my apology, I
would, however, appeal to every member of this
House, who resides within the limits of the Mis-
sissippi valley, to recollect their constituents and
the duties of the Representative. If they do this,
there will be but little uncertainty in the result of
this issue. I would ask them to remember, that
(t charity begins at home."
Mr. HIBBARD. For the purpose of termin-
ating; debate upon this bill, I move that this com-
mittee do now rise, wrth a view of offering, in the
House, a resolution to accomplish that object.
A Member. 4'Oh, no! let us go on."
Mr. H1BBARD. Well, as it is suggested
around me, that further debate may notbe desired
upon this amendment, on the part of any mem-
ber, if the committee is ready to take the question
upon it, 1 will withdraw my motion.
Mr. GREY. I should like to say a few words,
and I should like to have this whole matter fully
understood.
Mr. HIBBARD. After we shall have termin-
ated the general debate, the subject can be prose-
cuted under the five-minute rule, and it seems to
me that that will afford ample opportunity to say
all that is necessary to say upon it.
Mr. GREY. I think the committee will agree
to that amendment if they fully understand it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I dislike to be discourteous
to the gentleman, and prevent him from making
a speech, but really we have not time aUhis stage
of the session.
I will not occupy more than five
Very well; I withdraw my
Mr. GREY.
minutes,
Mr. HIBBARD.
motion.
Mr. GREY. I want but a few moments to ex-
plain the matter, for I am confident it is not un-
derstood by the committee and the House. The
assertion that there is no mail upon the Missis-
sippi river, from New Orleans up to the mouth of
the Ohio, will astonish the members of this House.
I ask gentlemen from New York what they
would think, if this Government should deny to
them a mail from New York city, up through
their noble Hudson, on to the northern part of the
State^and westward to the borders of the great
lakes? ^Congress, in the session of 1852, became
convinced that there ought to be a mail upon the
Mississippi river, and in August of that year a
bill was reported to the House, authorizing the
Postmaster General to advertise and establish a
mail from Louisville to New Orleans. That law
is still in existence now, and we are inquired of,
why ask any other law upon the subject ? I will
tell gentlemen, and tell the Committee of Ways
and Means why it is. Under the provisions of
that law, and according to the provisions of that
law, the Postmaster General, Mr. Hubbard, ad-
vertised. Accordingly, the bids were received,
and a contract entered into for the transportation
of that mail. When Postmaster General Camp-
bell, who succeeded Hubbard, came in, he an-
nulled the contract, and told the parties that he
could not carry out the contract with them.
Why? Because he thought the bids were too
high; and yet a contract, in pursuance of law, had
been entered into with the lowest bidder. But
that contract was annulled by the Postmaster
General; and he negotiated with the contractors,
and got them to take a less amount. Well, a new
contract was executed by the Postmaster General,
under the seal of the Government; but the very
day that contract was to go into operation, he
sent a special messenger on to Louisville, and an-
nulled and repudiated that contract also. I want
the House to understand that the Postmaster
General has disregarded the law of 1852, and left
us without a mail upon the Mississippi river.
And what has been his action since? The routes
were advertised, and the matter was to have been
acted upon last Thursday. Bids were in, but the
Postmaster General thought all of them too high,
and refused to accept any of them. In other
words, he decided that that section of the country
was not entitled to mail facilities if they cost so
much; and, therefore, he disregarded a positive
law of the Government, and refused to accept any
of the bids.
Well, sir, the matter came up in the Senate.
Senators from the West knew that he had repu-
diated the contract made for the carrying of that
mail, and therefore brought the matter before the
Senate for investigation The subject was inves-
tigated by a committee of^hat body, and a report
made upon it. And, sir, the Senate knew what
they were about when they inserted a provision
in this bill expressing the decided will of Congress
that the Postmaster General should carry into ef-
fect the law of 1852, and establish a regular mail
upon the Mississippi river. That law is now a
dead letter, because the Postmaster General will
not carry it out; and it will remain so as long as
we permit the Postmaster General to disregard it.
That law required the Postmaster General to ad-
vertise and to execute a contract for carrying the
mail from Louisville to New Orleans.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask the committee to '
remember that that whole extensive region of!
country, reaching from the Alleghanies to the ,
Rocky Mountains is all interested in the establish- j
ment of this mail. Every portion of it sends their j
produce to the New Orleans market, and are j
deeply interested in receiving daily intelligence as
to the state of that market. The Mississippi
river is the centralline for millions of dollars worth
of produce. But the people of the Mississippi
valley are not the only ones interested in the es-
tablishment of these mail facilities. The mer-
chants of New York are deeply interested in it.
They hear daily from Wisconsin, Ohio, Indiana,
Michigan, and all the northern and western States, !i
and it is of very great impoi tance that they should i
also hear daily from New Orleans. Yet, sir, in i
defiance of law, the present Postmaster General, j
who is an eastern man, who knows nothing, and i
I expect cares nothing, about the wants of the
West, has been permitted to disregard those wants,
►while he has made contracts for carrying the mail
in ocean steamers from the Atlantic cities at the
cost of $2,500,000 a year. I hope the House will
concur in this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HIBBARD. I think it is time that this
debate should be closed, and for that purpose I
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 have but a word to say,
and I hope the gentleman will withdraw his mo-
tion. i desire to say somethingupon this question,
and do not expect to trouble the House again. I
hope the gentleman will withdraw for the present.
Mr. HIBBARD. I cannot.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House, making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act to constitute Pilatka and Bayport, in
the State of Florida, ports of delivery respectively;
and ICeokuk and Dubuque, in the State of Iowa;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay,
widow of the late Colonel iEneas Mackay, deputy
quartermaster general United States Army,
Joint resolution for the relief of Brevet Captain
J. H. Lendrum, United States Army; and
A bill making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes.]
Mr. HfBBAKD. I move the usual resolution
to close debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Senate amendments
to the Post Office appropriation bill in five minutes
after its consideration shall be again resumed.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move that the House do
now resolve itself into the Committee of. the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Sen-
ate amendments to the Post Office appropriation
bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Mr. Chair-
man, the law, as it now stands, authorizes the
Postmaster General to establish this mail; but if,
it be the object to make it imperative on that
officer to do what the law now simply authorizes
him to do, then I think that it is incumbent on
this committee to ag^ee to that amendment. Sir,
it is a shame, an outrage on the rights of the
western people, that they should want the mail
facilities to be afforded by the adoption of this
provision. Now, I happen to know the fact that
the mails are sent on the Mississippi river by the
boats which will take them at the lowest price,
which are generally the slowest boats running on
that river. Gentlemen leaving Memphis, Ten-
nessee, have stopped at Natchez and Vicksburg,
posted letters there, and, after stopping twenty-
four hours at New Orleans, have returned home
before their letters had reached there by the mails.
In consequence of this state of things, the mer-
chants do not send their letters through the mails;
and 1 have been assured, by gentlemen who pro-
fess to know something of the matter, who ought
to, and who, I have no doubt do, know the facts
they state, that a very large proportion, even as
much as three fourths, of the mail matter, is carried
outside of the mails. The policy of cutting down
mail facilities in order to increase the receipts of
the Department is a very unwise and shorf-
sighted policy; and the effect of it will be to defeat
the very object in view. The only way to make
the system productive is to extend mail facilities,
and to send your mails upon the fastest possible
lines, and pay whatever may be necessary to
carry the mails from St. Louis or Louisville to
New Orleans in the shortest possible time. If this
