2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August S,
amendment, as 1 suppose it does, makes it im-
perative upon the Postmaster General to establish*
this mail, whatever may be the cost, within the
bounds of reason, after fair competition among
bidders, then I am ready to support it, because I
believe it to be my duty, by every consideration,
to do what I can to secure additional mail facilities
for that section of the country.
Mr. PHELPS. I move an amendment, to strike
out the last six lines of the amendment under con-
sideration.
I am opposed to the amendment of the Senate;
for, as I understand it, it intends to take away
from the Postmaster General that discretion which
he exercises over every other postal route in the
United States. For instance, the Postmaster Gen-
eral advertises proposals for carrying the mails
upon the various routes, reserving to himself the
right to refuse to enter into a contract with the
lowest bidder, if the amount proposed for the
transportation of the mails shall be unreasonable.
Two years ago there was an attempt to coerce the
Department to place a daily mail upon the route
between Louisville and New Orleans. Proposals
were invited, and the lowest amount that was
then bid was something like $450,0u(F for the per-
formance of that service daily. It was §40,000
additional for the performance of service from
Cairo to St. Louis. Prior to that time the mails had
been carried for so much per trip, the steamboats
being required to stop at the most important
points upon the river. That system seemed to
work very well.
The amendment now proposed by the Senate
changes the rights of the contracting parties. The
Postmaster General, in his annual report, states,
that upon the advertisement of his predecessor,
Mr. Hubbard, the lowest bid was §460.000 a year
for the whole service between New Orleans and
Louisville.
There are $40,000 appropriated for the line be-
tween St. Louis and Cairo. On the 4th of March,
1853, the Postmaster General made a different
regulation in regard to it; and proposals were re-
ceived for transporting the mails between Louis-
ville and WewOileans in seven days, each way;
and for additional mail lines between Louisville
and Cairo, &c., at a compensation of #279,569 per
year, being the average amount of the lowest bids.
This contract has been since executed, and the
facilities which it afl'ords are believed to be amply
sufficient. It took effect on the 1st of December
last, and is to remain in force till June 30, 1857.
One word more. There is an additional pro-
vision in this amendment, which requires that if
the Postmaster General make a contract, as re-
quired in the preceding part of the amendment, he
shall save the existing rights of all. That is what
the committee propose to strike out.
Mr. GROW. There is some mistake about
the mail on the Mississippi river. It is required
now to be carried as it has been carried for years.
The contract with Glover & Mather was made
by Mr. Hubbard, before^he present Postmaster
General came into office. This contract required
the mad service to be performed on boats without
freight. They were simply to carry passengers
and mails; bqt no freight. For this purpose the
Government agreed to pay large rates of compen-
sation. The contract was^ield by Glover &
Mather, at $450,000 per annum. But when they
came to execute that contract, in the last days of
Mr. Hubbard's administration—when they came
to perform the service of carrying the mails on
the river—instead of carrying them on boats with-
out freight, they took them on boats with freight,
as they had been always in the habit of doing.
As the contractors were not complying with the
terms of their contract, the Postmaster General
refused to pay the price stipulated, unless they
shoald carry the mails in boats having no freight
onboard; because he could get the service per-
formed m the same way at §279,000, and thus
ettect a saving to the Government of some *4160,000
a year m this item. He therefore gave notice to
the contractors that they should carry the mails
according to the terms of the advertisement and
?, 00ntract) and if not, that he should annul
it. The contractors found that they were unable
to coinpry with the stipulated terms; and for that
reason the contract, was annulled, and an arrange-
ment made to carry the mail between Louisville
1.1, ,r P Pa f°r msm per year. The
m&ii, therefore* has been since carried exactly as
it previously had been. Advertisements calling
for bids for carrying the mail between Louisville
and St. Louis have been published. Whether
the time for determining the contract has arrived
or not I do not know, but I understood that last
Thursday was the day.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to state whether or
not any mails have been carried under contract by
that line?
Mr. GROW. The mails have been carried by
Glover & Mather just as they had been carried
for years, and just as they were carried before
that contract was entered into. There is no regu-
lar contract now for the the yearly transportation
of the mails between these points. But, by a spe-
cial contract with Glover & Mather, they are car-
ried as they have been all the time. This contract
for transporting the mails in boats, not carrying
freight, was in order to save the time consumed
in shipping and unshipping freight.
[The committee here rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by the hands of Asbury
Djckins, Esq., their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh, with
an amendment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.]
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. GREY, if the gentleman will allow me j
a moment, I wish to make one remark. The gen- '
tleman states that the mail is carried from New
Orleans to Louisville by the trip, just as hereto- '
fore. Sir, I tell the gentleman it was carried by
the trip, but it amounted to a nuisance, and it was
worse than no mail; and the Congress of this na- ;
tion, becoming convinced of that, and seeing the
necessity of other arrangements, passed a law au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to advertise for,
and let out a contract for, a regular mail by boats,
to such parties as would give good bond and se-
curity for performing the work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was notagreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 beiievetbattheamendment
ought to be adopted, and I shall merely say afew
words to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order, unless he offers an amendment.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I move to strike out
the words u authorize and," m the seventh sec-
tion. I believe this section should be adopted. It
does simply one thing; it insures a mail between
Cairo and New Orleans by sections, or stages—
Cairo being at the junction of the Ohio and the Mis-
sissippi rivers. It then insures a mail between Keo-
kuk, Iowa, and the lower parts of the river. Our
mail service on :he Mississippi river is in a bad con-
dition at the present Upi*. The carryingof the mail
between the principal points will soon be done by
railroads, but we require a regular mail upon our
river for our way mails, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is bound to give it The Senate have put
in this provision, and I believe it was by unani-
mous consent that it was put in. The gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr Wright] is correct in ask-
ing that we should concur in it, and not exclude
it, m conformity with the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
One word more: For three years we have been
struggling to get a mail. Postmaster General
Hubbard let the last mad contract to Glover &
! Mather, and_ the trouble with the contract was
I this: There is no such woid m the contract as
j •« freight," but there was some such word in the
advertisement for the contract. The Postmaster
General insisted that the advertisement was part
of the contract. The contractors contended that
it was not. Why, $1,000,000 a year would not
pay a man for running a line of boats from New
Orleans to Louisville, unless they were permitted
to carry freight. The advertisement was no part
of the contract. Can gentlemen show me an in-
stance where the advertisement enters into any
, part of the contract? The present Postmaster
| General altered Mr. Hubbard's contract,and that
| produced all the difficulty; and in the conflict be-
; tween the PostmasterGeneralandthecontractors,
the Postmaster General insisted that they should
not carry freight, when every man who knows
anytmng about it knows that $1,000,000 would
not pay for running a line of boats to carry the
mail, excluding freight. That interpolation pro-
duced the difficulty; and the result is, that we have
now no mail upon the river.
I hope the House will concur in that amend-
ment of the Senate, and make it obligatory on the
Postmaster General to let that contract for carry-
ing the mail. I concur with the gentleman from
Mississippi, and with the gentleman who repre-
sents the Memphis district, [Mr. Stanton,] and, I
believe,every man in this House, who represents
any portion of the Mississippi river, believes that
this mail ought to be established by this House.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Kentucky. la there any mail
service in th,e United States where the carrying of
freight is prohibited ?
Mr. PRESTON. I do not know. I cannot
answerthequestion. But, sir, afty one who knows
anything of the business of steamboating upon
the Mississippi river, knows that it is impossible
to maintain a line of mere passenger boats there.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the Senate
amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Seward, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 52.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MAXWELL. It was my misfortune, when
this bill was taken up, to have been called to the
Senate on business connected with bills  n that body.
I desire to say now, in justice to myself, that, at
Key West, a place of three or four thousand in-
habitants, and wherean immense commerce passes
annually, there only a semi monthly mail, with
the exception of two months of the year. Many
shipwrecks occur on that coast, and there ought
to be speedy mail communication with all the
commercial points of the Union.
Mr. HIBBARD. We have passed the subject
to which the gentleman proposes to speak, and I
object to his proceeding farther out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HIBBARD. i move that the committee
do now rise, and report the amendments of the
Senate to the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ment of the Senate to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, and had directed him to report the same
back, some with, and others without concurrence.
^ Mr. HIBBARD. I demand theprevious ques-
tions on the adoption of .the amendments.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The first amendment of the Senate, in which
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended aconcurrence, was agreed to.
Mr. LILLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion wae agreed to.
Second amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following section :
Sec. 3. -And he it further enactcrf, That hereafter the
Postmaster General be authorized and directed to continue
the mail service between Chaileston, Key Wes-t, nncl Hava
na during August and September, by a competent steamer;
as it is now being performed during ten mouths of year,
and that to enable him to do so j i0,00u sue hereby appio-
pmted, out of any money m the Treasury r.ot otheiwit-e
appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Sec. 4. Jlnd he it further en artel, Thatthere heailovved
and paid to the the pobtinastei of Washington city, District
of Columbia, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, a commission of one mill ppr pound
upon the aggregate weight of public documents printed by
order of Congress and deposited in the office of said post
master by mail, the eaid allowance to commence with th*
