548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill now pro-
vides that in case of the death of father and mother,
the lands shall be sold for the benefit of the minor
children.
Mr. GROW". Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him one question?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromTen-
nessee having yielded the floor altogether no fur-
ther .debate is in order.
The question waa taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 desire to propose an
amendment. 1 have no copy of the bill before
me, but 1 call attention to that provision of the
bill which- 
The CHAIRMAN. The bill having been read
through by sections no amendment is in order,
except as an additional section. Does thegentle-
man propose an additional section '
Mr. McMULLlN. Will it he in order to re-
new the amendment offered by thegentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has been rejected
by the committee, and cannot again be offeied
Mr. McMULLlN, Will it be m older to move
to strike out the last section of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. That section has been
agreed to by the committee, and no motion to
Strike it out can be entertained.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will it be in order to move
the substitute offered by the gentleman, all except
the last section 5
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment will be
in order.
Mr. McMULLlN. Well, sir, I submit that as
an amendment to the original bill, and upon it I
desire to offer a few remarks. I regret that the
original bill, as tepoited by the committee, con-
tains a provision which gives this land to all the
citizens of the United States over twenty-one yeais
of age. I should have greatly preferred it if it had
been modified to correspond with the original bill
reported to the Thirty-Second Congress, and that
its benefits should have been confined to those
who own no land. But, inasmuch as this com-
mittee have thought proper to agree to this bill
with this provision, objectionable as it is, I expect
to giveit mv support, i regret that I was not pres-
ent to hear the argument of my distinguished col-
league against this bill. I expect to stand solitary
and alone from the great State of Virginia in us
support 
Mr. HENDRICKS, (interrupting.) Are these
remarks in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Vir-
ginia must confine himself to the explanation of
his amendment.
Mr. McMULLlN. Theamendment covers the
whole subject of the bill, and my remarks were,
therefore, strictly in order. I think the gentleman
from Indiana was a little out of order himself m
interrupting me to make such a point of order.
I hold, in the first place, that it is perfectly com-
petent for Congress tu pass such a bill as this.
The Constitution says that Congress shall have
power to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations concerning the territory and other
property of the United States. The constitutional
objection raised by gentlemen to this bill does not,
therefore, weigh one feather with me. 1 hold that
Congress has clearly the constitutional power to
pass1 this bill.
I hold, further, that it is not only constitutional,
but expedient, and called for by the best interests
of the old States. I regret todiiT'er upon this point
from such a large number of gentlemen represent-
ing the old States of the Union.
Congress has given lands time and again to
soulless corporations, and if we have the power to
give lands to soulless corporations, have we not
also the power to give lands to the honest and in-
dustrious citizens of the country? Clearly we
have. If I had time, I think 1 could show the
committee that, as a financial question, it is the in-
terest of the Government to make this disposition
pf the public lands. By this bill, you invite all
the citizens of the country to take possession of a
part of the lands, and in that way the old States
Will come in for their share of them.
But one of the objections made by mv col-
league and others to the bill is that it would depop-
ulate the old States and build up the new States.
Nosv ifj under the operation of this bill, Vir-
ginia loses some of her industrious, hard-working
citizens, who will they be? Sir, they will be those
industrious, hard-working men who now contrib-
ute one third of their labor to the land-owners of
the country. Let them go to the new States and
have homes of their own on which they can de-
vote all their time and labor instead of paying one
third of it to the landed aristocracy of the country.
If 1 had time, I could show that this bill will
also enable that class of the population to pay
into the National Treasury a larger amount of
money than they now pay. Why? Because they
will be enabled to purchase more fine goods and
manufactures than they can now purchase, and in
that way they will add to the revenue of the coun-
try.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think that the bill has
been amended enough, and 1 hope that thisamend-
ment will not prevail.
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
lin's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I have written it hastily, and it may not,
pejhaps, be considered germane to the bill; but in
order that the Chair may be able to decide that
question, I will read it. It is as follows:
Add as an additional section to the hill:
Si-o.—. %And be it further en<ntcd, That the alternate
sections of land tor winch distribution is not provided in
tilbill, shall be !?<>t apart, so as to provide for the gr.mt of
one bundled and sixty aeres of land to all the soldier* of the
wai ot 1S12, or their surviving "widows and children ; and
also to any of tho?e who were engaged in any of the Indian
warn since 1790.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I supposed the Chair would
do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 now move that
the committee rise, and report the bill and the
amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of tfie Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 37,
known as the homestead bill, and had directed
him to report the same back with sundry amend-
ments?, and ask the concurrence of the House
therein.
Mr. DAWSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The cal! for the previous question was seconded;
there being, on a division—ayes 87, noes not
counted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sub-
mit to thegentleman from Pennsylvania the pro-
piiety of letting the bill he over until to-morrow,
that the amendments may be printed.
Mr. DAWSON. There are very few amend-
ments, and we can act on them now as well as to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
moves, by unanimous consent, that the bill and
amendments he over till to-morrow, that the latter
may be printed.
[Cries of" I object!"]
Mr. DEAN. Territorial business has prece-
dence to-morrow.
The main question was then ordered to he put.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the amendments made in committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose that the
Clerk read the amendments, and that those which
are not asked to be separately voted on, be voted
on en tna-ise.
The SPEAKER. As a matter of convenience,
it is proposed that the various amendments by the
committee shall be read over, thatif any one desires
n separate vote upon any one of the amendments he
shall rise in his place and say so, and a separate
vote shall be had, and that the remaining ones on
which no separate vote is asked shall be voted on
en masse. Is it the pleasure of the House to take
that course?
There was no objection.
Mr. ASHE. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, after the House has passed through the
different amendments, we have not a right to de-
mand a separate vote upon the different sections
of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to amend
I the bill when the House is brought to vote upon
| it under the operation of the previous question.
| Mr. ASHE. I do not want to amend the bill.
' I want the question divided.
! The SPEAKER. The effect of the previous
| question, if ordered, would be to cut off all division
1 of the question.
| Mr. ASHE. Do I understand the Chair to
\ decide that the previous question cuts off alldivis-
j ion of the question ?
The SPEAKER. It cuts off the right to amend
[ the original b>ll, and brings the House to vote
; directly upon the amendments proposed by the
committee, and then upon the engrossment of the
' bill as a whole.
' A Member. Not by sections ?
I The SPEAKER. Not by sections.
I Mr. ASHE. Then,Mr. Speaker, in justice to
myself, I give notice that I sha^l be compelled to
! demand a separate vote on all the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report ths
first amendment.
The amendment was read,, as follows:
" In the first section, after the word ' any,"1 insert worcb
'free white.'"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that
amendment i demand a separate vote? and I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GOODE. Is it m order now to make a
motion that this; hill be laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is m order.
Mr. GOODE. Then, Mr. Speaker, I am dis-
posed to test the sense of the House, whether they
ace determined to pass the bill at ail. \ wish to
know whether there be a majority in its favor.
Mr. DAWSON. I call the gentleman from
VTinrinia to order.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must temember that debate under the oper-
ation of the previous question is not in order.
Mr. GOODE. i am not very familiar with the
rules of the House, but I should like to be allowed
to make a statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only be
permitted to do so by the unanimous consent of
the House.
There was objection.
Mr GOODE. Then I move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that proposition I demand the
yeas and nays'.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question way then taken, and there were—
yeas 60, nays 121; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Belcher, Bennett, Boeoek, Boyee, Brook*, <Ja«kic,
Chastain, Clubman, Colquitt, Craijje, Crocker. Ciimimnc,
Dent, Dickinson, Dowdcll, EdmaiwR F.dnmnd-ou, Faulk-
ner, Franklin, Puller, Goode, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris,
Haven, Hihhai d, Hill, Hunt, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr. Kid well
Kuiredjie, Kurl/,, Leu her, MxNair, McQ.ueen, May, Smith
Miller, "MilKon, Morrison, John I'cikins. fMulfifx, Pratt,
Puryear, Bee^e, linger*, Rovve. RufTin. Seward, Sejmour,
Shaw, William Snnth. Geoige W. Srovth, SnodL'rass. Alex-
ander H. Stephen^, Tiacj, and I>aniel 11. Wimht—BO.
NAYS - Me^rs. Ahcrerombie, James U. Alien, Willis
Allen. Appfeton, Banks Benson, Benton, Breckinridge,
Undoes, Bust:, Campbell, Carpenter, Ccirtither-, Chamber-
lain, ( ihandlei , Chn^CjChi it-man, 11hmoh well, Clark, Cobb,
Ooiwm, Cox, Cnlloin, CiKUi'tf, John G. Davis, Thomas
Davis Dawson, Dean, De Witt, Diek, Disney, Drum, Dun-
bar, Kaufman, Edizerton, Elii"ti, Ellison, En<rh-h, Ewmsr,
Farley, Floienco, Gamble, (JnMtn^s, Goodrich, Green,
Greenwood, Giev, Crow, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Hastings, Hemhicks, lleun, Houston, Howe, Hu«hes, In-
gersoil, Johnson, Daniel T. Joue-?. George W. Jones,
Roland Jone-*, Knot, Lane, Lmdley, Lmd^ey,-M( Cut-
loch, jVTeOoujrall, MeWuHiii, Maey, iMuUeson, Maxwell,
Maya!!, Meaeham, Middl^swarth, John G. Mi>lei,Morgan,
NiclioN. Noble, Noiton, Oid.«, Andrew Oliver, Mnrdecai
Oliver, Peokham, Pennington, Phelps, Preetmi, Prmgle,
Ready, Riehaid on, Thomas Ritehey, Rohhrns, Ku-self,
Sabni, Sapp, Shannon, Shower, Smtrleton. Geint Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard li. Stanton, lienor L. Stevens, Stratton, An-
drew Smart, John L. Tavloi. Thnrsion, Trout, Tweed,
Uphnni. V.til, Vansant, W.'ijhjidff^, Wanen, EJhfm
B. Wa.-hlumie, l^iael Wash bin n, John Wentworth/Tappan
Wentwor.h, Weatbrook, Wheeler, Ilcndrtck B. Wright,
Yates, and Zollicoflei—121.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
amendment which has been reported.
Mr. ASHE. A few minutes a^o I demanded
a separate vote on each amendment. 1 now
withdraw that demand, seeing; that there is a de-
cided majority in the House in favor of the bill.
The SPEAKER. There has been,however?a
separate vote demanded on the first amendment,
and the yeas and nays have been ordered.
