1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
fiscal year beginnin Julyl, 1853, and to be computed for
the first year from the ascertained weight for the month of
January, and that the said postmaster be required to
pay out of the said commissions to the clerks and other
employees of his office a sum not exceeding $350 each per
annum, as compensation for the extra labor performed by
them in the assortment and mailing of said documents, and
that he be required to account for and settle with the Post-
Offlce Department for the disbursement of these commis-
sions, and any surplus that may remain, in the same manner
as is now required m the settlement of his other accounts.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the surviving late
Vice President of the United States shall have, during his
life, the same authority to frank letters and other mail
•natter, which he possessed whilst in office, and the same
authority shall belong to the future Vice Presidents, after
they go out of office.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Sec. 5. J3nd be \tfurther enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Cran-
ston Laurie a reasonable compensation for performing the
duties of two clerks in the Post Office Department, not to
exceed the half pay of a clerk for the time he was so em-
ployed.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment!
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized and directed to establish a mail on
the Mississippi river irom Cairo to New Orleans, and from
Keokuk, Iowa, to Galena, in Illinois; and that he con-
tract for the same in one line, or in such divisions or sec-
tions, or both, as may be most compatible with the public
service ; and to facilitate the execution of this section, the
Postmaster General may make immediate temporary ar-
rangements for carryingsaiu mail by the trip, andifhe fails
to obtain acceptable bias, after advertising for thirty days,
he may make private contracts for carrying sanl mail, and
the said mail shall be carried daily from Cairo to New
Orleans, but the Postmaster General is authorized, at his
discretion, to restrict tile delivery of the mail at all other
point* than Cairo, Memphis, Napoleon, Vieksburg, Nat-
Chez, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans, to tllree mails a week
each way: Prowled, Nothing heiem contained shall be so
construed as to Impair the rights of paities heretofore con-
tracting for said beivice.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole recommend a concurrence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays wer^iot ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grey and
Robbins were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 36.
So the sixth amendment was concurred in.
Mr BARKSDALE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to, and
also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbcry Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed the
following joint resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the time fixed by the resolution of the first of July for
the adjournment of the present session of Congress be, and
the same hereby is, extended to Monday, the 7th instant,
 t twelve o'clock, in.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills,- reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Daniel Steenrod; and
An act to establish certain post roads.
bounty land for officers, etc.
Mr. COBB. 1 desire 'o do an act for the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] which he
has not had an opportunity of doing for himself,
but which ou::h! to be done, and which 1 hope
the House will give me their assistance in doing
now.
By referring to the Calendar in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it will be
seen that the first bill in order, and the first we
should consider if we were to go into committee,
is House bill No. 8, to repeal the first proviso
of the fourth section of the act entitled " An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soU
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States," approved September
28, 1850.
I ask the House to take up that bill and pass it.
I will state to the House, that when we had
under consideration originally the bill to grant
bounty lands to officers and soldiers of the Army,
it was supposed that we should be exceedingly
hard run for votes; and in order to get the then
members of Congress to vote for it, we added a
proviso excluding all persons who were then mem-
bers of Congress from the benefits of the act.
There were then about six or seven members who
would have been included.
It is but sheer justice now that we should re-
peal that proviso. They were gallant men; they
rendered honorable service to the country; and I
think it but justice to them that we should grant
them the same privileges which are enjoyed by
others who served with them in the Army. Col-
onel Bissell reported the bill early in thesession,
and I ask that, injustice to him, the House will
take up the bill and pass it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Alabama answer me one question ?
Mr. COBB. 1 do not know whether I shall be
able until 1 hear it.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman tell me by
what vote the bill, to which he refers, passed the
House ?
Mr. COBB. I think it passed finally by a very
heavy vote; but it is nevertheless true, that at one
time we expected to be very hard run for votes.
There were men in that House who were opposed
to every measure that proposed to do justice to
the old soldiers.
Mr. JONES. It is the first time I ever heard
that the friends of the bill expected to be troubled
for votes enough to pass it.
Mr.«COBB. Well, I had more to do with the
bill than the gentleman had. I introduced it, and
it was under my guardianship during the entire
time it was pending. It is true, as I said, that
when the bill came to a final vote a large majority
of the House voted in favor of it. But at an ear-
lier portion of the session, the prospects for its
passage were not by any means flattering. In
this state of the case the persons then members of
Congress, who had been in the Army, came for-
ward and offered to sacrifice their own claims to
justice, in order that justice might be done to
others. This proviso was accordingly added, ex-
cluding them from the benefits of the law; and it
is to do justice to these very individuals that I ask
the House to pass this bill. I now ask the con-
sent of the House to discharge the "Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, with a view of
putting it upon its passage.
Mr. ROBBINS. I desire to inquire of The gen-
tleman from Alabama whether the bill proposes
to repeal the whole law to which he refers?
Mr. COBB. No, sir; only the proviso that
excludes those who were then members of Con-
gress from its benefits.
There was no objection; and the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I move to put the bill upon its
The bill was read in extenso.
It was then ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION or JOINT RULES.
Mr. COBB. I move that the 16th and 17th
joint rules be suspended, so that the bill may
go to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senate sent us
a resolution suspending the 16th and 17th joint
rules for the remainder of the session; but we have,
so far, refused to take it up for action. Then we
suspended those rules in order to send that body
the bill to repeal the Minnesota land bill; but it
refused to suspend the rules, and the bill was
returned to us.
A Member. But they passed it.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; they did pass a bill on
the same subject, but not the bill which we sent
from here. They took a copy of it, and moved
it as an amendment to a private bill. I now pro-
pose that we take up and pass the resolution of
the Senate for the suspension of those rules.
Mr. COBB. I understand that before, when
that resolution was proposed to be taken up, the
gentleman himself objected. I have no objection •
to its now being taken up and passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I object.
Mr. JONES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. SAGE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Virginia, and Grey, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 42.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the pre-
vious question upon the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to. ^
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills, which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
select the residue of the lands to which she is en-
titled, under the act of the 8th of August, 1846, to
aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers;
An act authorizing the extension of the Alexan-
dria and Washington railroad into the District of
Columbia, and conferring certain privileges on the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company;
An act to incorporate the National Hotel Com-
pany of Washington city;
An act to constitute Cairo, in the State of Illi-
nois, a port of delivery;
An act authorizing the State of Illinois to select
the residue of the lands to which she is entitled,
under the act of the 2d of March, 1827, granting
land to aid that State in opening a canal to connect
the waters of the Illinois river with those of Lake
Michigan;
An act to vest in the several States and Terri-
tories the title in fee of the lands which have been
or may be certified therein;
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Culver;
An act to amend the provisions of the fifty-sixth
section of the act entitled " An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage,"
approved the 2d of March, 1799; and
An act constituting San Pedro, in the State of
California, a port of entry and delivery.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask my colleague to
yield the floor a few moments, to enable me to
make a brief explanation due to an absent friend
and member of this House. The gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] in referring to a bill which
passed a few moments since, designated it as " Col-
onel Bissell's bill." It is true, Colonel Bissell
reported the bill from the Committee on Military
Affairs,.and is one of the gallant officers of our
Mexican army who will receive a land bounty
by virtue of its provisions. Yet it is due to that
distinguished gentleman to say, that the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs aeted upon the subject in
pursuance of a resolution adopted by this body;
that Colonel Bissell took no part m the delib-
erations or action of the committee upon that bill;
and, I think, it was on the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] thathewas '
instructed to report the bill to this House. I have
deemed this brief explanation due to the character
of that gentleman.
Mr. HOWE. The gentleman from Virginia
has correctly stated the facts in connection with
this bill. Colonel Bissell behaved with remark-
able delicacy in the matter. Knowing that, under
the provisions of the bill, he would be entitled to
bounty, as a recipient of the favors granted by
| the bill, he declined acting on the matter in the
i committee; and it was upon my motion that he
was directed to report the bill to the House.
REPEAL OF MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
Mr. LETCHER, is there a bill upon the
table for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh?_
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair under-
stands that there is such a bill on the table.
