2118
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr. LETCHER. Then I shall do what I have
not done here for some three years—move to take
up a private bill for consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to return my thanks
*io the gentleman from Virginia for calling up a
bill for the relief of one of my constituents. [A
laugh.] I desire to have it passed.
Mr. ORR. 1 should like to have the bill read
before unanimous consent is given—the entire
bill, with amendments.
Mr. WALSH.. I shall do what I very seldom
do; that is, object. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to suspend
the rules, in order to enable me to submit a mo-
tion to take up the bill.
The bill, which was read through, simply pro-
vides for the payment of a pension to the indi-
vidual named therein.
The Senate amendment, which was also read,
was as foliows:
Sec.2  Jlndbeit further enacted, That the bill entitled
An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the construc-
tion of a railroad therein," which passed the House of
Representatives on the 20ih of June, 1854, and which was
approved by the Pie^ident of the United States on the2[Hh
of June, 1854, be, and the same is hereby, re0aled.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. COOK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were,
on a division—ayes 101, noes 26.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to take up the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question on' the adoption of the amend-
ment.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the Senate amend-
ment,
Mr. HENN said: I move to lay the bill upon
the table. I want to find outif there are any rail-
road men in the House.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay the bill and amendment
upon the table was not agreed to.
The Senate amendmentwas then agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. There is an amendment in
the title to make it conform to the bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the title the words " and to repeal the
act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the conduction ot
o. railroad therein," ho that the lull, a* amended, would
read:
An act for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh, and to repeal
the act to aid the Territory ol Minnesota m the conjunc-
tion of a railroad theiein.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to give way for a moment,
to allow me to ask the consent of the Blouse to
take up the resolution from the Senate extending
the session until Monday next. It is evident that
we cannot dispose.of all the business before us
before twelve o'clock to-morrow. I hope the
House will pass that resolution, and then adjourn
for the night.
Mr. PRESTON. I cannot give way for that
purpose.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the gentleman to give
way to me for a moment.
Mr. PRESTON". For what purpose ?
Mr, DAWSON. To enable me to move to
postpone the further consideration of the home-
stead bill until the next session of Congress.
Mr. PRESTON. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I have made
severalmeffectual attemptstobringto theconsuier-
ftl0.u o "ouse t®le Jiomestead bill, as amended
by the Senate. Had I succeeded in getting- it be-
fore the House I should have moved an amend-
merit that would have restored fully the homestead
feature of that bill. It is now evident that, at this
late period of the session, it will not be possible to
consider it; and I, with a view of placing it in a
position where we can amend it and bring it to a
final vote at the earliest moment, ask the consent
pf the House to offer the following resolution, to
which I hope there will not be a dissenting voice:
Resolved, That House bill No. 37, with the Senate amend-
ments thereto, be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state ot the Union, and made the special order for
the third Tuesday in December next, and from day to day
until disposed ot.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of enabling me to offer the reso-
lution.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House will allow me,
I will suggest that if they will consent to extend
the session until ten o'clock on Monday morning,
we can then dispose of that bill before weadjourn.
[Cries of <( Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a proposi-
tion to all parties m the House whose bills have
been conflicting with each other for the last two
days.
[Renewed and prolonged cries of " Order 1"]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Daw-
son's motion; and (two thirds not voting in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbutiy Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body insisted on its amend-
ments to the Post Office appropriation bill, and
asked a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses.]
Mr. PRESTON obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. H1BBARD. If there be no objection, I
move that, a committee of conference be appointed
to meet the one appointed by the Senate, on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I fibject,
and shall object until the river and harbor bill is
referred.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. PRESTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take up and put on its
passage Senate bill (No. 434) "to provide for
taking charge of the Louisville and Portland canal,
and to prevent the same from falling into bad
repair." I will state its features, and, if allowed
to do so, I do not think, when I have concluded,
that any gentleman will object. The President
has recommended that the Louisville and Portland
canal should be taken in charge.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object.
Mr, PRESTON. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
The same provision is made tn the river and har-
bor bill as is made in this bill, but with the differ-
ence that in this there is no appropriation.
Mr. ENGLISH. As I understand, it is not
in the river and harbor bill exactly as it is in this
one.
Mr PRESTON. I think that it is; but I will
not argue the question. I demand the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 91, nays 59, as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Appleton, Bennett, Benson, B hs«, Breck-
inridge,Cam phell, Carpenter, Cai uthers. Chandler, Churrb-
well, Clark, Cox, Cullom, Curtis, Thorns Davi-*, Dawson,
De U'ltf, I/iclv. Ihinhar, LHmham, Edgerion, iOdmands,
Thom.K !)- iClior, Dlu-on, Evorhart, Feiuon, Flakier, Flor-
ence. Goodttch, Green, Gieertwood, Grey, Grow, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew.!. Hat Ian, Harrison, [faven, flenn, Hill,
Howe, flu-rlie?. Hunt, Roland Jone>, Kerr, Kidwcll, Knox,
LuuKlev, McDouirall, Maimce, NichoN, Norton. Andrew
Ohvei, Motdeeai Oliver, Parker. Pennington, Preston, Piin-
gle, Reese, Riddle. David Rueiue, Robbing Russeil, Sabin,
Sapp, Shower, Simmon*, Germ Smith, William
Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Alexan-
der II Stephens Hector L. Stevens Strauh, Andrew Smart,
David Stuart, John L. Taylor, N'.uh tniel G. Taylor, Thurs-
ton. Tweed, Upborn, Wade, WalJev, Flhlui R. Wa-bhurne,
Israel Washburn. John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, Jtomel B. Wiujhr, and ZoUicoffer—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Jame-s C. Allen, Willis Allen, David
J. Bailey, Barlwlale, Bocock. Bridge*. Brooks. Ca-kie,
Chamberlain, Clmgman, Cobb, Ctaige, Dowdeil. Eastman
Kdinundson, English, Fuller, Gtddtn^, Goode, Sampson
W. Harris, Daniel T. Jones, George Jones, Ktttreds;e
Kurtz. Lamb, Lil/y, McNair, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Mil-
ler, Million, Morrison, Murray, On. Packer. John Peikms
Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Rowe, Rntlln, Shaw, Singleton !
Skelton, George W. Smylh, Stiatton. John J. Taylot, Vail :
Vansant, Walbridge, Walsh, aud Wells—52. i
So the rules were not suspended; two thirds not
voting- in the affirmative.
CAPTAIN DUNCAN N. INGRAHAM.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to .take up House resolution (No. 7) (i of
thanks of Congress and presentation of a medal to
Captain Duncan N. Ingraham," returned from
the Senate with amendments.
Mr. DUNHAM, (in his seat.) I object.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be suspended
for that purpose.
Mr. HENN. I do not believe that a gentleman
has the right to object unless he rises in his place
and makes it.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, I rise in my place and*
object.
Mr. C AMPB SLL. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina whether, if the rules
be suspended in this case, the gentleman will sup-
port a motion for a suspension of the rules in
order that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of a bill relating to the conferring of
the title of lieutenant general? If not, I object.-
Mr. ORR. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. ORR. As the objection is withdrawn, I
call for tellers.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Senate have sent down the Post Office
appropriation bill, informing us that they insist
upon their amendments disagreed to by the House.
I move that we insist upon our disagreement, and
that a committee of conference be appointed upon
the part of the House, to meet a like committee on
the part of the Senate, upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mf\ Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The Chair does not
consider that a privileged question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Speaker so ruled to-
day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
aware that it has been ruled to be a privileged
motion for a committee of conference to report at
any time.
Mr HOUSTON. *And also to ask for a com-
mittee of conference. The Speaker so ruled in
regard to the civil and diplomatic bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the Speaker so ruled this morning
in relation to a committee of conference upon the
civil and diplomatic bill, and will entertain the
gentleman's motion.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Hib-
bard's motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 move to disagree to the
amendments of the Senate upon the river and
harbor bill, and ask for a committee ofconference.
The SPE AKERprotempore. Thereareamend-
ments to the river and harbor bill which have
never been before the House, and if taken up un-
der the rules and practice of the House, they
would have to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVEiY. I move to disagree to the
amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This morning a
committee ofconference was asked for upon the
degreeing votes of the two Houses in relation to
(he Post Office appropriation bill. In that case,
it will be recollected that the Senate amendments
to the Post Office bill were considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
were reported to the House, and that the House
took action upon them. They have since been
sent to the Senate, and the Senate insist upon
their amendments disagreed to by the House, and
ask for a committee of conference. The gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] asked
that the message asking for a committee of con-
i ference might be taken up and agreed to, which
was done; and in that condition of things it was
ruled to be a privileged motion. The river and
harbor bill, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] sees, is not in that condition.
Mr. ORR. That bill is not before the House,
but is upon the Speaker's table.
