550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
laws in relation to bounty lands that whenever an applicant
for bounty land under any act shall die or may have died
after tiling in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions
Ins application and evidence sufficient to substantiate the
same, before the issue of any warrant ihereon, the heirs of
&uch applicant sfraJI be entitled to receive a warrant for the
same amount of land that the deceased would have been
entitled to if living.
Mr. NOBLE. I desire to say that I was with-
out the bay at the moment the vote was taken on
the passage of the homestead bill, or I should have
recorded my vote in favor of it.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to that.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion, and it was agreed to; and, thereupon, the
House, at twenty minutes past three o'clock, ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE. ]
Tuesday, March 7, 1854. j
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbuus. j
The Journal of Friday was read and approved. (
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. j
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a j
message from the President of the United States, !
transmitting the report of the Board of Inspectors [
of the Penitentiary of the District of Columbia j
for the year ending December 31, 1853; which [
was referred to the Committee for the District of j
Columbia. j
VOTE ON THE NEBRASKA. BIT.L. ]
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President, I am de- !
strous of making a brief explanation to the Senate j
in regard to myself. I was absent from my I
place, necessarily, when the vote on the passage
of the Nebraska bill was taken on Saturday
morning. I was severely indisposed at the time;
and, as is well known to my friends, my genera!
state of health for the last two or three weeks has
not been good. 1 was over fatigued by the late-
ness of the hour, and having remained in the
Senate till half past three o'clock, was utterly |
unable to remain any longer. I suppose it cannot i
be a matter of doubt with any of my brother Sen- ]
ators how i should have voted. Having non- i
concurred in the Committee on Territories, before 1
the bill was brought into the Senate, on the ques- !:
tion of reporting it; having expressed my opinions i'
in full in opposition to the policy of the bill in the i
remaiks which I had submitted to the Senate, !
and having voted in the negative on the test :
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. j
Douglas,] proposing to declare the Missouri re- \
stnotion " inoperative and void," it is hardly neces- :
sary to say, that if f had been here, iny vote would ,
have been recorded in the negative on the passage i
of the bill. Nevertheless, sir, as it is a matter of j
veiy great consequence and interest, I am desir- ,
ous, with the permission of the Senate, which the
Presiding Officer informs me can be given by '■
unanimous consent, having my vote entered on '
the Journal against the bill. I will, therefore,
venture to ask the favor of Senators to allow my j
vote to be thus recorded. |
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make a j
motion ? i
Mr. EVERETT. I do. (t requires, however,
I suppose, unanimous consent.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was my design to record
my vote in favor of the repeal of the eighth section I
of the act, which is called the Missouri com- i
promise act, of 1820, and I voted for the amend- ;
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. i
Douglas.] When I heard the speech of the gen- '
tleman over the way, [Mr. Norris,] who re- !
garded this bill as a triumph of the doctrines of
squatter sovereignty over the true principles of
non-intervention, contained in the bill of 1848, I
determined to record my vote against the passage 1
ot the bill. I remained here for that purpose un- 1
till a very late hour; but I was sick, and was not j
able to remain until five o'clock in the morning. I
If the Senator from Massachusetts has leave to |
record his vote, 1 ask leave to record mine also, i
The PKESIDEN"T. Does the Senator make ,j
any proposition ? J
Mr. EVERETT. The unanimous consent is ji
asked to have the names recorded. il
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
17th rule on the subject.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know what has
been the practice of the Senate heretofore? I shall
not interpose any objection, if it has been usually
accorded to Senators who are absent when im-
portant votes have been taken. I desire to know,
therefore, whether it has been the custom to agree
to such a proposition ?
The PRESIDENT. The 17th rule is:
"When the yeas and nays *hal! betaken upon any ques-
tion, ni pursuance of the above rule, no member shall be
permuted, under any circumstances whatever, to vote after
the decision is announced Iromthe Chau."
The Chair presumes that unanimous consent
can do away with the operation and eiTect of this
rule. It requires unanimous consent. The Chair
does not understand the Senator fiom California
j [Mr. Weller] to object.
! Mr. WELLER. 1 interpose no objection.
| The PRESIDENT. Then the votes will be re-
j corded against the passage of the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Presiding
i Officer, however, whether this has been generally
|done ?
; The PRESIDENT. I have been told that there
j has never been but one case, and that was the case
of the Senator from Michigan the other day.
Mr. DAWSON. That was not allowed.
The PRESIDENT, i am informed that there
is but one solitary precedent. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator's names will be recorded.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 merely wish to make one
objection as to the consequences growing out of
the adoption of such a course. If we establish a
precedent, the rule will be violated whenever we
are constrained to force a measure through this
body by sitting late at night. Gentlemen all know
that on such occasions it will be much more pleas-
ant to be at their lodgings than here, if they will
have a right to record their votes by motion on
the next day, or some subsequent day. Adopt
such a practice, and we shall find ourselves without
that attendance m the Senate which we ought to
have when the Senate sits late at night; and very
often we shall be found without a quorum. That
was one of the difficulties to prevent which the
rule was adopted. It is not in my nature, nor in
my disposition, to oppose the wishes of any gen-
tleman, and I will not do so now, as I shall find
myself alone in it. But if J were to adhere to
principle, and discharge my duty to the country
and to the body, I should oppose it. Butasuhese
fiiends of mine were sick, and could not be here,
perhaps it is better to suffer it to be done. But
the occasion will have to be very extraordinary
when 1 shall consent to it again.
Mr. CLAYTON. It will not affect the result.
Mr. ADAMS. There are other Senators who
were not present on Saturday morning when the
vote was taken, and are not present now, who I
know would be very glad to nave their names re-
corded on the other side. If we record one, of
course it would be expected that the same right
would be allowed to them. But I submit to the
consideration of the Presiding Officer that the lan-
guage of the rule which he has read is not like
all other rules where unanimous consent will au-
thorize a depaiture from them. Bills must be
read upon three several days,unless by unanimous
consent it is dispensed with. But the rule just
read by the Chair declares, that under no circum-
stances whatever shall a person be permitted to
vote after the result has been announced. Do not
the words " by unanimous consent" come under
" whatever?'' It does seem to me unanimous
consent cannot confer the power here. It was
certainly intended by the language that"under no
circumstances whatever, by unanimous consent or
by a majority, a departure from the rule should
be authorized. 1 am not disposed to throw diffi-
culties in the way. Still it has occurred to me that
a proper construction of the rule would exclude
the unanimous consent authorizing it.
The PRESIDENT. Is there any objection?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I object for the reasons
stated by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] and because there will be no end to the
thing. There are the (Senatorfrom Indiana, [Mr.
Bright,] theSenatorfrom Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
and others, who will come day after day and ask
to record thetr votes for and against the measure.
Suppose it had passed by one majority, according
to this process the whole thing would be reversed
the next day. The Senator from California [Mr.
Weller] reminds me that he lost a vote on Thurs-
day night which would have changed the result,
one of much importance. This shows the neces-
sity of adhering to the rule. It is with great respect
to the two Senators that I object.
Mr. EVERETT and Mr. CLAYTON. 1 waive
the request.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to a3k to be discharged from
further service upon the Committee on Pensions.
By the favor of the Senate and of the Presiding
Officer, I have been placed upon four committees
of this body, three of its standing committees and
one special committee. 3 have made it a point of
duty and obligation to attend al! the meetings of
all the committees upon which Ihavebeen placed,
both the regular meetings and special meetings,
and to perform, according to my best abilities,
whatever duty or labor has been assigned to me
by those committees.
I find my hands more than full of business from
these several committees. I therefore move to be
discharged from further service upon the Com-
mittee on Pensions, knowing that the business of
the committee will not suffer from my absence,
and thai tlie committee can be filled by appoint-
ment from genttemen who have taken their seats
in this body since the organization of the standing
committees.
The motion to excuse the Senator was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the Senate
did me the honor, at the commencement of the
session, to appoint me a member of the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office. I have reluct-
antly served on that committee until now. Before
f came to the Senate of the United States I had
been very extensively engaged in the practice of
law in connection with patents, and f have found,
as I anticipated, that in the proceedings of the
Committee on Patents I am continually encounter-
ing the cases of persons who have interests re-
lating to patents with winch I have heretofore
been connected. 1 am willing to serve the Sen-
ate in any other capacity which they shall assign
to me. I therefore ask the Senate to relieve me
from further service on that committee, and that
my place may be filled by some other gentleman;
and they may, if they see fit, assign me to some
other place.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the President pro tempore fill the vacancies
in the Committees on Pensions and Patents.
And Mr. Fessenden was appointed to the
Committee on Patents, and Mr. Seward to the
Committee on Pensions.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of J.
Burrows Hyde, praying that the patent laws may
be so amended as to make the fees chargeable for
a patent the same to inventors from all foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Maine, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives of thatStateto op-
pose the passage of the Nebraska bill so long as
it shall contain any provision repealing, abroga-
ting, rescinding, or in any way invalidating the
Missouri compromise; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of lieuten-
ants m the United States revenue marine service,
who were attached to the United States naval
squadron in the West Indies during the Florida
war in 1836, J837, 1838, and 1839, praying to be
allowed the same compensation as officers of like
grade in the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PETT1T presented the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Evans-
ville and State of Indiana, in reference' to the site
for the location of a western armory; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Nebraska bill, should
it ever pass the House, may be returned to this
body with amendments, which may again present
this question for consideration, I ask the accept-
ance of these memorials, and that they may lie on
the table:
