1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
protection to them than one hundred thousand
armed men. It may be so; but th#t is-not perti-
nent to the matter of our inquiry. The question
I discussed, was not whether Spain would be
justifiable in emancipating these slaves to prevent
our taking the island. I have never been the apol-
ogist of Spain. I agree with the honorable Sen-
ator that the Government of Spain has been both
corrupt and oppressive." I believe that in years
gone by theSpanishauthoritiesin Cuba themselves
have either been concerned in the business of
introducing slaves, or have winked at the intro-
duction of them there. Whether it be calumny or
not, it has been published that some of the Cap-
tains General of former days actually received
doubloons by the head for slaves that were legally
imported into Cuba. Butthatis not the question.
It is whether there is any evidence that Spain in-
tends to emancipate these slaves for the purpose of
destroying the island now ? Is there any evidence
of that kind ? 1 submit that if there be any, it has
notbeen adduced.
Mr. President, I believe the day will come
when Cuba will be annexed to the United States.
At what time this will occur is a question which 1
am not able to solve. I see no prospect of it now.
I see no reason at this time for this Government's
interference for the purpose of obtaining it by
war or violence of any kind, or by the repeal of
our laws of neutrality. I think it adangerpus pe-
riod to make an effort of that description. There
is great excitement at this time in the public
mind throughout the United States in reference to
" the subject of slavery The day may come—I
have thought, in consequence of the proximity of
the island to the coast of the United States, that
the day must come—when it will be ceded to the
United States, if not by Spain, by some friendly na-
tion which shall cede it to us as Louisiana was
cededi>y France.
As to the fact which has been mentioned by the
honorable Senator, that Spain has threatened us
with emancipating her slaves if we should seize
the island from her by violence, there is no doubt
of it. I heard that threat from the hps of the
former Spanish Minister here. He boldly and
openly avowed the intention to emancipate the
slaves, rather than permit us to take the island by
violence; but he did not deny that the day would
Qpme when this island would be ours.
In conclusion, sir, we must have justifiable
grounds before we can seize Cuba, and if there be
such, the one now as igned is not among them.
Sir, I ask for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WELLER. I was not complaining of the
Senator from Delaware for having set a bad ex-
ample. I was complaining that he was following
precedents which had been established, to the se-
rious detriment of the public business. I was
complaining of that Senator, as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, for entering to-
day into the discussion of a question which is to
be submitted to the investigation of that commit-
tee to-morrow.
The Senator says, and I suppose he intends it
for irony, ©f course, that I have paid some atten-
tion to this subject, and therefore may not require
the information of other Senators. 1 am sure he
meant that as irony.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. WELLER. I have paid no attention to
this subject, but I propose first to investigate it,
and then to discuss it; and it strikes me that
older Senators might profit by following this ex-
ample, though set by a young man. All that I
desire is, that the time of the Senate shall not be
unnecessarily consumed in the discussion of a
question, when the subject must again come up
for a full discussion. When I meet that Senator
to-morrow in the Committee on Foreign Relations,
I ehall be prepared to receive all the information
which he may have accumulated on that subject,
and I trust each of the other members of that
committee will contribute whatever information
he may have derived from any source whatever.
Then I shall be prepared to pifss upon it, and
after it is submitted to the Senate, I shall be pre-
pared to enter into the discussion of this question
which has been sprung upon us to-day; but I will
not consume the time of the Senate now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no disposition to enter
into the discussion of this question now, as it is
evidently the sense of the Senate that this is not
the proper time for its discussion. I wish to say,
however, that it strikes me, the reference proposed
by the honorable Senator from Delaware, is alto-
gether inappropriate. I cannot see whatjurisdic-
tion the Committee on Foreign Relations have
over the manner of issuing sea-registers to Ameri-
can vessels. The appropriate committee, it seems
to me, with all due respect to the Senator from
Delaware, for an inquiry into that subject, is the
Committee on Commerce. I therefore move to
amend the resolution by striking out " Foreign
Relations" and inserting "Commerce."
Mr. WELLER. I think the resolution should
go to the Committee on Foreign Relations. The
subject embraced in the resolution is already before
that committee. It is true the whole of our con-
sular system is in the hands of the Committee on
Commerce; but.the question on which theSenator
from Delaware asks the interposition of the Gov-
ernment, is a question which properly belongs to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; and, as the
subject has already been referred to that commit-
tee, I hope the reference proposed by the Senator
from Delaware will not be changed.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is not merely a question
of commerce; it is a question which belongs to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let the resolution be read
again, that I may see whether my amendment be
proper or not.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 withdraw my amendment.
The resolution w^s adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the I-Iouse
bill making appropriations for the current and con-
i tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfil ling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1855, was
taken from the table, and the Senate, as in Com-
, mittee of the Whole, resumed its consideration,
I the pending question being on the amendment
. reported by Mr. Walker, from the Committee
; on Indian Affairs, to insert the following:
To the Creek nation of Indians, in full for all demands
against the United States, the sum of .$500,000, in payment
for eight million aeresof land, at six and a quarter cents jjer
acre, taken from the friendly Creeks without compcnsa
tion, by the treaty or capitulation of Fort Jackson, of August
8, 1814.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, after the
elaborate discussion of this claim some two or
three weeks since, 1 most infer that the Senate
have acquired something like ageneral knowledge
of its essential and primary features, and that I
shall be compelled to advert, in the few remarks
which I shall make, only to tile objections urged
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance
[Mr. Hunter] to the adoption of this amend-
ment.
I understood that Senato^, in the discussion of
this claim, to confine his objections to the faat that
it was nti old one. I understood that its antiquity
was the principal cause of the objection to it on
, his part, and that he proceeded in its discussion
upon considerations which did not effect at all the
merits of the case, but considerations which
applied entirely to the great length of time which
has occurred since the original inception of the
claim. I understood that Senator further to say,
that another branch of the claim, which has been
satisfied, after the lapse of more than a quarter of
a century, had been referred, together with this,
' to the Committee of Ways and Means of the
j House of Representatives m 1817, and had been
i decided against by that committee, and again
! rejected bv them in 1824. That supposition of
1 his, plausible as it was, is not borne out by the
■ documents; and inasmuch as that is the chief
r objection which he urges to the adoption of the
ij claim, I will merely lead the documents to which
ji he referred, for the purpose of showing that the
| two branches of the claim were not before those
committees when it was considered, and that this
J1 claim has i^ver been considered by the Senate, or
; by the other House of Congress; nor has it ever
1 been the subject of consideration by the committee
! of any one' House of Congress, until it was
brought before us at the present session. The
i1 first document from which I will read is the report
! of Mr. Lowndes, from the Committee of Ways
; and Means, made on the 30th of January, 1817.
i The caption of that report, which refers to the
I subject-matter before the committee for investiga-
' tion, expressly defines the character of that subject-
matter. The committee say that they had had
under consideration a resolution
" Instructing them to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to satisfy the claims of the friendly
Creek Indians, whose property was plundered by the hustile
Creeks, in consequence of their attachment to the United
States."
The precise and definite terms m which the
committee thus state the subject-matter before
them, excludes the idea that this claim was con-
sidered before them. Equally conclusive is the
language of the report made in 1824 by Mr. Mc-
Lane. The conclusion of that report is equally
as definite, equally as positive, and shows that
the subject of the appropriation now asked for
wag not before the committee at that time. Con-
sequently, the adverse report made by Mr. Mc-
Lane in 1824—whose great name and eminent
qualifications as head of the Committee of Ways
and Means were very appropriately referred to by .
the Senator from Virginia—on which that Senator
relied as casting some suspicion and doubt upon
the history of this claim, had no reference to the
subject of the amendment which we are now dis-
cussing. At the conclusion of that report, in
which they refer to the main features of the claim
before them, the committee say:
" It is inexpedient to make any further appropriation to
compensate the friendly Creek Indians for property lost
and destroyed during the late Creek war.*'
In addition to this, 1 will refer to a letter which
was addressed by the chief clerk of the War De-
partment, m 1817, to Mr. Hawkins, who was at
that time the acting agent for the Creek Indians,
asking that officer, who Was contemporary with
the history of the transactions in which this claim
originated, as to the precise nature of the claims
which the Creeks were at that time preferring
against the United States Government. He was
interrogated as to " the nature and extent of the
indemnity which the friendly chiefs claim in con-
sequence of the letter addressed by General,
Pinckney, on the 23d April, 1814?" In response
he said:
" I believe the correct way would be to liquidate the
claims of individuals, some of which, I am told, arc too
high; reduce them to a just value, and pay them. If it
were a national claim, a cession of land might he desira-
ble ; but to individuals it i.- otherwise."
That response, taken in connection with the in-,
terrogatory to which it refers, is about as definite
an indication as the English language is 'capable
of, showing that the claim for.spoliations and
property destroyed by the hostile Creeks in the
war of 1814, was the only claim and the only
grievance brought to the consideration of the com-
mittee in 1817, at the time when a partial pay-
ment of §85,000 was made upon that claim; and
subsequently, in 1824, when the committee de-
cided that the appropriation which had already
been made was an ample satisfaction,rand cov-
ered the full extent of the expectations which the
friendly Creeks had entertained of redress from
the United States. These documents therefore,
being the language of these committees them-
selves, and the language of the agent from whom
they derived their principal information, show
that the claim to which the Senator referred the
other day as having been repoited against in 1824,
was not the claim which is now brought forward.
1 presume that the Senate perfectly understand
that, at the termination of the war of 1814, there
were two characters of claims arising. One was
national in its character for this spohatipn of ter-
ritory. The other was a claim of indemnity to
individuals for the separate losses which they had
sustained by the hostile Creeks. One was for
property destroyed; for homes burnt; for personal
property which ;had been taken for public uses,
and these claims to compensation were individual
in their character, because they belonged separ-
ately to individuals in precise proportion to the
losses which they had sustained. But in addition
to that we are informed by the record, which
. throws further light on the history of this whole
| transaction, that General Jackson in the terms of
the capitulation, extorted, or rather forced from
the friendly Creeks, upwards of eight millions of
acres of land, which he avowedly without excuse
or palliation, without any pretext that he had ever
compensated by one cent, took alone for political
reasons " interestingto theUnited States." That is
the report of General Jackson himself, afterwards
made to the Government of his conduct in that
capitulation. One claim, therefore, which has
