1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
noles, and, f understand, that term itself signifies
"runaways." They became ingrafted with the
other Seminoles or runaway Indians; and there
most of them have remained ever since. What
was given pretendedly at the time, in lieu of the
lands taken under the capitulation, was this upper
country, lying between the Coosa and Tallapoosa
rivers. But how could it be said to be given
to the Lower Creeks? It was already theirs.
The upper Indians had occupied it merely by
sufferance, by permission of the Lower Creeks,
who were the real owners of the country.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator makes that
statement on the authority of the Indians them-
selves, who are interested parties. Now I under-
stand that the Senator from Alabama, who lived
in that country, says it did belong to thfe hostile
Creeks.
Mr. WALKER. Let me assure the Senator
from Virginia that I do not make the statement
upon the authority of the Indians, the interested
parties, but upon the concession of agent Haw-
kins, of General Pinckney, and of the various
documents which are set out in the memorial, and
in the report which I have in manuscript. These
documents are found to run through a long period
embraced in the American State Papers on Indian
affairs. I deduce it from such authority as that.
I never spoke with one of these Indians in my
life.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not say that the Senator
spoke with the Indians; but he takes the statement
from the assertions of the Indians. I think he is
altogether mistaken as to the assertions of Pinck-
ney and Hawkins.
Mr. WALKER. Not at all. If the Senator
will examine the case, he will find that agent
Hawkins states that when General Jackson
thought he was giving them an equivalent, they
denied that he was doing so; and he adds, that he
concurs with them in opinion. General Pinckney,
who previously held the command, and who, it
was supposed, would make the capitulation, held
a very different doctrine, and promised very dif-
ferent terms. It was not at all wonderful that the
Indians were overwhelmed with astonishment
when, after having fought by the side of the
Americans, under the American flag, and with
American commanders, they found themselves
converted into the position of enemies, and made
to stand off in the capacity of parties capitulating
as enemies, and were forced to give up their coun-
try. In addition to this, it was alleged that they
were remunerated, when they were left only a
small portion of thecountry which was originally
theirs, and of which they had never been divested.
The position which they occupied in respect to it
was just this: They could at any time, under the
custom of the Indian tribes, if they had the power,
have driven off these interlopers, these intruders
upon the upper country, and it would have been
theirs. They could have put an end to the ten-
ancy at sufferance, and told the hostiles to abandon
the country. After the friendly Creeks and the
Americans whipped them, they did abandon it;
and the hostiles were not occupying the country
at the time General Jackson, in the capitulation,
left it to the friendly Indians, as he alleged, by
way of equivalent for the lands which he made
them capitulate away.
Mr. DAWSON. I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin to say that there was but a single
hostile chief who entered into that capitulation.
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the friendly Creeks
themselves surrendered the land. They were
headed by Mcintosh and Eig Warrior, whom I
knew as well as I know you, Mr. President.
Mcintosh and his party were very intelligent and
well informed men. He went on and made treaties
after that, from year to year, down to the treaty
of Indian Spring, in 1825. He was there, and
aided in making that treaty of 1825; and, in con-
sequence of it, he lost his life. In all the treaties,
from 1814 down to the last treaty made by these
Indians, all the matters of difference between them
and the whites, and all the claims on their side,
were entered into. But no claim was presented
under these treaties, in any form or shape, for
any loss which they had sustained from the Gen-
eral Government under this capitulation of 1814.
By the treaty of Indian Spring, they ceded their
entire country in Georgia; but there was not a
word said then about this claim. All seemed to
be perfectly satisfied and quiet. What right have
thehostiles in the war of 1814 to complain ? They
did not make that treaty; they cannot claim any-
thing at all; and the friendly Creeks have never
claimed anything in their treaties. Then, what I
want to know is, how is it that the Government
of the United Slates should be indebted to this
people $500,000, when they never presented the
claim in any of their treaties?
Mr. W ALKER. I concede there were treaties
made at different periods, from 1825, I believe,
down to as late as 1837; but it will be found, if
the Senator from Georgia will advert to those
treaties, that they were all treaties of cession.
He asked me why in none of these treaties of
cession did they not set up and assert this claim?
That has been answered in two ways.
Mr. DAWSON. I am as much disposed to do
justice to these people as any gentleman on this
floor; and at this point I desire to make an ex-
planation. We know that the treaty of Indian
Spring was made with tnese Indians, but it was
abrogated by the administration of Mr. Adams.
At a subsequent time these very Indians came to
the city of Washington and here made a treaty of
cession; and all the claims and difficulties con-
nected with the treaty of Indian Spring were re-
viewed, and a satisfactory treaty made, closing up
all the concerns between the whites and these In-
dians. In the treaty made here in Washington
city, and other treaties made under the eyes of
General Jackson and Mr. Adams, at different
times, how is it that this claim, of which General
Jackson must have been well-informed in 1814,
was never alluded to m them? I hold in my hand
all the treaties. I have reviewed them for the
purpose of satisfying my own mind as to the pro-
priety of voting for this appropriation. As anx-
ious as I am, as desirous as I am to do justice to
these people, whom 1 have known from my ear-
liest recollection, I cannot find a single ground on
which to justify myself in voting away the public
money, as proposed in this amendment. Hence
I have asked, from time to time, those who have
investigated the question, to look to all these
treaties, to go over them, and tell me why it is
that their whole country has been ceded, and all
difficulties closed between the two nations, and
yet this claim sprung up at this late day ?
Mr. WALKER. It is conceded that while the
treaties which have been spoken of were made
between 1814 and 1837, this claim was not reas-
serted in the negotiations with the Government.
Why was it not done? We have attempted to
answer that in two ways. In the first place, the
Senator will find that not only was the claim
which is now asserted pending between the
Government and these Indians, but another one,
which has not been denied by the Government,
was also pending. Now, let me ask him, can he find
in any of those treaties any allusion to the large
amount of money which you appropriated and
paid to the Indians only two years ago? And
yet, by estopping the Indians on this claim, he
would estop them in their right to that money just
as much as he would to this. He will find that
the treaties maintain a silence in regard to both;
and if his view on this point be correct, he would
cut off that claim as much as this. But, sir, did
they conceive themselves estopped, by the making
of those treaties, from asserting their claim to the
money which we paid two years ago? Not at
all; but they continued to make the claim, and
long since the last treaty was made, long since
these people were settled westof the Mississippi,
and only two years ago, we appropriated the !
money and paid it to them. The Senate will j
observe, also, that the Indians, at the very j
inception of this matter, laid down in the most j
solemn form they could, their claim to right i
in the matter. They laid down their demand in |
what they always have claimed to be their part of i
the treaty. It never has been complied with. .
They asserted their rights in conformity with the :
provisions of that protocol; and the only answer
which General Jackson gave to it, was, "That is j
immaterial to me; I cannot help what you view j
as your rights; I do not deny that you are the |
owners of the soil, and that your children have a I
right to it; but 1 say that there are political con- |
siderations sufficiently strong to warrant me ill ]
taking this country." Those political reasons j
have been mentioned before. He did take the j
country. When they found that General Jack- i
son set his foot down and was determined to have
the kind of capitulation which he compelled them
to submit to, the most they could do was to ask
permission to put in an enduring form their under-
standing of their rights. They put it in that
form.
The document was sent on to this city, became
a part of the archives of the country, and is so yet.
Having asserted their rights at that early day, and
in that permanent form, it is hot wonderful that
they have not continued at every point of negotia-
tion to reassert their claims in this respect.
It will be found by the honorable Senator that
all their subsequent negotiations were in respect
to other country, not embraced, of course, wiihin
the country covered by the capitulation of 1814.
They were all the time treating in regard to other
country, and most of the time in regard to that
which General Jackson pretended to have left to
them as an equivalent—that lying in the upper
portion of their original country. The Govern-
ment bought portions of it from them from time to
time, and it was in relation to it that they were
treating, and not in reference to the country in
the lower portion of Alabama and Georgia. While
they were negotiating these treaties, they had
nothing to do with this original claim. They had
enough on their hands with the Government to
enforce, if possible, the claims for spoliations,
which had been committed on them, arid which the
Government, beyond all doubt, had promised to
pay them for.
These were the difficulties under which they
labored during the time this matter has been
pending. The inferences drawn by the Senator
from Georgia are only such as would go against
this claim because of its age. If the Senator is
disposed to set up lapse of time as a harrier to this
claim, that argument is all potent; but if he ap-
plies it by way of an estoppel to their rights,
there is a complete replication to that in the fact
that they had in a more solemn form asserted their
rights; they never abandoned them; and he can-
not show where they abandoned them in the
treaties; but they have stood upon that original
assertion of their rights; and since the claim for
damages to their personal property has been set-
tled, they come forward now and demand that
which they then deemed themselves entitled to in
reference to their real estate. That is the view I
have taken of it; but if the statute of limitations
is to be applied against the Indians, of course they
are gone.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If I understand, Mr. Pres-
ident, the precise character of the objection, or the
foundation for the doubts in the mind of the Sen-
ator from Georgia, it is that no mention was made
of this claim in the treaty with the Creeks in
1821. I believe that was called the treaty of the
Broken Arrow; again, in the treaty of 1825, prop-
erly known by the name of the treaty of Indian
Spring, and which created such dissatisfaction in
the nation that a portion of the friendly Creeks,
and all the hostiles, arose and burnt General
Mcintosh, who was the negotiator of that treaty,
and induced the Government, during Mr. Adams's
administration, to conciliate the Indians by mak-
ing a treaty in 1826, by which it was acknowl-
edged that the treaty of 1825 was invalid,and that
it was made against the consent of the authorities
of the nation. These treaties, in addition to the
final treaty, which, I believe, was made in 1830,
the Senator says were made without any mention
or recognition of this claim, and without contain-
ing any allusion, on the pare of the Indians, to
the fact that they preferred, or had such a claim in
existence.
Now, in answer to that, I will allude to one
solitary fact, to show, that, notwithstanding the
presumption arising out of their silence upon the
record, this claim had its existence among the In-
dians themselves, during the whole period from
1814 up to the time when they actually presented
the claim. That fact is this: In 1842, when the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] was presid-
ing at the head of the War Department, an agent
of the Government was sent among ail the Indian
tribes to ascertain if there were upon their part
any unsatisfied grievances, any clainw which had
not been properly attended to. When that agent,
Mr. Hitchcock, who afterwards made an interest-
ing report of all his proceedings, went to the
Creek nation, and called the Creek's together in
council around him, one of the chiefs, who wan
