1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
sage of the act. As the article could not be ob-
tained of American manufacture, it was purely a
question of revenue, and the legal right to revenue
had accrued as clearly in the one case as in the
other; and the claims to the indulgence of the
Government are in both cases equally strong.
Upon a full review of the facts in this case, it
is seen that this company was greatly embarrassed
by the revulsion of 1837 to 1840, but that they
nevertheless went on with their crippled means,
which prevented them from importing by a few
months, and laying down the rails within the limit
said to be required by the new law. Perhaps,
however, it may not be out of the way to show,
before I conclude, that the first act passed to sus-
pend the provisions of the act of 1832 was enacted
for the benefit of a Pennsylvania company, and
seemed to have gone through without any diffi-
culty. This was passed the very day that the act
imposing duty on railroad iron was to go into ef-
fect—March 3, 1843. It runs thus:
"An act Tor the relief of Thomas Weaver ami Jacob Hy-
bojfrer, securities of the Noiristown and Valley Raihoad
Company.
"Be itcnact'di That the time for actually and perma-
nently laying upon any said road iron imported into Ute port
of Philadelphia by the NorrMown and Valley Railroad
Company to entitle the same to a drawback of duae«, is
hereby extended tor one year, &c. And if, during the said
terui of one >e«u, flit* hurt tie- piove to the satisfaction of the
Secretary ol the Treasury that the whole or any part of the
paid railroad iron has been actually and peiuianenlly laid
upon any railroad of the United Stales', then lie is to order
and diiect the whole, or a proportionate part of the judg-
ment to be marked satisfied, upon the defendant's pa>mg
co*t."
It will be seen that the rails had probably been
disposed of, and yet they give the sureties a year
to satisfy the Secretary of the Treasury that the
rails were laid down for permanent use. All that
the Government insisted upon was proof that the
rails had been laid down and used as rails upon a
railroad, and had not been used for any other pur-
pose; for, if used for any other purpose, the rails
would be liable to duties. This, as I have stated,
was the first relief act, and was for Pennsyl-
vania; and since that time other sections of the
Union have been asking for relief, where the works
had been commenced under the invitation and
promises of the act of 1832; and the very fact of
Congress giving one year from 3843 (making it
March, 1844,) to the suieties referred to,proves
legislatively that it was never intended to apply the
law to roads commenced. And as the tv/o Houses
have been thus liberal to a company of Pennsyl-
vania, it is but just that Georgia, Mississippi, and-
other States should be treated with like kindness.
It will require more logic than I am master of
to go home to my constituents and try to satisfy
them that the Georgia company, that commenced
with the Central Georgia and Red River and-
Monroe Railroad Companies, and the West Feli-
ciana Company, are not entitled to a return of
duties on their rails, while all the other companies
just named are.
Because one company, forsooth, sent for their
rails a few months in advance of the other, that
one is to have their rails duty free, and that, too,
when both had started together, under the promises
of the act of 1832, and under a full promise of the
duty being returned. The two companies in this
bill are alike as two peas; indeed they may be
justly said to resemble the Siamese twins, bo'h
brought into existence under the same act, both
applicants for relief occasioned by the same mis-
foi tunes. To separate them would be as un-
just as to cut the ligament that has bound the
'{Siamese twins together from the day of their hir'h
up to the present hour. They must stand or fall
together.
\ conclude here by quoting the report of the
Committee on Finance in relation to the West
Feliciana Railroad Company, as wholly applica-
ble to the case of the Georgia company, that 1
am asking justice for. The report is as follows:
f- Underthe-e circmn>tances, the committee finding that
the company lias, acted in good faith, that all the iton ha*
been «cnipnloiMy and fatthfully applied a? designed hy the
law of 1832, think this case clearly falls within the spirit of
the act jUot referred to ; that the delay in laying down the
iron wad not voluntary, nor m any manner the result of
nesrhzence on their part, but from obstacles which they could
not control."
This is a just description of the circumstances
of the Georgia company. Nor is anything re-
quired, unless the Secretary of the Treasury
should be satisfied that the lails were laid down
as represented in the section added to this bill.
By the provisions of the act of 1843, for the re-
lief of the sureties of the Norristown and Valley
Railroad Company, the parties were allowed till
the year 1844 to lay down the raiis of said compa-
ny. Now, during the years 1843 and 1844 the
rails of the Georgia company were also laid down.
So that, upon this principle, if no other could be
advanced, the Georgia company are entitled to all
the privileges extended to the Norristown and Val-
ley company. But since that time Congress has re-
mitted the duties to the companies that began their
roads at the same time the Georgia did. Again, if
the duties be returned to companies that com-
menced their works with the Georgia company,
and under the same promises from the act of 1832,
does not Congress give a high premium to one,
while it imposes a duty on the other, in utter disre-
gard of the act of lb32, which notified them, when
they began their work, that they should not pay
any duties on their rails if they certified to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that they had actually laid
down their rails for use. It hardly seems necessary
to discuss this subject at any greater length. For
it cannot be possible that Congress will invite dif-
ferent parties to embark in a great enterprise, and
when they are about to complete their under-
takings, that they will select a number of the com-
panies and return to them their duties, and compel
the others to pay them. Such flagrant injustice
can never receive the sanction of our National
Legislature. I leave the subject with ihe Senate,
not doubting that it will extend its justice to all the
companies that began under the inviting promises
of the act of 1832.
The bill was then passed unanimously.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of the bill making a grant of
lands to the several States of the Union for the
benefit of indigent insane persona. The bill has
been read a third time, and the question is upon
its passage, and on that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for the present, for I am desir-
ous that the Senate should take up, during the
morning hour this morning, the bill to provide for
the extension and completion of the Treasury
building, and for the construction of a-building
for the War, Navy, and Interior Departments.
It is so essential that the bill to which I refer, if it
is to be passed at all, should be passed at once,
that I hope the Senator will yield. I do not think
it will provoke debate, and it is important that it
should be parsed early. If it occasions debate, I
will suffer it to be postponed.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator is aware that the
bill for the consideration of which I call now
stands on the question of its passage, and on that
question the yeas and nays were ordered several
days ago. I am willing, however, under the cir-
cumstances, to give way to the Senator from Del-
aware.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I ask the Senate now
to take up the bill to which 1 have referred.
Mr. W ALKER. 1 do not wish to object to the
consideration of that bill; but it will probably give
rise to debate,
Mr. BAYARD. I think not. If it does, I will
consent that it may be postponed.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the Senator to waive
his motion for the present, in order to allow the
homestead bill, which has been received from the
House of Representatives, to be read twic^, and
referred.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
twic^,
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
grant a homestead of one hundred arid sixty acres
of the public lands to actual settlers, was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. WALKER. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS. Before this bill is referred, I de-
sire to express my full concurrence in the great
measure u proposes, and my hope that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands will report upon it speed-
ily and favorably, and that it will pass the Senate
with as little delay as possible. The time has
arrived when the public domain has ceased to be
necessary as a source of revenue, and we are now
enabled to offer one of the noblest tributes to the
value of free institutions which the wot id has seen
by furnishing the first example of an equal and
safe system, by which every citizen may become
a land owner, and by which a Government ex-
hibits itself in the character, not of a tax collector,
its old and established attribute, but of a medium
on the part of the people of giving to all who de-
sire it homes, permanent homes, for themselves
and their families. It is a new and noble function
in the operations of government, this power of
distribution without the necessity to exercise tax-
ation, this granting to each a part of what be-
longs to all, this attention to the wants and wishes
of a vast portion of the country; and the measure
itself, as well as the feeling it manifests, will do
more to strengthen the cause of free government
through the world than any event in our day.
Twice has this measure passed the House of
Representatives, who, from their immediate rela-
tion to their constituents, may well besupposed to
express their sentiments, and I trust the Senate
will not now withhold its cordial cooperation;
and, for one, 1 desire to return my acknowledg-
ments to the member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
John L. Dawson,] whose earnest and able devo-«
tion to this bill conduced so much to its passage
through the House. He deserves the gratitude of
every friend of this great measure.
I can conceive nothing in the progress of human
society better calculated to add to the strength, the
resources, and the moral power of this country, than
this plan of justice and policy. In times of dan-
ger it will give us a physical force ready for any
emergency, and at the same time a happy, con-
tented population, adding by its industry to the
wealth of the nation, and bound, no less by grati-
tude than by patriotism, to a Government thus
proving by its deeds its desire to promote the hap-
piness of all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise, Mr. President, mere-
ly for the purpose of calling the particular atten-
tion of the Senate to a declaration which has been
made by the distinguisheed Senator from Michi-
gan. It is a declaration in which I most heartily
concur, and which I rejoice to hear on this floor
from such a quarter. It is a declaration, the clear,
practical good sense of which wiii,I trust, impress
it upon this body, as the standing of the distin-
guished gentleman who made it will impress it
upon the minds of the people of the country: I re-
fer to the declaration, that th e time has come w hen
the Government should look no longer to the pub-
lic lands as a source of revenue, it is to those
words, emphatically, that I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate. I know that in our own west-
ern States, where we have felt the burdens of the
system of land ownership by tiie General Govern-
ment, those words will be hailed proudly, and we
shall be happy to see them carried into effect by
the Senate and House of Representatives, and be-
come the law of the land.
Sir, there is not a new State which has not
labored under great disadvantages in consequence
of the burden of the system of ownership by the
] General Government. It has always been the
| policy of every independent State in the world,
; by its legislation, to endeavor to keep withinMts
i limits all the circulating medium which its people,
j by their industry and exportations, may acquire.
; But the effect of this system of ownership is to
! draw away the means of the people of the new
1 States. The Slate which 1 have the honor to rep-
; resent here, small as she is in point of population—
j having now only about two hundred and ten thou-
! sand people within hef* borders, according to the
j last census—has paid into the Treasury of the
: United States millions of dollars. The same is
] true in reference to the other land States. When
j a man comes to settle among us, he is compelled
to pay his money into the Treasury in order to
i get a spot on which to live; and the money which
| is thus paid by the settlers is carried out of the
! State and expended everywhere else. There is
j no industrious man in the State who makes any-
! thing to export but is compelled to pay this Gov-
I ernment for land to cultivate. Thus it is that our
means are paid over to the land offices, and the
money which we contribute leaves our State, and
is expended in the vast and various schemes
which are got up for the protection of your com-
merce, and the advancement of your local inter-
ests along the sea-board.
These are facts which cannot be denied, though
gentlemen who wish to receive revenue from the
public lands will hardly be willing: to acknowledge
them. I have stated the burdens, oppressions,
