1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
the speaker on that occasion, Opothleyoholo, a
name which is familiar in connection with the
history of the Creek war of 1814, arose, and spoke
of this very claim for land as one of the unsatis-
fied claims of the Creek nation against the United
States at that time. That was as late as 1842. I
only mention this fact to show that the claim was
never abandoned on the part of the Creeks; but,
however hopeless, however desperate the diffi-
culties in prosecuting their other claim may have
rendered them in regard to this, yet they never
abandoned it, but it lived during all the discon-
tents of the nation, and never was forgotton.
This fact is well attested by the report of Mr.
Hitchcock, in 1842, a long time after the conclu-
sion of these treaties, the silence of which on this
claim is inferred by the Senator from Georgia to
be conclusive evidence that it never existed.
I will mention another fact also. Congress, by ,
the act of 1852 and the act of 1817, did acknowl-
edge the obligation of this Government to satisfy
ana perform the promises which were held out in
the letter of 23d April, 1814, written by General
Pinckney to the friendly Creeks, as inducements
to the hostiles to come in and capitulate. That
claim was prosecuted here, and was preferred by
delegation after delegation, sent here at intervals
of two or three years, for thirty or forty years
consecutively; the justice of it was afterwards
acknowledged by Congress. The records of its
prosecution arc contained on the files of thelndian
department. It was preferred by authorized dele-
gations, year after year; and yet it was just as re-
markably omitted in all treaties, as was this
national claim for the spoliation of their lands. I
mention this to show that the failure on the part
of the United States to recognize these claims in
their treaties constitutes no evidence at all that
the Indians ever abandoned them. It shows that,
so far as they were concerned, we cannot, without
the greatest injustice, infer an abandonment of the
claim from the simple fact that the treaties which
they concluded with the Government, in the mean
time, are silent on the subject.
Now, sir, 1 will advert to a fact, for the satis-
faction of the Senator from Michigan, I will state
here the official record of the considerations which
induced General Jackson, on the one part, to de-
mand, and the friendly Creeks, on the other part,
to assent to the terms of this extraordinary treaty
of capitulation. This is the report of Colonel
Hawkins, an old and trusted agent of the Creek
Indians, appointed by General Washington.
Mr. CASS. 1 know him well.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Perhaps he was one of
the most fair and honest men that eve'- officiated
in that department. He was present at the time
the treaty was formed; and he says, speaking of !
it, that General Jackson had not only, in con-
formity with his instructions, taken the portion of
* the hostile country embraced in the present State
of Alabama, us an indemnity for the war, but, by
a line produced into the State of Georgia, had
taken about eight millions of acres of land noto-
riously the property of the friendly Creek Indians.
He speaks of it in this way:
t{ It struck me forcibly at the time that the General,
who was authorised only to retain lamN conquered fiom
the IiosiiIoh i<> indemnify the United Stales tor the expenses
of the war, *hontd lake nearly eight millions of aeies from
(lie iriendly Indian^, over ami above all the hunting ground5: '
of tho friendly Upper Creeks, yivuifj, without consulting j
thenij vviiat he called an equivalent, which Ihoy did not j
deem buth, ami did not (eel hmnelf authorized to adjust [
this equitable claim of theirs."' !
It will be seen what excellent diplomatists the ,
Indians were on an occasion of that kind; how j
they saw through the abs'urdity of the pietension
of General Jackson, that he could take lands from
them for political reasons, while at the same time '
there was no"correlative power on his part to in- j
demnify them; and that whereas his instructions, i
extended otjly to retaining lands out of the con- i
quered country, he could overstep his instructions,
and take eight millions of acres of land, not as
indemnity, but merely for the purpose of answer- '
ing certain political objects "interesting to the :
United States." These political reasons, however 1
satisfactory * they were, however conclusive an
apology they were on the part of General Jackson '
for extorting such a treaty—and they were valid 1
for th?t purpose—contain no argument why we
should not make compensation. It was neces-
sary of course that a broad belt of country settled ;
by the whites should be interposed between the j
hostile Creeks on the one hand, and theSeminoles
and Spaniards in Florida on the other; but how-
ever necessary it was to General Jackson for this
reason to take that strip of country, it formed no
reason in the world, as the Indians say, why we
should not pay for it.
The result was, it seems, at last, being prostra-
ted, not being admitted to discuss the terms of the
treaty at all, reluctantly acquiescing and stating to
General Jackson that they were friends, that there
were no hostile chiefs present for the purpose of
arranging the terms of capitulation, they submit-
ted to the running of these lines, although by so
doing they permitted a spoliation of eight or ten
millions of acres out of their country, on condition
that he would allow them to append something in
the nature of a supplement or protocol to the treaty,
in which they should assert their claims under the
letter of General Pmokney to be protected, and
declare also the great wrong done to them by this
act of his, and be allowed to express their reliance
and firm confidence in the justice of the United
States—a confidence which has not been redeemed
from that day to this, except as to compensation
for their property destroyed, leaving this great
national claim entirely unredeemed and unpro-
vided for from that day to this.
I have shown before that they have kept the
history of this claim alive through the traditionary
discontents of their nation; that they have never
abandoned it, although their conduct was such as
to show that they had little hope during the time
that they prosecuted the other claim of obtaining
satisfaction for this. General Jackson, when asked
why he transcended'his instructions, and took the
landsfrom the friendly Creeks, instead of the hos-
tile Indians, answered:
" He did it from political motives—to prevent an inter-
course between the Indians and the Spaniards and English
in the Florida* ; to have a border to know and separate his
enemies from his friends, which was as benelicial to the
friendly Indians as to the United States ; and aNo gave the
fuendlv Indians the lands m the fork of TMlapoom and
Coosa."
These considerations, as I have said, were very
satisfactory to General Jackson; and it is not to
be wondered at that he told the friendly Indians
that the spoliation he commuted against them was
for their benefit. They could not exactly seo the
propriety of the logic by which he came to this
conclusion. They could see that it was for the
benefit of the United States; but, separated as it
was from any compensation to them, they never
yielded their consent to it. That consideration,
however important it was to the United States,
was not important to the Indians, it was of no
advantage to them that the hostiles should be sep-
arated from the discontented Seminoles and the
British and Spanish emissaries in Florida; but
General Jackson did say to them that lie gave
them what he called an equivalent. It consisted
of lands which, according to the stipulation, were
to be assigned to the hostiles, and left to them in
the forks of the Tallapoosa and Coosa. As to
that equivalent, I have to say, that the Committee
on Indian Affairs have a map which shows rela-
tively the size of the country which was taken
from them, and the size of the country which was
said to be an equivalent. The amount taken covers
upon that map probably much more than is cov-
ered by a page of the book from which I read, [the
State'Papers—a large octavo,) while the -amount
of territory which he called an equivalent, and
which was given over to the possession of the
hostiles, and not the friendly Creeks, would be
j covered by the size of a Spanish dollar.
j I do not suppose there were more (ban one
' hundred thousand or two hundred thousand acres
m the forks, between the Coosa and the Talla-
poosa—lands which were supposed to he an
equivalent for eight or ten millions of acres, and
not given exclusively to the friendly Indians, but
lands on which he allowed the hostiles to remain.
That brought forth from the speaker on that oc-
casion, the I3ig Warrior, an exclamation which
was most natural under the circumstances:
" The rpeaker asked where the hostiles were 10 he placed
if he took ail thetr land ? 1 Its answer was, jnu have room
enough to take tliein among you. The speaker said the
war was not yet settled, and they were called on for lands
to pay the expenses of it: and before it'was settled, lie sup-
posed there would he another eall. The <jeneral replied,
lie would take upon himself to settle it, if it lasted twenty
yeais, without calling for any more land."
That was the most natural exclamation m the
world, when he was taking eight million acres of
land from his allies, the friendly Creeks, and
giving them what he called a compensation or
equivalent, some one hundred thousand or two
hundred thousand acres, lying in the middle of
the country conquered from the hostiles, on which
they were indiscriminately to be placed with the
hostiles. It is no wonder, therefore, they did not
regard it as an equivalent; it is no wonder' that
they regarded this whole diplomacy as extraordi-
nary, as unwarranted by the instructions of Gen-
eral Jackson; equally unjust to them, and a viola-
tion of the terms of the letter of General Pinckney,
who had assured them of a very different course
of treatment; for he had requiied the hostiles to
come in. I hope these explanations are satis-
factory to the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I am inclined to think that I
shall vote for this amendment; and I desire to
state in a few words why I shall do it. It seems
to be admitted on all hands that we took about
eight millions of acres ofland from these Indians.
It is asserted on the part of the Indians that we
never paid anything for it. Now, if the Govern-
ment takes the ground that it has paid for it, I
apprehend it devolves on the Government to show
that fact to be true. The Indians assert, and we
admit, that we got the land. They say we paid
nothing for it; and clearly, if that be so, we ought
to pay something for it. If we ever havepaid, I
repeat, the omis is upon us to show that we have
paid it, and how we paid it.
The oniy suggestion against the claim, which I
hear from any quarter, comes from the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and it is, that we
gave the Indians an equivalent in other lands.
Did they agree to take it? I suppose trading be-
tween the Indians and the United States to be
regulated by the same laws as govern two civilized
men or nations—there must be an agreement. Is
there any pretense that the Indians ever agreed
to take this country ? Did they not protest against
it at the time as being no equivalent for the coun-
try which was wrested from them? I understand
they did. The Senator from Virginia shakes his
head. I understand the Indians said at the time
that the arrangement did not suit them; but when
General Jackson urged it upon them, and assigned
what were said to be political leasuns—and what
I think were very good reasons, too—for making
that arrangement, they finally consented to it
under duress—not as a voluntary thing, but with
j a promise that they should have compensation
I thereafter.
The honorable Senator from Michigan asks if
' other lands were not given them in exchange?
[ If other lands had been given to the Indians, and
i they had agreed to take them, there was a closing
up of the transaction; but even if they got other
lands outside of the Indian country, to which
neither hostiles nor friendly Creeks had any claim,
was that an equivalent? When have you ever
; bought out Indians that you have not given them
' other lands? Was it any equivalent to the Choc-
' taws and Chickasaws, when you purchased them
j out in Mississippi, to the Cherokees in Georgia,
. and other lai ge tribes, and sen t west, that you gave
' them homes there for the homes they abandoned ?
1 May you take an Indian tribe's home from them,
drive them out from their camps, break up all
their family arrangements, and send them into a
new country, because you give them other lands
in place of those which you take? It is the first
i time 1 ever heard the pretense assumed. You al-
I ways give them other lands, but you also pay
them for the lands which they have left. That
was the course which you pursued with the Choc-
taws, with the Chickasaws, with the Cherokees,
1 and with every other tribe which you have emi-
grated. 1 see no reason why the same course
should not have been pursued with the Creeks,
' and especially with the friendly Creeks.
But I simply rose to say that my mind was
upon this point, that if we took the land, as is as-
; serted, and have paid nothing for it, we ought to
payforitnow. As to setting up the statuteof limit-
ation against the Indians, it is all humbug. This
Government is the last on earth that ought to talk
j about the statute of limitation; for who does not
: know that claims are before us for ten, twenty,
• thirty, forty, and fifty years, as just claims as
j possibly can be made, and finally are abandoned
and given up in despair, because Congress cannot
j be induced to act upon them ? And shall we take
! advantage of our own wrong; and because we did
