554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
and, I may say, tyrannies under which we have
suffered for years, yet we have never protested
against them. But the declaration made by the
distinguished Senator from Michigan this morn-
ing, comes with peculiar pleasure to us, who have
labored so long under a crying exhaustion of this
description, which has been forced upon us by the
peculiar policy of the Government of the United
States, the owner of our soil. I rose simply for
the purpose of calling attention to that declaration,
so that it may attract our consideration at once,
and may attract the consideration of the country.
Sir, the people of the new States have contrib-
uted more, in proportion to their population, to the
support of this Government, than any other people
in the United States. This is eminently so of
my own State. If you go to the Land Office and
examine your public records, you will find that
that State, small as is its population, has paid
millions of dollars into the public Treasury. In
return for this, how much have you expended for
her? Why, sir, if we come here and ask for a
small appropriation of public lands for any spe-
cific object within the limits of our State, a great
outcry is raised, and we are regarded as plun-
dered. The means which those who come into
our State bring with them is taken from us, and
thus we are impoverished; and when we incur a
State debt which we happen to be unable to pay,
we are reproached by those who have impover-
ished us. They forget that it was occasioned by
their legislation, and that we are willing to tax
oursehes to meet our obligations.
Sir, I hope that every man from the new States
will unite and struggle together, until the day shall
cease when this Government shall make the public
lands a source of national revenue, and thus tax
us longer, and that they will mark those who wish
to retain such a source of revenue.
Mr. GW1N. I wish to make an inquiry of the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] before
this bill is referred. The Committee on Public
Lands have had a precisely similar bill before
them for the last three months, and they have not
yet reported it bark to the Senate. I want to
know, therefore, whether this bill is going there
to be buried? If so, I prefer that it should re- -
main on the President's table, so that we may call I
it up and consider it at any time. If it will be re- j
ported back, I have no objection to its going to
the committee. If, however, it is to remain, as
the bill which was referred to that committee
three months ago has remained up to the present
time, I prefer that it should not be referred, but
should be kept here under our own control.
Mr. WALKER. That is a most unjust charge
against the committee. The committee reported
some time sincg the bill which they agieed upon.
Mr. G WIN. The homestead bill ?"
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir, the homestead bill?
Mr. GWIN. Then I ask pardon; for I was
not aware of it.
Mr. WALKER. The pardon is granted.
Mr. GW IN. Why, then, should the bill go to
the committee ?
Mr. WALKER. I have moved that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands for
consideration in that committee. This bill has
passed the House of Representatives; it has not
yet passed the Senate, i propose that we shah
take this bill into consideration. If we agree upon
this, we can consider it in place of the bill which
we have reported. Sir, some years ago I pressed
upon the Senate the propriety of this measure, but
I then got nothing but sneers for my pains. Sir,
perhaps it is more gratifying to my heart this
morning than to any other man in America, to
hear men as distinguished as the Senator from
Michigan, and the Senator from Arkansas, rise in
their places, and almost with avidity claim the
privilege at the first moment when they have an
opportunity of doing so, of adding their great
weight in favor of this policy. I rejoice at it. I
hail it as one of the best omens for our country
which I have seen for a long time. I hope the bill
will be committed ; end I now give my assurance
to the Senator from California that it shall come
back from the committee very speedily.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that upon the parliamentary rule, which
requires a bantling to be sent to fathers friendly to
it, this measure may safely be committed to the
Committee on Public Lands. I presume that no-
body who has ever looked at the catalogue of
menibeis constituting that committee need waste
time here in debating a proposition as to whether
they will report back or vote for the homestead
bill. 1 thank my friend from Michigan for his
speech this morning", and I can say to him and to
my friend from California, that the committee
meets to-morrow morning, and that I believe a
majority of them will agree to report it back to-
morrow with any amendments which they may
think necessary to be made, if they think it proper
to adopt any. For myself, I think we had better
make no amendments, but pass the bill as it is.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the friends of
this bill are those who have arrested its progress
to the committee, so far as the debate has that
effect; they must excuse me, therefore, for min-
gling m it by the expression of a very few words.
Sir, when the honoiable Senator from Michigan
says the day has come when this Government
should cease to derive revenue from its public
lands, I should expect the honorable Senator to
connect with it the expression of opinion that the
day has arrived when this Government should
cease to become the purchaser of public lands, for
[ can hardly suppose that it would be part of the
policy of the Senator from Michigan to expend
the public treasure in the purchase of public lands
in order to give them away to any who will come
and take them.
Hut, sir, I have been impressed with the remarks
which fell from the Senator from Arkansas. It
may be, and doubtless is, that these new States,
where there is a large body of public lands, are
repressed both in their population and their re-
sources by the Federal Government being a large
landholder. It may be that it would be wise on
the part of the Government to modify its former
policy in relation to the public lands under which
they were treated as a subject of revenue only;
but I trust the time has not yet come when this
Government is to be the recipient of property
purchased by the whole Union m order to dis-
tribute it as a largess throughout the Union, far
less that the Government shall hold up the public
domain, as I understand this hill proposes to do,
to individuals who may come here from every
quarter, totally unconnected with our institutions,
and become the owners of it. I cannot imagine
upon what foundation any policy could rest
which would leave this Government, from year
to year, to purchase, with millions and tens of
millions of dollars, large domains of public lands,
in order that it may then give them away to those
who come here to take them. I see the time has
arrived when, from the condition of our country,
it may be necessary to modify the policy in rela-
tion to the public land; but 1 would not modify
it by purchasing it to give away. I have not
matured any views on the subject, but it is more
than probable that when this bill comes up for
consideration I shall oiler some substitute for it,
which shall take away, or mitigate at least to a
large extent, the evils complained of by the new
States; and not take the money for the public
domain to be given as a largess; a policy that I
would deprecate as the most injurious and demor-
alising this Government could embark in.
Mr. BROWN. I am de-orous, at this point in
the debate, to mention a fact, which I trust will
attract the attention of the Senate, and that it may
not wholly escape the notice of the country. Some
weeks ago I introduced a proposition in reference
to the subject of homesteads, and had it referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. The com-
mittee considered italong with other propositions,
and repprted it back with some modifications, not
materially altering or changing the object which I
had in view in drawing up the bill. I will mention
the principles embodied in that bill, that Senators
may look to it, and be prepared to give some con-
sideration to it when it shall come up in its order.
The proposition which I introduced, and which
has already received the favorable consideration
of the Senate committee, does not propose, at any
time, to give the absolute title in the land to the
settler, but to give him the right of occupancy;
not as at present ordered by lav/, for twelve
months, but for an unlimited period of time; giv-
ing him the right to remain until he conceives
himself prepared and ready to pay for it, allowing
him the privilege at all times to pay the £,1 25
which the Government demands, if that remain
the minimum; but never passing to him the title
until he does pay it; and also refusing to take that
price, or any other price, from any other pur-
chaser.
Jn case the occupant dies, leaving a wife, his
rights survive to his widow, under the proposi-
tion which I introduce; and if the husband and
wife both die, leaving infant children, it is then
provided that the land may be sold for the benefit
of the children, and the fee at that time passes to
the children. What I expect to gain by this prop-
osition is, that the settler shall be guarantied in
that which you propose to give him—a home—
from which he could not be turned by the General
Government or by any other agency, not even
by his own want of good management. You
give him a home, and guarantee to him the pos-
session of it against yourself and all the world,
and even against his own improvidence. I had
no doubt, m drafting the bill, that the effect of it
would ultimately be to bring a larger amount of
money from the sales of public lauds into the
Treasury of the United States than you derive
now. Saving been raised and lived ail my life
in a land State, and having seen the effects of this
system on settlers, I am piepared to say, from ab-
solute observation, that what the settler wants,
most of all things, is quiet, repose, and security
in his new home. When you give him all this,
you give full scope and verge to his energy, men-
tal and physical. Without this he is crippled
in mind and body, and wholly incapable of
effecting any good or valuable purpose. If you
will give him this, the time cannot be distant
when he will beprepared to pay you the price you
demand for the land; and then, for the sake of
owning it, he will step in and pay for it.
I do not intend this morning, in this irregular
way, to discuss the principles of that bill fully;
but I wish to impress it upon the minds of Sena-
tors, and that the country may take a note of it,
that I have from the beginning resisted the prin-
ciple of giving the land absolutely to the settler;
because, m my opinion, it will defeat the great ob-
ject you have in view. I know enough of this
people to be able to say, from absolute observa-
tion, that at the end of five years, or very soon
thereafter, when you propose to pass the title to
the settler, he will be as landless as he is now. If
you want a homestead bill, a law which shall se-
cure the settler in the possession of his home, and
give him peace, and quiet, and security there, give
him the right of occupancy, secure him m that
right; extend the protection of your law over him;
there let him remain in peace and quiet until, in
his own sober, discreet judgment, he is prepared
to own the land. Do not thrust the ownership
upon him at a time when, perhaps, he is unable
to receive it, and when it can be of no benefit to
him.
Another advantage I expect to derive from the
adoption of the proposition which I introduced is
this: It allows the settler to change his location as
often as he pleases. If he makes a bad location,
as those who go into the Territories very often do,
and finds that he can better himself by removing
to some other place, you allow him to remove.
He has occupied the land, and has not damaged
it. He surrenders it. to the Government and goes
to another place; and this he can do until he finds
himself well located, in a condition where he can
spend his labor profitably. Under the proposition
which is now before us, if he makes a bad loca-
tion, you make him abide by it. If he happens
to settle upon bad lands, lands subject to over,
flow, such as will not yield in obedience to his
labor, or such as are in a sickly neighborhood,
or uudef other unfavorable circumstances, so that
he cannot inhabit it with safety and profit to him-
self, it compels him either to abandon the whole
or to remain there and incur all the risks and dis-
advantages of being in a place of that sort.
I trust that Senators will take up that proposi-
tion and examine it, because I give notice now
that I do not mean to abandon it. I shall urge it
before the Senate when this subject comes up for
consideration. While I do not siy I shall vote
against the bill if the proposition of which I have
spoken is not adopted, yet I greatly prefer the one
reported by the committee, and shall insist upon
its adoption. If the Senate vote it down, whether
I shall vote for this bill or not, will remain for fu-
ture consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. When I yielded the floor on
the motion to take up bill No. 227,it was merely as
a courtesy to permit this bill to be introduced and
