1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21253
spend more without prejudice to other bills, which
need the action of the House. I maybe allowed
to say, however, that I did not expect my friend
from Missouri would be willing to go before the
country as such an ardent advocate for refunding™
money paid out by private citizens for such im-
provements. For one, 1 am quite willing that this
amendment should be non-concurred in. In fact,
1 am inclined to think the committee had better
non-concur in it; but I hope, at all events, they
will vote upon it without further discussion.
Mr. PHELPS. I am not a friend to these ap-
propriations, but I am a friend to justice—justice
to all sections of the Union.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The amendment offered by Mr. Phelps was
then disagreed to.
Mr. HENN. I move to decrease the appro-
priation one dollar.
Mr. HAVEN. While I do not wish to inter-
fere with my friend from Iowa, I must raise a
question of order upon his amendment. The
Henate amendment does not make any specific
appropriation. It is to refund the money which
has been paid.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa to
move to decrease the appropriation forNew York,
and if that is his amendment, the Chair thinks it
is in ordpr.
Mr. HAVEN. But there is no specific appro-
priation named in the Senate amendment, and,
theiefore, an amendment cannot be offered to re-
duce any amount.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will de-
cide the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. HENN. I move to strike out the whole
appropriation for New York.
Mr. HAVEN. Again I raise a question of or-
der. There is no specific appropriation for New
York.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will then be
compelled to decide the amendment out of order.
Mr. I1ENN. Well, sir, I move to strikeout
of the Senate amendment the words " including
the amount expended prior to August 30."
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. HENN. I wish to say only two or three
words, and not to consume the time of the com-
mittee. I wish to know whether the friends of
the river and harbor bill are going to stand by
each other? If they are, let us vote down this
and every other amendment to the bill.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. ORR. The gentleman ought to confine
himself to his proposition, and not lecture his
friends here.
Mr. HENN. I wish to know whether the
friends of the river and harbor bill desire to have
it go back to the Senate or not ? If we concur in
si I these amendments, it will not go back, and then
we may save the bill. I wish to see all its true
friends, then, try to save it. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the withdrawal of
the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
After this paragraph : " For continuing the reopening of
a communication between the Albemarle, Sound, in North
Caiiilina, and the Atlantic ocean, 000," add the fol-
!o\vni<r:
In addition to the sura of $50,000 appropriated by the act
of August 30, 1852, and this sum, as well as a former ap-
prn|iriHttori, may be used for a breakwater, or such other
works as the Secretary of War may deem best adapted to
accomplish that object.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope we shall non-concur in
that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For the improvement of the Brazos river, in the State of
Tcias, $44,000.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I hope
there will be a non-concurrence in the amend-
men t.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert the words "and Passaic river, below the town of
Newark and of Newark bay," so that the paragraph will
read:
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at New-
ark, and Passaic river, below the town of Newark, and of
Newark bay, New Jersey, $35,000.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move, pro forma, to
increase the appropriation one dollar.
I have only to say to the committee that this
amendment of the Senate is proper and necessary
to subserve the purpose for which the appropria-
tion was originally put into the bill.
I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in, there being, on
a division, only forty-nine votes in the affirmative.
Sixth amendment:
For the survey of the harbors of San Pedro, Santa Bar-
bara, Monterey, San Francisco, Humboldt, and Trinity,
in the State of California, and the rivers Sacramento, San
Joaquin, and Colorado, and the harbor of Appalachicola,
Florida, $50,000.
For a survey for a breakwater at Grace's Point, Block
Island, $5,000.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say if there is
any part of the bill that is legitimate that amend-
ment is.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page fifteen, line eight, after the word " bidders," strike
out all to (he end of the bill, which comprises the follow-
ing words:
Provided, That all persons entrusted with the dbburse-
ment ot the fund appropriated for the works named m this
act shall be required to give bond and ample security for
the faithful application of the same.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill the following section:
Sec. 4. J3nd be it finther enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract with
the proper pat ties for the purchase of Grant's pass near the
entrance ot Mobile harbor, on the mail route from New
Orleans to Mobile, and that he report said contract to Con-
gress at its next session for approval.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the committee rise,
and report the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the Senate
amendments to House bill (No. 392) "making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law," and had
instructed him to report back the same to the
House, with a recommendation that the House
disagree to all saj^ amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER, i move to lay the amend-
ments on the table; and on that I ask the yeas u$d"-
nays, if I am in time in doing so.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Is it competent
to ask a separate vote on the several amendments ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) Itis competent to do so.
Mr. STUART. Then I demand a separate
vote on each of the amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the Chair whether,
if the motion to lay the amendments on the table
prevail, it does not carry the whole bill with it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore If the amend-
ments are laid on the table, they carry the bill
with them.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my motion to
lay the amendments on the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I ask the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the first amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Bank's. Bennett, Benson,
Rli^P, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruther^. Clark, Cook,
Cut loin. Cutnmmg, John G. Davis. Thomas Davis. DeWitt,
Dick, Disney, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands,
Thomas D Eliot, Elli on, Farley, Fenton, Flagter, Flor-
ence, Franklin, Goodrich, Grey, Aaron Hailan, Haven,
Hendrick?-, Henn, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Johnson, Knox, La-
tham, LimHey, McCulloch, Matteeon, Morgan, Noble,
Mord^cai Oliver, Paiker, Pennington, Pre.-.ton, Pnnele,
Dcivid Rttclue, Russell, Sabin, Sage. Sapp, Seward, Sim
mons, FredPtick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Sievens, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Thurston, Upbam, Wade, Watlev, Elhhu B
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wentworth, and Zolhcofier—70.
NAYS—Messis. Willis Alien, David J. Bailey, Barks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Caskie. Chamberlain, Cbastain, Church-
well, Cobb, Craige, Dawson, Dowdell, Edmundsori, John
M. Elliott, Enghbh, Everhart, Faulkner, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Wiley P. Harris, Hibbard, Hous-
ton, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Keitt,
Kidweil, Kitiredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, McMuilin,
McNair, McQueen, Macy, Max, SmiAMiller, M/JJson,
Moinson, Murray, Nichols, Olds, Orr,P^ker, John Per-
kins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Riddle, Ruffin; Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Richard H. Stnnton, Stratum, Siraub, Andrew Stuart,
Vail, Vansant, Walbridgc, Walsh, Daniel B. Wright, and
Hendrick B. Wright—76.
So the first amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the first amendment has been non-con-
curred in; and I also move that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
Mr. HENN (at half past one o'clock, a. m.)
moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. HENN. Then f withdraw my motion.
Mr. PHELPS. And I withdraw the motion
that I made to reconsider the vote by which the
first amendment was rejected.
The call of the House was not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order now
to move to lay the bill and amendments on the
table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in order to
move to lay the amendments on the table.
Mr. SMITH. Then 1 move to lay theamend-
ments on the table.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
cannot do so. The motion for a call of the House
is not in order when the previous question has
been ordered.
Mr. PRINGLE, (at one o'clock and thirty-five
minutes, a. m.) Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ORR Is that the entertainment that our
friend over the way invited us to?
[Laughter, and cries of " Order!"]
The question was taken; and the motion to ad-
journ was not agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Smith's motion,
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to my friend from
Virginia to withdraw his motion to lay the amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I do so.
Mr. WALSH. And I renew it.
Mr. B ARKSD ALE. On that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. James O. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges,
Brooks, Caskie, -Chastam, Cobb, Craige, John G. Davis,
Dowdell, Dunham, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ever-
hart, Faulkner, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Grow, Wiley P.
Harris, Hendricks, Iitbbard, Houston, Ingersoll, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Keiir, Kidweil, Kitiredge, Kurtz,
Lamb, Letcher,Lilly, McMuilin, McNair, McQueen,May,
Million, MorrMn, Murray, Olds, Orr, Packer, John Per-
kins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Rnffin, Shaw, Sin-
gleton, Skelton, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Strat-
ton, Straub, Vail, Walbridgc, Walker, Walsh, Daniel B.
; Wrmht, and Hendrick B. Wright—68.
li NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Bell, Benson, Bliss,
i'i Buag, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Churchwell, Clark, Cook, Cuilonr, Cumining,
ij Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Witt,Dick,Disney,Eastman,
;i Eduerton. Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English,
j, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Goodrich,
!; Green, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Henn,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Knox, Laiham,
Lindrdi'y, McCulloch, Matteson, Maurice, Smith Miller,
Morgan, Noble, viordecai Oliver, Parker, Pennington,
Preston, Pringle, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbins, Russell,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Reward, Shower, Simmons, Frederick
P Stanton, Hector L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, David
! Stuart, Nathaniel G- Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Vansant,
j Wade, Waliey, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
i Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Yates, and
Zolhcoffer—85.
So the House refused to lay the amendments on
the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. MAXWELL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Ball.
Second amendment:
Page ten, line six, after words " New York harbor,''5 in-
sert ihe word* " including the amount expended prior to
August 30, 185-2."
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
