556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand the Senator from
Indiana to say that he desired to debate the bill.
With that understanding I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. Let it be read first; and then,
if the Senator says he means to object, of course 1
shall agree to let it go over.
The bill was accordingly read.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to cause theTreasury Building to be
completed, so as also to include and provide
within it suitable rooms and accommodations for
the State Department. The whole to constitute
one building, with a front on Fifteenth street not
exceeding four hundred and seventy feet, a front
of similar extent facing west, a front not exceed-
ing two hundred and seventy feet facing north,
and a sjmilar front facing south; but no altera-
tions are to be made in the exterior of the present
Treasury Building, except what may be required
to unite it to the additions. The pi esent line of
columns on Fifteenth street are to be finished by
constructing a recessed portico with a pediment at
each end. The north and south fronts are each
to have a portico in the center of eight columns
in width, and the west front to have a projecting
portico of eight columns, flanked by receding re-
cessed porticos of two columns each, and to be
finished at the ends by recessed porticos similar
to those on Fifteenth street, the remaining por-
tions of the exteiior to be ornamented with ante
similar to those of the present Treasury Building.
Thete are to be two court yards for light and air,
each of which is not to he less than one hundred
and twenty by one hundred and forty feet The
architectural order of the presentTreasury Build-
ing is to he preserved in the additions. 1 he base-
ment is to be faced with dressed granite, and the
superstructure with marble; but the entire building
is to be made thoroughly fireproof. The details
of the plan of the building are to be subject to the
approval and direction of the President of the
United States.
It proposes further to authorize the President
to cause to be erected a building for the War and
JNavy and Interior Departments, at or near the
sites of the present buildings, to conform in out-
side dimensions to the buildings authorized to be
erected for the Treasury and Slate Departments,
with su^h modifications in architectural details
ns the President mav approve. The basements
of the building to be "faced with dressed granite or
marble, and the superstructure with maible. And
the sum of $600,000 is appropriated to commence
their construction, which money may be applied
to either or both of the buildings, winch are to be
erected consecutively or simultaneously, as the
President may determine. If only one be con-
st) uced at a lime, the budding designed for the
State and Treasury Departments is to be first com-
pleted.
Mr. PHELPS. I beg leave tomake a remark,
if the Senate will indulge me; and 1 am induced
to do so by the remaiks which have been made
by other Senators. So far as I am concerned,
uni certainly anxious that the question of my
rii'ht toa seat heie should be speedily deteimuted.
The Senate will reco'.lect that 1 was interrupted in
the remaiks which 1 commenced on a previous oc-
casion; and they will permit me to say that I do
desite, as speedily as possible, to resume and eon-
elude those icimu'ks. P,ut at ibis late period of
the day, I do not expect that 1 shall be able to
conclude by the time at which the Senate would
desire to adiourn. Under these circumstances,
permit me to surest that (he arrangement be made
to postpone ^consideration of the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary until
to-monow at one o'clock.
Mr. STUART. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Vermont, I move that
the further consideration of that subject be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. PETTIT. It is not before the Senate at
present, and therefore cannot be postponed.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make u the order
of the day for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. There is a bill under consider-
ation that must be disposed of before any such
motion can be made.
Mr. STUART. I suppose unanimous consent
will be given to take it up for that purpose.
The PRE3I DENT. The bill under considera-
tion must be disposed of first.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 move to postpone its further
consideration until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
VERMONT SENATORSHIP.
Mr. FOOT. I now move that the resolution
in relation to the case of my colleague be taken
up, for the purpose of making it the special order
of the day tor to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and its further con-
sideration was postponed to, and made the special
order for, one o'clock to-morrow. /
INDIGENT INSANE. %
Mr. FOOT. I now renew the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill making a giant
of lands to the seveial States of the Union for the
benefit of indigent insane persons. I yielded the
floor for the consideration of the other bill. 1
hope it will now be taken up and voted upon. 1
will merely remark that it stands upon the ques-
tion of its passage, and upon that question th^
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The motion to proceed to the consideration or
the bill was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the vote is taken upon
the passage of the bill, i desire to call attention to
its provisions. Ten millions of acres of public
lands are to be distributed among the States ac-
cording to the ratio fixed by the bill. When a
State has not lands, in the opinion of the Gov-
ernor of that Sta'e, worth $1 !25 an acre, its propor-
tion may be located m any other of the States or
Territoi les, on lands subject to private entry.
Ten millions of acres are to be located, not by the
States, according to the bill, but by the assignees
of the States; or, m other woids, by speculatois,
who may purchase from the States, at a sum not
less than §1 25 an acie, the amount to which each
IS entitled under the bill. What is to be the effect ?
Your State, sir, and the States of Iowa, Illinois,
and Arkansas, will then have in the hands of spec-
ulators ten millions of acres of the public land
remaining unsold. We have been talking about
giving settlers their homesteads. Pass this bill,
and in those States—and those are the only States ;
I know of where lands aie desirable—you will |
have no homesteads. The lands will be kept at
<5 to 4,10 an acre in the hands of speculators; for
when "they get all the good lands, they will hold
them up until they get that amount for them. The
homestead bill will not be worth a button if you
pass this bill. No, sir. In your State, if there
should be any lands left there worth $1 if) an acie,
they will be taken.
i Sir, 1 have rio special interest in this mat-
I ter. The State which 1 have the honor in part to
i represent has none, for we have not a quarter
I section of land in that State wotth $1 U5 an acre.
Therefore, for the portion to which Mississippi is
' entitled, she must go over into Arkansas and take
ittheie. As far as I peisona'ly and my con-
stituents are concerned, I feel no interest in it; hut
if I resided in one of those States where the lands
will be thus subject to speculatois, 1 would im-
portune every member of ihe Senate to send any
other disaster, any other evil upon the country,
rather than to place ten millions of' acres of pub-
lic lands m the hands of speculators, to be held
and disposed of by the assignees of the different '
States. My State has no interest in the question;
but 1 cannot consent, however benevolent the ob-
ject may be, to impose /Such an evil on the States
that have lands yet remaining unsold subject to
pi i\ate entry. k/
But, this is not By only objection 'to the bill,
though (hat is sufficient, for i xvonld not impose
i upon any State an injury which I would be un-
j Willing to impose upon my own. But, as has
■ already been remarked by the Senator from Vir-
' gmia, if the Federal Government can go into the
different States, and there examine the condition
of the poor, and provide by law for their relief, 1
should like to know where we are to stop? We all
know, Mr. President, that this, as well as all other
Governments, is disposed to exercise, not only
the power conferred upon it, but to encroach upon
the powers leserved to others. There is, in other
words, a constant tendency towards the consoli-
dation of power in the hands of this Federal
Government. The facility with which it call step
beyond the legitimate purposes of its creation, has
not
a tendency to induce the exercise of poweis
expressly given.
It is contended, I know, in regard to the public
lands, that the Federal Government being a trus-
tee, and having the right to dispose of them in
such a way as to promote the best interests of the
whole, you may dispose of the lands ill this way,
although you cannot collect the money and dis-
pose of the proceeds. I must acknowledge that
1 cannot draw the distinction. The dillerence
which there is between appropriating the lands by
the Federal Government to the poor of the differ-
ent States, and selling it by the office) s of the
Government, and then distributing the proceeds,
is a distinction, in my mind, without a difference.
1 am not able to see it.
I before remarked, when I first objected to the
bill, that this mode of disposing of the lands is
much more objectionable than the other. It is a
proposition to dispose of the public lands to pro-
vide for the poor; mark you, the provision of this
bill is, that not a dollar is to be given to the erec-
tion of an asylum, not one dollar to be given to
a person who is able to pay his own expenses,
but it is for the indigent, who are unable to pay
those expenses. It is, m a word, a provision out
of the public Treasury for the poor of the differ-
ent Sta'es and counties. Certainly the framersof
our Constitution never contemplated that they
were conferring such powers. I*hese are unfoi-
toiiate persons. My colleague [Mr. Brown] spoke
correctly whence stated that every member of this
body would take pleasure in voting for this bill,
if he could do so consistently with his obligations
to the country and his obligations to the Consti-
tution. But, sir, however benevolent the object
may be, it seems to me that we should look to the
consequences. WV should look to the power.
These unfortunate individuals are the objects of
the care, the anxiety, and the provision of the
State, and not of the Federal Government. It is
said, however, that we have been ill the habit of
making appropriations of public lands for souiiers,
not as a compensation, but as a gratuity on ac-
count of the gratitude of the country. 1 have not
i so understood any appropriation that has ever
been made. My understanding is, that in the es-
! timation of Congress, the amount of comoensa-
j tion awarded to the soldiers of the late war, and
1 of the Revolution, did not remunerate them for
the services they had rendered to the country; and
although tardy, when this bounty has been granted
it has been as pay, and not as a gratuity. So m
regaid to the different States. It is said that we
have been in the habit of appropriating these lands
for schools and for colleges. That is true, but not
as a gratuity. So far as 1 recollect, not a solitary
appropriation of the public lands has ever been
made, except to Ihe States in which the lands lie;
and tor what? As a gratuity to piovide for the
education of the citi/.ens of the different States?
No, sir; but in consideration that those who went
there to develop the resources of the country re-
claimed lands which were valueless, made thei\l
valuable, and rendered a service to the country.
For that consideration—that " good and valuable
consideration"—the lands have been appropriated
to the different States for colleges and schools.
But 1 have no knowledgeof a single instance here-
tofore of appropriating lands out of a State as a
general distribution. If I am wrong in that, I am
wrong in my conclusions m reference to this ques-
tion.
I Inu e no disposition to consume the time of the
Senate, or to prevent its action. If it is the will
of the majority to pass the bill, let it he so. I have
only thought it due to myself, as I was the first to
make objection to the bill, to state moie explicitly
the objections which I ha\e to it, inasmuch as I
differ from several Senators with whom 1 am in
the habit of acting.
Mr. BAYARD. As it will be impossible for
me, with my views of the Federal Constitution,
to give mv vote for the bill before the Senate, and
as the object is one which appeals strongly to our
benevolent feelings, I cannot give, in justice to
myself, a silent vote against the bill.
Sir, I have the profoundestrespect and the high-
I est admiration (without the pleasure of a personal
1 acquaintance) for the lady to whose exertions it
| is understood this bill owes its origin; hut I must,
j in reference to this measure, for the very reason
that it is a beneficent measure, and calculated to
I appeal to our best feelings, look to its object, to
