1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
ascertain whether it comes within the powers con-
fided by the people of the country to the Federal
Government. No matter how just it may be; no
matter how beneficial; if it does not fail within
the powers delegated'to the Federal Government,
it is impossible that with my views I can support
it; because I believe that if there be any one thing
more than another which is to render permanent
the union of these States it is a rigid adherence
to the principle of the limited powers in the Fed-
eral Government. The example of to-day, though
the object may be a beneficent one, may be fol-
lowed as a precedent to-morrow, in some other
case where personal or political advancement, or
sectional interest, will override the principles or
even the letter of the Constitution. With these
views 1 shall be compelled to oppose the bill; and
I desire, therefore, to state,as briefly as I can, the
ground on which I suppose that the appropriation
asked for dues not fall within the limits of the
Federal authority.
Mr. President, we all admit that the principle of
republican governments, the principle upon which
our State governments are founded, is what is
commonly called the social compact; that is, the
consent of the governed. Not that where a peo-
ple exist in sufficient numbers, and have sufficient
power to make and maintain their kws, which
alone authorizes a political organization, there
is any positive agreement by which every man
assents to the laws which are made; but that as a
necessary result of the organization, the theory
is, that the power resting in the people at large,
the political axiom must beassumed—that the will
of the majority is the evidence of the consent of
the whole. It is assumed, 1 suppose, upon this
basis, that every man is presumed, whatever his
own individual opinions may be, to assent that
the determination of the majority shall be held
to be the will of the whole political community,
as organized. This implied consent is the foun-
dation, at all events, of republican Governments,
trace it to what principle you may, and is, I believe,
what is usually called the social compact, upon
which all our different State governments rest. It
is, in part, also, the foundation of the Federal
Government, but its application there is modified.
The Federal Government is formed by the ex-
press compact of separate nations, existing as
separate States at the time when they formed it;
and the Constitution of the United States is the
evidence of the terms upon which that Government
was established. It delegates specially the powers
to which that Government is entitled, so far as
language can define them. And it restricts and
prohibits the exercise of any power which is not
necessary to cariy the delegated powers into ex-
ecution. The Federal Government, then, Mr.
President, is not a pure democracy; it is a mixed
republic. In its optration it i-? national, because
it acts directly upon the individual citizen, and
not through the political organization of the State
of which he is a member; but in the extent of its
powers it is federal. Its powers are limited by a
written instrument—the Constitution of the United
States—and the language of that Constitution is,
that"a!l legislative powers herein gianted shall
be vested in a Congress of the United States;" not
the general powers of legislation.
With this view of the Federal Constitution, let
us look to the principles by which, or the objects
to which, it was the intention of those who framed
the National Government to confine the powers
which were delegated. I could not, by any pos-
sibility, give a better classification than is given by
Mr. Madison in the forty-second number of the
Federalist. There he divides them into six classes:
First, the powers giving security against foreign
danger; second, the powers relating to the regula-
tion of intercou'se with foreign nations; third, the
powers of the Government which were necessary
for the maintenance of harmony and proper inter-
course among the States; fourth, certain miscella-
neous objects of general utility; fifth, the restrain-
ing of the States in certain injurious acts; and
sixth, the provisions forgiving efficacy to all these
powers.
Now, Mr. President, the object of this bill is to
provide for the establishment of municipal institu-
tions in the several Statesof thisUnion, by means
of a donation through the Government of money
arising from the sales of the public lands, or, if
you please, a donation of the lands themselves; I
do not care which. Is that object within the in-
tent of the Federal Constitution? Does it come
within any of the classes of powers which I have
mentioned? Sir, the word "constitution," or
constitutional, may be used in two senses. An
act may be unconstitutional as violating the spirit
and intent of the Federal Constitution, though it
may not be such a violation of its letter as would
enable the judiciary toavoid the act, or pronounce
it merely void. Tnke'an illustration of the two
cases in which the act would be equally uncon-
stitutional, though it might be that it would not
fall within the remedy of judicial restraint in the
one, and yet would m the other: The President
is authorized, under the Constitution, to convene
the two Houses of Congress on extraordinary oc-
casions. Suppose the President so lost to a sense
of duty as to issue a proclamation requiring Con-
gress to be convened, grounded on extraordinary
circumstances, you cannot question his authority
to do that. He is not obliged to specify the par-
ticular facts which constitute the extraordinary
occasion on which his proclamation is founded.
The discretion is vested in him generally. Sup-
pose when you met under such a proclamation it
wasfound thatthe"extraordinary occasion"of the
President was merely to pass a private bill for the
relief of some private claimant; would any man
doubt that it would be a gross violation of the
Federal Constitution? It would not be such as
the judiciary could reach, I admit; it would not
avoid the legality or constitutionality; in that sense
the session of Congress would be well convened,
because the matter is left in the discretion of the
President. The act would be legal and binding
on the people of the country, and the laws passed
at such a session would be valid; but the abuse of
: power on the part of the President, in calling that
! an extraordinary occasion which referred merely
j to the relief of an individual claimant, without in-
; terest to the nation at large, would certainly be a
gross violation of the Federal Constitution.
Let us take another instance in which it would
clearly be within the power of restiaint: The
Constitution gives to the President of the United
States the power, when Congress disagree as to
their time of adjournment, to adjourn them to any
day he pleases. Suppose one House of Congress
passed a resolution for the adjournment on a par-
ticular day, and it is taken up in theother House,
and a motion is made and carried to alter that day
and fix a subsequent one; there is a disagreement
beyond all question. One House has amended
and not agreed to the proposition of the other as
to the day of adjournment; but the disagreement
is not a disagreement within the meaning of the
Constitution, which would authorize the President
to udjourn both Houses of Congress; and if he
attempted to do it under such ciicumstances his
act would be merely void; the disagreement con-
templated by the Constitution being a final disa-
greement, in which each House adheres to its day,
and refuses to adopt any other. In that event
alone the Executive has authority to act. The act
of the President in adjourning Congress before a
final disagreement would be merely void, and
would not be simply an abuse of discretion, but
the exercise of an authority not within the terms
of its grant; but in either case there would be a
violation of the Constitution.
I hold, then,'hat in a deliberative body, (though
in a court of justice it would not be so)—in Con-
gress—the words " constitutional" and "uncon-
stitutional" have quite as much application to the
abuse of a power delegated in general terms, as
to the assumption of ungranted powers, though
the effect would be, when you pass the law in the
one case the judiciary have no power to i evise your
actions; but if you pass it in defiance of the ob-
jects of the Constitution, though you may have the
absolute power to do so, beyond judicial restraint,
yet you are violating that Constitution which you
have sworn to protect. It is in this sense that the
words " unconst itutional" is always used in Great
Britain. They have what they call their consti-
tution, and f may be permitted to say, that I think
they adhere to their constitution and constitutional
principles rather more rigidly than the Congress
of the United States does to ours. They have no
constitution, within the meaning of the term as
used by us, whwh restricts thepowerof Parliament,
for Parliament is really omnipotent; but you hear
the language constantly used, where the organic
laws at the foundation of the form of government
there will be violated by the principle of a bill
which is introduced. In such cases it is denounced
as an unconstitutional exercise of power. It is
in that sense that 1 mean to say that the proposed
bill is unconstitutional, and I shall be compelled
to vote against it.
I can find, m the classification of powers given
by Mr. Madison, no authority to Congress to
establish poor-houses in the States; no authority
to Congress to establish poor-houses for insane per-
sons in the States any more than for those who are
not insane. It seems to me thatif you once adopt
this measure, you will be opening the door to the
exercise, on the part of Congress, of a species of
interference indirectly with those subjects which
are exclusively meant to be matters of State legis-
lation, according to the provisions of the Federal
Constitution. That will be an abuse of yourpower.
I think some Senator, perhaps theSenator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] contended in reference
to the public lands, that you had the absolute
power of their disposal, and therefore it would not
be unconstitutional to appropriate them to this
object. I hold it to be not so. You have the
absolute power of raising money; you have the
absolute power of the appropriation of money. It
is in your discretion, if you choose to appropriate
out of the Treasury twenty thousand dollars for
any object; but the Constitution would be violated*
unless the object was within the scope of your
powers; and 1 cannot possibly distinguish between
the appropriation of money out of the Treasury,
and the appropriation of land or other property of
the United States. The phrase used in the Con-
stitution is " territory or other property" of the
United States—territory which has been purchased
with the money of the public Treasury. Where
is the distinction? If Congress can override the
Constitution by appropriating to an object not
within the intent or purpose of that Constitution,
is there not an end of your federative form of Gov-
ernment, as regards the power of appropriation?
If the Government is federal in the extent of its
powers; if it has no right to exercise powers not
within the scope and object of the Constitution,
surely no Senator will deny that it was not in-
tended that the municipal regulations of a State,
under the pretext of providing for the welfare of
the inhabitants of this Union, should be interfered
with by Congress. Certainly it would not be con-
tended that you had a right to build jails for the
purpose of confining the criminals of a State, or
make an appropriation out of the Treasury for that
purpose; and under what distinction is it, that
when you have no right to do that, you can build
poor-houses for the occupancy of the poor of the
States, or build hospitals for the insane poor? I
can see no difference between the exercise of the
one power and the other. In short, it seems to
me that ifyou can make an appropriation of money
or lands for the purpose which this bill contem-
plates, and you can restrict the State by your bill
to the application of the land or money so gi anted
to that purpose, and that purpose alone, it is a di-
rect and pa'pable mterfeience with the State sov-
ereignty in relation to a subject-matter over which
the State has exclusive jurisdiction, and over which
the Constitution has vested no jurisdiction in Con-
gress.
I hold, therefore, that though it may be, and
was, absolutely necessary that, in confiding the
powers of legislation delegated in the Federal
Constitution to the General Government to use
general terms, and to confide general powers, such
as to make peace, to make war, to raise money on
imports without any express limitation, to appro-
priate money without any express restriction other
than the discretion of Congress—these powers
must be exercised for the purposes to which the
jurisdiction of the General Government applies;
and if you do not exercise thepowerof appropri-
ation for a purpose to which the jurisdiction ap-
plies, you are violating the Constitution in your
appropriation. Why, sir, would any honorable
Senator contend here that it is within the power
of the Congress of the United States to provide
by law for the election of hospitals for the indi-
gent insane within theStates? Putit in that form.
Suppose you authorize the erection of a hospital
for the indigent insane directly in a State. I ask,
would that not be the assumption of a power not
delegated, and inevitably void ? If you have no
right to do it directly, on what principle is it that
those moneys which are confided to your hands,
as collected from imports, or those lands which
