558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
you bought with moneys collected on imports, and
which became the common property of the people
of the country, can be appropriated for a purpose
which Congress have no authority to perform, in
the national and proper operation of its laws, upon
the citizen directly, instead of through the politi-
cal medium of the States?
Mr. President, independent of this question con-
nected with the constitutional provision, I could
not, with my view of what is necessary for the
permanence of this Government, ever agree to
make the States the mere pensioners of the Gen-
eral Government for any purpose whatever which
is within their jurisdiction, and not within the ju-
risdiction of the Federal Government. I know,
sir, that this bill might be beneficial to my State.
There may be, there are, other measures which
would be beneficial to my State, and to other i
States, which Congress has no authority to pass;
and it is, however, of far deeper ultimate interest
to the people of my State, and of far deeper inter-
est to the people of every State of this Union, in
my judgment, that Congress shall be held to the
powers intended to be confided by the Constitu-
tion, unless the people will, in a proper manner,
agree to amend that Constitution, of far more abid-
ing interest than if they got thousands, ay mil-
lions of dollars for any purpose whatever, by an
invasion of the Constitution.
Sir, you may commence this system, founded
upon a beneficent project, which may meet the ap-
proval of every man's judgment; but make the
first inroad upon the Constitution, and it will be
followed certainly by projects of every kind in
which the rights of the States will be overridden,
and the Federal Government will concentrate in
itself all power; and not only this, but it will lead
to dangerous projects of sectional advancement.
State combinations, through the means of that
power of Congress will be entered into; and the
moment you trample upon the restrictive prin-
ciples of the Constitution, they will be brought
into exercise for sectional purposes. When that
time comes, the spirit of resistance will arise in
those States which are denied the common ben-
efits of the common property of the Union. The
effect will be corruptive also. Power always tends
to corruption. The great support which is here-
after to maintain the Federal Government must
arise from its abstinence in the exercise of even
doubtful powers, and that abstinence must be
confirmed by a settled, persistent determination
to abide by that rule of the Constitution which
requires the application of granted powers to ob-
jects within the jurisdiction of Congress, and none
other; leaving other matters of beneficial legislation
where the Constitution meant them to be left—to
the States, and to the people of the States respec-
tively.
Mr. President, the principles which I have ad-
vocated originate not with me. There is not one
principle I have enunciated which you cannot find
in the discussions on the Federal Constitution,
which were had before the people of America, be-
fore the adoption of the Constitution, and under-
stood and known to be the most pregnant argu-
ments which induced the States and the people to
adopt that Constitution. This discussion, too,
took place long befoie that article was inserted
which subsequently, in express terms, restricts the
powers of the Federal Government to delegated
powers, and reserves to the States and people all
others. I will rend (for it is well to recur at
timesto the opmionsexpressed in that day)—I will
read one or two passages from the Federalist, as
illustrative of the opinions which I haveadvanced;
and 1 think they will fully sustain me. On page
241 of the Federalist, No. 39, in a number writ-
ten by Mr. Madison, speaking of the relation and
extent of powers, he uses this language:
" In tiiw relation, thorn tin* proposed Govei nment cannot
lie deemed a national one, t-inco it-. jmi-dietion extends to
certain enumerated object* only, and leaves to the several
States a residuary and inviolable sovereignty over afi other
object?'."
1 ask you, where is this object of providing for
the indigent insane, or any similar object, enum-
erated m the Constitution ? Does it come within
the classification of powers ? It has no connection
clearly with the security against foreign danger,
it has no connection with the intetcourse with for-
eign States, ft has no connection with the third j
class of powers, for the maintenance of proper i
harmony and intercourse between the States. It !
has no connection with the miscellaneous objects,
because they are specified, such as copyright, pat-
ent laws, the jurisdiction over the District of Co-
lumbia, and the power over the public lands. The
last power was confided for no such purpose as
legislation for beneficial municipal objects. All
control and regulation of such matters are reserved
for the exclusive jurisdiction of the State govern-
ments. According to the language of Mr. Mad-
ison, there is left m them in this respect a resid-
uary and inviolable sovereignty. Sir, I am un-
willing to violate that sovereignty.
Again, on page 292, in the 45th number of the
Federalist, he holds this language:
u The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to
the Federal Government, are lew and defined. Those
which are to lematn m the State government ate numerous
and indefinite. The former will be exereised principally
on externa! objects, as war, peace, negotiation, and foreign
commerce, with which last the power of taxation will, tor
the most part, be connected. The powers reserved to the
several States will extend to all the objects, which, in the
ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and
pioperties of the people ; bind the internal older, improve-
ment, and prosperity of the State."
Is not a provision for the indigent insane an
object which, in the ordinary course of affairs,
relates solely " to the internal order, improve-
ment, and prosperity of a State?"
I ask, then, within which of these classes does
the provision of building hospitals for the indigent
insane come? It appears to me, sir, that we had
far better trust for the exposition of the intent and
object of the Federal Constitution, if there be any
doubt about its objects in this case, to those who
explained it to the American people, and who con-
fessedly led to its adoption by the force of their
arguments, than to trust now to a loose and dan-
geious construction, which will lead us to an
indefinite exercise of power, simply because the
object proposed is of an unquestionably benevolent
character.
The argument comes to this: That though the
power may he confided, in general terms, as was
absolutely necessary in reference to the general
power, that is, the power either to collect moneys
into the Treasury, through the means of imposts,
or the power of the appropriation of money in the
Treasury, though there is no limitation expressed
in terms, both powers are necessarily confined,
by implication, arising from the structure of the
instrument, to objects within the Federal Consti-
tution, to objects which the Genetal Government
was organized to carry out. If this be not the
construction of the Constitution, this Government
ceases to be a Government of limited powers.
I have read enough to indicate the coherence of
my views with those expressed by one of the
authors of the Federalist, at the time when the
Constitution of the United States was before the
people of the several States for adoption or re-
jection, on objections made to it as to the abuses
to which it would be liable. These reasons were
spread broadcast throughout the country. These
letters, which, by general acknowledgment, are
regarded as of surpassing ability, and as splendid
specimens of profound reasoning, explained the
provisions of the Constitution, the object of the
Federal Government, its nature, and the extent to
which its powers were to be applied; and these
explanations undoubtedly had a powerful effect.
Ultimately, the States of this Union adopted this
as a National Government, ft is a National
Government, but established by free and inde-
pendent States, by an express compact, dele-
gating special powers of government, and subject-
ing it to all the restrictions upon its powers which
are expressly imposed by the terms of the grant,
or which arise, by implication, from the mode in
which it was organized.
Mr. President, I have now expressed, as briefly '
as I could, the views whichl entertain in reference '
to the true construction of the Federal Constitu- ;
tion. I say, then, that if a bill is proposed which ap- j
propriates either land or money—and I cannot see ;
that the land of the Government is not the same as !
the_ money of the Government'—for a purpose I
which is strictly a municipal purpose, for a pur- I
pose which is exclusively within the jurisdiction ;
of the States, I must consider it as transcending i
the powers of the Federal Government. Though i
the effect of the appropriation proposed by the bill
under consideration may, in this case, be bene-
ficial to my own State; though it may be agreeable
to my own feelings; though I may earnestly desire
to see institutions such as are proposed to be estab-
lished by the bill, established throughout every
State of the Union, yet 1 cannot consent, for the
reasons which I have stated, to violate what I be-
lieve to be the true and only safe construction of
the Federal Constitution.
Sir, I had intended to pursue the application of
these remarks in reference to an amendmentwhich
I contemplated offering to some of the railroad
bills, as they are called, which passed the Senate
on an occasion when I was not present. I do not
know that it is strictly in order to do so, but I
believe that under the course which debate usually
takes in the Senate, I may apply now the princi-
ples which I have laid down. Perhaps I am the
more justified in doing so, from the fact that,
owing to misapprehension on the part of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] a bill to
which I had intended to propose an amendment,
which amendment was submitted as oneto be pro-
posed, and ordered to be printed, was taken upon
the first morning when 1 was absent from the Sen-
ate Chamber, and passed without my having an
opportunity to explain the principle on which my
amendment rested. In addition to that, not only
was the particular bill to which the amendment
was submitted passed, but the amendment, which
was general in its design, looking to all railroad
bills, was entirely disregarded, not even consid-
ered, and some eight or nine bills, granting1 away
millions of acres, were hurried through the Senate
without my having an opportunity to explain my
amendment, or state my objections to those bills
as reported. I will do so now; it will take but a
very short time, and the matter is very plain and
simple.
I presume that almost all the members of the
Senate who belong to the political party to which
I am and have been attached, will agree with
me that the General Government has no power
directly to appropriate lands or money for the
purposes contemplated in those railroad bills
generally. I presume, in other words, that it is
considered now (I admit there have been great
fluctuations) a settled doctrine of the Democratic
party that the General Government cannot make
appropriations out of the Treasury for a gene-
ral system of internal improvements. I am per-
fectly aware that, many years ago, the Demo-
cratic party passed bills making such appropria-
tions to corporations, which would be voted down
now; and there have been fluctuations of opinion
on this question at different times. I hold myself
bound, therefore,by no precedents in that respect,
but bound to adhere to what I believe to be the
proper construction of the Federal Constitution.
I have stated that it is now settled Democratic
doctrine that the General Government cannot ap-
propriate land or money for a general system of
internal improvements in the States. Honorable
Senators from the land States, however, say that
there is a distinction in regard to the public lands.
They say that, though you have no right to ap-
propriate the public lands to all the States, you
may justify their appropriation to the States m
which they lie for the purpose of making roads and
canals, on the ground that the particular improve-
ment enhances the value of the residue of the
property which the Government holds as a great
landholder; and that, as the Government holds
large quantities of land in the States, it would be
both unjust and inequitable for it to take advan-
tage of the improvement in the value of its lands
resulting fiom the expenditure of the capital of a
State, or the capital and enterprise of the citizens
of a State, without contributing in some way to
this increased valuation.
Sir, there is a great deal of equity in that dis-
tinction ; and the only question which arises in my
mind is, as to the adoption of the mode in which
they expect to get at that equity. They deny,the
ri^ht of the General Government to make appro-
priations of land or money for purposes of general
improvement in the States. They claim the right
to appropriations of land for railroads or canals,
to the individual States in which the lands lie, on
the ground that it is the duty and interest of the
Government, not as a Government, but as a great
landholder, to contribute its proportion to the in-
creased value of the lands which it owns. There
is great force in the equity of this principle. Now
for its application.
The bills which have been introduced as model
bills, all resembling each other, provide thataltern-
