1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
to tlie national representation of Central America, I have
the honor of announcing the same to your Kxcelleney, and
of praying you to give credence to whatever he shall say
^ to you on my part. He knows the concern which our Re-
public takes in the interest and prosperity of the national
representation of Central America; our strong desire to
cultivate its friendship, and to deserve it by all the good
offices which may be m our power. He knows, also, my
zeai to promote these by whatever may depend upon my
ministry.
I have no doubt that Mr. Kerr will so conduct himself as
to merit your confidence; and I avail myself with pleasure
of this opportunity to offer to you the assurance of my most
distinguished consideration.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
His Excellency The Minister of Foreign' Affairs,
of the national representation of Central Jhnerica.
Now, it has always been the practice of Con-
gress to allow a gentleman who has been appointed
temporarily Charge or Minister, even if he is not
confirmed by the Senate, the usual outfit and sal-
ary. Why make an exception in this case? The
Senate, on full consideration, have allowed the
outfit, and I hope this committee will not make a
distinction against Mr. Kerr. He maintained his
residence in Nicaragua, and went on an additional
mission to Central America by order of the Presi-
dent of the United States,and undera commission
from the Secretary of State, and it seems to me
that he is justly entitled to the outfit usually
allowed.
1 now withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the Senate; and it was concurred in.
The sixth amendment was read, as follows:
Page mx, after line one hundred and thirty-three, insert
tile following:
For rent of surveyor general's office in California, pur-
chase of instruments, recoids, drawing materials, furniture,
fuel, and pay of messengers, §4,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The seventh amendment was read, as follows:
For compensation of a draughtsman and clerks for the
office of the surveyor general of California, $10,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The eighth amendment was read, as follows:
For contingent expenses in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions: For stationery, @1,000; for binding
books, $1,000 ; for office furniture, §1,000; for printing and
engraving bounty land certificates, $1,500 ; for miscellane-
ous items, $1,500.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee recommend a
concurrence in that amendment also.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The ninth amendment was read, as follows:
Foi continuing tiie surveys in the northern portions of
Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, at the rates now author-
ized by law, $40,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee recommend a
concurrence in this amendment. It is for the
purpose of continuing the surveys, which, if they
are not made this year, will be made the next.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The amendment next in order was then read, as
follows:
Page seven, after line one hundred and fifty-eight, insert
the following:
For completing and keeping in order the grounds south
of tlie President's House, $9,770.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee recommend a
non-concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE. I understand that the money
that was appropriated for this purpose has been
already exhausted. These grounds are in a very
bad condition, making the neighborhood quite
unhealthy. The health of a former President was
very much injured, so much so that his family
removed during the summer months to the heights
at Georgetown. There are pools of water in the
grounds in question, which it is desirable should
be filled in with earth. From what I learn I think
it is indispensable that the improvements asked
for should be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out all but the words " $9,000," merely for the
purpose of saying that the appropriation asked
for here is to be applied to the improvement of
the grounds south of the President's House. Be-
tween the street and south of the President's
house is a wall, and also a canal. You will find,
by examining the appropriations for the last six
or seven years, that there have been expended
upon the piece of ground in question about
$60,000. The appropriation now asked for is an
additional one, necessary, it is said, to complete
the improvement of this ground.
Mr.CRAIGE. Whatever the amount expended
may have been, I do not know. One thing is very
evident, that the grounds should be still further
improved; and another thing is quite certain, that
the workmen who have been employed upon these
improvements have not been paid. The Govern-
ment ought to pay for the improvements which
are now going on there.
Mr. JONES. There were a great many per-
sons at work there on last Saturday, and I have
no idea that the sum named here, or §50,000 ad-
ditional, will be sufficient to complete the improve-
ments upon this ground.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and I desire to say but a few words
in regard to this matter. It is true that a large
amount of money has been expended upon this
ground, but the improvement required there was
a very extensive and a very expensive one. Gen-
tlemen who have been familiar with this city for
the last ten or twelve years, will recollect that at
one time there was a very deep ravine upon this
ground, and that nearly the whole place has had
to be filled up with earth brought from other
places—sometimes a great distance. The expend-
iture of $6(i,000 is really a matter of no conse-
quence, in comparison with the great improvement
which has been already made. The work is now
nearly completed; ami the sum now asked for
will put the ground in a very fine condition. In-
asmuch as the health of the President, and of his
family, and the beauty of the city, depend upon
this improvement, I think there ought to be no
hesitation upon the part of the committee in pass-
ing the appropriation now asked for.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the amendment I
offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
concurring with the Senate amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
words $9,000. That will make the sum $770.
According to the information I have had in regard
to that piece of land, the first appropriation that
was made by Congress was expended in making
a fish-pond—in making this very hole about which
the gentleman talks, which had to be filled up
subsequently by an additional expenditure of the
public money.
I was upon the ground the other day, and I
saw that the lot was pretty well laid out, and that
the grass was fcoming up; and I cannot exactly
understand, under these circumstances, what they
want with the $9,000 asked for. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Craige] says that
debts have been contracted which we ought to
meet. I shall vote against this appropriation, for
1 think it is high time that Congress should give
their officers to understand that they are to ex-
pend the money which is appropriated, and not
to expend money in advance of appropriations,
and then ask for additional appropriations. I am
for confining them to the law as it is written, and to
compel them to make their action correspond with
it. We hold the first place here. They are our
servants and agents, and they are to perform their
duties m compliance with the law as written, and
not the law as they choose to enlarge it.
Mr. CRAIGE. I appiehend that if the law
were carried out on that maxim, we would never
get work properly done. While the principle, as
a general one, is correct, it wpuld not work well
if it were carried out too strictly. It is often
necessary for the envployees of Government to
perform works which have not been provided for
by general appropriation.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will permit me to interrupt him, I would
ask him if this is one of the cases he speaks of?
Mr. CRAIGE. I think it is. It would be a
very extraordinary thing, indeed, Mr. Chairman,
where the Government of the United States has
appointed officers for the purpose of performing
duties, and where it may have been necessary, in
order to carry on the affairs of Government, that
there should be a particular work performed by
these officers, that, under that general law of the
Government, such work exscripta, and not pro-
vided for specifically, could not be done. This
House never recognized any such doctrine, how-
much soever we may be disposed to save thefunds
of the Government. "Whenever the Government
contracts a debt, let us pay it whatever it is.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] to strike out the appro-
priation of-$9,000.
Mr. TAYLOR. Is not an amendment to the
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. There is an
amendment to the amendment pending.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is on
concurring with the amendment reported from the
Senate.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Chairman, I move to reduce
the appropriation $5,000, for the purpose of ask-
ing a question. 1 should like to know the amount
that has been expended here? It is said on the
other side of the House that it would require all
this money to complete the improvement. Ifthis
is so, what amount has been expended; and'how
much more are we to pay ?
Mr. LETCHER, (int^rupting.) With the
consent of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sage,] I desire to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether, in this very
case, by an amendment of Mr. Seymour, of New
York, it was not proposed to give a bond for fin-
ishing this work with the appropriation made by
the last Congress ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not looked particu-
larly at this matter myself. But, in reply to the
questions propounded by the gentlemen from
New York and Virginia, [Messrs. Sage and
Letcher,] I would say this: I do not know the
amount of money that has been expended on the
improvement of these grounds. I think, how-
ever, that my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
is mistaken as to the amount; although, if he has
examined it, I will not controvert his statement.
During the first session of the last Congress an
appropriation was made of $12,000 for this pur-
pose; and, on the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, a proviso was appended
to the appropriation, saying that this amount, or
any part of it, should not be expended until, and
unless, a contract was entered into for the entire
completion of the grounds. Well, Mr. Chairman,
that sum is gone. The present occupant of the
White Rouse had nothing to do with it. The
money was expended before he came into power;
and although it may have been expended—I care
not in what way—are we then to leave the grounds
unimproved, while there is the best reasdn to .be-
lieve that their being left so produce sickness to
the inhabitants.
Now, sir, I am not generally in the habit of
voting for this kind of appropriation. But it seems
to me that this is a case which appeals more strongly
to us than almost any other; and for the reason
that the best opinion is, that leaving the grounds
in their present condition; the condition in which
they were during the winter and spring, they
produce sickness in that quarter of the city, and
compel the occupants of the White House to
leave it every summer, and seek a residence at
some other place; it seems to me that,under such
circumstances, you should appropriate money
enough to complete the improvement. If it is ad-
mitted that the grounds, in their incomplete state,
produce sickness, then I think we ought to com-
plete the improvements; and while I will contend,
and ever have contended, not only by speech but
by votes, for a strict adherence to the rule which
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] lays
down, in reference to confining the expenditure of
moneys for public works to the amount appropri-
ated, yet if there is any case in which a violation
of that rule is admissible, it is the one now under
consideration.
Mr. LETCHER. Is an amendment now pend-
ing?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York is pending.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation one dollar.
If I understand the matter correctly, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend that this
appropriation be stricken out of the bill; in other
words, that the committee shall non-concur in
the amendment of the Senate; and yet, remarkable
