560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
that property shall be disposed of for their pecu-
liar benefit.
The language of the Constitution as to land or
territory is, that " Congress shall have power to
dispose of, and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting: the territory, or other property
belonging to the United States." Thus,'the power
of Congress over land is placed in the same posi-
tion as their power over other property. Origin-
ally the land of the (Government was acquired by
cessions from the States. For whose'benefit were
those cessions made? For the benefit of the Na-
tional Government, and to be applicable to the
general purpose to which the jurisdiction of the
National Government attached. Mr. Madison, in
the course of his letters in the Federalist, states
it po, decidedly, and explains the object and intent
of the provision. He says that at that time they
looked to the lands as a source of revenue to the
country at large, and that themdividual States had
yielded and ceded their claims with liberality to
the General Government, for the general purposes
of the whole country; but to be used—how5 Like
any other property, with the restriction that the
lands ceded should be used so as to carry out the
objects and purposes for which the Federal Gov-
ernment was constituted—for such objects arid pur-
poses as fell within the jurisdiction of the Federal
Government as constituted under the Constitution,
and internal improvements within the States is not
one of them. When, in the application of the
lands, you do not make the donation on the prin-
ciple of which I have spoken, of contributing part
of the lands for the improvement of the residue,
and reserving section for section, or of giving to the
State the entire benefit of the improvement which
she pleases to make, and reserving to the Govern-
ment the value of the land as it existed, without
reference to the improvement, it, seems to me plain
that you violate the Federal Constitution, whether
you appropriate the land to the land States, or the
States at large. You violate it just as much as if
you appropriated money out of the Treasury for
the same purpose of internal improvement; and it
is to me a matter of astonishment that any dis-
tinction should either be pretended, or contended
for, as havins: a real existence.
1 know, sir, that from individual desire for
wealth; I know, still more, that from the desire
for the increase of a State m wealth and in popu-
lation, the harriers of the Constitution are too often
broken down, or in provisions disregarded; but
1 will still hope, until finally convinced by sad
experience, that the wisdom of our forefathers
has not gone for nothing, that there will be, after
discussion, sufficient adherence to the great prin-
ciples of the Constitution, sufficient desire to main-
tain this Government as it was organized, as a
limited Government, as to induce the members of
this body to refuse appropriations which are par-
tial and sectional in their character, and which
ate made for an object not within the intent of the
Federal Constitution.
Sir, sectional distinctions may arise from other
causes than the existence of slavery. Any im-
proper exercise of the powers of the General Gov-
ernment for the benefit of one section alone, whilst
the same exercise of power is refused tor the ben-
efit of the country at larire, generates sectional
feelmsrsand sectional jealousies; and I shall always
found opposed to the exercise of any power
which has mui h a tendency.
I think i give strong evidence that it is my
desire to udheie in good faith to what 1 regard as
the proper construction of the Federal Constitu-
tion, when I state that I shall vote against the bill
winch is now before the Senate. It is one which
1 am sure it would gratify me, as an individual, if
I could vote for. It is one, as I have stated before,
which would be a benefit to my constituents in the
immediate act, not in the ultimate result, involv-
ing,as it does, a violation of the Constitution. Sir,
mine is a small Suite. It is a State of limited
means; but, thank God, there is sufficient provi-
dence in its people to have kept, them out of debt.
1 thank God, fuither, that there has been suffi-
cient wisdom on the part of its rulers to have pre-
vented them—for the sake of power and wealth,
as the sole objects of human life, or the sole meas-
ure of human prosperity—from embarking their
State government in a system of internal improve-
ments, which, however it may add rapidly to a
population, and however you may count up the
cities to whicli it may give rise, or the millions of
wealth which it may aggregate together, by de-
veloping the resources ofcthe people, yet will ulti-
mately tell, as m some of the Spates of this Union
it has already told, most fearfully, in the coirup-
tion of the political morals of the people—those
political morals which lie at the foundation of the
State as well as the General Governments. Mr.
President, whatever may be my confidence in the
poweis of men for self-government—and they are
great as regards the people of this country—I hold
it to be certain that the establishment and main-
tenance of a republican Government, presupposes
a general diffusion of morals, and intelligence, and
habits of self-government among the people at
large, which, until our existence as a nation, has
been rarely, if ever, found in the history of the
world. It is for the pi eservation of those habits, it
is for the freedom from the corruptions incident to
the use of the power of the Government, for pur-
poses better intrusted to individual enterprise,
perverted, as it but loo often is for personal ends
and personal aggrandizement, at the expense of
the community at large, thatl contend, i believe
those States, who have so employed the powers of
Government, may have grown rich under its ope-
ration, and may have increased m aggregate wealth
and population by this hot-house system, but the
ultimate effect will, 1 fear, be anything but bene-
ficial, either to the purity of their own form of gov-
ernment, the real happiness and prosperity of then-
people, or to the permanency of our republican
institutions.
Mr. BROWN. I do not intend, Mr. Presi-
dent, to protiact this discussion. It is not my
purpose at all to reply to the speech of the Sena-
tor from Delaware; I have, however, a few words
to say in reply to the remaiks which my colleague
made this morning, and, as he will understand,
ceitainlyin no spirit of controversy; but as we
differ about this measure, I wish that rnv views
may go upon the record with his own. I ahaU not
repeat what I said the other day when I gave my
views upon the bill
I do not understand my colleague as calling in
question the power of the Government to make
such grants of the public land as have been made
heretofore for school purposes, for internal im-
provement purposes, and for the various objects to
which Congress has appropriated public lands.
He is not understood by me as calling in question
the power of the Government to appropriate land,
as it has appropriated it in our own State, for ex-
ample, for public buildings, nor the power to ap-
propriate land, not only to endow colleges, but to
establish common schools. He has not questioned
the power of the Government to make us a grant
of more than a. million of acres of land for internal
improvement purposes, to erect levees on the
banks of the Mississippi, and various other streams
in our own State, and m other new States which
have had the same sort of grants. My colleague
at this very session has introduced one or two bills
making grants of alternate sections of land for rail-
road purposes. In doingthisl had supposed that
the whole question of power was conceded.
I know that my colleague and myself agree
upon one thing—that this Government has no
power to make appropriations from the National
Treasury for woi ks of internal improvement. lie
will not pretend to insist that Congress may sell
the alternate sections of land which he himself
proposes to grant, and then vote back from the
Treasuiy of the United States the precise sum '
which it had received from the saleof'tbese lands, '
for the puipose of aiding in the construction of the
roads. My colleague will not pretend that Con-
gress has power to sell the millions of acres of
swamp lands which have been granted to our own
State, even at, one cent an acre, and then appro-
priate that money buck from the Treasury to erect
a levee on the Mississippi river, or on the bank of
any other stream. He, therefore, like myself,
draws a clear distinction between the power which
the Federal Government exercises over the public
lands and the power which it exercises over money
in the Treasury. My colleague will not pretend
for a moment—for I know he is a Democrat, and
a strict constructionist—that Congi ess has power
to se'l a township of land in our own State, and
then take the money for which it has sold that
township, and appropriate it to the endowment of
a college m that State. Yet all such grants in the
form of land, have not only received our sanction,
but have received the approval of our votes, upon II
the ground that the Federal Government admin-
isters the public lands upon one principle, and the
money in the Treasury upon another principle;
I that you hold your power over the lands by a
j tenure very different and more ample than that by
i which you hold your power over the Treasury of
; the nation.
j Now, I do not understand my colleague as
, having objected to the exercise of these poweis
j heretofore; and he admits the distinction which [
| have drawn. He says, however, that heretofoie
| the grants have been made to States within which
] the lands lay; that land has been given to Missis-
; sippi, for example, to Alabama, Louisiana, and
1 other States, hut always taken from the public do-
1 main lying within the limits of those States. 1 can-
1 notconceivethat this affects, thequestion of power,
i The land either belongs to the new States, or it
> belongs to all the States. It it belongs to the new
! States, to the States within which it lies, then we
have no business to come here to Congi ess and
I ask you, Mr. President, and your associates hei e,
| to dole it out to us. If u is our land, if it belongs
to the land States, why should we ask Congi ess to
; give it to us? Why not assert our authority over
it, take it into possession, and administer it in our
, own way ? If it be, as 1 suppose it is, the prop-
erty of all the States, the old as well as the new,
then I know not by what sort of leasoning my
honorable colleague and other gentlemen will jus-
1 tify themselves in voting to give land to the new
1 States, and refusing to give it to the old States. I
; say, sir, that if Virginia, and Massachusetts, and
other old States have an inteiest in these lands,
like the land States themselves,the sameauthouty
i which authonz.es you to give land to the new an-
i thoiiz.es you to give it to the old States; and the
■ same authority \vh,ich authorizes you to £ive land
1 for school purposes, and endow a school, will au-
thorize you to give it to endow an insane asylum.
I want to see theastutegentlernanfrom Delawate,
who has exercised his ingenuity on this subject,
draw the distinction between endowing a college
forsane children and a college for insane chikben.
i Mr. BAYARD. I will state the difference to
the gentleman in a moment. I cannot account
for the reason under which Congress may have
acted when they adopted the acts to which he re-
1 fers; but I can state the reason why I suppose,
I fioin the circumstances, they did so act. I know
I the fact, that the general land system authorizes
i the reservation of every sixteenth section in a
, township for school purposes. I know the fact,
- that the swamp lands, as they are called, have
! been granted to the States in which ihev lay. I
j suppose that was upon the principle which was
! stated by the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
! of the right of the Government as a landholder.
■ When Congress were devising a general system
for the disposition of the public lands, they or-
■ ganized a land system on the basis of securing
1 every sixteenth section for school purposes, so
i that it would be an inducement to settlers to go on
the lands and purchase them.
So in regatd to the swamp lands. Thev sup-
posed them to have been impiacticable and useless
1 as to any benefit to the General Government: and,
as they had no authority to enter into improve-
ments on them, in order to drain them, for the
purposes of sale, they gave them to the States in
which they toy, under the idea that if thev were
drained by those Stale:-, the draining would tend
to imptove the residue of the lands within the limits
of those States This is what I suppose to be the
basis on which the disunenori is drawn between
making an application of the public lands to the
States at large and the States in which they he.
It is a part of the general system conducive to the
sale of the lands, but that would not apply to the
present hill.
Mr. BROWN. I understand the gentleman's
argument perfectly; but he has failed to draw the
distinction between the arguments which just-fy
the exercise of power and those whu-h establish
its existence. When you gave away the swamp
lands for the purposes indicated by the Senator
from Delaware, and whpn vou gave alternate sec-
tions of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road, you gave it because the grant enhanced the
value of the remaining lands. That is the reason
which in such a case moves you to action. It is
the argument by which yon undertake to justify
the giving away of the public lands; but itcei tninly
does not confer the power on you to give them
