THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Consress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1854.
New Series No. 134.
late period of the session, we had better come to
a vote upon this question, and settle this thing,
one way or another. I want to know, when, one
of these days, we annex the Sandwich Islands,
whether King Ka-me-ha-me-ha is to be incorporated
among the executive officers of this Government
by operation of law? [Laughter.] I want to
know whether, when Cuba comes into our pos-
session, her custom-house officers, who have been
making so much trouble there, are to be incorpo-
rated among the executive officers of the Govern-
ment? I rather think that we had better take a
little time in the consideration of this subject, and
vote this proposition down.
Mr. M1LLSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was then taken on the Senate's
amendment; and it was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Awl be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States, within thirty days after the passage hereof,
shall assemble a naval board, to consist of three captains,
two commanders, and two lieutenant1?, which board shall
investigate the conduct, character, and standing of all the
officers of the grades of captains, commanders, lieuten-
ants, passed midshipmen, and masters m the line of pro-
motion, and shall ascertain and report to the Secretary of
the Navy, under such rules and regulations as he may pre-
scribe, every officer of *>aid grades that said board shall
deem incompetent or disqualified to dischargepromptly his?
whole duty ashore or afloat; and m every case the baid
hoard shall report, in two separate classes, such officers as
the interests of the servxcc require should be dismissed, and
such as should be placed out of the line of promotion, with
its reasons for the same: Provided, That, upon said board,
officers shall not investigate, vote, or report upon officers
of a senior grade. Upon the return of the reports of the
board to the Secretary of the Navy, he shall, so far as the
President shall approve the same, cause those officers who
may be reported for dismissal, to be dismissed the service,
with six months'sea service pay; and those who may be
reported for withdrawal from the line of promotion, to be
so withdrawn, upon pay which shall not he more than three
fifths, nor less than one fifth their sea servicc pay respect-
ively, to be determined and approved by the President:
Provided, That passed midshipmen and masters m the line
of promotion, so reported in the second class, shall be
dropped from the service, and shall therpupon receive one
year's sea service pay. The said board shall be convened
and regulated as the Secretary may direct; and he shall
ascertain, in such manner as he may deem ju.-t and expe-
dient, the services, standing, and character of the officers
of the grades aforesaid, and submit the same to the board
for its better information: Piovided, That the promotions
winch may he made in consequence of such dismissals
and withdrawals, shall reduce the grade of commanders to
seventy, which shall hereafter be the number of said grade.
Mr. PHELPS took the floor.
Mr. SKELTON. I wonder that these gentle-
men occupy the floor all the time. Have the naval
committee nothing to say about naval affairs?
Mr. PHELPS. I willingly yield the floor.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that this provision incorporated in this bill
is a part of a bill reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and now in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to beaded upon.
I think that that portion of the bill embraced m
this proposition is too important to be acted upon
at so short a notice, and with so little discussion.
I hope, therefore, it will be stricken out; because,
when that discussion comes before the House, I
shall desire at least an hour to discuss the propo-
sition in favor of this retired list. Therefore, for
the purpose of facilitating business, 1 simply de-
sire, as one of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to have this amendment stricken out, and left to the
next session, when we act upon the bill which
embraces that proposition.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope the committee will in-
dulge me for a moment to say something about
this amendment. Inasmuch as thegentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] has said thatthiBisa
part of a bill reported here by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, 1 desire to say a word or two about
it. If my friend will examine it particularly, he
will find that this amendment is not a part of the
bill presented here by that committee. I consider
this a very different thing from the provisions of
the bill of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman will allow
me to say that it embraces the principles contained
in part of the bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. It may embrace the principles
134
of part of the bill, but the bill reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs has in it other im-
portant, almost vital, principles, connecting them-
selves with this, without which this thing of a
retired list will not be efficient, and is not desira-
ble. If, however, Mr. Chairman, I were perfectly
satisfied that the bill to which the gentleman has
referred would come op at the next session, meet
with a fair and deliberate discussion, and be acted
on by the House in good faith, I would go with
him for voting- down this proposition now.
Mr. PHELPS. I will lend my aid to getting
the bill alluded to discussed next session.
Mr. BOCOCK. But it is not now with me a
question of what is right; it is a question of what
we can get.
This thing is not satisfactory to me. It is crude;
it is imperfect, and it has very many objections.
It is but a temporary expedient at best. But for
years past, those who have had the Navy in
charge have sued here at the door of this House
for the admission of reforms, and it has never
been open. They have spent weeks and months
preparing bills, and have clamored for admission.
Mr. Chairman. I desire to say here that this
principle of a retired list—because 1 believe a
great prejudice exists against it—is one of econ-
omy, as well as reform. Men now in theNavy are
practically retired. I find men in the Navy upon
the captains list, the commanders list, and even
upon the lieutenants list, retired for life, because
they are incompetent to render services. And
the simple question about the retired list is, shall
those men, retired in fact, and incompetent for
service, stand there upon the list, receiving their
regular leave of absence pay, and stand in the way
of younger and more efficient men, who have the
interest of the Navy at heart, and the honor ofv
their country in their affections?
The gentleman over the way [Mr. Skelton]
talked the other day about civil pensions. But
why talk about civil pensions ? There is no danger
of a system of civil pensions being established in'
this country; but he talks about it, because he is a
man sagacious enough to know that if this thing
is to be attacked at all, it must be attacked in the
flank, and not in front; that it must be attacked
by prejudice and not by reason. Civil pensions
are odious. The gentleman is desirous of making
the House believe that this is a system of civil
pensions; but he must have studied a different
vocabulary, and had different sources of informa-
tion from any thing I have had access to, if he can
sshow to me, that paying a man upon the retired
list of the Navy, is a civil pension.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the two amendments
will be considered together. I have this to say in
relation to the matter: The very argument of the
gentleman from Virginia ought to convince the
committee that this is an improper time to attempt
to adopt such an amendment, it is proposed that
you shall appoint a board of officers, who shall
examine and report those officers 111 the Navy of
the United States who are to be dismissed from
service. It is also provided that the board of offi-
cers shall report a list of such officers, above a
certain grade, who, in their opinion, ought to be
retired and placed out of the line of promotion.
And if you retire them, you must, of necessity,
retire them upon pay. You must retire them
upon pay or leave. I have the impression that
some other provision is made m a subsequent
section for their pay when retired. Now, i am
opposed to any plan introduced at this time for the
reform and reorganization of the Navy of the
United States. If you are to reform it, let a plan
be brought before us in a separate bill, when we
can have time to examineit with deliberation, and
not attach it to the naval appropriation bill, sent
in to us, as the Senate have done now, when the
sands of the session are just about running out.
The amendment proposes a reduction in the
number of commanders, it proposes a reduction
of the number of captains. It proposes various
changes, which are very important, and should
not be hastily made. I hope, therefore, that the
committee will not concur in the-amendment of
the Senate.
_ Mr. SKELTON. I will not occupy the atten-
tion of the committee for more than two or three
minutes.
Mr. WALSH. I hope the gentleman will not,
for if this debate lasts much longer, two thirds of
the House will be asleep. [Laughter.]
Mr. SKELTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, and only
desire to say in reply to my colleague upon the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that I am as anxious
as he is to effect a reorganization of the Navy of .
the United States. I am as anxious as the chair-
man of our committee, or any other member of it,
to get rid of all the lumber that now disgraces and
encumbers the service. But, sir, I am not in
favor of concurring with the Senate in the plan
which they have embraced m this bill, I will only
say in conclusion, that I hope the whole subject
will be postponed ufitil the next session, and then
I will most heartily cooperate with the chairman
of the Naval Committee in getting this matter be-
fore the House, and in accomplishing a thorough
reorganization of the Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CUMMINGr. I move to increase the
number of commanders to eighty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair gives notice
that he will confine gentlemen in their remarks
strictly to an explanation of their amendments.
Mr. GUMMING. I think that at this time of
the world, what we have heard to-night in refer-
ence to Navy is just about as uncalled forand
as unwarranted and unexpected an accusation
brought against the Navy of the United States as
anything could have been. Sir, I consider the
American Navy the 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
confine himself to the explanation of his amend-
ment.
Mr. GUMMING. Sir, I will do so. I was
proceeding to say that I considered this a very
improper time to come forward and accuse the
personnel of the Navy of being lumber.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to say that I am the
last man upon this floor to make charges against
the Navy; but I think the present organization
is a very bad one.
Mr. GUMMING. I sat and listened, when I
first came into this Hall, to the highest eulogiums
of a gallant naval officer for what he had recently
done to sustain the dignity of his country. He
was lauded, and justly so. Now, if a change is
desired in the present condition of the officers, let
there be an increase; do not decrease their num-
ber. But, for God's sake, after all we have heard
of the glory of the Navy,and the gallant and com-
mendable conduct of Commander Ingraham, do
not talk of the Navy as though it were some old
lumber or trash, stored in a garret, and to be
tossed out on the first opportunity. I now with-
draw my amendment.
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Jlnrf be i* further enacted, That the grounds and appurte-
, nances thereunto belonging, known as the Memphis navy-
I vard. in Shelby county, Tennessee* be, and the same is
1 hfr; by, ceded to the mayor and aldeimen oi the city of
| Memphis, for the use and benefit of said city; and that the
' Secretary of the Navy ordei the commandant of said navy-
1 yard, at Memphis, to surrender to the mayor of Memphis
I said property: Provided, That the accounting otficers of
i the Treasury, in settling the account of the late navy agent
! at M>mphis, shall not deduct the sum of $2,964 59 already
! received by inni and passed to his credit on the books of the
! Ttpasury Department, from his salary as acting purser,
I provided for by an act making appiopriations for the naval
; service of the country for the year ending the 30th of June,
j J £53.
I Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to add
! the word "machinery " after the word (< appurte-
i nances," to say a few words on the amendment,
j Mr. Chairman, it is known that theGovernmenthas,
1 at that establishment, a large amount of valuable
! machinery for the purpose of spinning rope. It is
! perfectly useless tnere unless the spinning of rope
I for the Navy is continued. Now, sir, since it hag
