562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
withdrawn that they may be referred to the De-
partment. I was not aware of that fact when I
made the application before, and I hope there will
now be no objection to the withdrawal.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] withdraw his objection
to the withdrawal ot the papers for the purpose of
reference to the Department?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 did not understand that
was the purpose for which the gentleman asked
the withdrawal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York states that he was not aware of the fact when
first he made the application. He has since in-
quired of the claimant, and learns that such is the
fact.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. 1 renew the objection, and
suggest that copies be taken instead of the origin-
als. Recent examples, 1 think, justify me in the
objection.
Mr. WAL8RIDGE. The course suggested is
equally agreeable to the claimant, I suppose.
The order was made accordingly.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing on the
Speaker's table in reference to the territories.
Mr. RICHARDSON". The Committee on Ter-
ritories have sundiy bills to report. They have
not had em opportunity to report them heretofore.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman can makehm
reports now. The gentleman from Indiana, how-
ever, rises to a question of privilege.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I am requested on
the part of my colleague, [Mr. Mace,] who was
confined to his room yesterday by ill health, to
express his exceeding regret that he was not able
to be here to place his name on the Journal m
favor of the homestead bill.
iVIr. FLORENCE. I rise to a personal ex-
planation. Jt appears that the papers whnh the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wai,bridge] de-
sires to withdraw from the files of the House are
to be used at the Pension Department. I modify
my previous suggestion so that the papers may he
permitted to be withdrawn provided copies of the
originals be left on the files of the House, as I un-
derstand that the Pension Oliice will not act upon
copies hut require originals.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection be made,
the order will be that the oiiginals may be taken
away, if copies are left on tile.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
territorial bills reported.
Mr. PHILLIPS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported back abill, to be entitled "An act
for the construction of certain roads m the Terri-
tory of New Mexico," with the recommendation
that it do pass; which was rend a first and second
time by us title, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr HENN. I have a bill creating additional
land offices m the Territory of Minnesota, which
I wish to report from the Committee on Pubhc
Lands, as a substitute for the hill referred to them,
with a view that n may be acted upon during the
three days set apart for the consideration of terri-
torial business.
The bill was reported back with an amendment,
read a first and second time by its title, as follows,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union:
A in!] to establish additional land districts in
the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill to aid the Territory of Minnesota m con-
structing a railroad for military, postal, and other
purposes.
It was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FARLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back House bill No. 3G4, making
further appropriations for continuing the construc-
tion of roads* in the Territory of Minnesota, in
accordance with estimates rnaih by the War De-
partment, without amendment,and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The hid was referred to the Committee of the
Whole op the state of the Union.
POSTPONEMENT OF THE GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB. This being the day set apart for
the consideration.of territorial business, I desire
not to interpose any obstacle in the way of such
consideration. Rut a special order necessarily
comes up so soon as the House resolves itself into
Committee of the Whole, m reference to a matter
which I allude^ to yesterday—the graduation bill.
I would prefer this matter being considered now;
but, for the sake of furthering the territorial busi-
ness, and the other business which ought to be
considered by the House, I now propose to post-
pone the further consideration of that special or-
der for three weeks from this day, in order to give
the House an opportunity of looking into the
matter deliberately, and of getting territorial busi-
ness out of the way. I trust there will be no ob-
jection to the adoption of this course.
A Member. It is better to postpone it for four
weeks.
Mr. COBB. It is suggested that we put off the
special order to which I allude for four weeks.
Let us say, therefoie, four weeks from this day.
A Mlmber. What is the order in question?
The SPEAKER. It is the consideration of the
bill proposing to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands. It is a special order, and would
take precedence of territorial business. In order
to get out of the way the tenitorial business fixed
for this and the two succeeding days, the gentle-
man from Alabama proposes that the considera-
tion of this bill be postponed for four weeks from
this day.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House now, that a substitute, which
I intend to oiler for that bill, may be printed, in
order that the House may have it before them, and
investigate the healings of it minutely. I trust
there wiil be no objection to this, and the House
will allow my substitute to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Mr. ^Speaker,
I now make a precisely similar proposition. I
have a substitute for this graduation bill, and I
ask the same order—that it be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
indian agents.
Mr. ORR. I ask leave to report a bill from the
Committee on Indian Affairs I desire to have it
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in order that it may be con-
sidered as territorial business. It is "A bill author-
izing the appointment of an additional number of
Indian agents."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of theUnion, and ordered to be printed.
indian titlv s to mineral lands.
Mr. ORR. The Committee on Indian Affairs,
to whom was referred the resolution directing them
to inquire into the expediency of extinguishing
Indian titles to mineral lands lying; east of the
Mississippi river, and west of Lake Superior,
have instructed me to report a bill.
The bill was read a fiist and second time by its
title, as follows:
A bill to provide for the extinguishment of the
titles of the Chippewa Indians in the lands owned
and claimed by them in the Temtory of Minne-
sota, and in the State of Wisconsin, and for their ,
domestication and civilization. 1
Mr. ORR. ( move its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
that ;f be prmteii.
it was so oidered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let it go with the ter-
ritorial business. That will answer.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Soutn Carolina withdraw his proposition to print ;
the latter bill :
Mr. ORR. The latter bill had better heprinted.
It is a bill of some importance, and if we cannot 1
have it printed m time to consider it, the commit-
tee will have to consider it at some future time.
Mr. SPEVENS, of Michigan I gave notice,
some time since that I should, upon leave, intro-
duced bill to regulate the proceedings and process
of the United States courts. I now ask leave to
introduce the bill, and that it may be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LETCHER. That does not belong to ter- ,
ritoriai imsiAess. ;
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection the
bill will be received.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
territorial business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Some members of the
Committee on Teriitories are absent who have
jeports to make; they can make those reports to-
morrow, and I movethat this House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on territorial
business.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whoieon the state of the Union,
(Mr Phelps in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special older, being business
in inference to the organized Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. TheCIeik will report the
fiist bill.
The first bill for consideration was read by ita
title, as follows:
A bill for the construction of roads in the Ter-
ritory of N"ew Mexico.
It provides for the appropriation of $20,000 for
the construction of a road from Taos to Santa Fe;
and §12,000 for the construction of a rdad from
Santa Fe to Dona Ana.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is open toamend-
.mentor discussion. If no amendment is proposed
the bill will be laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Mr. RICHARDSON". The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Phillivs] who reported this bill
this morning is not now m his seat. I will state
to the House that it appropriates $32,000 for the
construction of two roads—one from Taos to
Santa Fe, and the other from the latter place to
Dona Ana. To the first it appropriates £20,000,
and to the latter #12,000. The bill is recom-
mended by the officers who have been in com-
mand of the military forces m that country, and
by the Secretary of War.
TheCHAIRMAN. If there isno amendment,
the bili wi'l be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] the chairman of
the Committee on Territories, if it is within his
own personal knowledge that the Secretary of
War has recommended the construction of this
road from Taos to Santa Fe.? I recollect that this
subject was before the Committee on Roads and
Canals, of which f was a member, at the last Con-
gress; and my impression is, that upon the sub-
ject being referred to the then Secretary of War
that he thought the road was altogether unneces-
sary for military purposes, and that his recom-
mendation was not to make an appropriation for
that purpose. I should be gratified, before the
question is taken, to have some information as to
the opinion of the present Secretary of War upon
this subject.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I would say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] that"the
gentleman from Alabama, [M«\ Phillips,] who
had the matter in charge, and who has all the cor-
respondence in relation to this subject, is not now
in his seat, but he will doubtless be here very soon.
I can only state to the gentleman from Virginia,
that 1 do not know whether the Secretary of War
recommended the road from Taos to Santa Fe or
not. There are recommendations in regard to it
from officers who have been in command m New
Mexico, and they come to us through the War
Department. Whether they come with the rec-
ommendation of the War Department based upon
them or not, J am not able to answer. The recom-
mendations &-uieiy come through the War Depart-
ment, and they recommend the appropriation
asked for here for the purpose of constructing
this road. Of course, the recommendation of the
Secretary of War, havmg no knowledge, I pre-
sume, in relation to the matter except what he
derives from others, would be of very little import-
ance, and the recommendations of others would
be of greater importance, and it was to their rec-
ommendations that the committee gave more con-
sideration than to anything else. I am maimed
to the opinion that the Secretary of War did not
recommend any more than was recommended by
his orncers.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
