1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 23,
to go on with the work the present season, some
such sum as this must be appropriated, beyond
the appropriation of $40,000 recommended in the
Senate amendment. Unless this be done, the
work must be discontinued, and the explorations
for the whole year be lost.
The amount asked for is small in comparison
with the magnitude of the result which it is pro-
posed to accomplish, and I hope the amount of
$50,000 will be appropriated. 1 state again, that
the explorations of Governor Stevens are incom-
plete, and he cannot prosecute the work during
the present session unless this appropriation be
made. It is a matter of very great importance
that there should be an exploration of Noble's
Pass, which is the only practical pass through
the Sierra. If it is not designed by the Govern-
ment to abandon this magnificent enterprise, it is
exceedingly important that this appropriation
should be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope, sir, that
the amendment of the gentleman from California
will not be adopted, nor the amendment of the
Senate concurred in. For one, I cannot vote for
either, nor can I see how any old-fashioned,
straight-faced Democrat can vote for either of the
proposed appropriations. Sir, the doctrine held
at one time, and still held by me, is, that this
Government has no power, under the Constitu-
tion, to commence or carry on works of internal
improvement. By making this appropriation pro*
viaing for these surveys, you concede, in my
opinion, the whole power to the Government.
Ir you have authority under the Constitution to
make appropriations from the Treasury for sur-
vey's, preparatory to the construction of a road, I
cannot conceive how you can deny the power of
the Government to go on and complete the work.
Sir, by making any appropriations at all for this
purpose, you proceed directly in the face of the
doctrine laid down by the Democratic party; and
I hope the members of that party in this House
will put themselves right upon the record, by re-
jecting the amendment of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, and also that of the Senate.
But, sir, it is not my purpose—I have not the
time, if I had the disposition—to go into an ex-
amination of this question. I suppose it will
come up, and be discussed fully when we come to
consider the bill which is the special order in this
committee to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment, and move that the appropriation be increased
$5,000. I wish to state, that it is not necessary for
me to affirm, in presenting this amendment, the
power of the Federal Government to make this
class ofimprovements. That power is notinvolved.
I do not think it necessary to affirm that doctrine
now; nor do I think that it will be necessary to
affirm it any time this session of Congress. This
provision is simply for an exploration of our own
territory, to ascertain its resources, its capabilities.
The territory is a vast one, and lies between the
Rocky Mountains and the Pacific ocean. It is
our own property, our own possessions. Does
the gentleman deny that we have the pftwer to
inquire into the capabilities and resources of all
portions of the Confederacy, particularly of the
Territories, our own property, which it is our
business to make available and valuable? I have
risen to state that the question of the power of
the Government to make internal improvements
is not involved here. All these explorations are
valuable; valuable not. merely for railroad pur-
poses, but for the purpose of enabling us to under-
stand the capabilities and resources of our vast
Republic. Very important it is to favor all these
explorations. They ought to be multiplied.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment v/as lost.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was non-concurred in.
The Clerk reported the twenty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For continuing the works for bringing water into the
city of Washington, $500,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a non-con-
currence in this amendment of the Senate. It
proposes an appropriation of $500,000 towards
the introduction of water into this city. Already
$100,000 have been appropriated for that purpose,
and I believe that nearly the whole of that sum
has been expended. On the plan under which
that $100,000 was expended, the estimates of the
officer show that the aqueduct will cost $2,300,000.
It must be borne in mind that this is the estimate
of the officej in charge of the work, in all pub-
lic works which have been constructed within my
experience, we have always found that the real
cost far exceeded the estimates submitted by the
officers who had them in charge at the time of
commencement.
Another plan has been proposed for bringing
water into this city by a gentleman of the name
of Salamon. 1 thmk that his plan woald involve
an expenditure of about-^1,000,000. It is shown
by his plans and estimates—and they are both in-
dorsed by respectable gentlemen—that under his
plan the city could be amply supplied with water,
even should its growth exceed what is anticipated
by its friends. For this reason the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate.
It is proper that I should remark that the esti-
mates concerning public buildings and public
grounds of the city of Washington belong more
appropriately to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds; but being placed in the defi-
ciency bill by the Senate, it became the duty of
the Committee of Ways and Means to examine
and report on them.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have a remark or two
to make in connection with this proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman be
kind enough to offer an amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am going to oppose the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and speak in favor of the appropriation.
Mr. PHELPS. In older to enable the gentle-
man from Maryland to speak in order, I will move
an amendment 'pro forma. I move to strike out
" $500,000.M
Mr. HAMILTON. This whole subject, to-
gether with all the estimates, was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia—of which
I am a member—during the early part of the
winter. This appropriation was recommended by
the Secretary of War, and reasons were given
why it should be voted by Congress.
It will be recollected by the House, that at the
first session of the last Congress an appropriation
of $5,000 was made for the purpose of securing to
this cuv a supply of water from the Potomac
river. That money was expended, and the sur-
veys made by Captain Meigs were reported to
this House, and afterwards, at the last session of
Congress, §100,000 was appropriated, to be ex-
pended upon the execution of whatever plan might
be adopted by the President of the United States.
Three plans were proposed by Captain Meijjs,
either one of which could have been adopted: one
to bring the water from the Little Falls; one to
bring it from Rock Creek; and the other to bring
it from the'Greut Falls. The President of the
United States adopted the plan proposing to bring
the water from the Great Falls. The act appro-
priating the $100,000 made it obligatory upon him
to select the plan, and the money was to be ex-
pended on the plan adopted by him. That has
been done. The money has been expended; the
work has been commenced; lands in Maryland
have been condemned; contracts—embryo con-
tracts, at least—have been entered into to furnish
the bricks, and everything connected with the
work. If this House is determined that the work
shall be continued, that it shall not be abandoned,
1 conceive that this is the proper time to make the
appropriation. This is the estimate of the War
Department; and the House is urged to adopt it
upon the ground that now is the proper time if it
is to be appropriated at all; that the sickly season
will soon commence; that the $100,000 has al-
ready been expended; that the work must other-
wise remain in its present condition until the com-
mencement of next year, and in that event, it
will end in a loss to the Government of the money
which has been already expended.
Sir, I hold to the opinion that this work will go
on, now that it has been commenced. I origin-
ally opposed this project strongly and sternly in
this House. But it has sufficient foundation to be
irresistible, and the question now is, whether this
appropriation should be made so as to avoid such
a loss to the Government?
Sir, if the appropriation is to be made at all, it
ought to be made now, and in this bill. I have
reported a bill for this very purpose, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, but it i#
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and there is no probability that it will be
reached till near the close of the sess*onr if at all?
and this is as good a place for the appropriation
as any other.
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the-
committee, I will now withdraw my amendment;
and I hope we shall have a vote at once upon the
Senate amendment. I suppose members have
made up their minds upon it.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question- recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. Another yote can be taken?
upon it in the .House. Let the amendment,
therefore, be rejected, and the question will com®
in the House upon concurring with such action.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would ask the Chairman
what the state of the question is ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
concurring with the amendment presented to the
committee by the Senate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The amend-
ment of the Senate provides for supplying this
city; and all of us who wish water will vote to
concur in that amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire to ask a question-.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentfiematt
from X^entucky allow me to ask a question of the
gentleman from Missouri, over the way, in re-
gard to this matter?
[Cries of ** Order!-" " Order J"}
Mr. SMITH. Is it not in order to ask ques-
tions ? I wish to inquire whether the appropriation
which lias been made was not subject to the plan
of the President; and whether the plan now being
presented is not one which he has advised?
Mr. PHELPS. My information is, that it is
the plan which was adopted by the President; but
that does not preclude the Congress of the United
States from adopting any other plan.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment:
Provided* however, Thai no part of said sum shall be-
expended, except upon condition that, after advertisement
for sixty days, a contract can be made with responsible
parties, who will eive bond and security for the faithful
and complete execution of the woik, for a sum not to ex-
ceed liie amount of the engineer'?* original estimate®.
I do not believe that this project is understood
by the House. If I believed the members were
in possession of proper information, to enable
them to judge wisely of the consequences of this
appropriation, I would not detain the committee-
by a single remark. The work for supplying
the citizens of Washington and Georgetown with
water, as proposed to be carried out under this-
appropriation, is of too vast a magnitude not:
to merit some consideration. I am not opposed
to any economical and feasible plan for procuring
water; but I am opposed to this, because I believe
most sincerely that, to complete it, will require'
not leas than §5,000,000.
The appropriation of $100,000, made by Con-
gress at the last session, was rejected by this
House when first proposed. When it came from
the Senate as an amendment to the appropriation
bill, it was again rejected, and only passed upon
the recommendation of a committee ot conference,
to save the bill to which it was attached. No
single member in either House who voted for i&
ever dreamed that it was but the beginning of an
expenditure which was to be calculated by mil-
lions. No, sir, if it had been so supposed, I
venture to say the appropriation would never
have succeeded.
It is true, as the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Hamilton] says, there have been three
plans suggested for supplying the cities with water
—one from the Great Falls, another from the
Little Falls, and the other from Rock Creek. The
plan from the Grea* Falls proposes to erect upon
the crest of the falls a dam eight feet high, from
which water is to be Conveyed to this point through
a brick conduit of nine feet in diameter, and about
sixteen miles long. No human power can place
a dam at that point of sufficient strength to resist
the freshets, which sometimes swell the river from
thirty to fifty feet above-the ordinary level of the
