1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a bill, entitled "An act to organize the Ter-
ritoiies of Nebraska and Kansas," and asking .
the concurrence of the House therein.] j
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 should be gratified to !
have the views of the War Department upon this
subject, because I havea very diStinctrecollection,
when this subject was before the Committee on
Roads and Conals at the last session of Congress,
that it was referred to me, and that I opened a
correspondence with the War Department upon
the subject. My conclusion from the correspon-
dence, and from the papers laid before me, em-
bracing all the information within the reach of that
Department, was, that the road was wholly un-
necessary for military purposes, and an appro-
priation for its construction would bean improper
expenditure if made.
These are my impressions, and being such, I
would be gratified to have more accurate informa-
tion as to the necessity and propriety of the con-
struction of this road before the question is taken.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I am very anxious that
the gentleman from Virginia should have all the
information he desires. 1 do not, however, wish
that the bill should he over.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Let it be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Phillips] who reported the bill,
has correspondence in his possession in relation to
this matter. I supposed he was in the House
when the bill was called up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This was a bill
reported this morning. Are there no bills which
have heretofore heen reported?
Mr. RICHARDSON. None at all.
Mr. JONES. It seems to me, then, that we
are in a very bad condition to act upon these ter-
ritorial bills, as none of them are printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would suggest that
the bill be laid over informally until the gentleman
from Alabama comes in.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
the bill will be accordingly laid over. The next
bill in order is a bill to establish additional land
districts in the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. JONES. It seems to me that we are in a
very bad condition for legislating upon these bills.
None of them are printed, and I think, if the
chairman of the committee would agree to it, that
we had better postpone this special order until
next Tuesday. Let the bills be printed, and then
let the committee make their reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Tennessee make objection to these
bills?
Mr. JONES. I am not making objection to
any of them. I think that we rould act more in-
telligently upon these bills if we had them printed.
Air. RICHARDSON. In reply to the sentie-
man from Tennessee, I have this to say, th^t since
I have been a member of the Committee on Ter-
ritories it has been the uniform practice to report
bills on the day set apart for territorial business,
and on going into the Committee of the Whole
to consider them upon those days. What f pro-
pose to the gentleman from Tennessee is this:
That if he has any opposition to make to our
bills, to make it to the bills themselves. Let us
have a fair, square, and manly fight; no indneet
fight. And if these bills will not stand upon their
own merits, let them go down.
Mr. JONES. All that I desire is an opportu-
nity to understand them. I am not now propos-
• isig to pass them over, and if it is proper to go
on with them I have no objection to do so. I
would ask the gentleman from Illinois if any of
the members of the House who have not been
cpon the committee can understand these bills by
merely hearing them read through at the Clerk's
desk ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair felt disposed to
indulge this debate, but it is not m order until the
bills are read, unless some motion is made that
the committee rise.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. As the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] is now in his sent, I
trust that the committee will take up the bill winch
was laid by a few minutes since.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I drsire to inquire
whether it would be in order to postpone the con-
sideration of all the bills relating to Oregon to some
future day; say to this day two weeks?
Mr. RICH A RDSON. 1 will state to the Dele-
gate from Oregon, as I have stated to the House,
that thereare bills reiatingtosome of the Territories
that require immediate action. I desire that this
time shall be set apart for the consideration of
those bills. I intend to ask for a week or two
weeks m the month of May for the consideration
of such territorial measures as are not now ready,
and I trust that as other gentlemen from the Ter-
ritories want their bills passed, he will throw no
obstacles in their way. He will have a fair op-
portunity to present all his bills hereafter.
Mr. LANE. I have not the slightest desire to
interfere with the business of any Territory. I
desire to see the business of all the Territories
taken up, considered, and acted upon. But I hope
that the Oregon business will be postponed for
four weeks.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion of that kind
cannot be entertained by the committee. It rests
with the House entirely to postpone this business.
If there be no objection the consideration of the
bill laid aside informally a few minutes since will
be resumed, as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Phillips] is now tn his seat.
No objection being made, the committee re-
sumed the consideration of a bill to aid the con-
struction of certain roads in the Territory of New
Mexico.
The bill was again read through.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I reported that bill by the
instruction of the Committee on Territories. Ap-
plication was made for these appropriations by the
Delegate from New Mexico. The Committee on
Territories resorted to the source of information
which they thought most appropriate, to wit: to
the War Department; and it was in accordance
with the information which we received from the
War Department that the committee determined
on reporting the bill which is now under consid-
eration.
The first section of the bill appropriates $50,000
for the construction of a road from Taos to Santa
Fe, and the second section appropriates $12,000
for the continuation of that road southward from
Santa Fe to Dona Alia.
In reference to the propriety of making these
appropriations, we received from the War De-
partment, in teply to an application made there,
the following le.uer from Colonel Sumner, who
has been in command in that country* and who
is probably as competent to give information upon
this subject as any officer in the country. His
letter is as follows:
Washington, T). C., February 1854.
I have rcoeived your letter dated \esterday, 1,1 reference
to appropnauons a-lted for New M'-xioo
I think the load between Simla Fe and Taos should tie
repaired, or ralhet made. tor there never has been tt prneli
cable wagon road between those two town-, and it i- very
important that theie -hould be one toi military ptirpos.es, as
well as tor the "nod ot the country.
I do not tilitik the §20,0011 n^ked for is too much; but it is
enoturh, if propeih expended.
I have some dniiht about the pioprietv of the appropria
tion of $1-2,000 tor the road from ^aii'a Fe to Dona Ana,
unless the de-i'jn is to use tin* money in cU,kiu« wells and
building cabins on the " Jornauo del Miiem).'' It the mo-
nev is to be used m this way, it would he well applied and
ofVre.it verviee lo the public. The, road i~ generally level,
and very pond, with the exception of parts of it that are
sandy, and I do not think the business of the country would
justify the expci^e of overcoming this difficulty, either by
plank roads or oiheiwi&e.
Tt would seem that between Santa Fe and Dona
Ana Ihe road passes through a desert called "Jor-
nado del Muei to," which is entirely without water;
which makes it almost impracticable to pass over
it.
The second section of the hill which appropri-
ates the $12.(1(10, provides that any portion of that
sum may he used for the purpose of sinking these
wells in order to make that route practicable and
passable. And the recommendation of Colonel
Sumner, in reference to that matter, is, that al-
though he would not expend the ^12,000 in en-
deavoring to overcome the sandmess of the road,
yet the 512,000 should be appioprii'ted for the
' sinking of these wells, a work of the highest nn-
; portance.
j Now, sir, the committee, it seems to me, are
entirely supported by the very best and highest
]' authority of the country. They have recom-
! mended forJsew Mexico in all ^>32,000for making
these roads. In casting my eye over the past
1 legislation of the country, to know how far we
ii would be justified in making this amount of appro-
priation, I find that the following appropriations
were made for the purpose of making territorial
roads:
For Florida July 7, 1838 $37,300,
For Wisconsin. July 7, 1838.. $40,000
Mar. 3,1845.. 10,000
For Iowa Mar. 3, 1839.. .#27,500
" 3, 1845... 25,000
For Minnesota, July 18, 1850.
For Oregon... .Jan. 7, 1853.
50,000
52,500
.35,000
.40,000
The amount therefore asked in this bill for
New Mexican territorial roads is less than any
amount heretofore appropriated by Congress for
similar purposes to the other Territories. Itseema
to me, therefore, Mr. Chairman, whether we re-
gard the amount involved in the bill, or the pro-
priety of appropriations, it should receive the
favorable consideration and action of this body.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to inquire whether
there has been any survey,.or any estimate ofthe
cost ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. There was no necessity for
surveying. They are the roads of the country now
used; and the estimates are to be found in the let-
ter read from Colonel Sumner, who was there ill
command, traveled the roads, and is, of course,
competent to give information as to the amount
necessary for the purpose. He says that $20,000
is the proper amount for the first purpose, to wit,
the roads from Taos to Santa Fe; and $12,000 is
the proper amount for making a road from Santa
Fe to Dona Afia.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman has had ex-
perience enough in legislation to know that when
| appropriations are asked for, even with estimates
to back them, that the appropriations, although
the whole amount given may be equal to the esti-
mates, very rarelv are sufficient to make the road
complete. And I understand that the estimates
formed here are formed by a gentleman who rode
over the road, who never put an instrument upon
it, who does not even describe the character of the
ground over which this road is to be made, who
does not furnish one single fact of information to
this body as to the feasibility of the plan, or as to
the cost of the road when it is undertaken. Now,
sir, it seems to me that we ought to have some-
thing to go by here; that we ought to have an esti-
mate, or a survey, or something of the kind, that
would give us some information about it.
And then I take it, besides, that if this road is
really so important as it is represented to be, the
Secretary of War would have some information
on the subject, which he would have laid before
the House as a guide for legislation.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It really seems to me that
my friend from Virginia is requiring too much
under the circumstances. This is not a railroad.
Why is it that he wants instrumental surveys of
a wagon road, in order to form an estimate of the
cost of repairing it ? I never heard that a road
running through a county, or two counties, or
three counties, used by wagons, would have to be
: surveyed mstrumentaily before the cost of repair-
1 lng it was ascertained.
j Mr LETCHER. I imagine when Congress
' is asked to appropiiate money to build a roa4 ^
| ousht io have something to base that appropriation
! upon, just exactly as a State Legislature, to author-
, ize the construction of a road either through one
! county, two counties, or three counties, should
have a survey to ascertain the cost, or something
near it.
1 Mr. PHILLIPS. I agree fully with the gen-
tleman (Mr. Letcher] in the position he takes,
that we ought to have something to base our ac-
tion upon. But the question I asked of the gen-
tleman was, whether it was necessary to have an
instrumental survey of the wagon road made
before we could form an estimate? We have the
estitrmie. Why has not the Secretary of War
'< furnished information > This is the very inform-
: at ion which the Secretary of War has furnished
I in answer to the application of this committee.
: The response of that officer covered the inform-
! ation communicated to that Department by a gen-
! tleman who for months was located there, as an offi-
j cer of high character and of the completes), intel-
ligence in reference to this matter. Why,sir,was
i it necessary forthe man who merely traveled over
I the road with his wagons, with his military tents
