1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
w
line of the Territory of Minnesota to the northern
terminus of the Central Illinois railroad ?
Mr.,RICHARDSON. Seventy miles, as I am
informed.
Mr. EASTMAN. It is a degree of latitude
.precisely.
Mr. W"ADE. Then the whole length will be
two hundred and seventy miles. The bill gives
the privilege of extending from the south line of
the Territory of Minnesota to the northern termi-
nus of the Illinois Central railroad.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This bill makes a do-
nation inside of the Territory of Minnesota. The
other gives merely the direction in which the road
is to run.
Mr. WADE. Another thing: How far is the
commencement of this railroad at the mouth of
the Left Hand river to the Mississippi river?
Mr. RICHARDSON. About pne hundred and
twenty miles. It may be, however, that the dis-
tance is a few miles more or less.
Mr. PULLER. I wish to propound one or
more inquiries to the chairman of the Committee
on Territories. I confess that this subject has
been sprung suddenly upon me. I desire to in-
quire of him whether the Territory of Minnesota
has incorporated any railroad company for the
purpose of building this road ? and 1 desire, in that
connection, to make another interrogatory; wheth-
er by the organic law forming that Territory, that
territorial government has the right to charter any
company whatever, either for banking purposes,
or for railroad purposes, for any indefinite length
of time?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will answer the gen-
tleman's question, and then I want to ask him
one. If I am to be cross-examined by him, I
want to cross-examine him in my turn. I think
that is fair. Now, to answer his question—" If
there be any incorporation," 1 have to say that I
do not know it. I assume there is none, other-
wise the gentleman would know it; and I therefore
take upon me to state there is none.
Now I want to ask the gentleman a question.
Who told him that there was any incorporation in
the Territory ?
Mr. FULLER. I have not asserted anything,
Mr. Chairman; I simply asked the chairman of the
Committee on Territories for information on this
subject. I know this, however: that at a certain
time the Territory of Florida undertook to incor-
porate a bank; and I know, if my law reading is
correct, that that territorial law was pronounced
unconstitutional. I do not know, nor have I ex-
amined, the organic law creating the Territory of
Minnesota; nor do I know what power it has
got. I am not informed on this subject. But it
strikes me that we are assuming here in this dona-
tion of the public domain that that Territory has
all the power necessarily incident to a State to
carry out these works of internal improvement,
when it shall have, two years hence, shuffled off
that peculiar condition of infancy in which it now
is. If it now assumes bonds, or enters into a con-
tract in this territorial state, what is to be the con-
dition of that contract after it gets into the position
of a State? It strikes me that it is a grave ques-
tion, which requires to be considered; and I sup-
pose the honorable gentleman, the chairman of the
Committee on Territories—being a lawyer, and
having given the subject deep and careful investi-
gation, not only as to the policy of granting lands
generally, but particularly as to these new-born
interests of the Territory of Minnesota—is pre-
pared to answer it.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman from Maine
permit me to propound a question to him?
Mr. FULLER. Certainly.
Mr. BISSELL. I want to know if the gentle-
man from Maine denies to the Territory the power
to make roads ?
Mr. FULLER. There are various kinds of
roads.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to know whether the
gentleman denies to the Territory the power to
make a common turnpike road ?
Mr. FULLER. I do not. I am not prepared
to answer. I think, however, that the Territory
may to some extent make roads.
Mr. BISSELL. Then if a Territory has a
right to make turnpike roads, can it not also make
macadamized roads? And if it can make both
turnpike and macadamized roads, I would like to
know why it might not, on the same principle,
make railroads?
Mr. FULLER. I have great doubts as to
whether a Territory has authority to charter a
turnpike company.
Mr. HENN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine one question.
Mr. Fdjller yielded the floor.
Mr. HENN. I desire to know whether the gen-
tleman denies the right of the Territory to charter
a ferry ?
Mr. FULLER. Why, Mr. Chairman, to re-
spond to the gentleman from Iowa, as at present
advised, I regard the territorial government as I
do one of the New England town municipalities—
a quasi corpoiation, that has such powers as the
State confeis upon it, and nothing more. That is
my idea of a territorial government.
Mr. HENN. I asked the gentleman from
Maine whether the Legislature of the Territory has
a right to charter a ferry?
Mr. RICE. The act establishing the Territory
of Minnesota gives her the right to charter any
company that States have, excepting banks. But
there is a law of Congress which prohibits the
chartering ofany bank in any Territory. ,AU laws
passed by this Legislature of the Territory of
Minnesota, under the organic act, are to be bind-
ing, unless objected to by Congress. After the
passage of all new charters, they are to be sub-
mitted to the consideration of Congress.
Mr. FULLER. That suggests to my mind a
question, which 1 will put to the gentleman from
Minnesota, and that is, whether there has been
any legislation by that Territory upon the sub-
ject of these railroads, which has been returned
here for the supervision of Congress ?
Mr. RICE. The Territory of Minnesota has
chartered some three or four railroad companies.
Those charters, by the consent of Congress, have
become the law of the country. But there is no
charter which covers this grant. There is "one
charter extending from Lake Superior to the west-
ern line of the Territory; and another from St.
Paul to the southwestern part of the Territory.
The reason why the proviso is put into this bill—
that we might have the privilege of connecting
with the Illinois Central railroad—was to indicate
the direction which the road should take. The
bill was worded so as to guard against these very
charters.
We are three hundred miles from any settle-
ments south, and in the winter season we are shut
out from connection with the settled portions of
the States until the ice forms in the Mississippi
river.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to propound a
question to the gentleman from Minnesota. Who !
owns the land around the terminus of this road
on Lake Superior? I have heard, I may say to
the Delegate, that there is a large amount of land,
say six thousand acres, held by persons now
here, peihaps upon this floor, pressing the passage
of this bill.
Mr. RICE. I will answer the gentleman as
far as it is in my power. There is not a foot of
land upon Lake Superior that is now in market
near this point, or that has ever been advertised
for sale. There is some subject to preemption
rights. I have not been upon the ground for sev-
eral years, and I do not know that any gentleman
in this House has. If they own it they own it
contrary to law.
Mr. LANE. Has not one quarter of six thou-
sand acres of land around the terminus of this road
on Lake Superior been sold in this city ?
Mr. RICE. I am very happy to be able to
answer that question. There are not six thou-
sand acres in the Territory of Minnesota upon
Lake Superior subject to preemption. The sur-
veys were going on, but in consequence of some
difficulties with the Indians the surveyors have
abandoned the work. You will find, by reference
to the Land Office, that theie is nothing like that
quantity.
Mr. LANE. I have been informed that there
were gentlemen in this city who claim, through
Indian or some other title, six thousand acres at
the terminus of this road.
Mr. RICE. Other gentlemen in this city, pre-
tending to be heirs of Jonathan Carver, claim fif-
teen millions of acres. 1 do not know but there
are gentlemen upon this floor that have pre-
empted ail Minnesota. What I have stated here
you will find upon the records of the. Land Office.
I am willing to answer any question touching this
subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
honorable member from Indiana would state what
facts he has within his own knowledge in regard
to the matter which he suggests. I certainly do
not want this bill prejudiced by suggestions of th(s
kind unless they are founded upon, facts within
his knowledge.
Mr. LANE. In answer to the gentleman from
Illinois, 1 will state that I have.understood, from
gentlemen of respectability and character, that
there are six thousand acres of land in and around
the terminus of this road held by gentlemen in
this city, and that one fourth ofthese.sijt thousand
acres has been sold since the meeting of this Con-
gress.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. How many hold this
land?
Mr. LANE. I propounded to the Delegate from
Minnesota that question. I was anxious.to know
how they sold it, and when they sold it; and now,
with the permission of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, I will ask the Delegate from Minnesoia
another question: who sold or claims the land in
and around the terminus of this road on -Lake
Superior?
Mr. RICE. I am unable to answer the question
propounded by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Lane.] I can only say that t own none there;
that I claim none of it, and that I know of no gen-
tleman upon this floor that has claimed any. .1
say, that those lands are not in the market, and
that they have never been advertised. There are
only about two thousand acres which have been
surveyed. I went some time ago to the Land Of-
fice to see why a proclamation for selling land on
the line of the Mississippi river had not been is-
sued. An examination of the map showed me
that the survey of those lands was incomplete. If
there is any gentleman claiming these lands, I
should like the honorable gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Lane] to name him. Let us know if thfi-e
is anything in the dark here. If gentlemen in this
city, or any other city, claim six thousand acres in
Minnesota, is that any reason why the citizens of
that Territory should be deprived of their rights?
We are minors, helpless, and now is the time we
require aid.
Mr. LANE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I desire to state another
proposition. Being opposed entirely and in tola
to giving a single foot of land to any railroad
companies—believing that the principle is at war
with the homestead bill, which we passed yes-
terday—I am willing to take any honorable means
to defeat every bill of that character. I said here,
a little while ago, and I repeat it again, that I
have been credibly informed by respectable gentle-
men that six thousand acres of this land, at and
around the terminus of this road, were held by
gentlemen in this city.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my hon-
orable friend from Indiana permit me to ask him
how this land can be held, under the law, by those
persons ?
Mr. LANE. I am going on to state what I have
heard. I do not propose to give the names of
gentlemen in this House or in this city, but I will
say to my friend from Minnesota and to my friend
from Illinois, that if they will call upon me in a
proper way I will give them the names of persons
holding six thousand acres of this land. I tell
these gentlemen that that amount of land is held
by genilemen in this city, and that one fourth of
this claim has been sold, since the commencement
of this session, for $2,800.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think we should have
the names now. Let us know who they are.
Mr. LANE. I have said all I have to say upon
the subject. I am prepared, however, to respSnd
to the question whenever itispresented in aproper
manner.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the question most re-
spectfully now.
Several Members. Let us know who they are.
Mr. BISSELL. I believe I have the floor; but
I yield it to the gentleman from Indiana, if hepro-
poses to answer the question put to him by my
colleague.
Mr. LANE. I have said, and I say again, to
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, that I do not
propose upon this floor to give those names, but
