zrn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
ture to be made. The money is now remaining
under a previous act, in the Treasury of the United
States.
" The question was taken on agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference; and the report
was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notifying
the House that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the Army appropriation bilk]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 now ask thai a vote be
taken on the amendment to the ocean mail steamer
bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged motion. I wish to make a report from
the committee of conference on the river and har-
bor appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have also a report to make
from the committee of conference on the naval ap-
propriation bill. They have not been able to
agree.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well,at this late hour
of the session, and as 1 understand the gentleman
from Missouri to say that his committee of con-
ference have not agreed, I yield him the floor to
make his report.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee of conference
on the part of the House on the disagreeing votes on
the Navy appropriation bill, have instructed me to
report that they have met the conferees on the
part of the Senate, and that after full and free con-
ference they have been unable to agree on a re-
port.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman submit
a proposition to the House?
Mr. PHELPS. At this late hour it is almost
impossible for another committee of conference to
meet a committee of conference on the part of the
Senate, and agree upon a report, and have the bill
enrolled and signed before the hour of adjourn-
ment. I do not propose to indicate a harsh meas-
ure, but perhaps it may be necessary to nr.ake a
motion to adhere. I do not make the motion, but
I submit the matter to the House.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is there any very essential
matter of difference between the two committees?
Mr. PHELPS. We deem the difference essen-
tial, and we think theHouse will so consider it.
Mr. PECKHAM. Whatis,substantially, the
difference ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is in reference to the Navy
reform amendment engrafted by the Senate upon
the bill. That is the great question.
The SPEAKER. What disposition shall be
made of the disagreeing votes?
Mr, HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will take the course of asking for another
committee of conference. I dislike to legislate by
moving to adhere at this stage of the proceeding.
Let us first make another effort.
Mr. HAVEN, I would suggest to my friend
over the way that perhaps it would be better to
wait five or ten minutes, that our action may be
known a little elsewhere before we finally act upon
the subject.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr, WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
make a report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the bill making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the authority
of law,
The Senate recede from their second amend-
ment, which is, to insert the words " including
the amount expended prior to August 30, 1852,"
after the word " harbor," in the following clause:
For continuing the removal nf the roe'k'at Hell Gate
ana Diamond Reef, New York harbor, $-20,000.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the third, fourth, fifth, and seventh amendments
or the Senate, and concur therein.
The third amendment is to insert, after the clause
for continuing the reopening of a communica-
Hon between the Albemarle Sound, in North Car-
olina, and the Atlantic ocean, $50,000," the fol-
lowing:
f'r Pf ®5O'0s)0 appropriated bv the act
pf August-30,18-J2, uhicli sum is hereby reappropriated for
a breakwater, or such other works as the Secretary of War
may deem best adapted to accomplish that object.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement to that amendment.
The fourth amendment, from a disagreement to
which the committee recommend the House tore-
cede, is as follows;
Page twelve, after line five, insert as follows:
For the improvement of the Brazos river, in the State of
Texas, #44,000.
The fifth amendment, from a disagreement to
which the committee recommend the House to
recede, is, to insert the words " and Passaic river
below the town of Newark, and of Newark bay,"
in the clause making an appropriation for the
"harbor at Newark, so tlftt it shall read:
For continuing the improvement ot The harbor at Newark,
and Passaic river below the town of Newark and of New-
ark bay, New Jersey, ,$25,000.
The seventh amendment, from their disagree-
ment from which the committee recommend the
House to recede, is the following:
Strike out all after the word " bidders" in the following
section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it fuithor enacted, That, whenever the
Secielary of War shall invite proposals for any works, or
tor any material or labor for any works, there shall be sep-
arate proposals and separate contracts for each work, and
al*o foi each class of material or labor for each work ; and
he shall repoit to Congicss at its next session all the bids,
with the names of the bidders: And provided,Tnat all per-
sons entrusted with the disbursement of the funds appro-
priated for the works named in this act, shall be required
to give bond and ample security for the faithful application
of the same.
Next, the committee recommend that the House
recede from its disagreement to the first amend-,
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an
amendment.
The first amendment of the Senate was to in-
sert 4' $ 100,000," after the word " river" in the
following clause, and strike out all that follows:
For continuing the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids, in the Mississippi rivei, {$18,0{'0;
—so as to make the appropriation $100,000.
The amendment which the" committee recom-
mend, is to strike out " $100,000," and insert in
lieu thereof "$?(),000," so as to make it read
" $70,000," instead of*' $100,000."
The committee also recommend that the House
recede from its disagreement to the sixth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an
amendment.
The sixth amendment of the Senate is this:
For the surveys of the harbors of San Pedro, Santa
Barbara, Monterey, San Francisco, Humboldt, and Trin-
ity, in the State of California, and the rivers Sacramento,
San Joaquin, and Colorado ; and the harbor of Appalachi-
cola, Florida, $50,000.
For a survey for a breakwater at Grace's Point, Block
Island, $5,000.
The committee recommend that the House con-
cur therein aftqr striking out " fifty/' and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the word " forty;" thus saving
#10,000. And also striking off the last clause for
the breakwater; no State being mentioned, and
not an individual upon the committee knowing
where it was. [Laughter.]
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement to the eighth amend-
ment of the Senate with an amendment.
That amendment authorizes the Secretary of
War to contract for the purchase of a small island
near the mouth of Mobile harbor, and that he
shall report such contract for the approval of
Congress. The committee have reported in favor
of adding the words " or rejection*," so that the
contract shall be reported for the approval or re-
jection of Congress.
These are the recommendations made by the
committee of conference. We have cut down the
amounts reported by the Senate about $50,000;
and as 1 suppose the House has no time to spare,
I move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Illinois
will allow me to make one or two remarks.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I withdraw the de-
mand,
Mr. ORR. I desire to say, as one of the con-
ferees who subscribed to that report, that, taking
the general policy of the bill as a criterion, 1
thought the recommendations of the committee
were just, and that they should be adopted if the
bill were to pass. It is well known that I am
opposed to the bill itself. I believe the whole sys-
tem to be pernicious, but I have no idea the bill
will ever become a law.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois yield me the floor for a mo-
ment before he calls the previous question?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I yield to my col-
league upon the committee, certainly.
Mr. PERKINS. I desire to say that I have
found it impossible for me to agree to the report
made by my colleagues on the committee of con-
ference upon this bill. I fully concur, however,
in the recommendation that the House recede
from the provision requiring bond and security of
the military men who have charge of these im-
provements.
I also concur in the recommendation that this
House assent to the amendment of the Senate re-
quiring the Secretary of War to inquire and report
as to the purchase of—not an island, as the gen-
tleman has stated—but of what is known as
Grant's Pass, between Mobile and New Orleans.
Any contract for this purchase to be communicated
to Congress, and to be subject to its approval or
rejection. I desire also to say, with reference to
the island from its appropriation to which the
Senate has receded, that it is true, as the gentleman
from Illinois has stated, that no one of either the
Senate or House committee knew of the existence
of such a place. I now move 
Mr. WENTWORTH. I yielded the floor for
the gentleman to make an explanation—but not to
make a motion.
Mr. PERKINS. I had intended to make a
motion in reference to this bill; but if the gentle-
man declines to yield the floor for that purpose, I
will not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I understand there are
some other matters pending which require imme-
diate action; and I therefore move the previous
question upon the adoption of the report, in order
to dispose of it as soon as possible.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. That is precisely
what I wish to do*, and as the quickest way of
disposing of it, I move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. PERKINS. I only wish to say that the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia is the one
I proposed to have ma£e when I was upon the
floor; I am glad the gentleman has made it.
Mr. LETCHER. Did my colleague move to
lay the report upon the table?
Mr. BAYLY. I did, and that will carry the
bill with it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the gentleman
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I want to take up the bill to
carry out the reciprocity treaty, and if we get to
voting on this, we cannot take that important
measure up this session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit a motion that another
committee of conference be appointed on the Navy
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. A committee of conference
will be appointed, unless objection be made.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Bayly's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 68,
nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry,
Belcher, Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caskie, Cha«tain,
Chnsman, Clingman, Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, John M Elliott, Faulkner, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Goode,Grow, Andrew J. Hailan, Sampson W. Harris,
Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, Tngersoll, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb,
Letcher, Lilly, McMullin, McNair, McUueen, May, Mill-
son, Morrison, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Pratt, Reese, Rulfin, Shaw. Shower. Skelton,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smvth,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stration, Vail, Walbridge, Walker,
and Walsh—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Bell, Bennett, Ben-
son, Bliss, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chand-
ler, Churehwell, Claike, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker,
Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Diek, Dunbar, Eastman,
Eddy, Edgerton, Edmartds,Thomas D. Ehot, Ellison, Eng-
lish, Farley, Fenton. Flagler, Florence, Goodrich, Green,
Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Kerr, Knox, Lindsley, McCul-
loch, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maurice, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker. Peck, Peckham, Pennington,
Preston, Prmgle, Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, Russell,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Simmons, Gerrit
Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid IX♦ Stanton, Hc&tor
L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor,Thurston, Trout, (Jpham, Vansant, Wade, Walley,
Ellihu B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John
Wentworth, Tappan Wentwortb, Wheeler, Yates, and
ZoUicoifer—96.
