1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2135
So the House refused to lay the report upon the
table.
Pending the above vote, the following proceed-
ings took place:
Mr. CHANDLER. I was absent /when my
name was called, attending a committee of confer-
ence, and ask to have my vote recorded.
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. HUNT. Under the order of the House,
the gentleman was attending to his duties, and he
was constructively present. I move that he be
allowed to vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to vote.
Mr. CHANDLER then voted.
Mr. CRAIGE. I was absent when my name
was called, and, as others have been allowed to
vote who were also out of the Hall when they
were called,.! ask that I may have my vote re-
corded.
[Cries of" Object!"]
Mr. M AXW ELL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Ball, of Ohio.
Mr. AIKEN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Harrison, of Ohio.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body insisted on its
amendments to the Navy appropriation bill; and
asked for another committee of conference.]
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined, and found
correctly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
which received the signature of the Speaker:
A bill to change the name of the American-built
brig Glamorgan, to that of Wizard;
An act for the relief of J. C. Buckles, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky;
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1855;
An act for the relief of Patrick Gass;
An act for the relief of Thomas C. Green; and
An act for the relief of Jacob Baker, of San-
dusky city, Ohio.]
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question was ordered to be put; being
upon agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
 committee of conference was agreed to, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House insist
upon its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate to the naval appropriation bill, and that
another committee of conference be appointed. I
know that theSenate haveappointed another com-
mittee of conference.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed the fol-
lowing gentlemen as members of said committee:
Messrs. Phelps, Benson, and Rowe, to meet a
like committee on the part of the Senate.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire now to take up the
ocean mail steamer blii, disagree to the amend-
ment of theSenate, and let the bill be returned to
the Senate.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the reciprocity bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I say to the House frankly that my object in
movinga reconsideration of that vote is to get the
bill before the House, in order to put it upon its
passage. If the motion to reconsider is agreed
to, 1 shall call the previous question; and if the
House will sustain it, we cati pass the bill in two
minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and the
House, that the motion to reconsider be entered,
ajid that it be taken up so soon as this appropria-
tion bill is disposed of?
Assent was expressed.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's mo-
tion will be entered, and will be called up so soon
as this bill is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment has been
already read to the House, as I understand. I
move that it be non-concurred in.
Mr. PRINGLE. Is that the Collins mail
steamer bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is.
Mr. PRINGLE. Then I move that the'Sen-
ate amendment to the bill be agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the amendment
be laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I simply desire to inquire what
disposition the gentlemen on the other side pro-
pose to make of the bill? Let us know it over
here.
Mr. HOUSTON. My object is to get a vote
of disagreement from the House, and let it go to
the Senate.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope, then, that proposition
will be agreed to.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on re-
considering the vote by which the reciprocity bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and being put, it was disa-
I greed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I now move that the
bill be put upon its passage; and upon that motion
I call for the previous question.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his call for the previous
question.
Mr. BAYLY. If there were an hour more of
the session 1 would willingly do it.
The SPEAKER. There is no time to make
I speeches, and the Chair must interpose to prevent
(hat waste of time. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia declines to withdraw his call for the previous
question, he will say so.
Mr. BAYLY. I do decline to withdraw it. ;
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put—being upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have the
bill read. It has not been printed yet, and we are
anxious to hear its contents.
Mr. BAYLY. If gentlemen will listen to the
bill, they wil! find that it does nothing but carry
out the terms of the treaty.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The bill was read in extenso.
It authorizes the President of the United States, |
whenever he shall have sufficient evidence that the j
Imperial Parliament of Great Britain, and the
Provincial Parliaments of Canada, New Bruns-
wick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward's Island,
shall have passed laws to give full effect to the
provisions of the treaty between the United States
and Great Britain, signed 15th June, 1854, to issue
a proclamation declaring that he has such evidence,
and thereupon, from the date of his proclamation,
the articles enumerated in the treaty, being the
growth and produce of Canada, New Brunswick,
Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward's Island, shall
be introduced into the United States free of duty
so long as said treaty remains in force, subject,
however, to be suspended in relation to the trade
of Canada on the conditions mentioned in the
fourth article of said treaty, and all other con-
ditions of said treaty.
The second section of the bill provides that,
whenever the Province of New Foundland shall
give its consent to the terms of the said treaty,
and whenever the Legislature thereof, and the
Imperial Parliament of Great Britain, pass the
necessary laws for that purpose, the said enumer-
ated articles may be introduced, free of duty, into
the United Stales from said Province.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, I demand the
yeas and nays upon the engrossment of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PULLER. Will it be in order to move
to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. FULLER. Then I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. HAVEN. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
seven voting in favor thereof.
The question was then taken; and the bill was
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a privileged question.
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments of
the Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill,
have agreed in their recommendations in reference
to all the amendments of the Senate, save one, and
upon that they have been unable to agree. I wish
to state the circumstances, and the House can take
such action as it may see fit. They have agreed
to recommend that the House shall recede from
its disagreement to the amendment making an
appropriation of $10,000 for the mail service for
Key West, and the Senate recedes from all its
other amendments disagreed to by the House,
with the exception of that providing for paying
the clerks of the city post office of this city extra
compensation, The amendment would pay each
of the clerks in the city post office about $250
extra. It is in this form: one mill per pound is to
be paid to the postmaster of the city ppon all the
mail matter which goes out of the office, for the
purpose of paying the clerks that amount of extra
compensation.
The Senate committee unanimously insist upon
retaining that amendment. Two of the House
committee were opposed to the House receding
from its disagreement, and one in favor of receding.
The principle involved is this: The city post
office of Washington city is under precisely the
same organization as the post office in the city of
New York, Baltimore, or any other city in the
United States. We held that it would be very
proper to pass a bill placing it in the power of the
Postmaster General to pay the postmasters of the
distributing offices such a sum as would enable
them to pay their clerks a reasonable compensa-
tion for their services; but that, if we begin to
legislate for the clerks and employees in the dep-
uty post offices, there would be no end to the ap-
plications for extra compensation. Why, sir, I
have already had more than twenty letters from
the city of New York, praying that an amount
may be placed at the disposal of ths deputy post-
master there, to enable him to increase the pay of
his employees. It seemg to me that, by concur-
ring in this amendment, we are opening the door
to a class of legislation of which we shall not soon
see the end. I hope, therefore, the House will
not recede from its disagreement to this amend-
ment. It is true, that if they do not recede, the
appropriation bill may be lost. I have stated the
facts to the House, and I leave them to take their
own course. I have no motion to make.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will move that the House recede from
its disagreement.
Mr. OLDS. I have no motion to make.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House agree
to the report of the committee of conference, so
far as they have been able to agree.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair receive that
motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to inquire,
of the gentleman from Ohio if he has submitted a
i written report ?
| Mr. OLDS. No, sir. I have stated the facts.
| to the House as they occurred. I have no
! authority from the committee of conference ta
I make any motion.
