•1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfeE.
1 trust he will state his knowledge, and state it
here. Here is the place for publication. Let us
have every rumor and statement prejudicial to this
bill made here, on the floor of the fiouae of Rep-
resentatives, where they can be met. And if no
gentleman has any information, such as should
prejudice this bill before the House of Representa-
tives, I trust this committee is too independent to
have their minds swayed for a moment by an idle
rumor of the day, no matter by whom it may
Have been originated.
I think this a very important bill. It is one to
aid the infantTerritoryof Minnesotain construct-
ing a railroad for the benefit of its citizens. It is
of vast importance to the citizens of the whole
country that Lake Superior should be connected
by some means of communication with the Mis-
sissippi river.
The amount of land proposed hy this hill is
similar to that which we have granted by many
other acts of Congress. The State of Missouri,
which you, Mr. Chairman, in part so ably rep-
resent, had two grants of land for similar pur-
poses; and grants of lands for railroads have been
made to other sections of the Union. And shall
I be asked by this committee to withhold my vote
from a grant to Minnesota which would give to
that Territory five hundred thousand out of the
thirty millions of acrrs of public land which, as I
understood the gentleman [Mr. Rice] to say, lie
within her limits, and are owned by the United
States within her borders? i look upon it as a
great benefit to the United States to grant these al-
ternate sections of land for such a purpose How
will that benefit the United States? In my judg-
ment it will facilitate the settlement of that coun-
try—of that vast unsettled region—which is only
waiting the action of Congress upon this bill to
have its resources developed,and to induce an ex-
tensive and rapid settlement of the country, and
to promote its cultivation. That is the great ob-
ject which we should have in view in the dispo-
sition of all our public lands—to promote the set-
tlement of the lands, and to encourage the labor
of the country.
I have heard nothing against this bill, as yet,
that can induce me to withhold my vote from it
upon Us passage. If I should hear anything fur-
ther, either from the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Lane,] or from any one else, showing that
a great fraud was being practiced upon the Gov-
ernment, I should feel authorized to withhold my
vote. As yet I have heard nothing against the
bill, but everything which recommends it to my
favorable consideration.
Mr. HENN. 1 have just been informed, by a
gentleman from Minnesota, that there is no land
at the terminus of this road even surveyed. But
an order has gone out for the survey of a portion
of that country, but none of it is yet surveyed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa whether he has any knowledge of any
conflicting claim against the Government of the
United States in reference to these lands?
Mr. HENJNT. The first I ever heard of the
matter was this morning, when it was brought
forward by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Lane]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
as I have but just now come into the Hall, and as
I have lost the former part of the discussion, and
as I have never until this moment seen a copy
of this bill, I may not know, with the necessary
precision, what are the subject-matters of the dis-
cussion. But, with my present impressions, I am
opposed to the bill. 1 am opposed to this bill, not
because I am opposed to any existing railroad
company that may be interested in the bill, nor
because I doubt the worthiness of any company
that may be organized to build it. I have no
reason to apprehend that such a company would
be composed of any other than honorable men.
I have no reason to apprehend that such a com-
pany would not be moved to build the road by
as pure and as generous a regard for the public
welfare as ever prompted any, even the best rail-
road company. Nor am I opposed to this bill
because of the possible fact that a company of
gentlemen may be interested in a tract of land at
one of the termini of the proposed road. Nor am
1 opposed to this bill because the proposed road
may have the effect to concentrate trade and travel
at this point, or to direct tradeand travel from that
point.
I am opposed to this bill because it calls for
Government to do with the public lands what I
hold Government has no right to do with them
I hold that they do not belong to Government,
and that Government has nothing to do with
them but to regulate and protect the occupations
which shall be made upon them. I hold that
the lands belong to the landless; and that both
reason and religion, policy and principle, require
that they shall be surrendered to the landless.
But, as I had the opportunity, a week or two
since, to discuss this point somewhat extensively
on this floor, I will not consume the tune of the
committee wnh it any further, than to say, that
when I claim the public lands for the landless,
I mean not only the landless of a certain com-
plexion, but all the landless. Believing, as I do,
| that all the varieties of the human family are
I equally dear to the great heart of their common
1 maker, i trust that they will ever be equally dear
1 to my little heart. So do 1 aim to bear myself to-
ward all descriptions of my fellow-men—toward
all my equal brothers—for every man is my equal
brother—that, at the last day, i shall be able to
look into the faces of them all, unabashed by the
consciousness that I have pursued any of them
in this life with unrelenting prejudice and merci-
less hatred.
But to the argument. And, now, for the sake of
the argument, 1 will admit that the public lands are
property in the hands of theGovernment—as much
so as is money. Nevertheless, I still deny that
Government may use them in the way contem
plated by this bill. 1 insist that Government shall
use its property for none other than strictly gov-
ernmental purposes. It may use its property in
defraying the expenses of Government; it may
use it in affording protection to the persons and
property of its subjects; but there is nothing else
for which Government may use it.
In point of principle this bill is all the same, as
would be a bill for the Federal Government to
build with money, and nothing but money, the
whole of a railroad in Minnesota. The principle
cannot be affected by the fact that the road inthis
case is to be built with land instead of money;
nor by the fact that the appropriation of land
asked for is insufficient to pay the whole cost o
the road. If the Government may build with
land it may build with money. If it may fur-
nish one half or one fourth of the means neces-
sary to build the road, then it may furnish all.
Rut would not Congress be startled by the gfave
proposition for the Federal Government to build
the whole of a long railroad m Minnesota, and
that, too, with money? It should not be, however,
if it is reconciled to the passing of this bill.
What is the argument most relied on to influ-
ence Government to help build this road ? It is |
that the road will accelerate the settlement of j
Minnesota and the development of her resources; ;
and greatly enhance the value of the public lands
in that Territory. I admit that this would be the
effect, and I should rejoice in it; for I regard the
welfare of that Territory with great interest But
this same effect, to a greater or less extent, could |
be produced by Government building canals in !
that Territory. May Government, therefore, j
build canals in it? Again, Government might i
promote these good objects by building churches i
and school-houses in the Territory. But nearly or
quite all of us would condemn it as a gross per-
vasion of its true office for Government to help
Minnesota to school-houses and churches. Anti
yet, so far as its right is concerned, Government ;
can as well do these things for Minnesota ag to i
build railroads for her; ay, and so far as its right!
is concerned, it can as well sprinkle Minnesota i
over with stores and blacksmith shops. '•
I intimated that I am not opposed to the build- j
ing of the road in question, because of its possi- \
hie rivalry with some other road. And yet, one
reason why I am opposed to the granting of land
in aid of the building of this and other railroads
is, that Government may, in this wise, be throw-
ing its great weight into the scale of one road
against another; of one town against another;
or of some other interest of one part of the people j
against the like interest of another part of the peo- j
pie. Government should avoid partiality, not only j
in the purpose of its acts, but, as far as possible, j
in the effect of its acts also. Government is bound i
to be strictly and sternly impartial. But such im- t
partiality it will btfst maintain,and cfcn only rriain- '
taiij> by refusing to extend special help to-any
classes or portions of its subjects; and by simply
and equally protecting all. ...
I rejoice in the free and extended discussion of
this bill, if it is only because I hope that we may
come out of it with juster views of the nature, of
the office, and juster views of the limits of .tlje
provinceof civil government. Itis high time that
the American Congress had Settled, with,more
distinctness and more certainty than it seerps to
have done, the legitimate boundaries and the le-
gitimate objects of civil government. These
boundaries and these objects thus settled., we
should not hesitate as to the true disposition to
make of this bill, and of all kindred bills. We
should reject them all promptly.
But it is said that we have abundant precedents
for such disposition of the public lands as is pro-
posed in this bill. Arguments drawn from pre-
cedence are of doubtful value. An age of prog> 
ress should rise above precedents—should make
precedents for itself. Were we to rely on prece-
dents, it-might be urged against us that, inasmuch
as there are more precedents for monarchies than
for republics, we ought to supplant our Republic
with a monarchy. In this disordered and mis-
governed world ihere are far more precedents for
the wrong and the false than for the right and thfe
true. Shall we, therefore, give up the right jand
the true?
The Governments of the earth have ever proved
great curses to the people, by meddling with the
concerns of the people. It is time that we had
ceased from following such precedents; and that
we had left the people to do their own work; and,
therefore, to build their own railroads withou' help
from Government on the one hand, and without
hindrance from it on the other. Such hindrance
there may be in the case of one road, where Gov-
ernment nelps> build another, which may prove its
rival.
This usurpation by Government of the work of
the people, and its consequent neglect and bad
performance of its own work, has everywhere,
and in every age, been the sorest evil that the peo-
ple have suffered. I would that we might teach, in
the most emphatic and unmistakable language,
that, so far as the influence of this body exiends,,
the AmericanGovernmentshall henceforth confine
itself to its only and one work of protecting the
persons and property of its subjects, and shall
leave the people to do their own work of building
churches, ana schools, and railroads, and canals.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. And forming their
own governments.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Yes; and form-
ing their own governments. That is right. The
people should be allowed to form their own gov-
ernment.
To return. We have precedents for land mo-
nopoly, also. Poor Ireland, and, indeed, almost
every other part of the world, furnishes us with
numberless such precedents. But I hold that we
should turn our backs upon such precedents, and
throw open the public lands, without price, to the
landless to whom they belong. I say that they
belong to the landless. The bare fact that a man
is without land is title enough to his needed share
of the vacant land. No clearer, stronger title to
it can he possibly have. Is there a spare home in
the great common inheritance of the human fam-
ily, who should have it if not the homeless? I
repeat it, we should make the public lands free^to
the poor. If, on the contrary, we shall do with
them as is proposed in this and similar bills, we
shall make much of them cost to the poor double,
and much of them even quadruple, the price that
Government puts upon them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I dislike to interrupt
the gentleman; but I feel it to be my duty to raise
a question of order. Three days are set apart for
the consideration of territorial business, and I
submit that it is not in order for the gentleman
from New York to discuss the homestead bill
under the proposition now before us.
Mr. SMITp. I would say a word in reply to
the gentleman, di<J J believe that there is any force
or pertinence m what he has said.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois raises the question of order that the gentle-
man from New York is not confining: his remarks
to the discussion of the bill now under considera-
tion. The Chair perceives that the gentleman is
arguing that this grant of land shall not be made,
