THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August S,
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
'Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the House will ad-
here to its disagreement to that amendment. I am
requested by one member of the Enrolling Com-
mittee of this House, who is well acquainted with
the state of the business before us, to state that it
is utterly impossible to get through with all the
bills before twelve o'clock to-day. I have also
spoken with two Senators who are upon the En-
rolling Committee in the Senate, ano they state
that the Enrolling Committee cannot examine prop-
erly all the bills by that time, even if the Houses
can pass them. I therefore hope the House will
agree to take up the resolution of the Senate and
pass it, or that they will accede to some prop-
osition by which the session maybe extended at
least a few hours. *
[Criesof " No!" " No !"1
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well. The House can
do as they please. I thought it my duty to say
that I have seen Senator Benjamin, who is on the
Enrolling Committee in the Senate, and that I
have seen Judge Clay, who is also a member of
that committee in the Senate, and both of them
assure me that the enrolled bills cannot be properly
examined; and one member of the House com-
mittee has told me the same thing. Mr. Benja-
min thought that we might be able to do it by four
or five o'clock. The others thought that we
could nor do it even in a much longer time.
Mr. COBB. Will you state that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Green] thought last night that it
could be done within the time which we have
fixed for the adjournment?
Mr. HOUSTON. He is of a different opinion
now, since the bills have been so much delayed
by failures of committees of conference to agree,
and the recess this morning of four hours. I
have felt it to be my duty to state these facts to
the House, and to let it take whatever action it
might choose. I move to take up the resolution
from the Senate extending the session.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the resolution be taken up?
Mr. WALSH, i object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he would agree to such a mod-
ification of the resolution as would extend the
session until three o'clock this afternoon? I make
the inquiry, because I know that a great many
members have made their arrangements to leave
the city by the five o'clock train this afternoon,
and who will go.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer the gentleman
by saying that I shall take the best which 1 can
get, I shall take nightfall, if I cannot get better;
but I would much rather prefer an extension un-
til to-morrow morning.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to modify the resolution, so that the exten-
sion shall be to three o'clock'
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
yeas.
Mr. HUNT. There appears to be an under-
standing among mem beis that until four o'clock
will be time enough for the transaction of thenecea-
sary business. t
[Cries of" Order I" all over the Hall.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will propose this modifi-
cation 
Mr. WALSH. The question is not debat-
able, and 1 call the gentleman to order.
[Loud cries of" Order!" and " Hear him !"]
[Great confusion prevailed in the Hall, a dozen
members addressing the Chair at the same time.l
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The chairman pro-
poses an extension of the session until nightfall,
and gentlemen can vote on that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose an extension of
the session until six o'clock this evening.
(Loud shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not, in order.
Mr. MORGAN. I have to say 
[Renewed cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. All debate is out of order.
Mr. SI fJART, of Michigan. A member ob-
jecting should rise in his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Walsh] objects to everything without
rising. 1 insist that when he objects he shall rise
in his seat.
[Vociferous cries of " Order !" from all parts of
the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order, and will resume his seat; and the Chair now
gives notice, that if similar disorder is witnessed
upon this floor again, he will take the responsibility
of ordering the Sergeant-at-Arms to take the
offending member into his possession, and turn
him over to the House, to be dealt with as the
House shall direct.
[Cries of "Good!" "Good!" from all parts
of the Hall.]
Mr. KEITT. I rise to ask the Chair whether
it is proposed that we shall proceed with business
until four o'clock?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition before the body as he understands it.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
moves to suspend the rules for the purpose of
taking up the resolution of the Senate, and ex-
tending the time of the adjournm ent until Monday.
Since that time the gentleman from Alabama,
amid great confusion, has been talking about four
o'clock. What the proposition now is, the Chair
is unable to inform the gentleman.
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman a motion
to make ?
Mr. GROW. I hope the House, by unani-
mous consent, will accept the proposition of the
gentleman from Alabama to fix the hour of ad-
journment at four o'clock.
[Cries of " Order !"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion; and there were—yeas 130, nays 37; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Banks, Baikttdule, Belcher, Bell, Bocoek3Breck-
niridee, Bridges, Busjr, (Jampbell, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Ohrisman, Churehwell, Clark, Chngnian,
Cobb, Cook, Cox, Craigo, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Diclc, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, Thomas
I). Eliot, Eveihart, bailey, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich, Greenwood,
Grow, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hen-
diieks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Houston, Flowe, Hunt, [nger-
soll, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jojih<3, Kent, Kerr, KidwelJ, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz,
Letcher, Tandsley, Macdonald, McDougall,McMul!in, Mc-
Queen, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May,John G. Miller, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morrison, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, John Perktns, Phillips, Preston, Pringle, Puryear,
Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers,
ltowe, llulfln, Sage, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Geoige W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Straub, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,Trout, Walker, Walloy, Elli-
: hu B. Washbnrne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wnntworth,
Westbrook, Hendrick B. VVrieht, and Zolhcoffer—130.
NAYS— Messrs. Bennett, Benson, Bli&s, Brooks, Car-
penter, Chandler, Chaslam, Oorwin, Ellison, English, An-
drew J. Harlan, McCulloch, McNair, Matteson, Maurice,
Morgan, Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver, Packer, Parker,
Peek, I'eckham, Pennington, Powell, Saliin, Sapp, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John
J. Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walbridge, Walsh, Israel
Washburn, and Wheeler—37.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the joint resolution was taken
up and read, as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring.)
That the time fixed by the ifholution ol the 1st July for the
adjournment of the present session of Congress be, and the
same is hereby, e.vtended to Monday next, the 7th instant,
at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to amend that res-
olution by striking out the words " Monday next,
the 7th instant, at twelve o'clock, m.," and in-
serting; in lieu thereof, " Saturday, the 5th August,
at eight o'clock, a. m.; and that the two Houses
adjourn at four o'clock, p. m., this day, to meet at
twenty minutes before the hour of final adjourn-
ment. "
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have a proposition which
I ask the gentleman from Alabama to accept in
lieu of that offered by him. It extends the time
to Monday morning, and provides that no ques-
tion other than a motion to adjourn shall be put to
either House after four o'clock to-day. I ask to
have my proposition read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the ,
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio being of-
fered.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Insert Monday, August 7, at eight o'clock, a. m. : Pro-
vided, That no motion other than one to adjourn shall be
taken by either House after the hour of four o'clock, p. m.,
this day.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
amendment; and it was adopted.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN 
Mr. CHANDLER. As one of the managers
on the part of the House, to whom was referred
the disagreeing vote on the Post Offiee bill, I ask
permission of the House to make a statement, not
contradictory, but in adhesion to that made by the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Olds.] The
proposition entertained and considered by thecom-
mittee can have no bearing upon any other post
office in the country, as the circumstances upon
which the augmented income of these clerks is
founded do not exist in any other office. I feel
confident that the committee of the Senate will not
change their decision. They have given up, as
we have given up. But the amendment of the
Senate looks to an increased compensation, and to
a continuance of it. It would be a concession
upon the part of the committee of the Senate to
limit that increased compensation to one year; and
I ask the House to consent to instruct their com-
mittee to yield that point, and that the committee
recommend the bill to the House with that amend-
ment.
Mr. OLDS. I have no objection to the motion
being made that the House instruct their com-
mittee in any way they please. My opinion is,
that the House will have to take some further
action, or the whole bill will fail.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the motion that
the House instruct its committee to concur in the
amendment of the Senate, with this amendment,
that the provision shall extend only for one year.
Let it stand for that time; and before then we can
make some permanent provision regulating the
pay of these employees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio to report that the Senate
agree to recede from sundry amendments, and
that the joint committee are unable to agree upon
others.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is only one upon '
which they disagree.
Mr. OLDS. My statement was, that the House
recedes from its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate making an appropriation for the
mail service at Key West, and that the Senate
recedes from its amendment providing extra com-
pensation for a clerk in the Post Office Depart-
ment, and from its amendment giving the franking
privilege to ex-Vice Presidents of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
then, that the better plan would be to make the
motion that the House agree to the report of the
committee of conference, so far as they have been
able to agree.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is utterly impossible
for the House to understand the subject-matter of
disagreement between the two Houses, unless the
chairman of the committee of conference present
his report in writing, or explain it more fully
than he has yet done.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate have agreed to the
report of the committee of conference to the bill of
the House making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1855.]
Mr. OLDS. The difficulty in doing that is
that the committee have not agreed upon any form
in which to report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
House understands the matter, and I hope they
will dispose of it in some way, without further
delay.
Mr. OLDS. I will state once more, and en-
deavor to make myself understood. The fust
amendment about which the two Houses differedj
