1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
retary of the Navy was directed to enter into a
contract with Gilbert & Secor, for the construction
of a balance floating dock, basin, and railways at
the navy-yard, Pensacola.
Pursuant to this direction of Congress, the
Secretary did, on the 25th of October ensuing,
enter into a contract with the said Gilbert & Secor
to build the dock, basin, and railways for the sum
of $921,937.
I will not go into detail further than to say,
that the dock, basin, and railways were to be of
sufficient capacity to dock and haul on and off the
ways a war-steamer of the fust class, or a line-of-
batile-ship of fifty-three hundred tons.
According to the report of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks,the dock, basin, and railways have been
completed some time since, a year or more—but
not yet accepted by the Government; the teste
thus far not having proved satisfactory. The
contractors have, however, been paid the whole
amount stipulated by the contract, with the excep-
tion of two thousand five hundred dollars reserved
for contingencies.
An examination of the contract, Mr. President,
and the manner of its execution will present a
most extraordinary state of things. I go by the
teport leceived from the Department, and will not
mention facts derived from other sources, although
! have statements From gentlemen of high char-
acter and standing in relation to the execution of
this contract, which are entitled to serious con-
sideiation. By the record i shall be governed, and
not go beyond it.
The Bureau of Yards and Docks says, that none
of the stipulations of the contract have been dis-
pensed with, except, that of a floating gate, and
the one which provides for testing the dock as a
camel for transporting ships over the bar at Pen-
sacola. But let the Bureau speak for itself:
" Fourth. ' Whether any of the stipulations of the con-
tract have been dispensed with ; and if so, what wore the
stipulations so dispensed with, and the reasons therefor?'
"In reply to this question, I respectfully .state that the
only stipulations in snid contract dispensed with are those
(or the floating gate, proposed m the specifications to he
fined tor the purpose of forming a partition in the dock,and
that for cancelling the stipulation which provides for testing
the dock as a ctuuel for transporting ships over the bar at
Pensacola.
" The reasons for dispensing with the toimer are, that
this gate was oonsideied entirely useless, and even an in-
cumbrance, ami therefore, foi a reasonable consideration, it
was agreed to be dispensed with by the Department. The
reasons toi cam-oiling the camel properties of tiie dock
were, that, upon the representations of this Hurcau to the
Department, that in its opinion the experiment of sinking
the dock outMdn of and eaiiying the ships over the bar
would be ha/.ardou* to the vessel as well as to the dock;
that, as iheGovurnment was hound to furnish the steam
power lo tow ami manage said dock when so used, ami as
the side oi the doek would piesent ad much surlaep to
oppose the wind as all the square sails of a huge ship, it
would require minimise powei—which the Government
had not at command, and could not proeme except at an
enormous i*tppus<'--to move and eontiol the dock when
j>as>in:,' over Ibe har to sea; thai, provided the dock should
be sunk under the bottom of a ship at anchor outside the
bar, after pumping the whole or a poi tion of the water from
the chambers, should there be an undulating motion of the
water, as there generally }* at that place, the ship a tunto,
with batleiy on decks, as she could not there he securely
fthorcd, would be likely to fall over upon one «ide or the
oihei,ami seriously injure, if not render utterly useless,
both the ship and the dock. In consideration, "therefore,
of the great powei tequned to move such a mass, the im-
possibility ot procuring i at times when it might be wanted,
and its great cost, together with the danger attending the
seveial nece.s-ary operation*, the Secretary of the Navy,
after eon-ulling persons of expcitence and good judgment,
came to the conclusion that the dock could never he i^cd
as a camel in practice ; that it would not be safe or propei
to venture the experiment, and therefore duected proposi
lions to he made to the coutraetois to dispense with that
part of the contract for a fair eon-adeiutton ; and, alter eon
Miliafi.m, the Secretary (Mr. lvemiedj) pioposedto cancel
that provision of the contract, dedueting from the amount
of payment-, under the contract $1:2,001), which proposition
was accepted, and that sum has accordingly been de-
ducted."
It will appear, by reference to the contract, page
27, that the contractors were to receive, " in ease
a floating gate was (is) made to said basin," the
sum of £,13,000 for it—mark the language, Mr.
President—uin case a floating; gate js made," the
contractors are to receive $13,000. From this
language 1 should infer that at the time the con-
tact was entered into the Department had doubts
as to the piopriety of having a floating gate to the
basin, and reserved to itsell to direct it to be made
or not, as it thereafter might determine. If the
gate was made,<he Government to p ay $13,000 fur
it; if it was dispensed with, to pay nothing. This,
I hold, is the true construction of the contract.
The Department did dispense with it, considering
it entirely useless, and even an encumbrance; and,
in my humble judgment, the Government should
not have paid one dollar. .
The Bureau informs us, for a reasonable consid-
eration it was agreed to be dispensed with by the
Department, but does not enlighten us as to what
was the reasonable consideration. It was not a
deduction of the $13,000 from the gross amount
of the contract, which 1 consider would have been
the proper reasonable consideration; neither was it
an abatement of any portion of the $13,000; for
we are told in the report, that the contractors have
been paid the full amount of the contract, $921,937
less $12,000 deducted for cancelling the provisions
for the camel properties, and $2,500 retained to
cover contingencies. This, sir, I repeat, is the
only deduction from the gross amount of the
contract, as shown by the report on our tables.
Thus the Bureau, by its own report, overpaid
Gilbert & Secor §13,000, or, in other words,
allowed them that sum for not making the floating
gate, which the contract left optional with the
Department.
The contract stipulated that the dock should
possess the properties of a camel, to transpoit
vessels of the class mentioned; that is, a line-of-
battle-ship, or a war-steamer of the first class, in
and out of the hatbor, and over the bar of Pensa-
cola bay; and if it failed to perform this stipula-
tion, $75,000 were to be abated from the amount
of the contract. This stipulation was dispensed
with, as it appears, at the instance of the Depart-
ment, and the contractors only required to abate
$12,000, which proposition they, I presume, ac-
cepted with avidity; for they well knew they had
entered into a stipulation which they could not
perform, and never would have been guilty of the
consummate folly and temerity of attempting, but
would unhesitatingly have forfeited the $75,000,
as stipulated.
The reasons for releasing them from this re-
quirement of the contract have already been read,
and to them I respectfully call the attention of the
Senate. To have attempted its execution, the
Bureau informs us, would have been " hazard-
ous to the vessel, as well as the dock." So, no
doubt, thought the contiactors; and they would
of their own accord have forfeited the #75,000,
rather than have attempted that which they be-
lieved they could not have accomplished, and have
put their property, the dock, in imminent peril,
it does appear a little strange to me that all these
difficulties should nothave suggested themselves to
the Departmental the time of making the contract;
a change appears to have come over the spirit of the
dreams of the Department, Bureau, contractors and
all, since this humbug of a balance floating dry
dock was urged on Congress in 1846, and several
years previous. Then one of itsgreatest beauties,
one of its greatest recommendations, was the camcl
properties. One in those days, reading the glowing
description of the advantages and beauties of these
docks, in fancy saw these beasts of burden of Nep-
tune walking like a thing of life o'er the waters,
bearing with majestic grandeur on their backs a
ship of the first class over shoals and bars, to secure
havens within the numerous bays on our coast.
Since that day, new light appears to have dawned
upon the subject, now all look upon the experi-
ment lis an abortion, a failure, the veriest hum-
bug of this age and generation, including, I have
no doubt, the contractors themselves, who may
well laugh in their sleeves at the gullibility of the
Government, and their own good luck; for they
have received all their money, less the enormous
sum of §2,500, retained to cover contingencies.
But a commission was appointed to examine
the dock, basin, and railways, have the proper
tests applied, and ascertain if the contract had
been fulfilled by the contractors. This commis-
sion was comprised of gentlemen eminently qual-
ified for the duty assigned them. There is Cap-
fain Tattnall, a gentleman well known to the
country as an intelligent, energetic, and honorable
officer of our Navy. There is Major William
H. Chase, well known as one of the inost accom-
plished officers of the Corps of Engineers, and a
gentleman distinguished for his general intelli-
gence and high and honorable bearing. The next
is Mr. Hartt, a naval constructor, who ranks
among the first of his profession in the service;
and lastly, Mr. Herron, the then civil engineer of
the Pensacola navy-yard, who is well known in
his profession as a most skillful and scientific en-
gineer, and who has executed at that place one of
the most difficult works ever constructed in this or
any other country, which excites the admiration
of scientific men, and entitles him to be ranked, if
not the first, among the first civil engineers of the
day. Let us hear what this commission says:
Commandant's Office, )
Navy-Yard, Pensacola., May 28, 1853. $
Sir: The board of officers appointed by your letter of
the 12th February, Jfc53, " to examine and report the result
of the test to be made of the balance floating dock, basin,
and railway, conducted at the navy-yard at Pensacola,
by tlie contiactors, Messrs. GiJbeit k Secor," and acting
under your instructions of the same date, and subsequently
under the instructions contained in your letters ot the 12th,
13th, 15th, and 2*2d April, and of the 3d May, has the honor
to repoit, that it lias completed the duties assigned to it, so
faias its recently limited mstiuction-? have permuted.
In relation to the manner in which the board has per-
formed its duties, reference is made to its journal and the
accompanying documents, ail ol which have been vended
by the members ol the board, as being correct copies from
the originals.
The hoard was directed by exact and carefully worded
instructions, with ample latitude allowed to supply any
notable deficiencies therein, to make a close, critical, and
comprehensive examination of the apparatus named in the
contract \uth Gilbert St Secor, a" a balance floating dock,
basin, and railway; looking to its part* in detail; to its
sepaiate uses as a dock, a basin, and a lailwav, and to its
completeness as a whole, in Older to test the principle,
cotivemeney, power, and faithful construction claimed for
it by the contractors ; and to form an opinion as to the per-
formance or non-performance ot the Mipulahons of tli" con-
tract. Under this view ot its instructions, the board duly
notified the authorized agents ol AJessis. Gilbert &. Secor
that the Irigate Columbia was at their disposal, in oider to
be placed in the dock, carried into the basin, and hauled
on and off the railway, m the manner piescnbed by the
board. A correspondence ensued between the agents and
the boaid, arising from objections made by the contractors
to cettain parts ot the prescribed opeiauons.
The board adhering without material change to its first
determination, it was finally arranged with the agents of
the contiactors that the Irigate Columbia should be placed
i on the cradle ui the dock, and the wliole eairied into the
! basin, in readiness for tlie frigate to be hauled on and otV
the railway, the board reserving the right to haul the ship
on to the uulway, with her enure armament on boaidor
not, and assuming the entire responsibility of her safety.
The board designed to make the several tests of the dock,
railway, and bann with as much weight as possible, seeing
that all that could be commanded would fall short more than
one half of that required by the contract to be u^ed.
The naval constructor at this yard, one ol the members
of the boaid, was deputed to place shores and In aces m the
ii igate, and also to remove the guns and Motes to such a
position as would bung the center ot gravity as neaily as
powblc within ceitaiu lines.
On the same day that this agreement with the agents was
made, these persons refused to executc it, and one ot their
number proceeded directly to the noith, m oider to confer
with his principals. It was deemed important that the
senior officer ot the hoard should proceed at once to Wash-
ington, in oider to explain the proceedings of the boaid,
and to meet and lefute the objections made by the eon-
tractois to the fair and proper test prescubed by the board.
The pioceedings of tiie board were not disapproved of.
Rut leprcsentaiions having been made to the Navy Depart-
ment that there was not sufficient depth of water oIf and
near the permanent whart ot the navy yard to sink the dock
to the depth iieee -ary to receive the frigate Columbia,
with hei arms and stores on board, it was deemed important
to obtain the opinion of the Attorney General in the prem-
ises.
Tins opinion was decidedly given as to th« obligation of
the Government to furnish the requisite depth of water.
Under this consideration, and of that of the time and
expense deemed necessary to excavate tlie required depth,
the test ot placing the ship on the ciadle was dispensed
with, and tlie operation confined to the simple one of
taking the ship into the dock, with the removal of all or
any pait ol the armament and stores, in order to reduce the
draught of the ship, and consequently that of the dock when
sunk to the lack of water complained ol. Hut it was rn
quned alter the ship had been raised, to place in the dock
a weight equal to th.it removed from the ship
The boaul wa« mstiueted accordingly. As these instruc-
tions were founded m enoi ol tact, the board deemed u its
duty to repoit tb<- same to the Navy Depmtment, affirming
that there was water enough to alford an adequate test as
prescribed by the board; that no excavations were neces-
sary to procure additional depth ol water, and thai no ob-
stacle existed, known to the board, that would pt event every
proper te^t being made with any ship that could pass the
bar at the mouth ot the harbor.
' In answer to the letter ot the board, it was stated that the
Navy Department adhered to its instructions, hut that it was
lett optional with the board to remove the armament and
stoies or not: at the same time doubts were expressed as
| to the sutReiency of water claimed in the premises. It is
due to the board in this place to state that the UMs requued
to be made were, m its judgment, perfectlv consistent with
the first instructions received from the Navy Department
and with the stipulations of the contiaet.
That before such tests were arranged, the board made
itself acquainted with all the local cheumstances existing
m the premises, a knowledge of which was indispensable
to the exact performance of its duties. That it required
nothing at the hands of the contractors hut what was con-
sidered a fair illustration of the principle, conveniencv, and
power of the apparatus, generally styled the floating balance
dock, basin, and railway, offered at a great cost as a whole
by its designers and the contractors confidently to the Gov-
ernment, as being superior to, and in substitution of, tho
permanent dry-dock.
