ISM.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this land has not been even surveyed by the Gov-
ernment; and your action would render a survey
imperative, in anticipation of the waats of the
people, and before the President shall deem it ex-
pedient, for the sole purpose of enabling the Min-
nesota Legislature to select the land you donate.
But you propose to grant alternate sections along
the whole length of the road, a.distanee of three
hundred miles.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Two hundred miles.
Mr. ORR. I think if my friend from Illinois,
will make an admeasurement upon the map from
the starting point on Lake Superior, by the way
of St. Paul, to the southern boundary of Min-
nesota, and from thence to the temjinus of the
Illinois Central road, he will find that the distanso
is more than two hundred miles.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is two hundred and
sixty or seventy miles. But the grant is only to
the southern boundary of Minnesota.
Mr. ORR. The grant, Mr. Chairman, go'es
further than that, if I read the bill correctly. The
bill provides that this road shall be extended down
to the southern boundary of Minnesota, "with
the privilege of extending the road to the northern
terminus of the Illinois Central railroad upon the
Mississippi." If any gentleman will just refer to
the map, he will find that the point first indicated
as the stopping point is a distance of eighty miles,
more or less, short of the terminus of the Illinois
Central road. They have the power, under the
provisions of this bill, to extend the road from
Lake Superior to the terminus of the Illinois road.
In every aspect of the case, I do not think that
this bill should pass, although I favor the princi-
Fle. I oppose it upon the ground of expediency.
do not believe that it is politic to make these do-
nations to Territories at all. I think that when
donations are made, that they should be made to
the States themselves. There is more of stability,
and conservatism, and responsibility in State gov-
ernments than in mere territorial governments. If
the principle set forth in the first section of this bill
be true, then this Government should build this
road in the Territory of Minnesota. If it is for
national purposes exclusively—if it is for the con-
venience, safety, and accommodation of this Gov-
ernment that such a road should be constructed,
let this Government do it. The Government has
no just right to ask the people of Minnesota to aid
in its construction, or to require the territorial
government to supervise it, if it is for military
purposes. But if it is for the purpose of giving to
the people of Minnesota alternate sections of the
public lands to build a railroad for their conve-
nience, then in no shape ought it to be passed from
such considerations of expediency as I have sug-
gested. I did intend to extend my remarks upon
this subject further; but I have trespassed too long
already upon the time of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly.] With his permission, I
move that the committee rise.
The question was then upon Mr, Orr's motion;
and it was decided in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly sundry
territorial bills.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Orr temporarily occu-
pying the chair.) The question first is upon
ordering to be engrossed and read the third time
the bill " for the construction of certain roads in
the Territory of New Mexico."
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read the third time; and having been engrossed,
was read the third time; and
The question being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House
adjourn.
A. BOYD HAMILTON.
Mr. HAVEN. I appeal to thegentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Meacham] to withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment, to enable me to make amotion
to reconsider a vote that was taken yesterday, that
may be of some consequence to the House. I
wish to make the motion now, so that it may be
entered upon the Journal.
I move to reconsider the vote taken yesterday,
by which the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Russell] in behalf of
the Committee on Printing, m reference to audit-
ing and settling the accounts of A. Boyd Hamil-
ton, was adopted. 1 believe that some question
has been raised as to the propriety of some of the
provisions of that resolution. It has been sug-
gested that it ought, at least, to be considered by
the House; and I therefore make the motion,and
ask that it may go upon the Journal. I now yield
the iloor, in accordance with my promise to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham.]
Mr. MEACHAM. I renew the motion that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, to enable us to adopt a resolu-
tion doing debate upon the bill now under con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Several Members. That can be done to-mor-
row morning.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to; and
At half-past three o'clock, the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 8, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented two memorials of citizens
of New York, praying the construction of a ship
canal around the Falls of Niagara; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of the Faculty of Columbia
College, New York, praying that a township of
land may be granted to each chartered college and
university in the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
memorial of citizens of Newark, New Jersey,
praying that measures may be taken to secure re-
ligious liberty to American citizens residing or
traveling in foreign countries; whicli was ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, certain joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New Jersey, instructing their Senators, and
requesting their Representatives in Congress, to
use their efforts to procure an appropriation of
$200,000 for the improvement of the navigation
and the protection of the harbors along the sea-
board of that State, from the point of Sandy Hook
to Cape May; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that measures may be taken
to secure religious liberty to American citizens re-
siding or traveling in foreign countries; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented two pe-
titions of citizens of Wisconsin, praying the estab-
lishment of a tn-weekly mail from Fort Atkinson
to Stoughton, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SL1DELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Ervin be withdrawn
from the files of the {Senate, for the purpose of being pre-
sented in the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Orson Young have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That John A.Bryan have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis, for the purpose of presentation m
the House of Representatives.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill to author-
ize the issuance of patents to lands in Louisiana
in certain cases, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred resolutions
passed at a meeting of the soldiers of the iast war
with Great Britain, held at Baltimore the 17th of
February, 1854, in relation to their pay, pensions,
and bounty land asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and that they Ue referred
to the Committee on Public Lands; which was
agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained th« unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
granting a portion of the public lands to the Stale
of Iowa, to aid in the construction of a railroad in
said State; which was read a firstandsecomi time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr CLAY asked and obtained the'unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill grantiftg
to the State of Alabama public lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction of a central rail-
road from some point on the boundary line of
the States of Alabama and Tennessee to a point
on the boundary line ofthe States of Alabama-and
Florida; which was read a first and seeond tim«
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
ic Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
confirm the claim of John Ervin to a certain tract
of land in the Bastrop grant; which was re$d a
first and second time by its title, and referred tq
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
THE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill for the relief of the United States-troops
who were sufferers by the recent disaster to the
steamship San Francisco, submitted a report, rec-
ommending the Senate to recede from its amend-
ment which was disagreed to by the House, and
to strike out the word *' four," m the tenth line of
the first section, and insert " eight."
The amendment of the Senate disagreed to by
the House, which the Committee of Conference
recommend the Senate to recede from, is:
" Provided, That the amount of pay and allowances ad-
vanced the officers and men by the authority of the Pres-
ident, previous to their embarkation, shall be passed to their
credit, and their receipts for the same be canceled."
The effect of striking out " four" and inserting
" eight," as recommended by the committee, is to
allow to each officer, non-commissioned officer,
musician, and private, who embarked on the^steam-
ship San Francisco, a sum equal in amount to his
pay and allowance for eight months.
The report was concurred in.
ARMY RETIRED LIST.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill to promote the efficiency of
the Army by retiring disabled officers.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military-
Affairs and the Department have agreed to somfc
verbal corrections of the bill, which are embodied
in the copy which 1 now hold in my hand. I
therefore move to amend the bill by striking out
all after the enacting clause, and inserting the fol-
lowing:
That if any commissioned officer of the Army shall have
become incapable of performing the duties of his office, he
shall, as provided in the second section of this act, be placed
upon a retired hat, and withdrawn from active service and
command, with the pay proper of the highest rank held by
lum at the ume, whether by staff or regimental commission,
and the service rations to which he nray then be entitled,
but without any other allowances; and the officer next in
rank shall be promoted to the placc of the retired officer,
according to the heretofore established rule of the service.
And the same rule of promotion shall be applied succes-
sively to the vacancies consequent on the retirement of an
officer, as herein provided: Provided, That if the disability
result from wound?, received in action, the pay proper of
the retired officer shall be that of Jus highest r-anfc by brevet
or oth**rwit<e
Sec. *2. he it further enacted, That, to carry out
the provisions of this act, whenever any officer of the Army
my, who may be incapacitated, as hereiofore recited, shall
voluntarily apply to be retired from active service, or on
being ordered to perform the dimes appropriate to his com-
mission shall report himself unable to comply with such
: order, or, whenever, in the judgment of tne Pr-sident of
! the United States, an offirerof the Army shall havebecom«
in anv way incapacitated from performing the duties of his
office, the President, at his discretion, shall direct the Sec-
retary of War to refer the case of such officer to an Army
Board, to be composed of not more than nine nor h-fiR than
five commissioned officers, to be detailed from those of
superior rank to him whose case is under consideration, as
far as his grade and the intf rest of the service will permit.
And the said board shall determine upon the cose referred
to them, and their opinion thereon, with a record of the
proceedings, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of War,
to be laid before the President for his approval or disap-
proval. If, m the judgment of the board, the officer be
considered incapacitated for active service, the board will
report whether, in their opinion, the disability i* to be
