1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was that making an appropriation for the mail
service between Charleston and Key W est. The
House recede from its disagreement to that amend-
ment; and it therefore stands as a part of the bill.
There is another amendment providing for the
payment of extra compensation to a clerk in the
Post Office Department for the alleged perform-
ance of double service. The committee recom-
mend that the Senate recede from that, and that it
do not stand as a part of the bill.
Another amendment proposes to extend the
franking privilege to the present surviving ex-Yice
Presidents, and to all future ex-Vice Presidents of
the United States. The committee recommend
that the Senate recede from that, and that it do
not stand as a part of the bill.
The only other amendment about which the
two Houses differed was that imposing a tax of
one mill perjjound upon all the documents leaving
the post office of this city, the proceeds of which
are to be applied to the payment of an extra com-
pensation to the clerks in the city post office of
$250 per annum. On this amendment the com-
mittee cannot agree. They agree on all the points
but this one, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia now proposes that the House shall instruct
the managers of the conference, on its part, to con-
cur in the amendment with an amepdment, pro-
viding that the appropriation shall be for one year
only.
Mr. CHANDLER. May 1 be allowed to
state that the reason for this addition to these
clerks is the extraordinary labor which is imposed
on them ? They have the lowest existing salaries.
They receive from §700 to #800 per"annum, and
have to work from twelve to eighteen hours per
day.
Mr. McMULLlN. Does the gentleman state
that the clerks in the city post office only receive
$700 or $800 per annum ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The class of clerks of
which we are talking do not receive any more.
Mr. McMULUN. Will the gentleman be
kind enough to inform the House what additional
compensation is proposed ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Two hundred and §250.
Not beyond that, whatever may be the tax. Since
there has been a disagreement, I propose to limit
the operation of the amendment to one year.
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentleman
is to have the House recede from a particular
amendment. Will he state it?
Mr. CHANDLER. My object is to have the
House instruct its committee to agree with the
Senate in its second amendment, with an amend-
ment that its provisions shall not extend beyond
one year.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the committee of conference have agreed on a set-
tlement of three or four of the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses. I propose that the
question be put whether the House will agree to
what the committee of conference has agreed to,
leaving this solitary point in reference to these
clerks undecided. Then the House can act on
that one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the committee of conference agreed to
any report at all. It was understood that they
had agreed as to part of the amendments, and that
there was a part on which they could not agree.
They,have reported disagreement to the House.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is putting his proposition in writing, and
while he is doing so, I will say a few words.
There is an amendment on which the committee
of conference cannot come to a conclusion. Itis
the amendment which provides for extra compen-
sation to the clerks in the city post office of this
city. The gentleman from Ohio says that, by the
passage of this amendment, we shall open the
door for similar legislation in regard to all the
other cities of the Union. It is different in the
post office here from what it is in any other city.
The one here is the great place where all the
lumber and stuff which is sent by members of
Congress and the Departments has to be assorted,
and each given its proper direction.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I was a member of the com-
mittee of conference, and feel happy that, for once
in my life, I stand on the side of economy against
my friend from Tennessee, The argument which
he now submits was submitted in the committee
by latitudinarian friends. It was urged in the
committee, and is now urged by the gentleman
from Tennessee, that great labor—some called it
extra work—is done m the city post office. Well,
I would like to know, if that be so, whethei they
do not allow a number of clerks proportionate to
the business; and does it make any difference with
the clerks, provided that there are sufficient to do
it, whether that business consists in sending free
matter, or matter that pays ?
Mr. JONES. I do not know that I am very
well posted as to how these clerks are paid; but
my impression is, that the postmaster is allowed
certain commissions and allowances, and that he
employs clerks, and pays them out of those com-
missions and allowances. What is left is his
compensation for keeping the office. Upon all
the matter sent from this city by the Congress of
the United States, or its members, and by the
Departments, there is no commission paid, be-
cause there is no postage received here; and the
commission is much less here, I take it, than at
any other place in the Union. Unlike some mail
matter, the postmaster cannot give the same com-
pensation out of commissions upon it that post-
masters can give at other places.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to instruct the
House conferees to concur in the second amend-
ment of the Senate, with the following proviso:
Provided, That the operation of this clause shall not ex-
tend beyond one year from the passage of this act.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] is mistaken as to the amount of
compensation given to the postmaster of this city.
By a law of the United States, you give to the
postmaster of this city and the postmaster in
New Orleans, $800 each extra compensation,
which is not given to any other postmaster m the
United States, for the reason that m these cities,
and more especially in this, they have extra
duties to perform.
One word further. Their whole compensation
is a commission, with the exception of this $800;
and you require all postmasters in the United
States, where their commissions amount to more
than $9,000, to return the surplus to the revenues
of the Post Office Department, after paying their
clerk hire and office rent. Out of his commission,
and out of this $800, the postmaster of this city
pays his clerks. I hold that, under the law passed
by this Congress, giving the Postmaster General
the power to pay extra compensation to post-
masters of distributing offices adequate to the labor
performed at these offices, the Postmaster General
now has the power to give extra compensation to
the postmaster of this city sufficient to meet the
salaries and labor of the clerks employed by him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As i understand
this question, the postmasters of this city end
New Orleans are allowed a commission, and also
$800 extra compensation. This being the only
fund for the compensation of his clerks, the post-
master of this city finds, as he has need of many
clerks, on account of the franking privilege, that
he is not able to allow them a living compensation.
How is this living compensation to be supplied?
Only in this way: for Congress to appropriate a
certain sum to put their compensation on such a
footing as will allow them to live.
Now, the gentleman appears to think that there
is a provision in the law already passed by which
this thing can be done. I think he is mistaken
about that. But, at any rate, there can be no dif-
ficulty in the matter. If they ore paid by means
of this appropriation, they will not be paid untiei
any other law. Now, I say here, as ihe gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jonrs] says, that there
are no such drudges in all the country as these
poor devils of clerks in the city post office; and
yet they receive hardly enough pay to enable them
to live.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was correct in
my position that the postmaster here, as at other
places, had to pay his clerks, and to get his own
compensation out of the commission allowed to
him'by law. The law to which the gentleman
' from Ohio [Mr. Olds] refers—about the $800—
passed Congress some years ago, on the giound,
or on the assigned reason, that they could not out
of the commission and perquisites here, and at New
Orleans, pay then clerks, and then have §2,000 a
year each to themselves.
the ocean mail steamer bill.
Mr, HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee yield the floor, that i may ask for-the
appointment of a committee of conference?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire, Mr. Speaker, %o
take up the amendment of the Senate to the mail
steamer bill, and ask the House to insist upon its
disagreeing vote to the Senate's amendment-, and
to appoint a committee of conference to confer with
the committee of the Senate.
There being no objection, the committee of con-
ference was appointed; and the following gentle-
men were named the committee on the part of the
House: Messrs. Houston, Morgan, and Pow-
ell.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had concurred in the amend-
ment of the House to the joint resolution extending
the time of adjournment of the present session of
Congress.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill to carry
into effect the provisions of the reciprocity treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
signed 15th June, 1854.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of a pri-
vate character.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills, which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
A bill for the relief of Rosalie Caxillo;
A bill declaring the southern boundary of New
Mexico; and
A bill to repeal the first proviso of the fourth
section of the act entitled " An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 28, 1850.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (resuming ) I might,
sir, perhaps, distrust the correctness of my position
in this respect; but I differ with my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Bocock] when I hold that economy
is not the largest price paid either for service, or
property, or articles bought. Now, sir, I reter to
the argument made here some few days ago by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] in which
he told the House that there were some three
million tons of free matter annually earned by the
maiis through the post office of the country.
Where, sir, does that matter start from; and
where does that which comes from the other di-
rection find its destination? One and a half mil-
lions of tons start from this point, and more than
another million is returned here to members of
Congress and to the Departments. The whole of
if has to pass through the hands of the clerks—or
laborers, more properly called—in the city post
office; for they perform little or no clerical ser-
vices, if I understand their duties. It is labor,
labor, in handling those documents and assorting
them, and giving them their proper direction; and
then, when returns come to this city, m sorting and
giving them then proper direction.
Now, sir, when a proposition is made to increase
the pay of clerks who a£p really so—clerks who
eret up in the morning at their leisure, take their
coiiee, and get to their offices at the reasonable
hour of nine o'clock, and retire at three—when a
proposition is made to increase their compensation
from a thousand, sixteen hundred, two thousand,
and twenty-two hundred dollars, the advocates of
it are thick and plenty all over the tjall. But, sir,
when it is proposed to increase the nay of these
men who have to be up by turns, I suppose, almost
every night—all night, the chairman of 'he Com-
mittee on the Post Office near me says—who have
to be there all day, opening, sorting, and deliver-
ing mails, some of them the entire twenty-four
hours, it is opposed, upon the ground that it will
be a bad precedent. When, I ask, was the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] ever found before to
oppose the increase of the compensation of the
officers in this city? If he has ever been, it has
escaped my notice. I was surprised to find him
opposed to it upon this occasion. I want the com-
mittee to be instructed so to amend the provision
as that the other officers in the post office, who
are now getting higher salaries, shall not be in-
cluded in the provision.
