THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
In conclusion, permit me to say, that I do not
know a single individual in the city post office,
except the postmaster himself, and that no one
from that office has ever said a word to me upon
the subject of their compensation.
Mr. GREENWOOD, i wish to ask the gen-
tleman one question. He has said that this is the
first time that the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was ever found
opposed to the increase of the compensation of
clerks. I desire to ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee if it is not the first time he has advocated it?
Mr. JONES. I say it is not. Whenever I
find a case where the compensation is not suf-
ficient, I am willing to vote to increase it liberally.
I know there are many clerks now in this city
whose services are better worth $5,000 a year to
this Government than those of others in the same
Department are worth $500.
Sir, the people of thia country are distracted at
times about political questions, and political aspi-
rants, as to who shall fill the White House at
the other end of the avenue, who shall fill the
heads of Departments, or who shall have seats
upon this floor; but, sir, my experience has
brought me to this conclusion, that this Govern-
ment is practically administered by the clerks in
the Departments of this city. 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McMULLfN. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question for a few minutes?
[Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. JONES The floor was yielded to me by
the gentlemen from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] one of the committee upon tikis subject, and
I cannot withdraw it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question *as ordered to be put, being upon
Mr. Cijandi eii's proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to ask one question,
in relation to that, instruction, of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The amendment in contro-
versy provides for twelve months, and I desire to
know whether this amendment is to extend back
twelve mouths, and also extend forward twelve
months?
Mr. KITTREDGE. I demand tellers.
Mr. CHANDLER May I be allowed to state
that this extra compensation is not to extend be-
yond a year*
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips
and Olds were appointed.
The question was taken; and the proposition
was agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes
104, noes 17.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on amendments of the Senate to the Navy appro-
priation bill, made the following report:
The committee of conference on the dinntfieem/r votes of
the two IIoihc* on the bill (H. II. No, 97) '* making appio-
priatiuns for the naval M-rviee for tin* year ending tin; UOth
of June, 1855," having met, after lull mm! free conference,
liave 10 recommend, and do recommend, to their
ref-peotive IIous >s, ne follows:
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the Floine
of Representatives to (he eighth amendment of the Senate.
That the Hmate recede trom its first amendment, and
adopt a £tjb«ntute therefor, as follows:
That at the tavy yard at S*im Francisco the pay of the
commander shall he P('r annum ; one civil engineer,
#4,000 per annum, and th« [>av of tho navy agem, who
fhall discharge the duties of both purser and navy agent,
shall be $4.0fH)
Thai the Senate recede from its ninth, thirteenth, foui-
teenth, and sixteenth amendment*.
S. R. MALLORY,
J. J). HKKJHT,
U S. GEYEit,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN 3. l>HEi,PS,
S. P BENSON",
PETER ROWE,
Managers on the part of the House•
Mr. PHELPS, The eighth amendment of
the Senate is an appropriation for the San Fran-
cisco navy yard. The House of Repiesentatives
amended that amendment by striking out the fol-
lowing words; " officers' quarters." The Senate
concurred in that amendment.
The Senate recede from their first amendment,
which reads as follows:
That at the navy-yard at San Francisco the pay of the
commander *hall be $3,500 per annum; the pay of one
storekeeper, §3,50t ; one civil engineer, $4,000; one
draughtsman, who shall be clerk to engineer, $3,000 ; one
clerk to the storekeeper, S2J)00 ; one navy agent, $4,000;
one clerk to navy agent, §2^)00,
And adopt a substitute therefor, as follows:*
That at the navy yard at San Fianct&co, the pay of the
commander shall be"$3,500 per annum, one civil engineer,
$4,000 per annum; and the pay of the navy agent, who
shall discharge the duties of both purser and navy agent,
shall be $4,000 per annum.
The Senate recede, also, from their sixth, ninth,
thirteenth,fourteenth,and sixteenth amendments.
They in fact recede from all the other amendments
upon which there were disagreeing votes, from
the appropriation for the naval depot at New Or-
leans, from the provision for the officers of the
Texan Navy, and also from the provision for the
retired list of the Navy. I demand the previous
question upon the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the reportof the committee; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the report of the committee was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask permis-
sion of the House to make a report, and introduce
a bill from the Judiciary Committee, in the Gard-
iner case. The report is a long one, and I do
not propose to have it read, but I d,esire to have it
referred, together with the bill, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed.
Leave being granted, the bill was received, read
a first and second time by its title, as follows: " A
bill to prevent frauds on the Treasury of the
United States," and then, together with the re-
port, was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
THE GARDINER CASE.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following resolution:
Rctolrptl, That the President ho requested to institute
proceeding m law or equity against all such agents, attor-
neys, and confederates, as mtiy have agisted in prosecut-
ing the chimin of George A- Gardiner and John II. Mears,
or either of them, befuie the hoard of commissions s ap-
pointed under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the ad-
judication of claim-ton Mexico, in order to tesi their liability
to refund the amounts paid them as agents, aiiornevs, con-
federates or asngtiees, out of the awards made by the said
commissioners to said Gardiner or Mears.
The question was put; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the report, with
the accompanying testimony, be printed.
It was so ordered.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer a resolution
which, I know, no gentleman in the House will
object to. It is as follows:
Jiesolnedi That the Secretary of the Interior cause to be
pie pa red, for the use of the Hons«e of iRppre-entatives,
during tho recess nf Congress, a statement of the time the
public lands may have been m market, as well as the quan-
tity, clas-ufi* d aecordnnx to the act graduating and reducing
the price of the public lands, passed 4th August, 1854.
The resolution was adopted
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. STR.A.UB. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, Th.it the Committee of fho Whole on the state
of the Union be d^ehar«?-jd from the further consideration
of hill No 4-28, yranlnii.' bounty land to ceitam officers and
soldiets who have been engaged m the military service of
the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. STRAUB. Then I move a suspension of
the rules to enable me to introduce the resolu-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to indicate
what the bill in question is ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution sufficiently
describes it. Is there any objection to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] making
a statement?
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Straub *s mo-
tion; and (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move t<? reconsider the
vote by which the resolution, rlported from the
Committee on the Judiciary a few minutes ago,
was adopted.
The resolution instructs the President to insti-
tute proceedings in law or equity against the
agents, attorneys, and confederates of Gardiner.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to the
gentleman that this is not a question of privilege,
or a privileged question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I thought it was.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. There is a bill standing
first upon the Calendar of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in reference to
which there appears to have been some partial
understanding with the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Henn] last evening.
It is a bill " for the relief of the purchasers and
locators of swamp and overflowed lands." I
move that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of that bill, in order to take it up
and act upon it now.
Mr. MATTESON. I object to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I move to sus-
pend the rul£s*in order to enable me to submit the
motion.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes forty-four.
So the motion was disagreed to, two thirds not
in favor thereof.
Mr. WE^f fWORTH, of Illinois. As that
matter is disposed of, I wish to ask leave of the
House to introduce a bill, of which previous no-
tice has been given.
Mr. LETCHER. I object anyhow, upon a
venture.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If there isanygentle-
man here who has any local matter he is anxious
to have attended to, I will riot stand in his way.
I yield to the gentleman from Florida.
RESERVED LANDS IN" FLORIDA.
Mr. MAXWELL. It will be remembered,
that some days since, upon my motion, a bill au-
thorizing the sale of certain reserved lands was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. The
object of the bill was to withdraw the f-eservation
over certain military lands which have become
useless for military purposes. I said the bill was
referred to the Committee on'Public Lands; but,
by some mishap, it has become misplaced, and
cannot be found.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands
the gentleman desires to have another copy of the
bill obtained.
Mr. MAXWELL. I will explain what I wish
to do. The bill was under consideration by the
Committee on Public Lands, and they agreed to
report it to the House, with a recommendation
that the second and third sections be stricken out;
and that, as so amended, it pass. I now ask the
leave of the House to introduce a bill in place of
it, leaving out the second and third sections of the
other bill, so as to make it conform to the action
of the Committee on Public Lands. The bill will
then stand precisely as the Committee on Public
Lands agreed to report it.
Mr. WALSH. Does the gentleman propose
to put it upon its passage ? ,
Mr. MAXWELL. I do.
Mr. WALSH I object.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move to suspend the
rules; and demand tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox, and
McDougall, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended, two thirds not voting m the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would beg to
make a suggesition to the House. There is a great
press on the Chair for the floor, and he proposed
yesterday that reports be received from commit-
tees, and that bills and resolutions reported, be re-
ferred without debate. The Chair now renews the
suggesition. A number of gentlemen were out of
the House when it was submitted before. Each
gentleman rises in his place, and thinks that he is
best entitled to the floor. Irritation is the conse-
quence, as well as a great deal of trouble and per-
plexity, and sometimes mortification to the Chair.
The Chair hopes the course suggested may be
pursued.
