1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23.
well attempt to get melted butter out of a dQg's
mouth, as money out of the hattds of a defaulting
contractor after he has once placed it in his fob.
It seems that it was assumed by the Depart-
ment that there was not water of sufficient depth
near the basin to s.ink the dock; and the question
was, whether the United States or the contract-
ors were bound to find the water, or, in other
words, to deepen Uy excavation or dredging. The
Secretary of the Navy called for the opinion of
the Attorney General, who decided that the Gov-
ernment was bound to furnish the water; and as
the Government.was not ready to furnish it, and
the structures having been completed, the.contract-
ors were entitled to the percentage reserved, and
by order of the Secretary it was paid thsm.
From what source did the Department derive
its information that there was not sufficient water
near the basin ? Was it from actual measurement
or sounding by the proper officers of the Govern-
ment, or did it come to the conclusion there was
not sufficient water upon the assertion of the con-
tractors? When the test with the frigate Columbia
was ahnnt being made, a year ago, the contractors
again alleged there was not water sufficient to
float the dock into.the basin, and the instructions
from the Bureau to the commission appointed to
make the test, were given upon that hypothesis.
What does the board say ?
" jis these instructions were founded in error of fact, the
tourd deemed it its duty to report the same to the Navy De-
partment; affirming that, there was water enough to afford
<in adequate text us prescribed by the boaid; that no excava-
tions were necessary to procure additiojiul depth of water,
<IM<Z that no Obstacle existed known to the board that would
prevent every proper lest being made until any ship that
could pass the bar at the mouth of the harbor."
The Bureau, in reply, expressed doubts as to
the sufficiency of water claimed in, the premises.
The Bureau seemed very tenacious of its opinion
■as to the depth of water, and well it should, for
upon that opinion the Attorney General advised
the payment of near $200,000 to the contractors,
to which they were not entitled if the true state of
the case had been made known. It is remarkable,
Mr. President, that the Bureau should, m direct
opposition to the report of the cownusston, com-
posed of such men as it was, still insist theie was
*iot sufficient water, when the officers on that
commission, beins; on the spot, say unequivocally,
without the expression of a doubt, there was
waler sufficient for any ship that could pass the
bar, which is well known will admit vessels
drawing twenty-two or twenty-three feet, with
■ease.
Prom a-review of the entire subject I am con-
strained to believe the officers of the Government !
have been very remiss m not properly guarding
and protecting the interestof the country. There
is, Mr. President, a screw loose somewhere which
should be attended to, and I trust the committee ;
who will have charge of the subject, will give it a :
full and thorough investigation. I now submit
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Report of the Secretary of the Navy
of tin: 9th instant, being Executive Document (>4 of the
present session, communicating information in compliance
'with the resolution of the Senate, tu relation to the duck,
bo tin, and railway at Pensaeola, be. referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval A flairs, wuh instructions) to examine into
the contract with Gilbert, & Seeor for the construction of
•* ai<! dock, hitMii, and railway ; and also to ascertain how
and in what manner said contract has been performed,
what Feeurity has been given tor reimbursing the United
States Hie amount Of which has been paid to the
toaid Gilbert & Secor by the Navy Department, in case the
Mini do< fc. Usui, and railway should not be accepted by the
'Government, and what timber step* are necessary to pro-
tect the interest* o! the United States.
licsoloct/, That if said committee, in the investigation,
■should deem it necessary, they be authorized to send for
persons and papers.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. A report was made by the
Secretary of the Navy upon the whole subject of
■docks on the 5th of March, 1852, which was-ac-
companied by copies of the contracts for the con-
struction of the docks, basins, and railways, at
Philadelphia, Kittery, and Pensaoola, and the
ifloating dock at San Francisco. As we may be
■called upon before the close of the session to make
iarge appropriations for the one in California, I
move the reference of this report to the same com-
snittee.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS FRA.ZER.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yesterday a motion was
made to reconsider the vote by which the bill
from the House of Representatives, for the relief
of Thomas Frazer, was indefinitely postponed. I
learn that that bill has been sent to the House,
and I now move that the Secretary be directed to
request the House to return that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was subsequently returned to the Senate
by Mr. McKEiN, Chief Clerk.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GW1N, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill to authorize the coinage of gold
pieces of the value respectively of ten eagles and
five eagles, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr GWIN. I give notice that as soon as the
bill is printed, I shall ask for its consideration.
It is important that it should be acted upon.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Samuel Colt, praying the extension of
his patent for certain improvements in fire-arms,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill author-
izing the Commissioner of Patents to grant an
extension of a patent to Samuel Colt, a citizen of
the United States, for an improvement in fire-
arms; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred documents in support of
the claim of Gideon Prior, a soldier in the revolu-
tionary war, to a pension,and the petition of John
H. Hand, praying lo be allowed a pension on
account of disease contracted in the service of the
United States, submitted adverse reports thereon;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of William
Brown, praying to be allowed a pension, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
E. H. Wingfield, late Indian agent in New Mex-
ico, praying to be allowed traveling expenses from
Santa Fe to Washington city, for the settlement
of his accounts, and for a per diem allowance
during his detention, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referied the petition of Allele Sands,
widow of Richard M. Sands, of the Army, pray-
ing an increase of pension, and the petition of
Charlotte S. Westcott, widow of Captain George
O. Westcott, of the Army, praying for a pension,
submitted a report, and asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, on the ground
that a general bill had been reported which would
embrace the objects prayed for; which was agreed
to.
The report was ordered to be printed.
REPUBLIC OF DOMINICA.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; and asked for its imme-
diate considerauon;
Resolved, Th:it the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed lo inquire into the expcilieticv of recognizing
tlx* independence of tlie ltepubhe of Domimea, arid of
opening diplomatic inleieourse with tile same.
Mr. CIIASE objected; and the resolution was
laid over.
EMPLOYMENT OF CLERK.
Mr. FISll submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to;
ii Resolccd, That the select committee appointed to con-
aider the causes, &c., of mortality on board of emigrant
ships, be aulhuri/.ed to employ a cleik.
SLAVE TRADE IN CUBA.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved* That the President be requested tocomirmni-
rate to the Senate (if in his opinion it be compatible with
the pnbhc interest) copies of all correspondence in the
State Department relative to tin* j lave trade in the It-land of
(Ju-ba, and of any late decrees or other acts of the Spanish
Government in thai inland connected with the same.
COMPENSATION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was
referred a bill from the House of Representatives
regulating the pay of deputy postmasters, to report
it back with an amendment, and recommend its
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Senate to
put that bill on its passage now. It has been
carefully examined by the" Post Office Committee
of the House, as well as of the Senate, ft has
received the favorable action of the House, and,
in my judgment, ought to be acted upon.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the bill under considera-
tion by general consent?
The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. W ELLER. The original bill was passed
by the House of Representatives, and was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. It has been under consideration, I be-
lieve, for more than a month. The only amend-
ment proposed, is one submitted by the Post
Office Department, the object of which is to render
certain and definite that which was somewhat
uncertain by the provisions of the original bill.
There is no change whatever in the principle. The
only effect of the amendment is to make the bill
more certain, and to obviate any difficulty which
might arise in the Department.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out the following proviso:
"That, to any postmaster of any distributing or separa-
ting post office whose commissions may be reduced below
the amount allowed at ins office tor the year ending the
30th day of June, 1851, the Postmaster General shall be
authorized, in his discretion, to allow such additional com-
pensation as he may deem proper, such compensation to
date, and be allowed from, the 30th day of March, 1853:
ProvidedJurlher, That the commissions and allowances
authorized by this act shall be subject to the provisions of
the forty first section of the act entitled ' An act to reduce
into one the seveial acts establishing and regulating the
Post Office Departmentand all acts, or parts of acts, in-
consistent with the piovisions of this act, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed; and this act to take effect, and bi: m
force, from and after the commencement of the next fiscal
quarter after its passage."
And insert:
That to any postmaster of a distributing office at which
the commissions, allowances, and emoluments since the
3l<-t day of March, 1853, have been insufficient to defray
actual and necessary expenses,and afford the annual com-
pensation derived from commissions at the office before the
said 31 ht of Maich, the Postmaster General, may, in his dis-
cretion, allow quarterly from the date aforesaid, out of the
postages collected at any such office an amount sufficient
to supply such deficiency: Provided further, That to any
postmaster of a separating ofhee, whose commissions, al-
lowance, and emolument* may be insufficient to provide
for the extra labor necessary to the prompt and efficient
performance of the duties of separating and dispatching the
mails passing through those offices, the Postmaster General
may make such quarterly allowances out of the postages
collected at such office, as he may deem sufficient to com-
pensate such extra Irtbor. This act shall take effect, and be
in force, trorn and after the commencement of the next fiscal
quarter after its passage.
Mr. BELL. I desire some explanation of the
amendment. I desire to know whether the pro-
vision is amplfe enough to supply additional clerks
in distributing: offices?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; the amendment was
made for that express purpose, it was made to
cover that under the authority of the Postmaster
General. I will state to the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, that at the time the law of 1851
was passed, a provision of this description was
made; but in a subsequent act passed there were
woids used which gave the Postmaster General a
great deal of trouble in construing the subsequent
law to repeal the discretion which existed. It is
necessary, therefore, to reinstate this discretion;
and it is substantially reinstating the old law of
1851. This has been done by the committee, on
consultation with the Department. The original
bill, as it came from the House of Representatives,
was not sufficiently full. It made no provision
for the separating offices, which are very neces-
sary; and besides, it went back to 1851. The dif-
ficulties have occurred in these offices since 1853;
and the amendment reported to the Senate by the
committee, after consultation with the Postmaster
General, only operates since March, 1853.
Mr. BELL. I do not understand what the
difference is between the offices called separating
offices and distributing offices.
Mr. RUSK. A distributing office is where
letters are distributed to various offices. They
send certain mails from one quarter of the country
to another, northern and southern, and they are
distributed at particular offices. As to separating
offices, New Orleans is an instance. Mails go to
