1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Wi-
that the Government never could make full com-
pensation for the sacrifices of its soldiers. It was
not known how long the war would last, but there
was a common understanding, as those who were
members of the House at the time can bear testi-
mony, although nothing forma! was done to that
effect, that if the war lasted any considerable length
of time, in addition to the seven dollars per month,
bounty land would be granted, not as a gratuity,
but* as compensation for the services of the sol-
diers. Do you consider, when a man leaves his
home and business, and served in Mexico six,
twelve, or eighteen months, at seven dollars a
month, and you make him a grant of one hundred
and sixty acres in addition to the seven dollars a
month, that you are making him a gratuity ? No,
sir; you are paying a debt of high moral obliga-
tion; an obligation which, although not strictly
legal, is entirely equitable. When you grant the
-widow and orphan children, whose husband and
father fell upon the battle-field, and shed his blood
in defense of the lights of his country, one hun-
dred and sixty acres for the loss of their husband
and father, do you call that a gratuity? No, sir,
it is the payment of a debt; and so m every sol-
itary instance, according to my humble judgment,
the Federal Government never has granted, nor
has it any right to grant, by way of a mere gra-
tuity for the citizens of any State, any amount of
money out of the Federal Treasury.
It is said, however, if this be done, why not
provide for the destitute and insane of the different
States? The cases are altogether different. One
is the case where individuals have rendered ser-
vice to the Federal Government, and all are
equally bound to pay them; the other is where
the Federal Government has no jurisdiction what-
ever, and there is no connection between them and
the Federal Government. That is the distinction
I draw, and it is one of the reasons, among
others, why I cannot vote for the bill. I have
other reasons, but I will not consume the time of
the Senate further by giving them.
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed to enter
into any discussion of this bill. I submitted a
few remarks on the subject the other day. I wish,
however, to propose an amendment. J
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator permit me to
say a few words in reply to my colleague?
Mr. STUART. That can be done when the
amendment has been proposed. This hill, in all
its substantial provisions, was very carefully con-
sidered by the Committee on Public Lands. There
is language in it, however, which was contained !
in what inay be called the old bill, which is not
proper. The attention of the members of the j
committee has been called to it again, and also the
attention of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] one of the members of the committee; and
it is agreed that it may be amended, which can be
done by unanimous consent, in the second section,
4th, 5th, and 6th lines.
The bill, as it now stands, is:
" And whenever there are public lands in a State worth
$1 25 per acre, the value of sairi lands to be deterinim-d by
the Governor of said Stale, the quanhty to which said State
shall be entitled shall be selected from such lands," &c.
The intention of the committee was to allow
the States in which lands he, subject to entry at i
$1 25 per acre, to select the lands within that State. I
1 propose, therefore, to ask theunanimous consent j
of the Senate to make an amendment, by striking ,
out the word 4< worth,"and the words " the value !
of said lands to be determined by the Governor '
of said State," and inserting in place of the word
" worth" the words "subject to sale;" so that
the clause will read:
"And whenever there are public land? in a State, sub-
ject to sale at $1 25 per acre, the quantity to which said
State shall be entitled shall be selected from such lands,"
&c.
That will give uniformity. The language, as it
now stands, might allow the Governor of one
State to determine one standard, and the Governor
of another State another standard. I think there
will be no objection to the amendment; it is pre-
cisely what the committee intended.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to by unanimous consent. It is proper.
It makes it what was intended.
Mr. ADAMS. I object to it. I would rather
have the bill as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the chair.) The Senator from Mississippi ob-
jects; the amendment, therefore, cannot be made.
Mr. BROWN; I wish to say, before the de-
bate progresses further, for the purpose of avoid-
ing any mistake or misapprehension, that 1 have
not meant, as the drift of my colleague's remarks
this morning would seem to indicate him to under-
stand me as meaning, that I object, in any degree,
to the grants of lajids which have been made to
States heretofore for school purposes, internaf im-
provements, or as bounty lands, i think they are
all right and proper.
Mr. ADAMS. If my colleague will allow me,
I will state that I did not misunderstand him. I
was only showing the difference between those
grants and this one. I understood him to say that
he thought them all right.
Mr. BROWN. 1 introduced them simply for
the purpose of showing that the Government has
heretofore exercised the power of giving away the
lands.
Mr. STUART. I am very sorry, sir, that the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] makes ob-
jection to this amendment. I hope he will review
his decision. It is a matter in which I believe the
Senate very generally concur; and it seems to me
that difficulties, practical difficulties, will occur
unless it is made. I do not wish to resort to a
motion to recommit the bill, but 1 certainly, with
my views of propriety, shall be obliged to do so
for this purpose, unless the amendment can be
made by unanimous consent. I suggest, if the
Senator's objection arises from his opposition to
the amendment itself, that he should give his con-
sent that the amendment may be offered, and the
sense of the Sen-ate taken upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. I am willing to consent to that.
I will not object to having the question taken
upon the amendment, so as to let the majority ol
the Senate determine upon it.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will then consent
to let the amendment be proposed, and have the
sense of the Senate taken upon it. By unanimous
consent that can be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
objection, that wiil be done; the question will be
put upon the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. That certainly, under the rules
of the Senate, cannot be done, if objection is made
to the amendment. i
Mr. STUART. Unanimous consent is given j
to take the sense of the Senate upon it. j
Mr. BADGER. But that is not unanimous j
consent to the amendment. If the honorable i
Senator from Mississippi wishes to embarrass ;
has extended to the business of my State every
consideration and favor which I have asked for
it. I was in a minority in the comrftittee which
reported this bill, the only member of that com-
mittee who was not in favor of it. The details
of the bill have been well considered, and I think
are in quite as g;ood a shape as those of any sim-
ilar measfire which has been presented to the Sen-
ate. My objections go to the principles upon
which it rests. I dissent from all the reasons
which have been urged by the Senators who have
spoken in advocacy of this measure. I regard it
as "distribution" in a worse shape than any
that was ever devised or presented to the nation.
I would greatly prefer the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] which looks
directly to the distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among the States of the-
Union, and directly from its National Treasury.
That has, what is a very great recommendation
to me, the merit at least of boldness. It neither
disguises nor covers up anything, nor does it at-
tempt to dictate to sovereign States what they
shall do with the means which are placed at their
disposal.
Being unwilling to take up the time of the Sen-
ate, and as I know my friend from Vermont is
exceedingly anxious to obtain a vote upon his bill,
I will content myself with sayingthat I sympathize
most cordially with the views expressed by the
two Senators from Virginia, in opposition to this
measure, and those so ably and zealously enforced
against it by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Adams,] who sits on this side of the Chamber.
With these Senators I concur m thinking that it is
highly mexpedientto distribute the lands or their
proceeds among the States. When once begun I
cannot see where it is to end. Objects calculated
to excite our sympathy will be constantly pre-
sented, and will be enforced as this has been, by
strong appeals to all the more humane and gener-
ous feelings of our nature. When once the States,
and societies and communities within their bor-
ders, begin to taste of this Treasury pap, I fear
that their appetites will be whetted and increased
by that upon which they will have fed. The great
evil in all of our legislation,and it is theevilof the
times, is excess. This National Government of
ours was made to conduct the foreign affairs of
the confederated States, and to perform certain
other general functions looking to peace and war,
commerce, and other great matters which could
not be managed by the States in their separate
the bill on account of a technical amendment, he ji capacity. Let it not then depart from the purposes
can do so.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not wish to do that. I do
not object to having; the sense of the Senate taken
upon it. I prefer the bill as it stands, and I am
not willing to give my individual consent to it;
but I am willing to give my consent to have a vote
upon it.
Mr. FOOT. If I understand the rule, it is this:
An amendment is offeied which requites the
unanimous consent <>f the Senate. The question
being stated to the Senate, if no one interposes an
objection, the amendment is considered to be in-
corporated into the bill and adopted; and no ob-
jection being made, I suppose the amendment is
adopted.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me very clear that we
cannot amend the bill on the third reading. That
is the rule. But unanimous consent of the Senate
can dispense with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi adhere to his objection?
Mr. ADAMS. I will not object to the recep-
tion of the amendment on account of its not being
in order. I will give my consent to have it brought
into the Senate, and then I shall ask a vote upon
it, because I am not in favor of the amendment
itself.
Mr. STUART. That is all that is necessary.
for which it was formed, and commence the work
of establishing eleemosynary institutions within
the borders of sovereign States, if it even be for
! the praiseworthy object of benefiting the indigent
i insane.
I It is not wirhin the legitimate sphere for which
1 this Government was formed; and having no power
! to enforce or carry out the objects which it is indi-
, rectly undertaking by this bill, its purposes and
j wishes will be disregarded and set at nought.
Funds going as these will, to be scrambled for m
the State Legislatures, rarely accomplish much
| good. They are dealt with very differently from
' those which are raised by a direct tax upon the
| people, for whose benefit the expenditure is to be
j made. Sir, the times are most inauspicious to a
■ wise, proper, and economical administration of our
I public affairs; and one of the unfavorable symp-
i toms which meet us on every side, in my humble
: judgment, is the large majority by which I know
: this measure is destined to pass. To get rid of
' the insuperable objection to one sovereign State,
! as such, holding large bodies of land within
■ another, the bill provides that the distributive
I share of each shall be received in land scrip,
so called; which she is allowed to peddle in the
| market, but not locate in her own name, and, in
1 my opinion, is a giant stride toward what is termed
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no ! land monopoly, than which nothing could entail
objection, the Chair will put the question upon
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I do
not rise to delay a vote upon this bill, or to inter-
pose any obstacle to its passage. It is due to its
dignified and courteous author [Mr. Foot] that
I, at least, should afford him every opportunity
to bring the Senate to a decision upon a measure
in which he feels so much interest. He is a
member of the Committee on Public Lands, and
upon the people among whom it exists a greater
curse. Ten millions of scrip, or bank paper in
another form, is to be thrown into the market as
soon as it can be issued under the provisions of
this hill. This scrip will be bought up by specu-
lators, who will go with it by the cord or bale to
the new States and Territories, and enter the lands
along the lines of our contemplated railroads, and
in all desirable localities. Its practical operation
will be seriously to dimmish to the struggling poor
the benefits of a homestead, which) I trust in God,
