THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1854.
New Series....No. 81.
New Orleans, directed to California, to Arkansas,
and to Texas, and other places, and there they
must be separated. Such are separating offices,
and they require a considerable amount of labor.
Mr. BELL. And I understand the provisions
of the amendment apply to both descriptions of
offices ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir, to both descriptions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to state a fact in con-
nection with this bill. I do not understand pre-
cisely how it comes up now, but I will ask the
Senator from Texas is the bill upon its passage ?
Mr. RUSK. The bill passed the House of
Representatives providing for the increase of
deputy postmasters.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, if it has already passed
there, I am happy to hear it. I wanted to show
the absolute necessity which exists for such a pro-
vision, and I thought I could (jo so by the simple
statement of a fact; but if it has passed, it is un-
necessary to say anything about it.
Mr. RUSK. There is a typographical error
which will require to be corrected. The 30th of
March, occurs in one place, evidently by mistake.
It should be the " 31st of March."
The PRESIDENT. That correction will be
made.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and was
ordered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered
to be read a third time, was read a third time, and
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk.
Mr. President : The House of Representatives lias passed
a bill entitled " An act to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas," in which I am directed to ask the
concurrence of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore subsequently
announced the bill to the Senate on its first reading.
The bill having been read a first time,
The PRESIDENT said: The bill will now have
its second reading, with a view to reference, if
there be no objection. ;
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the second reading j
of that bill out of its regular order. !
The PRESIDENT. Then it goes over until J
to-morrow. ;
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS. j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to have called ,
up, and acted upon, a resolution which I submitted !
some time ago, under the directions of the Com- j
mittee on Pensions, to provide for the distribution j
to new members of the Senate of the same num- ;
ber of Mayo & Moulton's edition of the pension j
and bounty land laws, as was ordered at the last
session.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
call up that resolution at this time. It is time to
proceed to the consideration of the special order.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do not think there
will be any objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER.
Yes, sir; there will be oppo-
sition to it.
Mr. JONES. It is important to have it acted
upon. I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. WELLER. It can be disposed of as well
in the morning hour to-morrow as to-day.
The motion of Mr. Jones, of lowff, to con-
sider the resolution was agreed to.
The resolution is as follows;
Resolved, That the joint resolution of tile 24th ot Feb-
ruary, 1854, for supplying new members of the present
Congress with all such books of a public character in the
same proportion as were furnished to members of either
House at the last Congress, embraces Mayo & Moulton's
edition of the pension and bounty land laws, See., in the
proportion of eight copies to each of the said new members,
and that the Secretary of the Senate shall so understand
and execute the said resolution.
Mr. WELLER. I do not suppose that it is
worth while to interpose any objection to the res-
olution. It has been the custom heretofore for
the Houses of Congress to distribute books among
themselves. For my part, I have a great many
81
more now than I want. I hope the vote will be
taken now, as I desire to make a motion.
The question was taken; and the President de-
clared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I did not understand
that there was any objection made to the passage
of the resolution. I did not know that the Senator
from California made any objection to it. I
thought he was in favor of it. It is simply to
give to new members, who have come in since
the passage of the resolution of last year, the
same number of those books which the old mem-
bers have received—that is, eight. The new
members have each received one, and the resolu-
tion proposes to allow seven more copies to each.
M r. WELLER. 1 would ask the honorable
Senator whether any restriction as to the price is
to be put upon these books ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The price was fixed
originally. The sum which was paid for those
received by the old members will be paid for these.
Thequestion was taken; and no quorum voted.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WELLER. I appeal to my friend from
Iowa to suffer this resolution to pass over until
to-morrow. Some of us have not yet examined
this book. If it be a valuable one to the country
generally, we shall be disposed to vote for the
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of lowa.jl am one of the old
members, and have received my number of copies.
I have, therefore, no personal interest in the res-
olution; but I dislike to see this distinction made
of giving to old and not to new members.
Mr. WELLER. I am a new member, and
[ 1 speak for myself, and say 1 do not want them.
: Mr. ADAMS. You may speak forme, too.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the Senator does not
want them, I will take his number and dispose of
them.
Mr. WELLER. At all events I want to look
at the book first before 1 give my vote towards
making the people pay for it. If I want one of
the books 1 can buy it. I move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow, in order that the Seriate may proceed j
to the consideration of the indigent insane bill.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL.
Mr. WELLER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the indigent
insane bill.
Mr. BELL. 1 suggest whether it would not
be better for us to go on, and finish the Indian
appropriation bill now, and not take it up and
then lay it by for several days, as we have already
done. I trust that the Senate will proceed to dis-
pose of that bill some way or other.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post- !
poning all prior orders, for the purpose of taking i
up the indigent insane bill. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understand that the In- !
dian appropriation bill comes up as the unfinished j
business, and the motion made by the Senator j
from California is to postpone it. 1 hope the Sen-
ate will not agree to that motion. We have been
discussing the Indian bill for several weeks by
piecemeal; and I think that now when we have a
fair prospect of finishing it" to-day, we ought to
proceed with it. I believe that, all other circum-
stances being equal, it is better to pursue one sub-
ject at a time. I do not see any pressing urgency
for the discussion of the veto; but I do see a great
deal of necessity for coming to an early determin-
ation on the Indian appropriation bill. There
are, Mr. President, appropriations contained in
that bill, which ought to have been passed, and
the money expended; and the goods and annuities
to be purchased under them ought to have been
on the Missouri river at this very moment. The
Indian service is absolutely suffering for want of
the appropriations contained in the bill. I hope
the Senate, therefore, will not consent to its post-
ponement.
Mr. WELLER. My desire is that the Senate
shall proceed to vote upon this question, and not
consume, as we have been accustomed to consume,
a whole day in discussing a question of the mere
priority of business. .Therefore 1 refrain from
making any remarks, and hope we shall not con-
sume the day in debating whether we shall do
anything.
Mr. JOHNSON. Without expressing any
opinion in regard to that, or in regard to what is
involved in the abandonment of the Indian appro-
priation bill, I wish to say, that the amendment
which is now pending has been before the body
for days, and days, and days. Yesterday it
seemed to be pretty well understood; but pass it
over for two or three days, and it will not be un-
derstood at all. Unless you have the discussion
fresh at the time, you cannot keep facts in the
minds of Senators, in the midst of a thousand
other things which they have to think of. This
bill has never had a whole day's discussion, that
I recollect, since it came up. On the contrary,
when it has been taken up at the beginning of the
day, it has been laid aside before the day passed;
ana wjien other things have been taken up in the
beginning of the day, that has been taken up and
considered at the heel of the day. It has been
considered by piecemeal, as my colleague remarks
—piece by piece, and his patience and courtesy
have consented to give way whenever a Senator
asked permission to go on with some other matter.
Certainly, 1 think that his patience has exempli-
fied itself here to an extraordinary extent; and it
seems to me now, while there is yet something
fresh upon the subject of this Indiaie appropriation
bill upon the minds of the Senators from the debate
which has taken place, it would be well to go on at
least, and dispose of the pending amendment.
I therefore sincerely hope that the Senate will
not postpone this bill for the consideration of the
veto message, which is a mere outside discussion,
for everybody knows that the debate on that can-
not end in the passage of the indigent insane bill
Mr. BROWN. Sly vote depends altogether
upon circumstances. If any Senator is prepared
to go on with the discussion of the indigent insane
bill, I am prepared to vote to takeitup, but unless
there is an understanding that some Senator desires
to address the Senate on that subject now, there
can be no propriety in taking it up. We know
that the discussion has not closed on it, and I do
not myself know of any Senator who desires to
be heard at this time. If theSenator from Virginia
or any other Senator desires to be heard, I am
willing to vote to take up the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator
from Michigan is prepared to go on.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator desires to go on
I will vote to take up the bill.
Mr. CASS. I have not the slightest desire to
go on now. 1 intended to addiess the Senate this
morning, if the question came up; but it is a mat-
ter of the most perfect indifference lo me. 1 have
no wish about it. [ will, however, say it strikes
me that there are some strong reasons why the
Indian appropriation bill should be taken up.
Mr. BROWN. 1 think so too.
Mr. CASS. If the Senate desire to go on
with the consideration of that bill, I am indiffer-
ent about addressing the Senate on the other.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope we shall go on and
finish one thing at a time. If the Senator from
Michigan desires to address the Senate to-day
upon the indigent insane bill, I hope it will be kept
before the Senate until it is disposed of; or, if we
go on with the Indian appropriation bill, that it
will .be kept before the Senate until it is passed. It
is a very singular way of doing business to take
up a bill and discuss it one day, and then lay it
aside and take up another bill, and discuss it on
the next day.
Mr. BUTLER I want the judiciary bill taken
up.
Mr.'STUART. I wish to make a suggestion
for the consideration of Senators. If we will take
up th'e veto message and postpone it until Mon-
day next, we shall be certain of disposing of the
Indian appropriation bill in the mean time; and it
seems to me that if, as has been-suggested, we
