THE CONGBrESSIONAI. GLOBE.
March 8,
Congress will grant them at its present session.
There is no aspect in which I can view its opera-
tion which does not appear to me most prejudicial
to .the best-interests of the Government and people.
I differ entirely from those who think that this
measure rests upon the principles which govern
Congress in making certain grants .of land to the
n&w States, or that members from .those.States are
palled upon in the exercise of a fair liberality.,to-
wards the old States to vote for this measure. The
sixteenth section, and other grants made to the
new States, were offered as inducements to your
.citizens to encounter the hardships, privations, and
dangers incident to the settlement of your distant,
valueless and savage territory. Some of the grants
to the new States slightly squint towards compen-
sating them for a forced surrender, at the time of
their admission, of the almost unalienable right to
tax the property of the great landlord, who has
thus far done little more than to receive and carry
off the last dollar of our citizens for land priced
at $1 25 per acre, which, but for the labor and toil
of those citizens who settled upon and improved
it, would never have been sold for six and a quar-
ter cents the acre.
But, sir, I know that a majority of the Senate
are favorable to the bill, and I will not delay its
passage. I know what 1 have said is unwelcome
to its friends, and especially to the worthy Sena-
tor from Vermont, whose patience and urbanity
all have witnessed during thesomewhat protracted
discussion upon this bill.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Chase, Clayton,
Dawson, Dodge ol Wisconsin, Everett, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, <5eyer,Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Jones ofTennessee,
Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Thomp-
son, of Kentucky, Wade, and Walker—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alcbt^on, liutler, Cass, Clay,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Mason, Pettit, Wel-
ler, and Williams—12.
So the bill was passed.
On the motion of Mr. FOOT, the title of the
bill was amended by striking out the words " and
Territories."
VERMONT SENATORSHIP.
The Senate, on motion by Mr. PETTIT, re-
unmed the consideration of the resolution reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, affirming
the right of the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps to a seat
in the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS addressed the Senate at length
in continuation of his remarks of 3d February, in
defense of his right to hold his seat. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOOT. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 8, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STRATTON obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of the
13th ultimo, transmitting a copy of the circular
addressed by the Secretary of the Treasury to
persons engaged in manufacturing and commer-
cial pursuits, soliciting their views upon the best
mode of adjusting the tariff, so as to bring it
within the revenue standard, together with the re-
plies received from all such persons, with various
letters and documents thereby elicited, numbered
from one to fifty inclusive; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
 Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of New Jersey, instructing their Senators and re-
questing their Representatives to use their efforts
to procure an appropriation by Congress of
$290,000 for the improvement of the navigation
and the protection of the harbors along the sea-
board from Sandy H,ook to Cape May; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. .1 have a re-
port to make of a territorial bill, which I, presume
is in order at this time.
The SPEAKER. The report will be received.
CLERKS FOR COMMITTEES.
Mr. STANTON. Before the bill is read I ask
the permission of the House to enable me to offer a
resolution, which is rendered necessary by the in-
vestigation required to be made by the Committee
on the Judiciary, by resolution of the day before
yesterday.
The resolution I desire to offet is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to employ a clerk, whose compensation shall be
the same as ihat of the clerks employed by other standing
committees.
I will merely say that, in the judgment of the
committee, the investigation which was ordered
the day before yesterday, with reference to the
Gardiner claim, renders itabsolutely necessary that
we should have the Services of a clerk. That is
all I have to say.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The Select
Committee, of which I have the honor to be chair-
man, on the subject of military superintendence
of civil works, have instructed one of their mem-
bers to make the same request on behalf of that
committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was instructed to make
that request, and this is the resolution which X de-
sire to offer:
Resolved, That the Select Committee appointed to inquire
into the propriety of military superintendence over civil
works be authorized to employ a clerk, at a compensation
not to exceed four dollars per day.
I would simply remark to the House, that it will
be utterly impossible for the select committee to
make the investigation with which they have been
charged—to send for persons and papers, and ex-
amine witnesses—without this assistance. 1 there-
fore offer my resolution as an amendment to the
resolution of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have the
first resolution read over again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that that reso-
lution is offered in consequence of the duty im-
posed on the committee for investigating the Gard-
iner fraud. I hope, therefore, that a proviso will
be annexed to the resolution, that when that
investigation is concluded, the clerk shall be dis-
missed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 have no ob-
jection to that modification.
The SPEAKER. Then the modification will
be made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Faulk-
ner's amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Is it in order now to
amend the original resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LANE. At the request of the chairman of
the Committee on Private Land Claims, I move
so to amend the resolution as to authorize that
committee to employ a clerk.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This resolution was intro-
duced by the unanimous consent of the House,
and must be disposed Of. The objection to it
comes too late.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Lane.]
The question was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. COBB. I endeavored to get the floor to
object to the introduction of the resolution in the
first place. The Gardiner proposition has not as
yet been fairly acted upon. I now move to lay
the resolution upon the table.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table; there being,
on a division, only nine votes m the affirmative.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
SALARIES IN OREGON.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have been
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report and recommend the -passage of " A bill to
increase the salaries of executive and judiciary
officers in Oregon and New Mexico," with two
amendments. 1 am not disposed to make any mo-
tion in reference to it. If the Delegates from those
Territories who are interested in its passage choose
to let it go to the Committee of the Whole on the
sfate of the Union, I shall not make the slightest
objection. If it go to that committee it will be
taken up and considered within the three territorial
days, I presume.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to refer the bill to
the-Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas, from the Committee
on Territories, to which was referred " A bill to
amend an act entitled 1 An act to settle and adjust
the expenses of the people of Oregon in defending
themselves from attacks and hostilities of the Ca-
yuse Indians, in 1847 and 1848,' approved August
21, 1852," reported the same back with a substi-
tute therefor; which, with the bill, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
PAYMENTS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back a bill without amend-
ment, and with the recommendation that it do
pass, for the payment of the civil officers employed
m the Territory of New Mexico while under mili-
tary government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to terminate all
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Unum on the Minnesota land bill within one
hour after*the committee shall have resumed the
consideration of the subject.
Mr. KERR. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. Let the gentleman from Illinois make it two
hours.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Very well; let it be so.
Then I move that the debate close within two
hours after it has been resumed.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. It appears to me,
Mr. Speaker, that the motion made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories ought to pre-
vail. Three days have been set apart for the con-
sideration of territorial business. One day has
been already consumed in the discussion of this
bill; and if debate be not stopped, the question will
be discussed for the next two days, and not a bill
relating to any other Territory will be touched.
I ask the House, therefore, that debate on the
Minnesota land bill be stopped within two hours
after its consideration shall have been resumed,so
that the committee may have an opportunity of
considering other bills; or else that the House
may set apart some other day for their considera-
tion.
Mr. HENN. I move to amend the motion
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
abdson,] by striking out the words " two hours,"
and inserting " one hour;" and on that I ask the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded—75 mem.
bers rising—and the main question was ordered
to be put.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and, on a division, there were—53 in the affirm-
ative.
Tellers were demanded, but were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then put upon the adoption
of the resolution; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the passage of the following bill, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered:
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am very desirous to
get along with the business before the committee,
