2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr, PHELPS. If the House wil! allow me to
explain for a moment, 1 think there will be no ob-
jection to that joint resolution being put upon its
passage. An act was passed in 1846 authorizing
a settlement to he made with Mr. Leavenworth.
Since that time Mr. Leavenworth has died. And
the object of the resolution is to authorize the
proper accounting officers to pay to his heirs and
legal representatives the money which was appro-
priated for his benefit by the act of 1846. I ask
that the resolution may be read, and 1 hope no
objection will b"e made to its being put upon its
The resolution was read in externa by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
the damages were awarded for?
Mr. PHELPS. I think it was in reference to
some mail contract. I am not acquainted with the
circumstances of the passage of the original act of
1846, but this is merely to pay to the heirs and
legal representatives of this man the money which
would have been paid to him under that act if he
had lived.
Mr. LETCHER). I think it had better be ex-
amined before we pass it. 1 move to refer it to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Senate bill "for the relief of Magdalena Van
Ness, widow of Cornelius P. Van Ness, de-
cease^." Read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. Is it in order to move
to put that bill on its passage?
The SPEAKER, it is not.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to put it upon its passage.
Mr. HENDRICKS, t object.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Can I move to sus-
pend the rules?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
while the House is acting under a suspension of
the rules.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Senate bill " for the relief of David F. Douglass,
late marshal of the northern district of California."
Read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims
Senate bill " to establish certain additional post
roads," was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that is
made unnecessary by the general post route bill,
which was passed the other day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that it was
passed subsequently to the passage ot the bill to
which the gentleman refers, and is for the purpose
of supplying omissions in that bill.
Mr. EDDY. Is it in order to amend the bill?
The SPEAKER. Not unless there be no ob-
jection.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
, and it was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
House bill " for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Matthew Jack,deceased," returned from the Sen-
ate with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike out
the words ''together wiih interest on the same."
The question was takSnjand the amendment
was concurred in.
House bill " to provide a pension for Captain
Thomas Porter," returned from the Senate with
an amendment.
The amendment was to strike out lines twelve,
thirteen, and fourteen, of the bill, which read as
follows:
" And the amount found due under the provisions of this
actstiafl be paid to tlie children of Mid Thomas Porter."
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Senate bill " for the relief of Sherman Pierce;"
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
[Mr. HENN from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, the bill" mak-
ing appropriations for the repair, preservation, ancf
completion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law;" which there-
upon received the signature of the Speaker.]
Senate bill " allowing exchanges, and granting
rtditiopal school lands in the several States which
contain public lands;" read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Senate bill " to provide for taking charge of the
Louisville and Portland canal, and to prevent the
same from failing into bad repair;" read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Senate bill "granting thft right of way to the
Marysville andBenicia railroad through and over
the grounds of the United States, at Benicia, Cali-
fornia;" was read a first and second time by its title,
ordered to a third reading, and was accordingly
read the third time, and was subsequently passed.
Senate bill " to authorize the title of the United
States to lot No. ^0, in square No. 160, to be con-
veyed to F. A. VVIntney;" read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Senate bill " to provide for the surrender of cer-
tain bonds of the litate of Indiana, and held by
the United States."
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to that bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 trust that the gen-
tleman who objected to this bill will withdraw his
objection. H is of great interest to my State.
Mr. EDGERTON. I understand all about this
case. Let it go to the Committee on Claims.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Senate resolution " to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to retain the present force in the
General Land Office till the next session of this
Congiess."
Mr. LETCHER. Let that be sent to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Senate bill " for the relief of Elliott Smith, Wil-
liam C. Greene, and Nathan Farnsworth;" read
a first ana second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Senate bill " for the relief of Henry S. Sanford;"
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Semite bill "to amend the 1 Act requiring foreign
regulations of commerce to be laid annually before
Congress,'approved August 19,1842,and for other
purposes."  
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope that
last bill will be put upon its passage. 1 rise, at
the request of the Secretary of State, to offer a
report here on the subject, but it is not necessary
to have it read. The object of the bill is to have
these foreign statistics published, and laid before
Congress.
.Several Members. Read the bill.
The bill was read in extenso by the Clerk.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the request
of the gentleman from Georgia will be complied
with, and that the bill will be passed. It is cer-
tainly of the highest importance.
Mr' PENNINGTON. 1 object to its being
put upon its passage.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. OLDS. 1 desire to make a report from a
committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that is done, I
wish to move to reconsider the vote by which a
pension bill for the relief of Captain Thomas
Porter was referred, upon my motion, in order
that we may take it up and agree to a Senate
amendment thereto.
The bill (No 270) was read for information.
It provides for placing upon the pension roll the
name of Captain Thomas Porter, at the rate of
twenty dollars a month for the time therein speci-
fied. .
No objection being made, the bill was taken up.
Mr. H ENDRICKS. The Seriate have amended
the bill by striking out the words:
And ihe amount found due under the provisions of ihis
act, phali be paid to the children of said Captain Thomas
Porter.
I movethattheHouseconcur in thatamendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to make a report from the
committee of conference on the Post Office biil.
It is as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote of
the two Houses on bill (No. 336) entitled t4An act making
appropriations for thp Pn^t Office Department for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1855, having met, after lull
and tree conference, do agree to the following report:
That the Hou>e agree to recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and concur wiih t!ie
Senate in its third amendment, with the following amend-
ment thereto 2
Strike out of said third amendment these words: "the
said allowance to commence with the fiscal year, beginning
July 1,1853, and to be computed for the first year from the
ascertained weight for the month of January, 1854," and
insert in lieu thereof the following :
"This allowance to commence with the passage of this
act, and to continue for one year only, and to be computed
from the ascertained weight tor the month of January,
1854."
The Senate agree to recede from its fourth and fifth
amendment. JACKSON MOllTON,
W. K. SEBASTIAN,
I. P. WALKER,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
EDSON n. OLT}s*,
JOSEPH R. CHANDLER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The third amendment, to which the committee
recommend a concurrence, with an amendment,
relates to the additional allowance to the clerks in
the city post office, it is already understood by
the House.
The fourth and fifth amendments, from which
the Senate recede, are sections five arid six, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 5. be it further enacted, That the surviving
late Vice President ot the United States shall have, during
his life, the same authority to frank letters, and other mail
matter, which he possessed while m office. And the same
authority shall belong to future Vice Presidents after they
go out of office.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted. That the Postmaster
General be, and he i.> hereby, authorized to pay to Grans-
ton Lowric a reasonable compensation for performing the
dunes of two de>ks in the Post Office Department, not to
exceed half pay of a clerk for the tune he was so employed*
The question now being upon the adoption of
the report of the committee of conference, it was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the report was adopted.
Mr. OLDS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGrKRSOLL. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 420, for the relief of Henry S. Sanford.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Connecticut that the bill to.which
he refers has already been taken from the Speak-
er's table, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, I move to re-
consider the vote by which it was so referred.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be entered,
but not considered while the House is acting under
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. i will submit the motion,
and call it up at the earliest opportunity.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No. 236) granting to the States
of Indiana and Illinois a portion of the public
lands, to aid in the construction of the Indiana
and Illinois Central railway.
Mr. WALSH. Does the gentleman desire to
put it upon its passage ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Pvlr. DAVIS. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will hear the
bill read, I think he will not object.
Mr. WALSH, I do object.
Mr. REESE. I ask the consent of the House
to take up for consideration Senate bill (No. 256)
for the relief of the WestFchciana Railroad, and
the G-eorgia Railroad, and Banking Companies.
Mr. WALSH. I object. The order for calling
committees for reports was given for a specific
purpose, and I shall object to everything until
that order has been executed.
Mr. LETCHER. I objected to Senate bill
(No, 428) granting: to Jasper Strong, George Fen-
ell, and their associates, the right of way for a
railroad through the reserved lands near the navy-
yard at Pensacola, in the State of Florida. I
understand now from the gentleman from Florida
