1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
and live amidst the hostiles in that little strip of
country, and this was called an equivalent!
Sir, that caps the climax, I will not say of our
inhumanity to our friends and allies who had
fought with us during that war, but it caps the
climax of our faithlessness, our utter abandon-
ment to all sense of right. It shows the perfidy
to which a nation can be sunk when it acts with-
out considering: what is to be the result of its ac-
tion. The result of that action of the Government
was to say to the friendly Creeks, "You shall
take this strip of country as an equivalent for the
lands taken from you; you shall go and live there;
and although three fourths of the nation are hos-
tiles, and never will be at peace with you, there
is plenty of room for them to live with you there,
and they shall be with you." The friendly
Creeks had been our allies. They had fought for
us, and shed their blood upon every mile of ground
through that country in every battle which was
fought. This, then,in fact, was saying to them,
" We will tie you hand and foot and deliver you
lip to the hostile^; you have no peace with them,
but you shali be butchered by them." This was
the consummation of the language which we used
towards them at the outset. Is this what was
meant when the commanding general was told—
"You may likewise inform them (the friendly Creek
Indian*) that the (Jnifd States will not forget thoir fidelity,
hut in the arrangements which may be made of the lands to
be retained as indemnity, their chums vvdl be respected."
We respected them by taking eight millions of
acres of their land for nothing!
« And such of their chiefs as have distinguished them-
selves by their exeition and valor in the common cause,
will also leceive indemnification in the ceded lands.."
We pledged ourselves to respect their claims,
and to recollect their fidelity; yet we took eight
million acres of their lands without remuneration,
and said to the friendly Indians, a minority of the
Creeks, only about one third or one fourth of the
whole nation, "You shall be bound hand and foot,
and delivered over to the hostiles." We remuner-
ated them for their valor and fidelity, by putting
them in the midst of the hostiles to have their
thioats cut, and all of them exteiminated. Of
course they never obtained possession of this
equivalent. The hostiles always held it.
That is the manner in which we fulfilled our prom-
ises; and I am sorry to say that many Senators.here
seem to regard this as a fulfillment of the promise
of fidelity to these Indians for their good faith
and devotion to the whites. It appears by record
evidence, which no oral testimony can be per-
mitted to come in and dispute, that you took eight
million acres of their land. Record testimony is
the highest that can be given; and when you go
back to a transaction which occured forty or fifty
years ago, it is almost the only testimony of which
the case is susceptible.
1 had almost determined to vote against this
amendment, and I will state the reason. 1 went
through a long, tedious, and laborious investiga-
tion of this whole matter some time ago. The
Committee on Indian Affairs of the other House,
of which I was a member, examined the subject
thoroughly. We unanimously came to the con-
clusion that the claim ought to be allowed. There
was but one dissenting voice in the committee,
and that was a member from the State of Texas,
who refused to come to the committee and submit
his objections to them, and let thecommittee have
the light of his investigations. Those of the com-
mittee who did make the investigation deckled
unanimously that it was indisputable that eight
millions of acres of land were taken from these
Indians without consideration or compensation.
Then there were lands occupied by the Cherokees,
which we refused to pay the Creeks for, because
there was a doubt as to the title of the Creeks.
We also took lands, under similar circumstances,
from some other tribe of Indians, whose name I do
not now recollect, which did, in fact, belong to the
Creeks. Taking these cases altogether, it ap-
peared that we took from these Indians sixteen or
seventeen millions of acres of land, their title to
which was so strong that a white man never
would have given it up. Laying aside these other
matters, however, that committee admitted our
obligation to pay for the eight millions of acres
taken from them by the capitulation of 1814 We
then called upon the Executive Department to
report to us what lands had been sold by the In-
dians throughout the South to the United States
from ail the tribes, and the aggregate amounts
wmch we had bought and paid for. We wished
to ascertain the entire number of acres purchased,
the quantity paid for each purchase, and the ag-
gregate amount and number, so as to ascertain the
pro rata amount which had been given for the
several purchases per acre. The Department fur-
nished us with a statement by which it appeared
that the average price per acre was twenty cents;
and the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, acting with an eye singly to the justice of
the case and the honor of the country—for the
honor of the country is something—reported that
that average puce ought to be paid to the Creek
nation of Indians; and we reported a provision
for the payment, which amounted to $1,700,000.
The committee of the Senate having charge of the
subject now reports the claim for $500,000. Sir,
if 1 were a Creek Indian, and you were to pass
the appropriation of $500,000,1 would say to you,
" if this be the reward which our fidelity gets; if
this be the faith which respects our right of owner-
ship, go, take your $500,000; I scorn to touch
your money." These are my feelings upon the
subject, and this is the way X should look at
it.
This transaction marks our records as preemi-
nently beyond every other of the perfidious acts
and infernal tyrannies which have been practiced
against the various tribes of this misguided, igno-
rant, and defenseless race. I say this without fear
of contradiction. It was my duty as chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs in the other
House, to give to the case the full devotion of my
whole mind during the time 1 investigated it. I
did so, and I worked at it lung and faithfully. Not
a single member of the nine gentlemen on that
committee, except the one who refused to inves-
tigate the case at all, ever entertained a doubt
upon the subject. This was in the other House,
where there are geneially to be found upon every
committee some who are as hard to satisfy, even
on clear matters, as are to be found in any other
collective body of men that I ever knew. After
the investigation we gave the subject, we came to
the conclusion which 1 have stated.
.Now, the Committee on Indian Affairs of this
body unanimously report, I understand, in favor
of the recognition of the claim; but they cut it
down to $500,000, on a ground which it seems to
me is hardly tenable after fifty years. It is the
ground spoken of by the Senator from Georgia,
that the land in this country was not worth a cent
an acre; and he cited as evidence of that the man-
ner m which his own State government had dis-
posed of her soil. If the valueof our soil is to be
judged of from the manner m which we disposeof
tt, it will be judged in many States to be worth
nothing, for it is well known to be good policy to
give away some lands when it is considered that
national wealth depends upon the existence of a
sound population, and not upon the money which
is m the Treasury.
But, sir, to return to the point. The committee
of this body, after mature investigation—and I
know the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wal-
ker,] who presented the amendment, investigated
the case fully—has reported m favor of the allow-
ance proposed. The committee of the House of
Representatives of this Congress also reported ;
favorably on this case. They both base their re- j
ports on no single authority, but what is found on !
the actual, indisputable records of the Govern-
ment, with the seal of State marked upon every
page. Now, we have been working at this matter
for three or four days. It has been treated in a
curious way. Jt has been taken up oqe day, han-
dled a little while, a few facts evolved, and then
laid over; and in two or three days afterwards it
is taken up again, and so it goes on. Thus we
have proceeded until the consideration of the matter
has become an annoyance to the body, and the j
subject has sunk beneath disgust. If I were to j
vote against this appropriation, as I felt somewhat j
inclined to do, there is but one reason for it; and j
it is, that the amount proposed to be appropriated
is a scandalous reduction from the amount justly
due to the Indians. Both the committee of the
Senate and the committee of the House, after full
investigation, and on the faith of record evidence,
were unanimous that the claim was right, and
ought to be settled. Under these circumstances,
1 shall support the amendment.
Mr. BEuL. I think, if my speech were to be
printed byitself, theremarksof theSenatorwould
be a somewhat unreasonable Interpolation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The fact that he had the floor had escaped me
entirely.
Mr. BELL. I did not intend to make a speech
at all; but I wish simply to say to the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, that I think he has rather
misstated what the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama undertook to state. I did not understand
the Senator from Alabama as stating that the
other country which he suggested was pointed
out or assigned at the time of the treaty. He did
not pretend to add anything to the record.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I have totally misun-
derstood him.
Mr. BELL. I understood him distinctly to
state that the country of which he spoke belonged
to the hostiles, and that it ought to be taken into
consideration as part of the reservation; but he
did not undertake to state at all that it was
pointed out, or was so considered at the time of
the capitulation.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that be so, I was cer-
tainly mistaken as to the remarks of the Senato**
from Alabama.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My honorable friend
from Tennessee has done me but bare justice in
the statement which he has just made. 1 have
not contended that lands south of the Tallapoosa
river were set apart by General Jackson as a
home for the friendlyor the hostile Indians. I
never alleged that any portion of thatcountry was
set apart for this or that portion of the tribe, but
that it was a portion of the hostile country which
perhaps Geneial Jackson had stated the friendly
Creeks might use in common with the others, if
they saw proper.
Mr. BELL. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator to contend that other country besides that
between the Coosa and Tallapoosa was left to the
hostiles; but there, I think, is the defect of his
statement, if he intended to affect the argument
on which his amendment was supported, his state-
ment is defective in this: that it appears this was
not considered, at the time of the capitulation, as
reserved as an indemnity to the friendly Creeks,
but that only the country between the Coosa and
Tallapoosa was so considered. I understand from
the honorable Senator that there was other coun-
try occupied by them. He might have stated, I
think, with more propriety, in regard to the nature
of the transaction, as we see it detailed irr the his-
tory of the capitulation, that there was other
country which General Jackson might, according
to his view of the subject, have taken as hostile
country which he did not take.
Mr. FHZPATRlCK. That is what I in-
tended to say.
Mr. BELL. But General Jackson does not
seem to have acted upon that idea himself. He
left the other country to the friendly Creeks, as
belonging to them naturally and by former claims
and occupancy; and he assigned the country be-
tween the Coosa and Tallapoosa, which was un-
doubtedly hostile country, the very seat of war,
for the occupation of the friendly Creeks.
Sir, I have never pretended that, in my judg-
ment, this claim against the United States was
founded stridi juris. I have not said we are under
any obligation of that description to pay it; but I
based my argument on the idea that I thought
the promise held out by the Government to the
friendly Creeks had not been complied with, and
that hence the good faith and character of this
Government, in dealing with an inferior people,
like these Indians, was concerned, and that we
should make them some indemnity, or give them
some satisfaction atleast, if not the wholeamount
that they thought themselves entitled to. I think
it would be pretty extraordinary, under the cir-
cumstances, to say they should have $1,700,000,
which I understand was formerly.agreed to by a
committee, or suggested in one of the reports of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. But when
the claim is nanowed down to $500,000, it occurs
to me there is a great deal of equity m it. There
is a great deal in regard to it which does not
depend upon uncertain recollection. There is the
statement of Colonel Hawkins; there are the in-
structions to General Pinckney, which were,
handed over to General Jackson. There was an.
acknowledged departure from the instructions
wresting from the friendly Creeks a large tract of
