THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
the President of the United States has pretty suc-
cessfully stated in his message. That is: This
Government, as a proprietor of land, may make
improvements, or may assist in making improve-
ments by making grants of land, provided they
come within the true policy of a proprietor of a
large tract of land, seeking for the best price.
Edward Livingston, who owned a- large tract of
land m my county, gave away certain lots for
the'sake of the improvements upon them, which
made the other land so much more valuable. We
may do the same; but in regard to this, we must
be sure of two things in order to make that'meas-
ure constitutional; we must be certain that this
increased value of the remaining lands will be fully
equal to the value of the land given way; and not
only equal to their value when they come to be
raised or enhanced in price by time and the gen-
eral growth of the country, but equal to them
before their advancement in that way, and irre-
spective of the general growth of the country. We
must be certain that the enhanced value of theother
lands reserved arises from such improvements, and
not from the general growth of the country. A
widow is entitled to herdower in land which her
husband has alienated in his lifetime. She takes
it at the value it was when he, alienated it, exclu-
sive of subsequent improvements; but she has a
right also to the enhanced value arising from the
general progress and settlement of the country
around, and not put on by the alienee.
And so it should be with us. 1 think, there-
fore, that some of the arguments offered here, to
show that the country has grown greatly in such
cases, and that, on the whole, the remaining lands
are equal in value to that granted away, are not
precisely to the purpose; because the whole na-
tion is entitled to that gradual growth in the value
of land arising from the growing immigration and
settlement of the country; and because the en-
hanced value of the remaining land must be a
value which closely and necessarily grows out of
these very improvements, and would not, in any
state of the case, arise without them. But, sir,
under this power, given in the Constitution,
founded on proprietorship, it is not necessary that
the improvements which we aid should be national
ones—they may be merely local; and probably
for this reason, among others, it will be found that
this power, suggested by tlie President in his
message, is the most latitudinary in degree, and
moat dangerous to be exercised of any heretofore
claimed.
But, sir, there is another constitutional ground
upon which I choose to place the case before us.
The idea is not original with me, but I took it from
a learned speech in the Senate the other day, made
by a Senator from Virginia, where he quoted the
decision of the Supreme Court, and argued very
learnedly to prove the reverse of my construction
of the views of Judge Marshall. The position is
this; that the Legislature, when it legislates for a
Territory, acts in a double capacity. It acts as a
Federal Legislature, with the authority of trustee-
ship over the public domain, if you please, bound
in equity to give to each State its just Federal pro-
portion of its avails. Then it acts, in this case be-
fore us, as a Territorial Legislature. In exercising
its powers as a Territorial Legislature, Con-
gress has, in addition to its Federal powers, the
general legislative power of a State In fact it is
the mere guardian of a State in its minority. It
is the guardian of Minnesota, now about sixteen
years old.
But Congress, in its character of guardian, has
not absolute, despotic power. All the restrictions
on States in the Constitution apply to us when
acting as a State. In doing anything for Minne-
sota now we are restricted by just exactly the
restiunions as those by which the Minnesota Le-
gislature would be if she were a sovereign State,
admitted into the Union, and we, sitting in Con-
gress, were to give her her proportion of the pub-
he domain, or some of it. We are not now giving
to Minnesota her full portion. We keep an ac-
count current with her, as we do with all the States.
We propose to give her a proper proportion at a
proper time, reserving to all the States their fair
proportions. We give to her Legislature the right
to make these roads, and to dispose of these lands
now, only as part of her share in the inheritance.
If, then, this bill is so framed as to give to the Le-
gislature of Minnesota only a fair proportion of
the public domain, we ought at least so to secure
and guard it tlmtshe will not return upon us when
she becomes of age, and say that we, as her
guardian, permitted her to fool them away; as In-
diana has complained for the loss of a township
given her for a college.
Now,siivl-come to the question of expediency,
for I am sure that this doctrine is the one which
will ultimately prevail with the people in respect
to our constitutional powers. The gentleman on
my left [Mr. Kerr] admits that the practice of
the Government is such that he does not expect
to get it back again. Then why whistle against
the wind ? Why not take things'as they are? It
is better to have a future than a past, and go with
the operations of nature and laws of Providence,
that by any unreal or fanciful doctrines of our
own, however perfect we may prove them in
theory. We have, sir, exclusive legislative power
over the Territories; but not so exclusive as to
justify us in exercising a despotic Government
over them; we are to impose constitutional re-
strictions, and no other, and to grant them their
rights, and nothing more.
We should apply Minnesota's portion of the
public domain to her own use in just such a way
as a guardian would apply money for the benefit
of his ward under his charge. It does not follow,
I admit, that because we have the power we should
squander these lands. It does seem to me that,
viewing the subject as a question of expediency,
it is not unwise policy to make the grant of lanus
asked for in this case. The proposition is to make
a railroad from Lake Superior—the great Ameri-
can Mediterranean—to connect with the waters of
the M ississippi. The location of this road cannot
be mistaken; and the Legislature of Minnesota, I
have no doubt, if admitted as a State, would make
the same location. I think the location is a very
judicious and proper one, and that there will be no
trouble about it whatever. But will the road ever
be worth anything^ It connects the great Lake
Superior with the Mississippi river, and the inte-
rior with the Atlantic. We know that in the
neighborhood of Lake Superior the mineral re-
sources are very great, and are now beginning to
be developed.
I cannot avoid saying one thing to my friends
from Virginia. They go for the South and south-
ern interests, and they are right; I should pursue
the same course probably if I were a southern
man. They do not object to drawing upon the
Treasury for means wherewith to buy more south-
ern territory from Mexico and Texas, where they
find everything congenial with their institutions,
and sympathies, and habits. Why not let us of
the North do the same thing? The Territory of
Minnesota is to be settled chiefly by Yankees.
Although I do not mean to make war upon my
friends from the South, yet I cannot help remem-
bering, the very firstday I took my seat upon this
floor, the remarks made by a gentleman from South
Carolina, in reference to the Erie difficulties. He
said that we of the North must expect such trou-
ble—intimating that we had a great middling in-
terest always disagreeing and disunited, but that
they of the South were easily agreed and united.
But such evils are overbalanced by vastly greater
advantages, and that is true. But let that pass.
All I desire is, that these western lands of Min-
nesota should be occupied by our hardy yeomanry
of the North, who can cultivate and improve
them. It is not enough only to cultivate the land;
they must cultivate and be cultivated themselves,
j We read that man was made to cultivate the earth,
but we know the earth was made to cultivate him.
A people can only be made intelligent, virtuous,
free, and independent where the country is such
as to require the exercise of all our faculties, and
to demand ell the various operations of industry.
I have submitted, sir, all the remarks 1 intended
to make.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I propose to detain
the committee for a few moments only upon the
bill under consideration. Personal explanations
are always painful and hateful to me, and I would
not detain the committee for any such purpose,
did I not feel it incumbent upon me as a duty. In
! the explanation I have to make, I desire to call the
i attention of the committee to the following para-
graph contained in the speech made by the gentle-
man from Illinois on yesterday:
I " 1 suspect the time the gentleman would des're ro L'ive
j this ml'oiinntion would be after the deleat of this bill."
I Now, sir, my friendship for that gentleman is
of no ordinary character. It was cemented by
encountering the same hardships and meeting the
same dangers; and I cannot be induced to say
anything offensive to that gentleman; but I must
be permitted to remark, without intending it un-
kindly, that I envy not the man who entertains,
much less expresses, such a suspicion of any gen-
tleman in this House, and particularly when that
gentleman is a friend.
My object yesterday in refusing to give the
name of my informant, was an object which every *
gentleman would have in view; a principle of cour-
tesy by which every gentleman would be con-
trolled . And what was it ? That I might see my
informant, intending, the moment 1 did see him,
to give to the gentleman from Illinois, and to the
committee, his name. I repeat, and submit it to
every gentleman upon this floor, if it was not due
from me to my informant that I should see him
and acquaint him that I proposed to give his name?
When he made his communication to me, as re-
cited by me yesterday, I presumed, and he pre-
sumed, that the fact would never be mentioned in
this House. And let me say, that I courteously
inquired of the Delegate from Minnesota, merely
to ascertain the situation of the lands at the termini
and along the line of this road. I had no other
object in view than to ascertain whether this rumor
which I had heard was true. Certainly there was
nothing improper in that; and certainly, because
1 chose not to make the name of this gentleman
public, until I had his authority for so doing, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] does me
great injustice in entertaining or expressing such
a suspicion. I send to the Clerk's desk the fol-
lowing communications, which I ask to be read.
The following letters were then read by the
Clerk:
Washington City. March 8,1854.
Sm : In a conversation had with you several days since,
you informed me that a gentleman in this ciiy held a claim
upon six thousand acres of land, nt the Lake Superior ter-
minus of the proposed railroad from St. Paul to Lake Supe-
rior, and that he had disposed of one fourth of said claim
in this city. Pleq.se state upon what authority you made
that communication to me.
Respectfully. J. H. LANE.
Captain James Tilton. Civil Engineer, United Statea Sur-
vei/s, Washington Oity.
Washington, D. C., MarchS, 1854.
Dear Sm: I discover I wasmistaken in regard to the lo-
cation of the claim for land. It is situated twenty milea
from the terminus of the propose d road.
Abo, in regard to the «saio of one fourth of the claim, or
other purchases to be made by a gentleman now in this city.
These are entirely prospective, and contingent upon future
events, as the landt> in the vicinity of the proposed terminus
at Lake Superior are held now hy miner's titles or floats,
which will be either confirmed or annulled when the land
surveys extend over that region.
Very respectfully, yours, J. TILTON.
To Colonel J. II. Lane, £/. CWashington.
Mr. LANE, (resuming.) I gave notice here
that I would oppose this and all kindred meas-
ures; not that I was opposed to granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad in Minnesota
in particular, but that I was opposed to all meas-
ures of the sort, except the proposed grant for the
construction of the great Pacific road, which is to
connect the Atlantic with the Pacific.
This question was made an issue in the canvass
that resulted in sending me here. The homestead
policy apd the antagonistical policy of granting
lands to incorporate companies, were in issue be-
fore the people during that canvass, and the peo-
ple, in sustaining me for a seat upon this floor,
j voted in favor of the former and against the latter.
I voted, on the day before yesterday, with great
pleasure, for the homestead bill; and now, in op-
posing: this and all similar bills, I am discharging
my duty to those who sent me here, and faithfully
representing their opinions, as I understand them.
"Why do they entertain that opinion ? Why is it
that these grants to railroad companies are antag-
onistical to the homestead policy? By such grants
you say to the homeless and the landless, " you
shall not come upon the line of these roads."
Now, my first lesson in Democracy was, that we
should legislate for the whole people, and not ex-
clusively for the rich and well born. The doc-
trine of legislating for the rich, and trusting to
them to take care of the poor, has always been op-
posed by me, and hy the party to which I belong.
Entertaining, as I do, the opinion that the home-
stead bill, if passed, will result more beneficially
to this country than any m-easure that has ever
been adopted, I would not restrict its operation in
