1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
country without any suggestion or instruction on
the part of the Government. The General justi-
fied it, however, upon strong and sound political
grounds.
It has been argued here that this was for the
benefit of the friendly Creeks; but it was very
natural that they should not think it was for their
benefit. When this small tract of country be-
tween the Coosa and the Tallapoosa was pointed
out to them as the compensation they were prom-
ised for their fidelity to the United States in that
war, and they were told that the hostiles should
continue to occupy it, it was very natural that the
friendly Creeks should think, and say, that they
could not regard that as any equivalent or com-
pensation to them. It was only allowing to re-
main in the possession of the hostile Creeks a
small portion of the whole country they had for-
merly occupied—almost an entire State being ceded
by that convention. But, sir, they signed the
treaty, and, therefore, I say it is not a claim stricti
juris on this Government; though I think it is
founded on considerations which ought to be con-
sidered here equally strong, and quite impregna-
ble when assailed, unless there be other evidence
than any I have yet seen or heard.
When I first examined this claim several years
ago, the principal point which staggered my mind,
and let! me to doubt the propriety of the allow-
ance, was the fact that it had not been mentioned
in the various treaties which were made. We
made a treaty with the Creeks in 1818 or 3 819,
another in 1821 and again m 1825 and 1826, and
finally in 1832; and it struck me as singular that
this claim had never been pressed in any of those
treaties. This suggestion was made the other day
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Dawson,] not now in his place, and it was the
principal ground on which I doubted whether I
could give this claim my support, some years ago,
when Iwas a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and examined it with a good deal ofcare.
But, sir, if the honorable Senator were here now,
I would ask him to say whether at any time, when
any of those subsequent treaties were made with
these Indians, they could have been brought to
agree upon it. We know their broken condition
as a. tribe. We know the rivalry or hostility of
feeling which existed between different portions
of the nation. It was suggested the other day, as
a reason why they had not put forward the claim
before, that owing to these circumstances, they
could not agree upon the proper distribution of the
amount. The friendly Creeks naturally thought
they were entitled to the whole of it, if it was to
go to them as compensation or indemnity, and
those of the hostiles who continued to iemain
with the main tribe, and live on terms of friend-
ship and harmony, probably considered that they
were nil one nation, and that they would be
entitled to their proportion of the indemnity, if it
should be granted. That suggestion, however,
was only thrown out. I tlo not know whether
there was any foundation for it in fact, except
that I heard it mentioned as one of the causes.
But there was another cause. Was it not very I
natural, in the treaties which were made in the 1
years referred to, that these Indians who were
made, 1 will not say victims, because I do not
care to use such language in reference to that ca-
pitulation, should have avoided mentioning this
claim!' 1 eonsiderthatGeneral Jackson, upon that
occasion, in departing from his instructions, acted
on high political motives in taking the whole of !
tins country away from the friendly Creeks, ex- j
cent this little strip, and what the Senator from !
Alabama now thinks might have been called hos-
tile country, and, therefore, I will not go into that j
matter. I think it was showing very little leniency I
or mercy to a beaten and conquered people—an '
Indian tribe. It was rertainly exorbitant indem- '
nity for the expenses of the war. General Jackson
was a man who acted on high feelings and impulses
of patriotic public duty; but when he was pur-
suing those ideas, he was sometimes a pretty hard
man in executing those purposes. But, so far as
I learn from the history of the transactions, Gen- !
eral Jackson had it in view to indemnify these [
Indians. He had kind feelings towards them; he j
must have had. It was not in his nature to have ,
had other feelings towards the friendly portion 1
of the Creeks. That, however, is neither here ]
nor there. But in addition to this indemnity for ;
their fidelity, out of the country that was to be i
taken from the hostile Creeks, there was a promise
of indemnity for spoliations for their property
destroyed, their stock taken, and their houses
destroyed and plundered by the hostile Creeks.
Then, when in 1818, and in 1821, and again in
lS25and 1826, they came to make treaties, was it
not the most natural thing in the world for these
down-trodden people to imagine that if they
could not even get that indemnity to the extent
which they claimed, it was no use to present this
other claim ? I believe commissioners were sent
down to ascertain the amount of the claims for
spoliations, and they reported in favor of allowing
$200,000. They could not even get that; buttwo
committees of Congress reported that it was un-
derstood $60,000 would have been full indemnity
for all they suffered by the hostile Creeks—the
Red Sticks—in that war. Then was it not the
most natural thing in the world that they should
conclude that it was not worth while to make any
claim for the country taken from them on the south-
ern border, in violation of instructions, and when
they had been promised compensation for their
fidelity, out of the lands wrested from the hostiles ?
They got none there which they considered an
equivalent. The hostiles were permitted to remain
on the country given to the friendly Creeks. They
could not consider it—and they so expressed them-
selves at the time—as any equivalent for the coun-
try taken from them. However much they may
have felt their weakness, however keenly they
may have felt what they considered to be the op-
pression of the greater power of this Government
upon them, it would be idle and vain, when they
could not get the $180,000 or $190,000 which had
been promised for their property destroyed, stock
killed and driven off by the hostile Creeks, to
present this claim. If they could not even get
that from the United States Government, they
might very well consider that it would be a boot-
less attempt to seek anything further.
In addition to this, I may state what the honor-
able Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] knows,
that in the deficiency bill which we have passed,
or in this bill—I do not recollect which—there is
an appropriation for the balance of the claim for
indemnity for those spoliations yet remaining to
be paid; and only two or three years ago a con-
siderable portion of it was paid.
Mr. TOOMBS. That appropriation is in this
bill. 1 will state to the gentleman that there is
nothing more liberal than the conduct of the Gov-
ernment in reference to those spoliations. First
$85,000 was appropriated, and most of it distrib-
uted by agent Hawkins; but he said that a few
of the parties were out hunting, and theie was a
little balance due them. Mr. Hawkins died, and
a new agent, General Mitchell, of my State, was
sent, and he reported the amount unpaid to be
$110,000, making, altogether, about $200,000,
which amount we have since paid. That sum of
$110,000, I have no doubt, was all ex gratia.
Mr. BELL. It was a long time back.
Mr. TOOMBS. It ought never to have been
paid.
Mr. BELL. But they urged it, and a large por-
tion of them believed that it was a well founded
claim; and when they could not even get that,
what was the use of prosecuting a claim for half
a million, or a million, or a million and a half of
dollars for land taken from them ?
There is another reason to account for the delay.
At the period when these treaties were made, our
Treasury was not like it is now. We were pressed
to pay off the debt contracted in the war with
Great Britain; a heavy debt was pending upon us;
and except vn a flushed period, in J817 and 1818,
of over-trading, excessive importation, and of
course excessive revenue, (all of which was ready
to be absorbed, and was absorbed at once in the
payment of the debt,) the whole course of Con-
gress and the Government, in relation to the pay-
ment of claims of any description to the Indian
tribes, or others, was a very rigid one. Themost
rigorous scrutiny was instituted, and I have no
doubt that frequently some just claims were
thrown aside.
Mr. TOOMBS. We were well off in 1832.
Mr. BELL. The public debt of the war had
then been nearly paid off, I believe. I remember
that it was a very great feature with the Admin-
istration just then being inaugurated, that the pub-
lic debt was about being extinguished ,4and public
prosperity beginning to revive. Prom the time
when the war took place up to the period when the
war debt was paid off, there was great stringency
in the affairs of the Treasury, and a rigid scrutiny
was instituted upon every demand on the Gov-
ernment which had to pass through the commit-
tees of Congress. Any person can see that by
examining the reports of the committees. Con-
gress did not suppose they had the ability to be
liberal and generous, and what was not a claim
originating in absolute treaty stipulations, and
stricti juris in its nature, was, without any hesita-
tion, thrown out. I merely suggest this as a prob-
able reason; but the main consideration is, that
when the Indians could not get their claim paid
for spoliations, it is not singular that they should
never have brought forward this claim. Having
made these remarks, I submit the question to the
Senate.
Mr. CASS. I concur with the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,J in the opinion that
this is a case involved in some doubt. It is not
clear; but I agree with him that there are strong
equitable considerations in support of the claim.
If it were a claim between this Government and
white citizens, I should vote against it; but the
circumstances and considerations attending this
case are such as present a very strong appeal to
us. When we look to these people, when we
know their condition, when we know how igno-
rant they are of our institutions, and how difficult
it is for them to press their claims, when we look
to all the equitable circumstances, I think we
should treat them with great liberality. You know,
Mr. President, and I know, that they have been
borne forward on the great tide of civilization from
the borders of the Atlantic almost to the Pacific
ocean. We have extinguished their council fires
and ploughed up the bones of their ancestors; and
now, when they come to us for a little pittance
for a reasonable allowance of part of the consider-
ation to which they were entitled under former
arrangements, I think we ought to yield to it.
The Senate are aware that I negotiated here,
under General Jackson, the treaty of 1832 with
the Creek Indians; and I have an indistinct
recollection—though not enough to allow mc to
allude to specific facts—that this claim was then
mentioned. The honorable Senators from Georgia,
and others, well know that circumstances then
prevailed which rendered it indispensable that the
Indians should be removed out of the State of
Georgia. Every effort was used with them, here
to effect that object. It was necessary for the
tranquillity of that portion of the country. And
I think it is very probable'—though I do not know
it to be so—that it was said to them by General
Jackson, as they now state, that if they postponed
the claim, and urged it after they got west, it
would be received more favorably. 1 repeat that
I have an indistinct recollection that a claim like
this was made.
Having been a contemporary of these transac-
tions, I know all the circumstances relating to this
matter, and I say no men could have behaved
better than the friendly Creeks did. I know they
were exposed to great trials. Allusion has already
been made to the journey of Tecmnseh among
them. I have some knowledge -of that circum-
stance. Here allow me to say, that in the history
of our intercourse with the Indians, there have
been two great men who have made their appear-
ance among them, both animated with the same
views, both instigated by the same objects, and
botk seeing that therswasbut one way to stop
the progress of the white man, which was by a
united effort among all the Indians. The object
of their lives was to bring the Indians to that con-
dition, to form them into a great union or con-
federation, to oppose the progress of the whites.
One of these was Pontiac and the other Tecum-
seh, with an interval of half a century between
them. In 1811 Tecumseh went to the South,
to have an interview with these Creeks, in order
to favor the project he then entertained. He was
not present at the battle of Tippecanoe, m No-
vember. It may be that the result would have
been different if he had been there; but he was
among these Creeks at that timevwith a view to
instigate them to war. I know it, for I had a
whole narrative of the circumstances from begin-
ning to end, from the Shawnee Prophet, his
brother. I know very well the strong induce-
ments he held out, and I know these friendly
Creeks were animated by the best feelings to the
