1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
United States, or they would have yielded to his
representations. Under these circumstances, 1
shall vote for the claim.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment, resulted—yeas 12, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Cass, Clayton,
Foot, Johnson, Rusk, Sebastian. Smith, Thompson of
Kentucky, and Walker—1'2.
NAY S—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Chase,
Clay, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter, Junes of Tennes-
see, Norns, IVarce, Potrit, Shields, Slide!!, Stuart, Sum-
ner, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, and Weller—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
JVtr. SEBASTIAN. I have some other amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. The first is to insert:
For payment of ific amount ofhis improvements to David
Carter, an emigrant, under the treaty with the Cheiokees
in 1828, in pursuance of the^sixth article thereof, ^-3,8-26 50.
Mr. HUNTER, is that in pursuance of a law,
or a treaty ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is in pursuance of the
treaty of 1828. The amendment provides for
the payment of over $2,800 to pay this claimant
for his improvements, in pursuance of the sixth
article of the treaty of 1828. There is a lengthy
report on the subject, which I do not consider it
necessary to read to the Senate, but which I have
here in manuscript. I will merely state, that by
the treaty of 1828 with the Cherokees, the Gov-
ernment of the United States offered to pay to
any Cherokee who would enroll himself ana go
west, the valuation of his improvements which
he abandoned in his old country. This was evi-
dently a temptation which the Government, from
policy, saw proper to hold out for emigration.
David Carter enrolled himself, and had his im-
provements valued. The amount of the valuation
was over $4,000; but in consequence of difficul-
ties, which it is unnecessary to explain on the
mere question of order, the Indian office has never
}*aid the amount. After a thorough investigation
of the case, 1 am satisfied there is no reason why
it should not be paid; and, if just at all, it is in
strict fulfillment of the treaty of 1828. 1 merely
state this much of the claim to show that it is not
excluded by the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know, if this
is in accordance with the treaty, why it was not
paid at the Department?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will explain that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Adams
in the chair.) The Chair understood the Sen-
ator from Arkansas to reserve that explanation
until the question of order shall be disposed of.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I only explained before
as much as was necessary, pending the question
of order; but as the Senator from Virginia asks
why it was not paid at the Department, I will
state the reason very briefly; and this statement
will answer just as well on the consideration of
the merits of the case.
The enrollment was made in 1834. The valua-
tion of these improvements in the same year was
fixed at $4,200, and David Carter emigrated west
under the terms of the treaty. When he arrived
there he found that, by some maladministration
of the fund, there was no money to pay him. In
the mean time, in 1835, the final treaty was made
with the Cherokees, by which he became not only
entitled to the value of his improvements, but to
other claims under the treaty as a Cherokee. He
came on for the purpose of attending to all of them.
Under the ninth article of the Cherokee treaty of
1835, the commission allowed him, $4,200 for
his claims for spoliation, and theamount was paid
to him. In the mean time, upon the report of the
superintendent of Indian affairs for that country,
who suggested that there had been some very ex-
travagant valuations under the treaty of 1828, this
case, among others, was looked into, and referred
to Mr. Return J. Meigs, who reduced the valua-
tion from $4,200 down to $1,250, unless Carter
could show there was some error in the report
made by him, which Carter was to be allowed to
do. The opportunity was afforded to him, and a
subsequent investigation by Benjamin F. Curry,
appointed to examine this particular claim, ex-
onerated Carter from the charges of fraud; but,
inasmuch as he thought some two or three other
persons were entitled to a share of the improve-
ments, he reduced the valuation down to the
amount mentioned in the amendment, a little over
$2,800.
Afterwards, when application was made to the
Indian officerfor the payment of this sum, the offi-
cers there took up a new idea in their heads. In
consequence of the inaccurate use of a word in a
letter of the Commissioner, in 1837, explaining
the nature of the decree allowing him for spolia-
tions, they took up the idea that the decree for
spoliations embraced also the claim for improve-
ments. That, after investigation, I found was
an entire misconception on the part of the Indian
office. By referring to the original decree of the
Commissioners, I ascertained that the spoliation
claim alone of David Carter was adjudged by
them—not including the claim for improvements
under the treaty of 1828. The claim for spolia-
tions was under the treaty of 1835. That difficulty
being surmounted, it leaves this claim as one that
has been unadjusted, and which has been sus-
pended and tied up heretofore in consequence of
that state of facts. These, briefly, are the circum-
stances of the case, and I think they admit of no
question.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is to insert:
For salaries of six agents, authoflzed by this act, at the
rate of $1,500 per annum, the sum of $9,000.
This is put in, at the suggestion of the Indian
office, to provide for the salaries of agents already
authorized by other amendments which we have
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, which I
believe meets the approbation of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, to whom I have sub-
mitted it. It is to insert the following additional
section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the assent of
the Indian tribes respectively, to be obtained in due form,
to redeem and extinguish the perpetual annuities or the
payment of interest perpetually upon sums of money re-
quired 10 be held in trustor invested in stocks, by either
paying to said tribes the par value or equivalent of the eaid
annuities and perpetual interest in whole or m annuities tor
a term of years, as he, in las judgment, may deem most
advantageous to the Indians respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs also instruct me to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Sec. —. J3nd be it further enacted, That, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to settle and pay the claims on file
for reservations, and for rents and improvements under the
thirteenth and sixteenth articles of the Cheiokec treaty of
29th of December, 1835, in pursuance of the stipulations of
the third article of the treaty of August 8, 1846, the sum
heretofore appropriated for this purpose, and carried to the
surplus fund, is hereby reappropnated.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe I understood from
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
that these claims are ascertained to be good?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir; there is no doubt
of that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment:
To pay Andrew Taylor for his reservation of six hundred
and forty acres at Sitieo Old Town, on the waters of the
Tennessee river, ££14,720, with interest from the 23d day of
August, 1843.
I offer this amendment at the request of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] who
offered it before, and who is not now in his seat.
The Senate, I believe, are pretty familiar with the
subject of this amendment. It was agreed to by
the Senate once before, but was lost in the com-
mittee of conference. It was rejected the other
day in consequence of the application of a rule
which 1 understand is now so modified as to admit
this amendment to be in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not recollect what was
the decision of the Senate. Unless this comes
under a treaty, it is clearly excluded by the rule.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. By the very terms of the
amendment, it will be seen that it is to fulfill a
treaty stipulation. It is to fulfill a stipulation of
the treaty of 1835, by which the United States
agreed to pay the Cherokees the value of the res-
ervations secured to them under the old treaty of
1817, and expressly reaffirmed in that treaty of
1835.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 14, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I apprehend the Senate have
forgotten the discussion which took place on this
subject a few weeks ago. When it was discussed
then, there was scarcely anybody against it.
Similar claims have been paid under the same
treaty. The amendment is to carry out the exact
provision of that treaty—that the value of these
reservations, which were lost to the parties by
the operation of the laws of the State of Tennes-
see, should be paid out of the Treasury of the
i United Statfe. There was no difficulty about
| the matter the other day, except as to the propo-
i sition being within the rule. That was the only
j difficulty about which there was any controversy
| then. This is a clear case. The money has
I been a long time withheld from the claimant, and
various persons, precisely similarly situated, have
been paid.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment, resulted-—yeas 23, nays
13; as follows:
YEAS.*—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Uiodhead, Brown,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Gwin, James, Johnson, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Thompson of Kentueky, Toombs, Touccy, Wade, Walker,
and Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Cass, Chase,
Clay, Hamlin, Hunter, Norris, Pearce, Slidell, Stuart,
Sumner, and Williams—Ki.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, which is the last one, I believe. I have no
doubt the announcement is as gratifying to the
Senate as it is to myself. It is to insert:
For the payment of the balance, per capita, due the Chei -
okee Indians residing in the States east of tile Mississippi
river, under the treaty of 1835, and the supplementary
treaty of May, 1836, accoiding to tile stipulation of tile
tenth article of the treaty of August, 1846, the sum of
$92,625 18.
Mr. HUNTER. I think I have been informed
by the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs that this is a sum which was paid by mis-
take to the Cherokees west, a portion of which
ought to have been reserved for the Cherokees
east. If that be so, it would seem to follow that
this money ought to be reserved out of the pay-
ments to the Cherokees west, and not be made
a charge on the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so understood it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is the understanding
of the committee; but, for a reason which I will
state, the amendment does not place it on that foot-
ing. In the disbursement of the large appropria-
tion which Senators will recollect was made two
or three years ago to the Cherokees, it so hap-
pened that the Cherokees residing east of the Mis-
sissippi, in North Carolina and Georgia, were
entitled to receive their per capita by a different
rule from that which applied to the Ross Chero-
kees, or national party, west. This would have
made the distribution unequal. The distribution
to them was to be under two treaties—one the
treaty of 1835, and the other the treaty of 1846,
which adjusted the per capita of the two parties on
very different rules and very different foundations.
In the administration of that fund, however, by
the Indian department, they distributed the amount
equally between all, the Cherokees west and those
east; in that way giving to one class of Chero-
kees a largeramountthan they were entitled to,and
to the Cherokees remaining east a smaller amount
than that to which they were entitled. Of course,
therefore, the distribution fell short of the amount
secured by the treaty to the North Carolina Chero-
kees, and there was a non-fulfillment of the treaty
by not paying in full the money which had been
appropriated, and which was due to the Indians
under it. It was, therefore, a misapplication of
funds consisting in the payment of too much
money to the western Cherokees, and too little to
the eastern Cherokees.
The amendment, as it now stands, stops, by its
terms, with allowing the $92,000 to the eastern
Cherokees. I have no objection at all to a decla-
ration being inserted in the amendment that the
President may, in such manner as he may deem'
just, reserve the amount out of the annuities or
other funds of the western Cherokees. The com-
mittee did not insert that proviso in the amend-
ment, because it was apprehended some difficulty
might occur by an attempt at the present time to
reserve it out of the annuities of the western
Chej-okees, a large proportion of which are trust
