1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
"Whole House from the further consideration of
bill No. 454, " for the relief of Charles W. Car-
roll "
Mr. LETCHER. That will not go.
Mr. CHANDLER. It ought to go.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senate have
adjourned, and we can do nothing more here upon
which they can act, and therefore I move that we
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Is this question of
adjournment a debatable question ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
■ Mr. JONES. Well, then, i hope the House
will not adjourn.
M^. COBB. I want to have a Senate bill re-
ferred; and I hope I shall be allowed the«privilege
of having it done. I trust my friend from New
York [Mr. Walsh] will not object. (Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Monday morning at seven
o'clock.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the House
had better meet to-morrow, and close up all the
business.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The question is not debatable at
• all.
Mr. COBB. I hope the House will allow me to
report the bill which I have here.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. LETCHER.. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The motion having been
•withdrawn by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. CobbJ being on the floor at the moment, he
is entitled to be heard.
NEW LAND DISTRICT IN FLORIDA.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Maxwell] is deeply interested in the organization
of aland district in the southern part of his State,
remote from any other land district. I have a bill
here for that purpose, which I wish to introduce.
I have also a letter from the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Lands stating the necessity which exists for
the organization of a new land district. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Walsh] made an
objection a moment ago, but he is now satisfied of
the facts, and withdraws his objection. I trust,
now, that nobody else will object, and that the bill
will be allowed to pass.
The bill was read in extenso by the Clerk. It
creates a new land district in the southern portion
of Florida, to be called the district of Tampa; the
act to take effect at the expiiation of six months
from its passage.
Mr. EASTMAN. A bill was reported this morn-
ing by the Committee on Public Lands providing for
the establishment of a land district m Wisconsin,
and it was objected to. The people in that portion
of the country have to travel two hundred and
forty miles to the land office, and it was to remedy
that that the bill in question was reported for the
organization of an additional land office in Wis-
consin, on the same terms precisely as this. 1
therefore object.
Mr. RO WE, (at ten minutes before two, p. m,)
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. For the purpose of ena-
bling the bills to be sisned, I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow at
ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The House meets regularly
at that hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion then.
Mi. EASTMAN. I desire to withdraw my
objections to the establishment of a land district
in the State of Florida.
No further objection being made, the bill was
ordered to be read a third time, and was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHE. I offer the following resolution:
Rpinlvi'th That tlx1 Clerk-nf Mm House be directed to
pay to John Collin, a labour employed hi the office of the
Clerk, two dollar- per day in eot;*id<'ranon of tile addi-
tional labor p.'rloi inrd by hurt, commencing fiotn the tune
omployed, deducting therelrom the per diem already paid
him.
[Cries of " Ail right!"]
Mr. ROWE. 1 insist upon my motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles, which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act for tue relief of the heirs of Captain
Mathew Jack, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Pavie;
An act for the relief of Asa Leach;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1855;
An act for the relief of Warren Raymond;
An act for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clin-
ton county, Indiana;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George M. Girk;
An act for the relief of James Capen;
An act for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and oth-
ers;
An act for the relief of the legal heirs of Ben-
jamin Metoyer;
An act for the relief of Robert F. McGuire, and
Louisa, his wife, late Louisa Lamy;
An act for the relief of Julia Aikin;
An act authorizing the payment of balance of !
the property accounts between the United States j
and the State of New York, for military stores in j
the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of John S. King, of Vir-
ginia;
An act for the relief of the inhabitants of town-
ship forty-five, range one, in Warren county*
Missouri;
An act for;the relief of A. S. Laughrey; and
Ail act to carry into effect a treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, signed on the 5th
day of June, 1854.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call upon the gentleman
to withdraw that motion to adjourn for a moment,
for the purpose of alluwing trie to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. ROWE. I will withdraw the motion until
I can hear the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the House that if they wish to place all the stand-
ing committees of the House upon the same
footing, it will not take more than five minutes to
call through those yet remaining.
Mr. ASHE. What has become of the resolu-
tion which I offered i
The SPEAKER. It was cut off by the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. And what has become of the
motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It was withdrawn. The
Chair again asks if it is the pleasure of the House
that the call of committees for reports shall pro-
ceed ?
Mr. ROWE. How many committees are left?
The SPEAKER. Not more than five or six.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask leave of the House to
withdraw a motion made by me to reconsider the
vote of the House upon the resolution directing
the President to commence legal proceedings
against those who have received moneys fiom the
Gardiner claim.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman has the right to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. WALSH. Then I object to the gentle-
man's asking as a privilege what he has a right
to do.
Mr. PHILLIPS then withdrew his motion to
reconsider.
Mr. LILLY. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill (No. 337) " for the
relief of Eliza. M. Evans."
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. LILLY. Is it in order to move a suspen-
sion of the rules ?
TheSPEAKER. It is not; for the committees
have not yet been called.
Mr. HENN. I think that I have*been rather
badly treated by the House this morning, in ob-
jecting to a bill which 1 was allowed, by unam-
bitious consent, to take up. I do not propose-that
1 the House shall consider that .bill now. Being on
the Committee on Enrolled BillSj I have not been
able to be in the House at times when one could
get the floor, i now ask it as a personal favor,
that the House will take up and pass a htde bill
confirming the school titles to about two thousand
acres of land in the United States—about one-hun-
dred and sixty acres of which are in my State.
Mr. WALSH. To whom are they to go?-
Mr. HENN. They go to the schools.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I certainly have
no knowledge of any understanding between the
gentleman from Iowa and myself, either express
; or implied.
j The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
I Mr. HENN. The bill to which I refer is in
1 the Committee of the Whole on the stat&of the
i Union; to which it was referred early in the ses-
| sion
| Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
i adjourn.
"Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to* offer a resolution
which I think will be unanimously adopted. If
j there be objection to it, 1 will not even move a
| suspension of the rules.
[ * Mr. HENN. I would appeal to the gentleman
I from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion to ad-
journ, until the bill to which I have referred has
been acted on.
Mr. LE TCHER. I object to the bill of the
! gentleman from Iowa.
i Mr. HENN. Then I shall object to every-
' thing except ihe regular business of signing bills.
I The SPEAKER. There is pending a motion
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. M1LLSON. Has not a motion to fix the
time to which the House shall adjourn precedence
of that motion ? 1 move that when this House
adjourm^to-morrow, uadjourn to meeton Monday
at a quarter before eight o'clock, or seven, or
any other hour that will suit members. Now,
by the order under which we are acting:, we ad-
journ from one day to meet at ten o'clock the
next day. So, if the House adjourn to-morrow,
they will adjourn till Monday two hours after
the time fixed for adjournment, unless the Chair
shall decide that, under the resolution adopted to-
day, it will be competent for the House to-mor-
row—-
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
The subject is not debatable.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman of Virginia
claimed the floor upon a privileged question.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not desire to debate the
matter. I move that when the House adjourns
i to-morrow, U adjourn to meet some time on Mon-
day, say half-past seven o'clock in the morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia submits a motion that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday, at half-
| past seven o'clock.
I Mr. MILLSON. I was about to make this
! further suggestion. If we do not do this, we might
: be placed m an anomalous condition. The Senate
: might be in session on Monday at eight o'clock;
! and they are not prevented from adopting resolu-
l tions and taking votes to-morrow; while we, if we
1 adjourn to-morrow at ten o'clock, would close our
, session at that time, and cease to have a lega. ex-
istence, and present the anomalous condition of
i the two Houses adjourning at different periods,
i TheSPEAKER. It is true, as the gentleman
; from Virginia states, if the House adjourns to-mor-
row, it will adjourn, according to its own order,
to meet at ten o'clock, two hours after the time
fixed by the resolution adopted to-day.
!; The question was taken upon Mr. Millson-'s
! motion; and it was agreed to.
i Mr. CAMPBELL. I send a resolution to the
[ Clerk's table to be read for information. If there
be a single objection, I promise that I will not
1 move to suspend the rules.
; Mr. WALSH. I object.
■ TheSPEAKER. The Chair has received an
intimation that there will be an Executive commu-
. nication sent t«  the House in a few minutes Ti e
i Chair proposes that the House take a recess for
, half an hour
! Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, in the mean time, I
! ask to have my resolution read; and if theie be
j the slightest objection made, 1 will withdraw it.
j Mr. WALSH. I object.
