2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (at twenty minutes pasf
two o'clock.) Then I move that the House do
And oil that motion I call
now aoiourn.
Mr. LETCHER.
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn; and I now move to suspend the rules, in
order that my resolution may be read.
The SPEAKER. The. rules are suspended;
and there is only one committee more to be called.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then let that other com-
mittee be called.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order now
for me to make the statement which I desired to
make some time ago ?
Objection was made.
Mr. ASHE. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness will be the call of the committee .
.Reports are now in order from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to know whether it
is in order to move to reconsider the vote by
which my colleague's [Mr. Millson's] motion
was agreed to? And then I wish to know whether
it is in order to debate that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider Is
in order; but it is not in order to debate it at all.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, will it be in order to
have a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move a call of the
House.
Mr. DAWSON. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
18, nays 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
Pending the call of the roll, a message, in
writing, was received from the President of the
United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his
Private Secretary.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker;
An act to establish certain additional post roads;
An act fur the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, surety for a former postmaster at Norfolk,
Virginia;
An act for the relief of George M. Bentley, of
the State of New York; and
Joint resolution making appropriation for the
payment to those entitled to the benefits of the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
United States, passed August 3, 1854, voting
extra compensation to pages, folders, and others.
The question recurred upon the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr, J ONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if there is not a message from the President upon
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. There is; but there is no
quorum present.
Mr. JONES. That makes no difference.
[Cries of " Read the message!" and " Let us
have it!"]
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will present the message.
Mr. HAVEN. I am very desirous of hearing
the message, whatever it may be; but I do not
want to hesir it, except under such circumstances
that we can act upon it after we have heard it.
Mr. JONES. We can have a full House to-
morrow.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order, ,
inasmuch as the House has but just now refused >
to adjourn, and no business has since been trans- i
acted. !
Mr. WALSH. Can the message be read if'
any one member objects?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, no quorum being
present.
Mr. WALSH. Then I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to hear the message
read; but if there is not a sufficient number here
to act upon it after it is read, 1 do not want it read
now, nor until we can act upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
petent for the gentlemen present to hear the mes-
sage read, but that it would not be competent to
act upon the message by a vote. The Chair states
that no number less than a quorum can act at all
legislatively.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I object to the reading
of the message.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that it was
competent for the gentlemen present, if they
choose to do so, to hear the message read; but
that ii was not competent for them to act upon it.
Mr. HAVEN. But I want action upon the
message, if we hear it read; and I do not want to
hear it unless we can act upon it.
Mr. ORR. Under the resolution which has
been adopted by the House to-day, providing for
an adjournment, the House, even if there were a
quorum present, could not act upon it after four
o'clock to-day.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the message
be read.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
message will be read; but it' it is objected to, the
Chair thinks the reading of the message would be
legislative proceeding, and that it would be our
of order, there being no quorum present.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I most respectfully
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
We can hear without a quorum, but we cannot
act.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If a motion for a call of
the House has not been made, I now make it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio takes prece-
dence of the proposition of the gentleman from
Alabama, and it will be the first thing in order;
and the Chair does decide that less than a quorum
cannot legislate at all.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Chair does not appear
to understand me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman, and decides that the message cannot
be read, as objection is made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask if the message cannot be read for information ?
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous con-
sent, it cannot.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to move 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that no
motion is in order, and that he will entertain no
motion except for a call of the House The Con-
stitution decides that question, and the Chair has
no discretion in reference to the matter. *
* Mr. WALSH. Is it m order to move to lay
the motion that there be a call of the House
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the reason that
it is not debatable, and nothing would be accom-
plished by it.
Mr. WALSH. I move, then, that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the ques-
tion is put upon the motion to adjourn, I desire"
to inquire whether, if the motion be carried, the
House will adjourn to meet to-morrow at ten
o'clock ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. Then I desire to say that the
Senate have adjourned until twelve o'clock to-
morrow, and that if we meet at ten, we can do
nothing until that time,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to the gentleman
making an argument. j
Mr. JONES. 1 am not making an argument; 1 !
only wished to have the House understand that if I
they meet to-morrow at ten o'clock, they must!
sit here for two hours, when it will not be possible !
for them to transact any business. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum present,
and the House cannot make the order without.
The question was taken on Mr. Walsh's mo-
tion; and the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion that
there be a fell of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yea3 ard
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Campbell, Edmund-
son, English, kverhart, Farley, Haven, Hunt, Kerr. Knox,
M!l"c30n> Miller, Pnngle, Sabin, Elhhu
B.^Washburne, John Wentworth, and Tappan Wentworth
, ■JAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James c. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Bocock, Boyce Breekinridae, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chandler, Chrisinan, Churehwell, Clingman, Cobb, Curtis
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dunbar, Dunham, Edjrerton Fen-
ton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Gamble,Good", Goodrich
Greenwood, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks Hib-
bard, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Le'teher
Lilly, Lmdsley,MeMulhn, MeNair, McQueen, Macy May'
Millson, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Pbillins
Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Rowe, Ruffin, Shaw, Smsleton'
Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith'
George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub'
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Walley, Walsh, and Wells
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no quorum
present. I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon (at quarter past three o'clock, p.
m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow at ten
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 3, 1854.
The Senate met at ten o'clock, a. m.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the reading of the .
Journal was dispensed with.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate postpone
all prior orders, and proceed with the unfinished
business of yesterday—the naval appropriation
bill
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator, that
as the Senate is very thin at this hour of the morn-
ing, he had better allow us a short time to make
reports from committees.
The PRESIDENT. Petitions are first in order.
PETITION.
Mr. PESSENDEN presented the petition of
the surviving children and heirs-at-law of Lemuel
B. Mason, an officer in the continental line of the
Revolutionary Army, praying to be allowed com-
mutation pay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. ROCKWELL, it was
Ordered, That, leave be granted to withdraw the petition
and papers of Thomas Sumner, copies of which papers are
to be left on thu files of thy Senate.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That Jonas P Levy and Jos6 Maria Jarrero have
leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Betsey W. Eve, widow of Joseph Eve, praying
to be allowed certain expenses incurred by her
husband while charge d'affaires to the late Repub-
lic of Texas, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for her relief;' which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Samuel A.Belden &
Co., claimants against Mexico under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, for losses and damages sus-
tained from the confiscation of merchandise by the
officials of the Republic of Mexico, praying that
measures may be adopted to secure the payment
of their claim, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for their relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Charles D. Arfwed-
son, praying compensation for services as charge
d'affaires ad interim, at the Court of Stockholm,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. Balestier, praying
remuneration for certain expenses incurred while
special agent of the United States to southeastern
Asia, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
