1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thj? question
is now on the excepted amendment.
Mr. STUART. The whole amendment, as I
understand it, is this:
" That the President be authorized to confirm to the Sioux
of Minnesota for ever the reserve on the'Minnesota liver
now occupied by them, and to embrace the country lying
between the Little Maraga and the St. Peter's rivers, upon
such conditions as he may deem just. And, further, thatit
be agreed between the United States and the Sioux band
of Indians, that, should it-at any time hereafter be consid-
ered by the United States as a pioper policy to establish
farms among them, and for the benefit of said Indians, it
shall be discretionary with the President, by and with
the advice and consent of th'e Senate, to change the annu-
ities herein provided for, or any part theieof, into a fund lor
that purpose."
I simply propose to strike out the words "and to
embrace the country lying between the Little Ma-
raga and the St. Peter's rivers." It is an extan-
sion of their reservation which is not necessary,
and which, I am informed, will do great injustice
to white settlers upon theland, and will also make
useless a fort which is now erected there. I un-
derstand from the chaiiman of the committee that,
on subsequent information which has reached
isim, there will be no objecjion to my proposi-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Mississippi, as we seem to be approaching so near
to land, whether he will not allow us to take the
question 011 the bill. He can bring in a separate
report 011 that isolated case. We need not keep
the bill back for that.
Mr. BRQWN. I know nothing about the
merits of the case; for, as I said before, I have
had no time to examine it; but the Senator from
Virginia very well knows that, to bring in a sep-
arate bill, would amount to a denial of the claim,
if there be merit 111 it; because, if it were passed
here, there would be 110 chance of getting it
through the House this session. There may be
merit in it. The Senator from Wisconsin knows
more about it than 1 do.
Mr. WALKER. 1 will state what 1 know
about the matter. Tire memorial was referred
to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs, by whom it
was sub-committed to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cooper.] Yesterday morning he
brought the matter before the committee, stating
that he was satisfied the appropriation ought to
be made, but that he should not be here when the
bill was taken up for consideration again. Being
front the State in which the Indians are, I did not
desire to take the case and draw up the report and
amendment myself; and, upon my suggestion, the
committee submitted the leport to the Senator
from Mississippi. .Since then, as he informs the
Senate, he has not had an opportunity to look
into it. 1 believe, so far as any member of the
committee expressed his opinion 011 the subject at
the time, there was a general concurrence 111 the
merit of the claim. The Senator from Mississippi
was to look at it and satisfy his own mind, and
. when hel)ccainc satisfied, to draw up an amend-
ment.
I will state that we cannot take a vote on the bill
this evening foranother reason. 1 have an amend-
ment to oiler, which is known to the Senate since
last session as the Menomonee claim. It is a large
one. 1 offered it at the last session; but, on the
request of the Senator fiom Tennessee, the report
—a lengthy and detailed one—then being printed,
1 withdrewtheaniendnient to give an opportunity
for further examination into that report. 1 shall
have to offer it, and shall do so before the bill
passes. It is one which, to say the least, will
require the report to be read, if nothing should be
said upon it. I shall ask for its reading when 1
offer the amendment. I am confident we cannot
take the question on the bill to-day. I therefore
renew the motion to postpone il until to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does tiie Chair
understand the Senator to move a postponement
or an adjournment?
Mr. WALKER. It is-the usual hour of ad-
journment; and, that the bill may come up to-
morrow as the unfinished business, I move' that i
the Senate do now adjourn. j
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it was the opinion j
of the Committee 011 Indian Affairs that we could I
get through with the bill to-day. If we have but I
one more amendment, let us sit here and dispose
of it.
Mr. WALKER. It has already been an-
nounced that there are two, and one of them is
not ready. I can say, for my part, that I expected
that we should get through with the bill to-day;
but the lengthy discussion of this morning, in ad-
dition to that which took place heretofore, in ref-
erence to the Creek claim, has postponed us to
this hour.
Mr. WELLER. I hope we shall go 011 with
the bill. My friend from Virginia has had avery
difficult road to travel, and he begs so hard that I
cannot refuse him. I shall, therefore, vote against
the adjournment, though it will be departing from
my usual practice.
Mr. BADGER. I do hope that aomthing will
be done for the Committee on Finance in general,
and my friend from Virginia in particular. We
have had enough of this bill. It has lagged on
1 here at a slow dragging pace, and for my own
part I feel the strongest disposition to support the
; chairman of the committee now against all post-
ponement by way of making some apology and
some reparation to him for having in several in-
stances, upon this bill, deserted my leader and
gone against him.
Mr. WALKER. 1 do not know, on account
of any personal consideration, that I ever asked
the Senate before either to postpone a measure or
to adjourn. Here is the first matter in relation to
the Indian appropriation bill to which I desire to
call the attention of the Senate that has reference
to the State which I represent; and, under the cir-
cumstances, an honorable Senator from another
State saying he has not had an opportunity to
investigate the case, and 1 stating that I have an-
other amendment, which will require discussion,
or at least the reading of a long report, it would
seem to me it might superinduce this act of cour-
tesy, to say the least of it, on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I will vote for the adjourn-
ment after that statement.
Mr. BADGER. So will I.
Mr. Walker's motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 24,1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mii.isurn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
111 order was the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 330) further to amend the act entitled " An
act to reduce and modify the rates of postage in
the United States,and for other purposes,"passed
March 3, 1851, and the act amendatory thereto,
' passed August 30,1852; and that the pending ques-
i tion was 011 the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Olds,] to refer the bill to the Committee of
I the Whole on the state of the Union.
• Mr. PHELPS. 1 rise to ask the unanimous
i consent of the House that an order may be made
postponing the Pacific railroad bill, which is the
special order in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for to-day, until to-morrow, or
j until the deficiency bill shall have been disposed
I of. I believe that is the general wish of the House.
Mr. MORGAN. No, sir; not the general
[wish. I take it for granted, from the fact that a
| majority of the members of the Committee of
| Ways and Means voted to postpone the deficiency
j bill the other day, that its passage can be of no
; immediate consequence.
Mr. PHELPS" Then the gentleman from New
' York objects.
Mr. MORGAN, i do.
1 Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I moveto sus-
pend the rules, that that order may be made.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to suspend
the rules, except 011 Mondays.
! Mr. HOUSTON. X hold in my hand a me-
morial from the Legislature of Alabama in rela-
tion to some claims in that State. I ask that it
may be printed, and referred to tiie Committee on
Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
oended, and that the House resolve itself into !
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
("Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business in
order before the committee was the consideration
of the special order, being the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. PHELPS. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from California, who is entitled to the
floor upon this question, I submit the motion that
the further consideration of the special order be
postponed until to-morrow, or until the deficiency
bill shall have been disposed of.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not willing to post-
pone the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill
until the deficiency bill is disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. Say then until to-jnorrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection to
that.
"Hie question was then taken; and the consider-
ation of tiie Pacific railroad bill was postponed
until to-morrow.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on yesterday, they had under consideration the
twenty-fifth amendment, which reads as follows:
For continuing the works for bringing water into the city
of Washington, $500,000,
—to which an amendment had been offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barry,] to in-
crease the appropriation 4100.
Mr. PERKINS, of NSv York. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to say but a word.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that no
further debate can be allowed.
Mr. IIIBBARD. I wish to say to the com-
mittee, that I desired to obtain theflooron yester-
day, for the purpose of making an explanation of
some remarks which I made in a previous debate;
and I now propose, with the consent of the com-
mittee, to print whatl desire to say.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
leave will be granted the gentleman from New
Hampshire to do so.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Is it in order
to move to strike out the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to move to
strike out the amount in the amendment.
Mr. PERKINS. That motion, I believe, has
not been made; I move, therefore, to strike out
the amount named in the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is now
pending before the committee.
Mr. PERKINS. As debate is exhausted upon
> that motion, 1 will move to raise the amount to
one million of dollars. 1 think that either the
| motion to strike out, or to raise the amount to one
! million ought to prevail; for the engineer who has
j furnished the estimates for this work, lias esti-
mated the amount necessary at $2,500,000. At
i seats of government everywhere—at Boston, New
i York, Philadelphia—the result has been, in carry-
! ing on works of this character, that the expenses
j have always been double the estimates furnished
] by the engineers having them in chai-ge; and
1 we may safely conclude that the same result will
| be seen here at the city of Washington. We
] may safely set down the expense at three times
| the estimate made by the gentleman from Ken-
, tucky, [Mr. Stanton.] 1 believe that the ex-
i pense of bringing water from the Great Falls will
be about seven or eight millions of dollars. Per-
sons holding offices under the Government, and
members of Congress, will be obliged t« pay the
: interest upon this money. That this will be the
1 case I can demonstrate beyond all controversy.
The rents of a place are in proportion to the value
; of the property. If a piece of property is worth
; half a million of dollars, and it is to be rented, the
i rent to be charged upon it will be in proportion to
its value. If the improvement now under con-
sideration will add seven millions of dollars to the
value of the property in the city of Washington,
: the tenants who hire houses here, and the mem-
bers of Congress who are obliged to hire rooms,
will have to pay interest upon that money. The
people have got lamps along Pennsylvania av-
enue which are furnished by this Government.
; This adds to the rent of houses and apartments.
And we cannot geta room short of the fourth story
in any respectable public house big enough for
