580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
of those who construct them only adds to the
general prosperity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
B4r. HIESTER. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The House was being divided upon the motion,
when 
Mr. H1ESTER said: I am informed that the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] who
has introduced the amendment, intends to leave
the city in the morning, and I therefore withdraw
ray motion.
Mr. SOLLERS. I renew it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Faulkner, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 59.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the state of the "CJnion generally, and particularly
Senate bill No. 138, being a bill entitled "An act
to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the construc-
tion of a railroad for military, postal, and for
other purposes," but had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. WALRRIDGE. I move that the House
adfourn.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 9, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have two memorials signed
by citizens of Maine, who set forth that they were
seamen on board the John Adams during the war
of 1811! With Great Britain; that said vessel was
destroyed by order of its commanding officer, Com-
modore Morris, and that in consequence of that
destruction they lost all their effects, and suffered
great privations and hardships. They therefore
ask that such remuneration may be made to them
as justice and equity require. I move that the
memorials be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the proceedings of
a meeting of the students of Hamilton college, in
the State of New York, protesting against the
passage of the Nebraska and Kansas bill.
Also, the proceedings and resolutions of the
Philadelphia Female Anti-Slavery Society, remon
strating against the passage of the same bill.
Also, a remonstrance of one hundred citizens of
the city of New York, protesting against the
Bame bill.
1 have also a remonstrance, which is filled to the
extent of one hundred feet with signatures of the
citizens of Brooklyn, in the State of New York,
protesting against the passage of the same bill.
In this, and the remonstrance coming from New
York city, the residence of each subscriber is
given, and the whole number of subscribers to the
last is three thousand. I move that they lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Trenton, New Jersey, praying the enactment of
such laws as will best secure the protection of
American citizens in the enjoyment of their rights
of conscience and of religious worship while re-
siding in foreign countries; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Cass county,
Michigan, remonstrating against the passage of
the Nebraska and Kansas bill in its present form;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
resolutions of the State of New Jersey, requesting
their representatives in Congress to use their best
efforts to procure the passage of a law granting to
the officers and soldiers who were in the service
of the United States in the war of 1812 the same
privileges and grants of land as have been granted
to the soldiers in the more recent wars of the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed. . .
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Seth
Ingram, praying an increase of pension, in conse-
quence of wounds received in the war of 1812;
which was referred,to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama,
praying Congress to* reduce the price of certain
pine lands in said State; which was referred to
tbe Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented three petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, remonstrating^ against
any bill for the organization of the Territory of
Nebraska which will permit slavery within the
territory from which it was excluded by the Mis-
souri compromise; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. G WIN presented the memorial of Harriet
A. Wilcox, widow of an officer in the Revenue
Cutter Service, praying a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of G. Wil-
cox and other officers of the Army, praying an
increase of pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON submitted an additional docu-
ment in relation to the claim of the heirs of John
Hudry for compensation for services rendered and
advances made to the United States in 1814 and
1815; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, praying
that measures may be taken to secure the right of
religious liberty to American citizens while resid-
ing or traveling in foreign countries; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of James M.
Crane, praying compensation for publishing or-
ders, resolutions, laws, and treaties of the United
States, in the California Courier, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Francisco Lope Urriza, a citizen of California,
praying remuneration for losses sustained during
the late war with Mexico, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill to con-
firm the claim of Dusuan de la Croix to a tract of
land therein described, reported it back without
amendment.
He also submitted areport on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of Almanzon Huston,praying compensa-
tion for carrying the mail, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the Postmaster General,
cormnunicatinglthe papers m relation to the services
of Jemison and Williamson, called for by a res-
olution of the Senate of the .10th December, 1847,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of Robert Jemison and Benjamin William-
son; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTE.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
j sent, and agreed to:
| Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
I Post Roads f)e instructed to inquire into the expediency of
j establishing a post route from Applcton to Waupaka, in
Wisconsin.
j BILL INTRODUCED,
i Mr. GW1N asked and obtained the unanimous
! consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to estab-
| lish a post road in the State of California; which
I was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
bill granting a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of the public lands to actual settlers,
have done me the honor, unanimously, to direct
me to report it back to the Senate without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage. They have
further directed me to move that the consideration
of the bill be postponed to next Monday week, the
twentieth instant, and that it be made the special
order for that day.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire the Senator from
Wisconsin to oblige me by extending the time
which he has designated for the consideration of
this bill to a more distant day. Circumstances
make it necessary for both the Senators from
Georgia to be absent for a short time, and I desire
to be here when the bill comes up for action.
Mr. WALKER. Permit me to say to the
Senator that if the bill be taken up on the day
which I have named, by direction of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, I have no idea that final ac-
tion will be had upon it before the Senator returns.
He will have ample time to participate in the dis-
cussion and disposition of this bill.
Mr. DAWSON. The honorable Senator's ex-
planation is perfectly satisfactory.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES ROBERTSON.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, some days ago
one of the Senators from Mississippi presented a
petition of one James Robertson, who alleges
that he has laige claims upon this body, by way
of compensation for injuries which he sustained
by reason of an imprisonment of him by order of
the Senate, as he says. The imprisonment was
by the officers of the Senate, but it does not ap-
pear that it was by order of the Senate. The
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate have had that matter un-
der consideration, and have directed me to present
an adverse report. This is a subject which has
twice before been considered by the committees
of the Senate, and the previous reports are ap-
pended to and constitute a part of the report now-
made. I move that the report which I now pre-
sent be printed; but I do not think it is necessary
to print the former reports, as they are probably
within the knowledge of most members, and are
to be found in the books containing the proceed-
ings of the Senate. I have myself a printed copy
of them. I present the report, and move that it
he printed.
The motion was agreed to.
"WILLIAM MAYO.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions to report back without
amendment, and recommend the passage of, the
bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of William Mayo, of Belfast, Maine.
I wish also to ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to have the bill considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to increase William Mayo's pension three dollars
per month, so as to make it eight dollars per
month, during his natural life, from the 1st of
January, 1S54.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Let the report of the
committee be read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can state the facts of the
case sooner than the Clerk can read the report.
Several Senators. There is no objection to
the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then it is not necessary to
make any explanation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ARKANSAS JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
On the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill from the House of Representa-
tives to amend an act entitled " An act to divide
the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts,"
approved March 3,1851, which'had been reported
from the Committee on Indian Affairs with an
amendment.
