1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the course suggested by the gentleman from Mis-
souri will be pursued.
No objection being male, the thirty-seventh
amendment was reported, as follows:
For cartage of pisntju^ paper from wareroom and office
of the Superintendent of Public Printing to the printing
offices, and labor, from the 1st of January to the 30th of
June, at $550 per annum, ,*$275.
Mr.ROWE. I would like to hear from the
Committee of Ways and Means an explanation
of th* reasons which induced them to recommend
a non-concurrence in these Senate amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. As a member of the committee,
I will say, that the ree-son which controlled the
committee in coming to their conclusion was, that
the contract with the person who furnishes the
paper requires him to deliver it where the Super-
intendent of Printing directs.
Mr. HENN. i would ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] whether, in the pub-
lished proposals for the contracts which were made
last for the supply of paper, that provision, as to
the place of delivery, was inserted?
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means know nothing about notices in the pub-
lished proposals. They know what the contract
itself was, and that is enough.
Mr. ROW E. I desire to make another inquiry,
and that is, whether the contract specifies the rent
of the room for storing; the paper?
Mr. HAVEN. It does not. It makes no spe-
cification, except that the contractor shall deliver
the paper at such times, and in such quantities, as?
the Superintendent of Printing shall direct.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
have a letter from the Superintendent of Public
Printing, in reference to this subject, directed to
the chairman of the Committee on Printing, read
by the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
it will be read.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object to its read-
ing.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. For the pur-
pose, then, of saying a few words, and of having
the letter read, I move to amend by striking out
of the appropriation five dollars.
I desire to say, for the information of the com-
mittee, that notwithstanding the contract requires
that the contractors shall furnish the materials at
the places designated by the Superintendent of
Public Printing, yet it is not always convenient to
send a ship or a schooner load of paper directly
to the printing office. The printers will not re-
ceive, store, and take charge of it, and incur the
responsibility of keeping it in safety. It would
be unieasonable for us to require that they should
do it.
Besides this, the public printer is required to
superintend all theprintingdonefor the Executive
Departments of the Government. The execution
of that work requires a great variety of paper,
which must always be on hand. The Superintend-
ent cannot tell beforehand what quantity and
quality will be required for the work. It becomes
necessary, therefore, that he should have a store-
house, in which he may keep in safety a sufficient
quantity at all times.
I now ask that the letter to which I referred
may be read:
Office Superintendent Public Printing, )
Washington, March 19,1854. J
To the Chairman of the Joint Committee on Printing:
Sir : I have the honor to request that you will submit to
the Committee on Finance of the Senate the foil owing items
of appiopriation to be placed upon the deficiency biii for
tin? session, viz:
For rent of wareroom for paper from the 1st of=January
to 30th of June, 18M, at $250 per annum, §125.
For cartage of printing paper from the wareroom and the
office oi th« Superintendent of the Public Printing to the
priming offices, arid labor, from the 1st of January to the
SOtli of June, 1854, at $550 per annum, $*275.
These appropriations were submitted by me to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ot the House, but were not
placed by them m that bill. The reasons why they are ne-
cessary, are briefly these:
At the last session of Congress there was but one public
printer for both Houses, and consequently all the paper re-
quired for the public printing could he delivered directly at
his office fiom on shipboard, without expense of cartage,
(although at great inconvenience, and cos-t to hun for slor-
age,) as the contracts with our paper manufacturer.- require
them to deliver it at such places as shall be designated by
me, free of expense. There are now two printois, and
1 have been obliged, (with yur sanction,) to establish a
warerooni between the two offices, where all the printing
paper is ifceived, inspected, weighed; and then deliver it
to each office, upon their requisitions, as the law requires.
Another reason is, that to prevent the possibility of delay
in the execution of the public printing, from closure of nav-
igation or other cause, our orders upon the contractors,
who reside at different and distant points, are necessarily
very large, and we are often in the receipt of three or lour
cargoes at tiie same time, which renders it necessary that
we should have some secui e place where so large an amount
of the public property can be stored.
Besides tins, we aie obliged to receive,inspect,and weigh
at this office all the paper used for the printing of the Ex-
ecutive Departments, as also all maps, plates, &c., and to
deliver the same as they may bo required tor the public ser-
vice.
These several duties necessarily require much labor in
handling boxes, &c., as well as expense for transportation.
It has, thus far, been paid out of the appropriation for the
contingent expenses ot this office, but as that appropriation
does not exceed a hundred dollars over and above the cost
of advertising, and as this business is daily expanding, I
tee! compelled to ask the small additional appropriation
above detailed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. G. SEAMAN, Superintendent.
Mr. HAVEN". I desire to say simply this:
Heretofore, as a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and of the Committee on Print-
ing, as well as a member of this House, I have
gone to what I regarded as the very verge of lib-
erality in granting clerks to the Superintendent of
Public Printing; but the Committee of Ways and
Means were of the opinion that this would be
opening a new field of expenditure, which might
be earned to an extent which this House would be
unwilling to go. If you are to provide for ware-
houses now, other expenses incidental to the car-
rying out of such a system could be carried to
almost an unlimited extent. The Committee of
Ways and Means could see no reason why the
Superintendent of Public Printing could not con-
tract to have the paper delivered this year to the
two printing offices, as well as he could last year
to the one office ? This is all I have to say. [
hope the amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. STANTON", of Kentucky. With the
consent of the committee, I will withdraw my
amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
i was accoidmgly withdrawn.
' Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to make
the appropriation six dollars less.
Mr. Chairman, I have not examined into the
merits of this case. The Committee of Ways
and Means have, and it seems to me the exposi-
tion given by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] is perfectly conclusive in reference
to it.
«, In reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, who
has just taken his seat, 1 have nothing to say. I
have great confidence in his judgment, so far as
he has given his own judgment play m the mat-
ter. I cannot say the same, however, with regard
to that of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
I happen to know that in the construction of laws
this Superintendent is not only not reliable, but a
great deal worse than not reliable.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 wish to ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether this appropria-
tion is for a deficiency ? I desire to know whether
ft is prospective or retrospective in its applica-
tion ?
Mr. HAVEN. I understand it to be prospect-
ive.
Mr. PENNINGTON. If it is prospective, then
I think the gentleman from New York is perfectly
correct in his conclusions,and that the appropria-
tion should not be made, at least in this bill. But
if it is to be retrospective, then 1 have another
question to ask. If that is the fact, then 1 desire
to know whether it is m pursuance of contracts
already made? If there is a contract actually ex-
isting, made by the Superintendent, which calls
for this appropriation, then I do not see why it
should not be made.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know whether any
such contract has been made. If it has, it has
been without my knowledge. I have no desire to
do injustice to any one in this matter, and I will
therefore say that, early in the past winter, the
Superintendent made application to me as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing for authority
to procure these warehouses. 1 then took great
pains to ascertain whether they were necessary;
I went to the former Superintendent of the Public
Printing; I went to the Union office; I obtained
all the information I could that would lead me to
a correct conclusion, and the result was, that I
told the Committee of Ways and Means that, in
my judgment, it ought not to be granted. The
committee were of the same opinion, and they
therefore refusedtorecommend the appropriation.
What has been done since that time by the Super-
intendent i am not able to say,"but if he has made4
any such contracts, they have been made upon the
authority of the Superintendent alone.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, and in violation of
law
Mr. PENNINGTON. It seems to me that
the whole question in regard to this provision
turns upon the point whether or not the contractor
has actually performed his contract with the Gov-
ernment? If he has delivered the paper to the
Superintendent of Public Printing, the latter ac-
quiescing in its receipt under the contract, pro-
viding himself a warehouse for its storage and
safety, it appears to me that we should not now
refuse to appropriate this deficiency. But if that
has not been the fact; if this is prospective only in
its character, then it is perfectly clear that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Haven] is right.
Now, as the whole matter turns on that point,
in my judgment the Committee on the Public
Printing ought to be able to tell us whether the
contract has or has not been complied with. That
is the whole question. I understand that the papei^
has been delivered under the contract; and I am
unwilling to refuse the appropriation now under
consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. I have never heard of any
complaint of delivery of paper. The question is,
where shall they keep it after they have received
it? The paper has been delivered.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Then the question is,
whether, when that paper came here, and went
into this warehouse, it was delivered under the
contract, and received as such by the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing? If that be so, the
appropriation ought to be made. Clearly, it ought
to he paid. That is the whole question.
Is it for this committee to recommend a non-
concurrence m this amendment until it knows
whether it is possible for the Committee of Ways
and Means to tell whether the paper has been de-
livered under thecontract or not? Now, I want to
know.
Mr. HAVEN. It is possible for the committee
to tell, but I do not know whether it is possible
for the gentleman to hear.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Go on; I hear.
Mr. HAVEN. Before any warehouse was
engaged, the committee had the action which I
have already mentioned. It 'communicated its
action to the Superintendent of Public Printing.
What he has done since it is impossible for the
committee to tell. If he has done anything, he
has done it without authority of law, and in the
face and eyes of the law. We do not profess to
know what is going on contrary to law.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Has not the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing the right, under
law, to receive the paper from the contractor for
furnishing it to the Government? If he has that
right, then the question is, has he done so?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to reduce the
appropriation to one cent.
When this printing superintendency was estab-
lished, Mr. Chairman, we were told that it would
be an economical arrangement. We were to have
one Superintendent. He was the only officer to
be connected with this new bureau of the Gov-
ernment, as it now seems to be growing to one.
Some time after the Superintendent was appointed,
there was a recommendation that we should have
a batch of clerks assigned to his office. After a
scuffle, they went through the House. Now it
is proposed to give the Superintendent still further
patronage, although there is an express contract
to regulate his conduct. Instead of regulating
his conduct by that contract, the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Pennington] wants this body
to decide that he shall be the judge as to Us inter-
pretation; and that he shall be allowed to employ
warehouses, and every other conceivable means,
for the purpose of receiving and transporting
paper here and there and everywhere.
Now, why were not this warehouse and these
other things necessary during the last Congress?
Why is it that no necessity for them has ever
been found until the Senate of the United States
chose to electa printer of their own ? That strikes
me as somewhat remarkable. Last year the paper
