2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
systlfca, and then I find, in another part of the
same book, some fifty pages devoted to the con-
sideration of it. I find in it, also, a report made
to the French Academy on the subject, by three
vefy distinguished men, whose names will be
recognized at once. The committee consisted of
Arago, Pouillet, and Babmet. I will only trouble
the Senate by reading a single paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER. Read it in French.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not worth while to do
that; but I will turn it into as good English as I
can, as I go along. They say:
" The communication of Professor Espy contains a great
quantity of well observed and well-described facts. His
theory, in the actual state of science, is the only one which
satisfies the phenomena; and calculated, according to the
thought of Professor Espy, by the study of the electrical
action, when these intervene, it will leave nothing else to
desire. , .
"Finally, for physical geography, for agriculture, for
navigation, and meteorology, it will give us new explana-
tions, and useful indications for ulterior researches, and cor-
rect many accredited errors. The commission expresses
the hope that Mr. Espy may be placed by the Government
of thr United States in such a position as to pursue his im-
portant labors, and to complete his theory, already so re-
markable, by means of ail the observations and all the ex-
perience which his deductions from his theory will suggest
to him, in a country so vast, where enlightened men are not
wanting to science, which ih, besides, o country of the most
formidable meteors."
In conclusion they say:
"In consequence, the commission proposes to the acad-
emy to give its approbation to the work of Professor Espy,
to entreat him to continue lus researches, and above all, to
well define the part which electricity plays in these great
phenomena, of which a complete theory will be on§ of the
most precious acquisitions of modern science.55
This is the way in which they speak abroad of
his labors. The gentleman from Florida pro-
poses to strike out this clause, and put an end to
them; because, as he says, Professor Espy is not
a recognized officer of the Government. Well,
sir, he nas been for ten years recognized as an
employee of the Government for this purpose.
He was originally employed under the authority
of law by the Secretary of the Navy, who was
authorized so to do; and it is simply proposed to
continue that which the law has repeatedly ac-
knowledged as proper and made appropriations
for. I see no reason for striking out, and I hope
the clause will be retained.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, you will
observe, that the honorable Senator has not sug-
fested, as I remarked, that the name of Professor
ispy has ever been introduced into an appropria-
tion bill heretofore. Appropriations have been
made for meteorological observations, leaving the
Navy Department to have them made where they
could be best made. Now, this clause in the bill
recognizes Professor Epsy as an officer of the
Government when he has never been so employed.
I submit, again, if the observations be material to
us, they should be made at the Observatory, for
which we appropriate money most liberally. If
left here to obey the dictates of my own judg-
ment, I should advocatethe payment of Professor
Espy; but I do not now feel at liberty to do so,
because I consider it an abuse. We have as much
right to appropriate money to any private individ-
ual who comes here and presents us a book upon
a useful subject, but who has never been em-
ployed by us, as to make this appropriation for
Professor Espy.
In view of the enormous expenditure now ap-
propriated from year to year for our Observatory,
with all the necessary apparatus and instruments
for tkese observations, it is for the Senate to decide
whether we are to be taxed with this $2,000 a year,
having no recognized officer to do it, when we
have all the means and appliances within our own
control? With due deference to the honorable
  Senator's remarks about meteorology, I must say
that I do not speak unknowingly on this subject;
for, for ten years of my life it occupied my own
attention. 1 think he hazards a great deal when
he says we have not a lieutenant in the Navy who
can make these observations. I should say that
if he reduced the rank down to midshipman, he
would still hazard a great deal. 1 should think
very little of the intellect, and still less of the in-
dustry, of any passed midshipman in the service
who could not observe all these facts with the
proper instruments under his control.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not doubt their ability to
make observations. That I did not deny; but, I
said, to make these reductions and generalizations,
wfeieh requirea peculiar degree of information and ,
theoretical ability, is a very different thing. Any-
body, I suppose, can take an observation; but it
is not everybody who can reduce a number of«<b-
servations to anything like general principles, who
can get new truths out of them; for that is what
Professor Espy is doing. Scientific truth is ob-
tained by deductions from a vast variety of obser-
vations. Anybody can make observations, 1
suppose—I do not think that any marvelous ex-
ploit—-but it is something to be able to generalize,
so as to get from them a great physical truth; and
that is what Professor Espy has done, and the
French Academy has recognized it.
Now, in order to meet the objection of the Sen-
ator from Florida, 1 should have no objection to
amend the clause in the bill so as to make it read:
" To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay
for meteorological/esearches for the current fiscal
! year," &c. That would obviate the Senator's
■ objection to the clause as it stands.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator will let us
vote on this proposition, and then he can move to
in s er t
Mr. PEARCE. Very well.
Mr. COOPER. I hope that the appropriation
for continuing the observations that Professor
Espy has been engaged in forthe last dozen years,
will be retained, 1 presume it is known to the
whole Senate, and indeed to the whole country,
that this man has acquired quite a degree of rep-
utation by his knowledge of meteorology and the
deductions he has made from his observations.
These observations have been for years past
applied practically, and have been found valuable
in many respects. There is now scarcely an offi-
cer in the Navy, or in the commercial marine of
the United States, who does not acknowledge the
indebtedness that the mariner owes to Professor
Espy. All of them have his tables; all of them
are more or less acquainted with his theory; and
all of them have recognised it to a greater or less
extent.
Now, sir, he is continuing these observations
from year to year, gathering more facts to be ana-
lyzed when the whole mass shall be collected.
When there is no more required for a purpose
that may do so much for science, than the pitiful
sum proposed in the bill, I am sure it would be
highly improper to strike it out. This gentleman
is possessed of great industry; he has devoted
himself, and is continually devoting himself to
this branch of science and to making deductions
from facts in connection with it; and he is more
competent to do it, perhaps, than any other man
now living in the world. At least we know of no
one who has made the same progress in this de-
partment of science that he has done. I hope,
therefore, that the appropriation will be made, and
these obsft'vations.continued.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I hope this
amendment will not be agreed to, and that the
appropriation made by the House, in accordance
with the uniform rule, with but one exception, 1
think, for the last ten years, will be retained. Mr.
Espy is a man of great modesty and great merit,
and he has contributed largely to the sum of hu-
man knowledge on that important branch of in-
quiry to which he has directed his attention. His
labors have been very useful to our Navy and to
the world; and I think that after we have made
appropriations so extravagantly as we have done,
now to strike out $3,000 for so useful a work,
would be a very foolish piece of economy amidst
the wide field of abuse that seems to exist in all
departments of the Government. The effect would
be to strike out what is really good, because you
have put in things that are really bad.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Maryland as moving
to modify the clause before the question is taken
on striking out ?
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir, I will not make that
offer now.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
"Mr. GWIN. 1 am directed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to move to amend the following
clause: " To enable the Secretary of the Navy to
test any improvements in steam boilers, or other
[ steam machinery, with reference to the construc-
| tion of steamers fortheNavy of the United States,
j as in his opinion may be calculated to benefit the
| public service, $10,000," by striking out all after
I the word " other " to the word " service," inclu-
sive, and to insert in lieu of the words thus stricken
out, " improvements applicable to naval pur-
poses;" so as to make the clause read: " To en-
able the Secretary of the Navy to test any improve-
ments in steam boilers or other improvements
applicable to naval purposes, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is a merely
verbal one, to strikeout " from,"and insert "for,"
in the appropriations for the Portsmouth navy-
yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ - «
Mr. GWIN. I am also directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the appropriation for
ordnance and ordnance stores:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay for the use
of the steamer Columbus on the coast of California and m
the Pacific, m pursuance of the contract entered into by
Cduidin Duniin, of the sloop-of war Portsmouth, on the
first day of February, 1854, $113,638.
I will state, sir, that during the time expeditions
were being fitted out in California for SoYiora, it
became necessary thatthenaval force of the United
States on that coast should be increased to prevent
the consummation of the schemes which were
gotten up there for the purpose of taking posses-
sion of that country. There was no ship-of-war
at the time in the Bay of San Francisco, and it
became necessary to employ a steamship to go to
the various bays and harbors for the purpose, if
possible, of preventing a viojation of the neutrality
laws ot the United States, and also,in theeventof
any disaster happening to the parties in those ex-
peditions, to bring them back to the United Slates.
The Secretary of the Navy directed the proper
officers on the Pacific coast to charter a ship, if
necessary. This vessel was chartered, and went
down the coast, and did effective service. The
appropriation is asked for in order to carry out the
contract made by the proper officer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not exactly understand
this appropriation, and I should like to hear some
further explanation of it. This is a very heavy
sum of money to appropriate for the mere charter
of a vessel under such circumstances, and I should
like the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to give us some information upon it. Does
the Secretary of the Navy recommend the appro-
priation ?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir, I have his letter in my
hand. The appropriation is to earry out his en-
gagement. Here are all the documents. The
amendment is exactly in the words of the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator state briefly
what was the length of time this steamer was em-
ployed on this particular service.
Mr. GWIN. The documents show that she
was on the coast about two months, or perhaps
more. The steamer towed down the ship-of-war
Portsmouth, and itisnotoriousthatshewas instru-
mental in suppressing the movements which were
made there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. For how many days was
this vessel chartered for $113,000?
Mr. GWIN. Here is the statement of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and I will ask to have it read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What was the length of
the service?
Mr. GWIN. I send the documents to the Sec-
retary's desk, and ask that the letter from the
Navy Department may be read.
  The Secretary read the following letter:
Navy Department, August 1, 1854.
Sir: T s<=nd you the papers explaining fully the facts in
regaid to chartering the steamer Columbus to aid in sup-
pressing unlawful expeditions upon Mexican territory.
You will recollect that your committee passed a resolution
advising this to be done, and that, on inquiry into thefacts,
the President concurred with me in authorizing Commander
Dornm to employ a steamer, if necessary, and it it could
be done on reasonable terms. Commander Dornin eonsid;
ered it necessary, and employed the steamer; and wuh its
assistance he succeeded in accomplishing what he under-
took. The opinion is expressed by the navy agent that the
price was too high. If the committee move an amendment,
I would suesrest whether the Secretary of the Navy might
not be authorized to pay the amount, unless, on inquiry, he
shall become satisfied that a less sum was right and proper.
Respectfully, J. C. DOBBIN.
Hon. William M. Gwin, Ohairman Committee on Naval
Jijfairs, United States Senate.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment was drawn up
with the discretionary power mentioned in the^
letter of the'Seeretary of the Navy; but that offi-
cer afterwards sent us a note stating that, as it wat*
