1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
could be received, the Superintendent could dis-
pose of it, he could place it where he thought it
ought to go, and yet there was nothing asked
'under the Superintendent then for cartftig, or
storage, or anything else. Since the 1st of Janu-
ary last al! these things are to be provided for.
Now, I have an objection to all this thing. I
think that there is a growing disposition in this
House, as well as in the other, to multiply officers
of the country. We find now various schemes
for the multiplication of officers. For example:
the Governors of Territories heretofore have per-
formed the duties of Governor as well as those of
superintendent of Indian affairs. It is now pro-
posed to separate those duties, and to make the
Governor and superintendent perfectly independ-
ent. So it is with various other things going on
here; and it does seem to me that this body ought
to look into this matter, and, instead of multiply-
ing officers, increasing patronage, that it should
reduce some of these officers, if possible, or, at
any rate, it should not go on to increase the num-
ber, and thereby to increase the patronage to be
bestowed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 desire only
to say, that under the new law the printing costs
comparatively nothing to what it did before. The
law provided that the paper should be of a better
quality. It has been so, and it necessarily costs
more. It is true, however, that the aggregate
cost of the printing and paper will not be more,
in proportion to the amount of work ordered by
Congress, than it was some time ago. But in
consequence of the accumulation of material on
hand this warehouse was absolutely necessary to
be employed, and the Superintendent employed
it under the direction of tne Joint Committee on
Printing. He has only occupied the warehouse
for four months, and there are now on hand six
thousand reams of paper, which are being daily
distributed to the various printing offices. There
must be some safe place in which to keep the
paper provided by the Government, because the
printers cannot keep it.
Mr. LETCflER. I understood from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means tljat when this claim
was presented, as far back as January last, they
decided that it could not be allowed under the
contract for furnishing paper. Now, I under-
stand from the gentleman from Kentucky that
the Committee on Printing have authorized the
Superintendent to occupy these warehouses.
Mr. STANTON. The law places the Super-
intendent of Public Printing immediately under
the supervision of the Joint Committee on Print-
ing; and before the Superintendent acted in this
matter, lie came into the committee room and
asked the advice and assent of that committee;
and the committee,*seeing the necessity of it,
granted that assent.
Mr. LETCHER- What authority had the
committee to give that assent, under any law ?
iYlr. STAINfTON. We gave our advice when
lie asked it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Let me ask the
gentleman another question'
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. BAYLY. I would ask the gentleman if
there have not been some other cases in which
the Superintendent has not been disposed to take
the advice of the committee'
Mr. STANTON. None that I know of.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I do.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate; and it was decided
in the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate was
read, as follows:
Page fourteen, after line three hamlieil and twenty-five,
insert as follows:
And the limitations imposed l y the piovisions contained
in the act of 15th May, 1850, entitled "An act to supply
deficiencies m the appropriations tor the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1850 and the act of
3d March, 1853, entitled " An act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30tli of June, 1654," be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out all of the thirty-eighth amendment, anil insert
in heu thereof the following •
And that the period limited for the appointment of com-
missioner, surveyor, and chief astronomer, by the act of
May, 1850, shall be, and the same is hereby, extended to
the 30th of June, 1855.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment of the Senate
is to extend the period in which the Boundary
Commission are to run the boundary between the
United States and Mexico. By the civil and
diplomatic act, passed at the last session of Con-
gress, the period of this commission was extended
to the 1st April, 1854. The Secretary of the in-
terior, in his annual report, makes use of the fol-
lowing language upon this subject:
" Nothing further has been done with that part of the
Mexican boundary survey which is west of the (so termed)
initial point on the Rio Grande. The appropriation did not
apply to it, nor was any portion of it intended to be so ex-
pended.
" The question of the southern boundary of New Mex-
ico having become a subject of negotiation between the
two Governments, has been transferred to the State De-
partment.
" The work in the field, on the undisputed portion of the
boundary, has been completed, and nothing remains to be
done but the office work. Much progress has been made
in this, and with an adequate appropriation it can be fin-
ished in the course of the next eighteen months, if the data
necessary to compare and reduce the observations foi lon-
gitude, made by the surveyor and his assistants, can be ob-
tained.
u The maps, ajter they are completed, are to be compared
with the Mexican maps, and signed by the commissioner and
surveyor. Jf$ the Mexican commission has jrronressed less
rapidly, and it is uncertain when its work will be finished,
our commission should not expire before the mu^s are fully
completed and signed, agreeably to the stipulations of the
treaty. The act of 1853 should bo modified accordingly."
The Committee of Ways and Means object to
the amendment of the Senate, believing that it
would disturb the provisions already made bylaw
regulating the salaries of the military officers who
may be engaged upon that commission. Believing
that it would be a desirable object to extend the
period of time for this commission to complete its
work, according to the treaty stipulation with
Mexico, the committee recommend the.adoption
of the amendment already reported by the Clerk
in lieu of the amendment by the Senate.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the Senate amendment; and it was agreed
to.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the amendment, as amended; and it was agreed
to.
The thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate was
then read. Insert:
For engraving maps, views, sections, and natural history
of the survey of the boundary between the United States*
and Mexico, $10,000; to be expended under the direction
of the Secretaiy of the Interior.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer an amend-
ment, to strike out the following words:
" Views, aeolions, and natural history."
The appropriation asked for in this amendment
is needed for the purpose of completing the en-
graving of the maps of the survey between the
United States and Mexico. In the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the repoi^
from the chief surveyor of the Boundary Com-
mission, it is said that $20,000 will be needed for
the purpose of completing these maps, and also
the views, sections, and natural history, but that
only $10,000 can be advantageously used during
this year. The committee therefore recommend
the adoption of the amendment 1 have offered.
But if these maps shall be completed; if they
shall be engraved, the Congress of the United
States ia called upon to publish a large edition of
these "views, sections, and of these engravings of
the various specimens of natural history collected
by the Boundary Commission.
Mr. KEITT. 1 trust the committee will not
concur in that amendment. The committee will
perceive that the provision of $10,000 is for en-
graving maps, views, sections, and natural history.
Now, if, as is proposed, we strike out the words
"views, sections, and natural history," it will
leave nothing but the engraving of maps.
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) I wish to state
to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt,] that$12,000 was estimated for the purpose
of completing the work as here specified. But the
Boundary Commission thought that they could
only advantageously use the sum of $10,000 at
the time, and the committee thought that that sum
was sufficient to complete the engraving of maps.
Mr. KEITT. I have only this to say in the
matter: The gentleman who was at the head of
that committee informed me this morning that
$10,000 was quite sufficient for all the purposes
mentioned in this clause—for engraving maps,
views, sections, and natural history. And he
said—what I submit" to this committee—that the
$10,000 here asked to be appropriated will cover
everything recited in the clause; and if we strike
out the words " views, sections, and natural his-
tory," we will apply $10,000 to the engraving of
maps, and we will derive no more ad vantage from
this appropriation than if we kept in the remain-
ing words.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina permit me to set nim right in the
matter ?
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will now read the estimate.
It has been estimated that the whole work would
cost $20,000; but I understood the gentleman from
Virginia to remark that the whole work would
only amount to $10,000.
Mr. KEITT. I have only stated what I un-
derstood this morning, from the head of the Bound-
ary Commission, that $10,000 was all that was
necessary to carry out this entire proposition.
Mr. PHELPS. Then why has not that gen-
tleman submitted this estimate; and why did he
permit any of his inferior officers to make an esti-
mate different from that which he made ?
Mr. KEITT. I do not know. I only make
this statement in accordance with the information
I have received.
* Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to ask the
gentleman acting for the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Phelps] one question. What is the
use of having these maps made of the boundary,
when it is probable that the boundary is about to
be changed ?
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to that question, I
will say, that this House, or the Committee of
Ways and Means, knows nothing definite of the
change of boundary. We are aware that there is
a negotiation pending aboutit; that we know from
rumor. But whatever action may be taken on it, I
believe that, whether there be a different bound-
ary established or not, the publication of these
maps would add much to the geographical knowl-
edge of the country. That is the reason why the
proposition is recommended.
Hie question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For wood cutrf purchased by the Commissioner of Patents
for illustrating the mechanical part of the Patent Office Re-
port of 1853-'4, ordered by the House of Representatives,
$1,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I was about to rise to a ques-
tion of order with respect to this proposition.
But still I am willing to hear the explanation of
the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle.]
Mr. RIDDLE. The Commissioner of Patents
not heing aware of the course usually pursued by
the House of Representatives, entered into a con-
tract with a gentleman in New York for the wood
cuts necessary to illustrate the mechanical part of
the Patent Office Report.
The whole amount is $3,000. The Committee
on Accounts in the Senate claimed twenty-five per
cent, of that as properly chargeable to the Senate,
leaving, thereby, three quarters to be paid for by
the House. But, as the question was never sub-
mitted to the Committee on Engraving, the House
has never authorized the money to be paid, while
there is a surplus m the possession of the com-
mittee. The House will have to pay it; and this
is the only plan by which, as far as I can see, the
money will be paid, as the Commissioner requests.
Mr. ROWE. As there has been so much noise
here, I do not know what the pending amendment
is. I ask that it may be read again.
The amendment wasaccordingly again reported.
The question was then put; and the amendment
was adopted.
The question recurring upon the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, it was put; and decided in the
affirmative.
The fortieth amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
For the completion of the bridge across the Potomac
river at Little Falls, and painting thereof, agreeably to the
plan adopted under the direction of the President of the
United States, ,$75,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committeeof Ways and
