1854.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman to state that the object of this bill is to give
lands between Lake Superior and the Mississippi
river, and not beyond St. Paul?
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir. I will state
to the gentleman that the object of the bill is to
grant lands from Lake Superior to St. Paul, and
from Sr. Paul to the southern boundary of Min-
nesota.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is also intended to
grant the right of way down to the other point—
the terminus of the Illinois Central railroad.
Mr. LETCHER. To whom do you propose
to grant the right .of way through the State of
Illinois?
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is not through the
State of Illinois at all, but through the State of
Iowa; and the intention is to give the right of way
to the Territory of Minnesota, if she builds this
road, so that she may connect it with the Illinois
Central railroad.
Mr. LETCHER. Do you mean to give the
Territory of Minnesota the right of way through
the public lands in an adjacent State?
Mr. RICHARDSON. We do.
Mr. LETCHER. What, through the public
lands in the State of Illinois?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. If you proposed to give the
right of way to the State of Iowa through the pub-
lic lands within her own borders I could see the
force of it; but to give to a Territory the right of
"way through the public lands in a neighboring
State seems to me to be an anomaly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, I do
not know thatit is a matter of importance enough
to be discussed here. I say to thegentleman that
the bill proposes to give nothing except what is
had under the law now existing.
Mr. LETCHER. Then strike it out.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It was in the bill as it
came from the Senate, and the Representatives
from Iowa, as I understand, desire that it shall be
retained.
Mr. COOK. As I understand, the object is to
give to Minnesota a grant of land within her ter-
ritorial boundaries, and to give to that Territory,
or to any company which may be established
under and by virtue of her laws, the right to run
to the northern terminus of the Illinois Central
railroad. The proposition which is contained in
the first section of this bill, and which authorizes
them to go through the public lands for that pur-
pose, does not give to the Territory of Minnesota
or any company to be chartered by it, the first acre
of land to aid in the construction of the road. It
is wished that the bill shall be so shaped that there
shall be a terminus at either end of the proposed
roadm Minnesota; and it is proposed to commence
on Lake Superior to run to St. Paul, and thence to
the southern boundary of the Territory of Minne-
sota, or the northern boundary of Iowa; and in
order that they may have a connection with another
railroad, to give them such privileges as can be
granted by the Congress of the United States, to
extend their road to the northern terminus of the
Illinois Central railroad.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. PRXNGLE. I move to insert before the
word "designated" the words *4 that is to say
those," so that the section will read—
" Evei y alternate section of land m said Territory of Min-
nesota, that is to say, those designated by odd nunibeia," &.c.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr." STUART, of Ohio. I move the following
to come in at the end of the first section:
Pronded further, That the alternate sections reserved to
the United States shall not be open to entry until the rail-
road heroin provided (or shall have been located and d'^ig-
natod by good and sufficient landmarks. and the route ir is
to pntj-ue •shall have boon nurt'f'ulaiJy described m an ad-
veitiscnont to be published thiee months in ail the news-
paper selected by the Secietaiy ol the intenoi to publish
the ad vein semen ts of sales of public hinds, the co^t of tjiieh
publications to he defrayed by !he railroad company.
The object of this amendment is to protect actual
settlers. It is known that these corporators have
it in their power to run their road by a great many
different lines. Two or three different points have
-been laid over for its route, but they have the priv-
ilege of running between these points in any direc-
tion through the country. Ofcoursetheremust be
a great many different routes by which these points
can be reached. These corporations send out
their engineers and surveyors to make their recon-
noissance. When the notes are received, the cor-
porators sit down in their offices, compare notes,
and determine by themselves which is the best
and most eligible route. Do these corporations
then publish that route? No such thing. The
several corporators have particular friends; to
them they confide the knowledge of the route se-
lected, and they and their friends go out and buy
up the lands along the line of the proposed rail-
road. And afterwards, when the route becomes
publicly known, all the best land is located.
The amendment which I have offered is de-
signed to protect the interests of actual settlers
from such schemes. It is designed to give those
persons who desire to purchase land in these re-
gions equal chances with the corporators and their
friends. I think, therefore, that the amendment
is a proper one; and it is one which I purpose to
offer to each one of these bills. I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
amendment oifered by the gentleman from Ohio,
and 1 desire to have a vote taken upon it. I im-
plore the committee that, as we have other bills
which it is important to have passed, they will
vote at once upon this bill, and get it out of the
way of the others. Let it be either defeated or
passed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make a re-
mark upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stuart.]
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order upon it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I simply wish to state
to the committee that the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio is not necessary. I de-
sire to state to the gentleman from Ohio that the
Senate bill, which has been reported to the House
some days ago, had for its object the protection of
the actual settlers within the line of the section of
these railroads. And if the object of the gentle-
man's amendment was simply to secure to the ac-
tual settler the right to make his location, I would
say to him that that right will be protected by the
Senate bill, when it shall have been acted upon
by this House. That bill is of a general, not
special, character. It applies to all locations of
railroads to which grants have been or may be
made. Being" of this general character, it would
be better to pass it, and thus to establish the prin-
ciple of it than to be at the trouble of making an
amendment of the same character for every bill of
that kind which may come up for our considera-
tion.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stuart,] and
the Chairman announced that the vote appeared
to be in the negative.
Several Members. Divide, divide.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend that amend-
ment by striking out the last clause of it. The
effect, Mr. Chairman, if I understand the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, would
be this: It would have the effect of preventing any
of the lands being brought into market—it may
be, for an unlimited period of time. This bill, if
passed, allows the Territory of Minnesota a period
of ten years to construct a railroad. Now, sup-
pose that the Territory of Minnesota do not in-
corporate a railroad company, or suppose that a
railroad company, if incorporated, do not locate
the road for the period of seven yeais; are you by
the adoption of this amendment—for such would
be the effect of it—to prevent any location of lands
within the Territory for that length of time? I
repeat, this would be the effect of the proposition.
I therefore oppose that amendment; and I now
ask the unanimous consent of the committee to
withdraw my amendment to it.
There being no objection, the amendment to the
amendment was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by thegentleman fromOhio, [Mr. Stuart,]
and, on a division, it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
to report the second section of the bill.
The second section was accordingly read:
Sec, 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States, withm six miles on each side of .said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold; nor shall any of siich
lands become subject to private entry-until the same have
been first offered at public sale at the increased price.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out that section. The effect of it will be, if adopted,
to leave the remaining sections in the possession
of the Government at the minimum price of $1 25
per acre, whiclj I think is nothing but right.
If the Government is to give away this land,
let her look for remuneration to the transportation
of her property, her troops, and her mails, and
not get an equivalent for the land she gives in the
enhanced price of the land retained, and then re-
quire this service in addition.
Again, sir, this section proposes to double the
price upon all the land reserved within six miles
of the road. I suppose it is fair to infer, that if the
land along the route of the road will be enhanced
in value by the construction of the road, the land
also within six and a half, seven, eight, and per-
haps ten miles from the road, will also be increased
in value; and where the odd sections within the
six miles have been sold by the Government, or
have been disposed of by preemption rights, then
they are to take an equivalent amount of land
beyond the six miles from the road, but not to ex-
ceed fifteen miles, I believe. Now, I think it will
be nothing but right to strike that section out, and
leave the remaining lands at the minimum price.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, and desire a vote upon it.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The Clerk then read the third section, as fol-
lows:
"Sec, 3. rfndle it further enacted, That the said lands,
hereby gianted to the baid Territory shall be bubjeet to the
disposal ot the Legislature thereof, for the purposes afore-
said and no other: and the said railroad .shall be and remain
a public highway, for the use of the Government of the
United States, free from toll or other charge upon the trans-
portation of any property or troops of the United States."
Mr. DEAN. I send to the Clerk an amend-
ment to that section, and I ask the committee to
listen to its reading, as it is designed to carry out
the object of the bill, as set forth by its friends.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the third ejection the words:
—forever. And in case of neglect or refusal on the part of
said rmhoad, or the persons having chargc thereof, to trans-
port said troops and property free of charge, the locomo-
t uves, cars, machinery, and persons employed in opera-
ting the same, shall at all times be subject to the order of
the Secretary of War, or person in command of any tioopg
or property of the United States, which said Secretary or
peihOii in command may deem necessarj to be transported
on said road: Provided, That as soon as said troops and
j property '•hall have been transported, said road, locomo-
i uves, cars, machinery, and persons shall be immediately
' surrendered by the person taking possession thereof.
Mr. DEAN. It is said that the object of this
third section is to secure the transportation of the
j Government troops, munitions of war, and what-
ever may be necessary therefor, free of cost.
Now, if I understand that section, it does not
give the Government that privilege. It merely
makes the railroad a highway, and when the
troops and property of the Government reaches
that point for the purpose of transportation, sup-
pose the company should say to the Government
officers: "There is the railroad, but we will not
let you have the cars or the locomotives 
Mr. BISSELL, (interrupting.) We will then
impress them.
Mr. DEAN. The gentleman says we will im-
press them. What would be the result of such a
course? You will have, for years and years,
agents here swarming around the Capitol, pressing
claims upon Congress for damages from impress-
ing; them.
I do not want to consume the time of the com-
mittee in discussing this matter; but I ask, that
the gentlemen who favor this bill should so frame
it as to secure to the Government the right of
having; their troops and property transported, and
makethe company or the State responsible for
not doing it by pecuniary penalties, or else put it
into the hands of the officers o£ the Government, so
that no claim can be brought against the Govern-
ment for taking possession of the road. This
amendment effects the object by giving to the per-
son m command of the troops the power to take
possession of thelocomotives and otherpmperty of
the road, for the purpose of transporting the same;
