1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
a contract which had been consummated, it was
not necessary to insert those words, and accord-
ingly the committee struck them out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 must express my dis-
satisfaction with this matter. I am endeavoring
to o'otain from the committee some knowledge as
to the length of time &r which this steamer was
chartered, and the rate at which she was chartered
in order to ascertain what price we are paying
for her services which can possibly amount to such
an exorbitant sum as $113,000.
Mr. J3-WIN. There is among the papers a
statement which I will ask the Secretary to read:
The Secretary read the following letter:
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, \
New York, July 5, 1854. ^
Sir t T had the honor this morning lo receive your letter
of the 3d instant, and I now inclose to you the following
papers, as duplicates of them have not reached you:
Bill for charter of steamer Ooluiubus, approved by Lieuten-
ant William H. Ball, amounting to $100,500
Bill for coal furnished the steamer Columbus, also
approved by Lieutenant William H. Ball  12,31)5
Bill tor t xpenses m coaling, allowed by Lieuten-
ant F. Stanley  643
Bill for same, approved by Commander Dormn.. 110
Bill for cundry expenses, approved by Lieutenant
William H. Ball.?  80
$113,638
I further inclose the original letter of Lieutenant Ball sur-
rendering the steamer Columbus to our lieutenant, and an
original letter from R. P. As>lie, navy agent, stating thai no
payment* have been made by him for services performed
b> the Columbus, and th.it Captain D< rniu had advised him
of his orders to Lieutenant Ball, to approve or' the bills m
accordance with the charter party.
Respectfully vour obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. ASPINWALL, President.
Hon. J. C. Dobbin, secretary of the Naiy,
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bills are what we
want to get at. If the Secretary will read the
bills, we may see what was the rate of the charter.
Mr. GWIN. One thousand five hundred dol-
lars a day; and the usual price for coal was then
thirteen dollars a ton, I think. That was the char-
ter party. It was a contract made and consum-
mated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What was the size of the
vessel?
Mr. GWIN. I do not know her size, but I
believe it was fifteen hundred or two thousand
tons.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not see, sir, how we can
very well avoid the payment of this sum. The
Secretary of the'Navy, it seems, directed the com-
manding officer of the squadron on the Pacific to
charter a vessel, if, m his judgment, it was neces-
sary. In pursuance of that order, he did charter
a vessel, he being left to determine the question
whether the necessity had arisen. I regret very
much that such an order was given, because, in
my judgment, the employment of a steamer in
this service was not necessary to effect the object;
and I do not know that any particular good re-
sulted from it. And in the second place, the con-
tract seems to be rather extravagant. A vessel
could have been obtained for less j.rice, I think, if
proper means had been used. I do not suppose
that this vessel is really worth more than §100,000.
She is one of the second class of steamers upon
the Pacific, one that is not ordinarily used now, I
believe, in the transportation of passengers. But
I do not see how we can honestly avoid the pay-
ment of the debt. The Department ordered the
contract to be made. It has been made; the service
has been rendered; and now we are called upon to
pay for it. I am sorry for it, because it is located*
in the State of California, and it will be charged as
an appropriRion for that State. I think the citi-
zens of California are able to preserve the neutral-
ity laws, and deport themselves as good citizens,
without the agency of any steamship being sent
there to look after'the men who go to Lower Cali-
fornia or Sonora
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot agree to this
amendment, and I hope the Senate will not. I
trust there will be some further investigation of
the matter before we consent to such a charge as
this. 1 have taken up this charter party as if has
been laid on the table by the committee, in order
to ascertain what was the tonnage of this vessel,
and I find that the tonnage was left in blank. I
find that she was a steam propeller, in the harbor
of San Francisco; and there, without any act of
Congress, with an authority, the nature of which
I do not perfectly comprehend, upon a mere sug-
gestion, ae it appears, from the Navy Depart-
ment here, authorizing the commanding officers
there to procure the assistance of vessels, if they
had not national vessels sufficient, a charter was
made by which, for the service of a steam pro-
peller for seventy days, a claim is made against
this Government of ^113,000 or $114,000—a sum
which, according to the statement of one of the
Senators from California, would seem to be more
than the entire value of the vessel. The length of
time through which the vessel was engaged was
seventy days, and the bill for her service ia
$100,500, which is seventy days at $1,500 a day.
The proposition is to pay $100,500 for the use of
a vessel for seventy days, and then pay all her
bills, or, at least, those expenses which are
heaviest on steam vessels—to pay for coal, &c.
We are charged $1,500 for the bare use of the
vessel—a price admitted to be extravagant.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not know that the price
fixed on is extravagant, when compared with the
contract made at New York for a steamer to go
out in search of the wreck of the San Francisco.
That, I believe, was $1,000 a day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That may very well be,
and that nmy befive times as much as was proper.
1 will not undertake to say how much was paid
elsewhere; nor do I think it is a just mode of ar-
gument to justify one abuse by cuing another as
a precedent. I do not know whether this sum
has been paid; but it appears to me that it must
be obvious to any man who knows anything on
these subjects, that this is a most exorbitant and
shameful price. It is one which the Senate ought
never to consent to, unless some further explana-
tions are given than we have yet received. I
should like to know, first, the legal authority by
which this charter was made; and next, I should
like to have some better proof than 1 can find in
the papers in this case of the necessity of giving
any such sum as was here agreed to be paid. The
charter is here. It does agree to pay that price.
But there is nothing before us to show that other
steamers could not have been obtained at a lower
price. There is nothing before us to show that
if a steamer had been wanted for this length of
time, it would not have been better for the com-
mander, m behalf of the Navy of the United
States, to give $100,000 for the propeller—and then
it would have belonged to us—rather than to have
us to pay for it, and then to leave it in possession
of the party after receiving its full value. It is an
operation which I think the Senate will not be
disposed to ratify.
Mr. DAWSON. What is the amount pro-
posed to be paid ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. One hundred and thirteen
thousand six hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
Mr. DAWSON. For how many days was the
vessel emploved ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Seventy days.
! Mr. PRATT. May I inquire of my friend from
j Louisiana whether he can turn to the letter of the
] Secretary of the Navy, conferring authority on
I the naval officer to make the charter party?
j Mr. BENJAMIN. That letter itself I find is
not here; but I have before me the letter of the
i Secretary of the Navy of the 1st of August, 1854,
] addressed to the chairman of the Committee on ;
; Naval Affairs of this body, in which the Secretary !
j says:
i " i send you tlie papers explaining fully the facts in ■
regard to chartering the steamer Columbus to aid ill sup- i
pressing unlawful expeditions in Mexican territory. You -
1 will recollect that your committee passed a resolution ad- j
j vising this to be done, and that on inquiring into the facts,
j the President concurred with me in authorizing Com-
i inander Dormn to employ a steamer, if necessary, and if it
| could be done on reasonable terms. ComnMiider Dormn
I considered it necessary, and employed the steamer, and
j with its assistance, he succeeded m accomplishing what
j he undertook. The opinion is expressed by the navy
{ agent that the price wan too high."
I The allusion, as I understand, is to the navy
! agent at San Francisco, an officer of the Govern-
j ment on the spot, who expressed the opinion that
| the price was too bi^h. The letter proceeds:
j " ff the committee move an amendment, I would suggest,
i whether the Secietary of the Navy might not be authorized
to pav tiie amount, unles-, on inquiry, he shall become sat-
j that a less sum was right and proper.*'
Now, the amendment is reported without dis-
cretion to the Secretary of the Navy to allow a
less sum if he should consider it right and proper
on examination. That qualification has been
stricken out by the committee for reasons which
the Senator from California has stated, which
were satisfactory to him and to the committee;
but I still consider that this is too important a
matter, and too large a sum, for us to consent to
this payment without further investigation and
further explanation.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, in the letter which
has been read, the Secretary of the Navy stated
that he pursued this course on the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs. When
it was supposed that these expeditions were being
fitted out, and would probably be mischievous on
the Pacific coast, that committee passed an in-
formal resolution, that if, in his opinion, it was
necessary, he himself should charter a vessel. At
that time it was understood there was one at
Panama which could, within thirty days, sweep*
the whole gulf of California, and accomplish the
object. That was the extent of the action 'of the
Naval Committee. It was done for the purpose
of preventing the landing of these expeditions, if
possible, and to prevent a collision between the
expeditionists and citizens of Mexico. In addi-
tion to that, it was supposed that the expeditions
had been got up by such small numbers of indi-
viduals that they would undoubtedly fail, and it
was feared that some catastrophe would happen
to them, such as happened to the Havana expe-
ditions. It was feared that, as soon as they
landed, the Mexicans would take them prisoners,
and instantly put them to death. It was thought
that the better plan was, if possible, to prevent
their landing, or to prevent any disaster to them,
by arresting them, if possible, and bringing them
back to the United States for trial. The Secre-
tary of the Navy, instead of making a charter, as
suggested by the Naval Committee, concluded to
send authority to the commander on the naval
station at San Francisco; and that officer, who is
a eallant officer of the Navy, chartered this vessel.
The Senator from Louisiana says it was a
shameful transaction. I should like to know on
what authority he announces that it was a shame-
ful transaction? I should like to know what
authority he has for saying any such thing?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated" it on the face of
the transaction; and I do not hesitate to say that,
on the face of the transaction, it is a shameful
waste. 1 say it on my responsibility as a Semi-
te r.
Mr. GWIN. That is the Senator's statement,
but it will not be sustained by any man who will
examine the subject fairly and impartially. The
price may be too high, but is there anything
shameful in that? The officer was authorized by
the head of the Department to make this contract.
He made it. The navy agent—so the Secretary
informs us, and I suppose the documents bear it
out—says the price was too high. Suppose it
was too high; what was there shameful in the
transaction? The officer thought it was neces-
sary for the public service that he should charter
this vessel; otherwise he would not have done if.
This gentleman is absent. He is not here to de-
fend himself. So far as any imputations on him
personally are concerned, 1 will repel them.
There is not an officer in the public service who
slands higher.
Mr. ATCHISON called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to suggest
an amendment to the amendment, in compliance
with the recommendation of the head of the Navy
Department, so as to provide that it be left to his
discretion.
Mr. WELLER. So it is.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That was in the original
amendment, but it was stricken out. I desire to
have that clause restored.
i Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing to agree
j to that. The Secretary of the Navy, after he sent
to the committee the letter which has been read,
sent me a private note yesterday morning, stating
that, inasmuch as it was a specific contract, he did
not see that the amount could be reduced. I read
it to the committee, and they agreed to strike out
that clause in the original amendment. I believe
the Senator from Pennsylvania was not present
'i m the committee at the time.
!! Mr. WELLER. I can vote for this amend-
;j ment very cheerfully with the modification sug-
j! gested by the Senator from Pennsylvania and
' accepted by my colleague. I should desire to
have the Secretary of the Navy examine the mat*
tfer bfefore this large amount of money is paid. 1
