1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendment. At the last session of Congress
$30,000 were appropriated for the construction of
a bridge across the Potomac at Little Falls. The
work was progressing, under a contract, I believe,
but the Committee of Ways and Means did not
feel disposed to justify the course of making ex-
penditures beyond the amount of the appropria-
tion. They believe that when Congress appro-
priates a sum of money for a specific purpose or
object, the expenditure should be confined within
that amount, and if it should be found insufficient
to accomplish the purpose for which it was appro-
priated, then that it is the duty of the persons
making the disbursement to come to Congress, and
ask a further appropriation to carry out the work
intended.
Since this report was made, an accident has
happened to the bridge, and I deem it an act of
justice to the gentleman who is engaged upon the
work, to make a statement in reference to the
matter. I learn that it was estimated that $75,000
would be sufficient to complete this bridge. The
work was progressing; the iron work was par-
tially raised, wnen an accident happened by which
the bridge was precipitated into the river. I learn
that the contractor comes forward at this time,
and proposes to finish that bridge for the sum of
$75,000, if Congress will appropriate that amount,
notwithstanding a loss to him by the accident
of $8,000 or $10,000 upon the work already made.
I make this statement as a matter of justice to the
contractor.
But the view taken by the Committee of Ways
and Means was, that here the.expenditures to be
made upon the bridge exceeded the appropriation
made by Congress, and they did not feel disposed
to sanction such a course of proceeding. •
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg leave to state
to the committee, that the Committee of Ways
and Means are laboring under an erroneous im-
pression, decidedly erroneous impression, in refer-
ence fc> the matter of exceeding the purposes of
Congress. Nobody pretended, at the time the
appropriation was made, that $30,000 would finish
this bridge. On the contrary, the very act appro-
priating the money shows that it was not expected
that that sum would do it. Fifty thousand dollars
were asked for in the first instance 
Mr. PHELPS. I will read the gentleman pre-
cisely what the law says upon the subject. Here
it is:
(1 For a bridge across the Potomac at the Little Fall?, to
be expended under the direction of the President of the
TJnjted States, $30,000."
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, read the next para-
graph .
Mr. PHELPS. That is all in reference to this
bridge. I will read the next appropriation, if the
gentleman desires it.
Mr. SMITH. I do not. That is not the par-
agraph I referred to. But, sir, the gentleman has
read the appropriation, and from that it will be
seen that it is not pretended that this is to be all
that will be required—that it is the only appropri-
ation to be made for that purpose. The appro-
priation was made for the commencement of the
work, and the President or the Secretary—I do
. not recollect which—was authorized to select the
plan upon which the bridge was to be constructed.
I say that $50,000 were asked in the first instance,
but it was then thought best to allow $20,000 to
go for the Long Bridge, and the remaining $30,000
to go for the construction of this bridge at the Lit-
tle Falls.
However, the contract was made with a worthy
mechanic in this city, Mr. Rider, to undertake
the erection of this superstructure. He has sus-
tained a loss of some $8,000 or $10,000 by the ac-
cident which has occurred in the fall of the bridge;
yet he is still willing to go on and finish the
work for $75,000. He is willing to enter into
bond and security to complete it for that sum.
Some gentlemen may think that this is a Virginia
bridge. Sir, such is not the fact. It is true that
the abutment rests upon the southern shore of the
Potomac, but the jurisdiction of the District ex-
tends to the southern shore. I do not say that
we in Virginia are not interested in having this
bridge constructed. We are deeply interested.
Most of the people who have settled upon the
opposite side of the river—and, by-the-by, a large
part of those who have settled there recently are
from the North; most of them, I say—have set-
tled there for the purpose of supplying the markets
of this city, and nobly do they supply them, as
anybody who will visit the markets three times a
week can testify. But I do not propose to detain
the committee longer by any.remarks of mine. I
desire, with the consent of the committee, to have
the following paper, which I send to the Clerk's
desk, read:
The Clerk read, as follows:
To the Honorable the Members of the House of Represent-
atives:
The undersigned, contractor for the erection of the ijon
bridge at the Little Falls, with the view of inducing your
honorable body to pass the item of $75,000, inserted in the
Senate's amendments to the deficiency bill, now before the
House of Representatives, would respectfully beg leave to
refer to the accompanying report of Captain George Thom,
in charge of the construction of said bridge, the letter of
the Mayors of Georgetown and Washington, and that of the
honorable the Secietaiy of the Interior, as setting forth the
cau^e of the accident which has recently occurred, and the
urgency of prompt steps towards the continuation of that
important work.
That if your honorable body will pass the item of $75,000,
contained in the deficiency bill from the Senate, not only
will a large amount of money be saved to the Government,
and the deplorable results of the late unavoidable accident
be,in agieat degree, modified arid diminished, but that the
contractor will be enabled, and will bind himself by satis-
factory security, to complete the entire work for the said
sum, of $75,000, thus bewaring the Government harmless,
and saving himself from serious loss and damage
The undersigned would further respectfully remark, that
should the appropriation now asked for, and s6 urgently
pressed by the Mayors of Georgetown and Washington, and
the Secretary of the Interior, he postponed for any length
of time, it might be entirely out of his power to undertake
the completion of the work on the terms he has alteady
agreed to, it being now the season when he can secure
workmen and material on such conditions as will enable
him to prepare the bridge for use, within about three
months from the time the appropriation may be made.
Respectfully submitted,
GEORGE P. RIDER.
Washington, May 11, 1854.
Mr. SMITH. Thatis from the gentleman who
proposes to construct this bridge. I now ask to
have a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in respect to this subject, read.
The communication was read, as follows:
department o* the Intfrior, \
Washington, May 1, 1854. \
Sir : Foi your information, I have the honorto transmit,
herewith, copies of communications received at this De-
partment from the Mayors of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and from Captain George Thom, of the United
States Army, in relation to the destruction of the bridge
which was m the course of erection over the Potomac river,
at the Little Palls, on the 24th ultimo.
It is important that this bridge should be completed at an
early day, and Captain Thom, who has charge of the work,
informs the Department that he is authorized by the con-
tractor to state that he will enter into bond and security
to make good the loss which he has sustained in the recent
accident to the bridge, and finish the whole of the structure,
according to Captain Thorn's plans, including the iron work,
masonry, &c., under the superintendence of Captain Thom,
or such other person as may be designated, and the whole
work shall be completed under the additional appropriation
of,$75,000 asked for in the deficiency bill.
Jt would then appear that if the appropriation of $75,000
asked for is made, no loss will accrue to the Government
from the accident which has happened to the bridge.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
K. McCLELLANl), Secretary.
Hon. Wm.T. Hamilton, Chairman Committee
for (he District of Columbia, House of Representatives.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 propose the
following amendment:
ProvUed, That the work shall be done under (he direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, ;n d by competent civil
engineers, and according to a plan, the whole co&t of which
shall m no event exceed the sum appropriated.
Mr. SMITH, i agree to that amendment.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I think that
the amendment is a very important one. I am
opposed to the manner in which the money here-
tofore appropriated for the bridge has been ex-
pended, and for that reason I wish to attach a
restriction to this appropriation by which the Gov-
ernment will be protected in the future. The
bridge is a very important means of communica-
tion between this city and a large portion of the
State of Virginia, and I shall most cheerfully vote
for the appropriation, if suitably guarded, as this
amendment proposes. Indeed, I should regret to
see it defeated, for a bridge at that point is greatly
needed, and must be erected.
When the appropriation of $30,000 was made
last session for this bridge, a topographical engi-
neer was detailed by the War Department to super-
intend its construction. This engineer, though
accomplished in his particular line of duty, I un-
derstand, never had the slightest experience in
works of this kind, until placed in charge of the
bridge It is not his fault that he had no expe-
rience, and I cannot blame him for what he never
had the means of acquiring. But blame rests
somewhere; for a man of no experience ought
never to have been detailed for such a duty, when
the country is full of civil engineers of great ability
and long-tried experience. The falling of the
bridge and the loss of $10,000 or $12,000, with the
sacrifice of one or two lives, will I trust teach an
effective lesson- to those who persist in placing
military men over works of this .kind.
Twenty-three thousand dollars of the appro-
priation,! understand, were consumed in erecting
two stone piers and repairing the old abutment.
The work upon the piers could not have cost less
than ten dollars per perch, perhaps more. Now,
will any man say that the piers and these repairs
to the old abutment, if done under other manage-
ment, could not have been built for much less
money? I will venture to say, that any civilian
in charge of the work who would have consumed
that much money for that purpose, would have
been instantly dismissed. Half the amount ex-
pended was ample for the purpose.
Sir, I went to the ground immediately after the
late disaster, and witnessed the wreck as it lay in
a confused mass between the piers. In my whole
experience I have never seen so shameful an ex-
hibition. I brought to the Capitol a part of the iron
castings of which the bridge was built, pnd more
rotten stuff I never saw in my life. No wonder
the bridge fell; no wonder the thing came down a
mass of ruins. Why, sir, the duty of the engi-
neer was to inspect and test every piece of iron
which went into that structure; and if he had done
so, I am sure such miserable defects as I saw in
that material could never have escaped his observa-
tion. The castings were full of flaws and defects.
In some places there were holes as big as my fist,
and these were filled up with lead, and that painted
over, to conceal the defects from the eye of the
engineer. A vigilant, competent engineer, would
never have permitted such work to escape him.
The spans of the structure were one hundred and .
sixty feet each, and it was utter folly to expect
cast-iron work to stand over such spaces. The
plan was radically defective as well as the work.
Why, sir, a blacksmith of twenty or thirty years
experience, who had worked upon the bridge, but
left it because he feared the result which has fol-
lowed, told me that he warned the engineer against
the defects in the work; but wasnotheeded. The
falling of the structure confirmed his apprehen-
sions, and illustrates the difference between mili-
tary engineers and practical men. A bridge built
upon the same wretched plan, and of the same
character of materials, fell a few days ago be-
tween this city and Georgetown while two omni-
buses were passing over filled with passengers,
and by which several persons were seriously in-
jured, and one drowned.
Now, sir, it seems to me it is time to stop this
policy of constructing every work ordered by Con-
gress by military engineers. It is not done by
authority of this body, but by the officers of Gov-
ernment who have control of the appropriations.
I am sometimes blamed for the zeal I manifest
upon this subject; but I am conscientious in my
purpose, and nothing shall deter me from pursu-
ing the course I have marked out until this evil is
corrected. I believe thousands of dollars are sunk
and wasted each day we live by persisting in the
policy of thrusting military officers into civil po-
sitions, and placing them over works which ought
to be constructed by the civilians of the country.
However competent and experienced they may be
in the line for1 which they were educated, they
know nothing of economy, and are generally
found wholly incompetent in other respects for
many of the positions in which they are placed.
For these reasons, sir, I think it important that
my proviso should be attached to the appropria-
tion; and if it succeeds, then I trust, in view of
the importance of the work, that the recommend-
ation of the Committee of Ways and Means will
be overruled, and the appropriation passed.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that, after
the developments which have been made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, the first thing this
House ought to do would be to appoint a com-
mittee to go to the spot and ascertain what is the
real character of the materials which are being
employed in this work, before we undertake to
appropriate $75,000 to put up a bridge which
seems to be thus defective in materials and in
