1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
construction. It seems to me that it would be
a practical, common sense course to ascertain
whether the materials are such that there is any
probability that the bridge will stand. Because why
go on here appropriating first $30,000, and then
$75,000, if there is any probability that when the
bridge is raised a second time its own weight will
sink it again? The fall of this bridge, taken in
connection with the experience we have had in the
case of the second bridge, where the same sort of
casting was employed, ought to admonish us that
we should take precautionary steps before we
spend a single dollar more upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that 1 do not think his
proviso will apply very properly to the entire
bridge. 1 understand ihat there is a contract for
building a bridge across the main channel of the
river, and that contract has been made under the
authority conferred to make it at the time the
original appropriation was made. The proposi-
tion is now with the contractor that be shall com-
plete that contiact, and then he expects to get a
contract for the extension of the biidge over the
road on the other side.
Mr. STANTON. I am willing to make any
modification.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's proviso,
it seems to me, would conflict with the contract
now exisfing.
Mr. STANTON. f understand that the pres-
ent contract is merely for the iron work, accord-
ing to the old plan, which has proved defective.
My object is to let the Secretary adopt a new plan,
and make a new contract.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would not that cause the
waste of ail the materials there?
Mr. STAN I ON. Not at all. The materials
thai broke down are not worth one cent.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, yea; a great many of
them are.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move to odd $5,000 to the
appropriation. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Lktcher,] that upon a full
and correct understanding of the circumstances of
this case, there would be no difficulty. This
bridge will have to be built fiom the beginning.
U is competent for those officers of the Govern-
ment having the matter in charge to make any
change in the plan that may be necessary. Nor
is U necessary to alter the contract, because the
contractor himself desires that the plan shall be
changed, at least so far as the material is con-
cerned. So that if this appropriation is made, the
bridge will be completed, and there will be no loss
to the Government from the accident which oc-
curred.
I desire to say to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,J that I do not think the objection of
the Committee of Ways and Means is well token.
It cannot be said that the appropriation of $30,000
to which he alludes was intended to complete
the bridge. It is not so expressed, but it is an
appropriation so far for a bridge over the river.
The bridge has fallen, owing to no actor negli-
gence upon the part of the contractor, because it
was raised for the purpose of placing upon the
river bed the plates which ought to have been
placed there by the Government before.
Mr. PHELPS. No bridge had been com-
menced before the $30,000 weie appropriated for
a bridge across the Potomac.
Mr. BANKS. The language of the amend-
ment does not require that $30,000 shall complete
this bridge, but it is only so much for a bridge.
There is an expression m the reuort of the De-
partment of the Interior which will cover this mat-
ter entirely, ft is not an appropriation to com-
plete the bridge, i only de&ire to say, that the
accident to this bridge has not occurred from the
fault of the contractor, because the Government
ous;ht to have provided for laying the bed-plates.
1-5 ut they were not laid. The br dge was com-
pleted, and the contractor was required, at the ex-
pense of extra time and extra service, to raise the
bridge, so that he.might lay the bed-plates. In
raising them a piece of the iron gave way, and
the whole bridge was precipitated into the river,
causing a loss of some $10,000 or $12,000. The
repeat of the engineer throws this loss upon the
contractor; but he does not understand it to be
bis loss, because it was not through any negli-
gence upon his part. If the appropriation of
$75,000 is made, the contractor will be enabled to
complete the bridge without loss to the Govern-
ment. If tiie appropriation fails, then there will
be a loss of $10,000*or $12,000.
Mr. LILLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] because I believe that a good, substan-
tial bridge can be built for $75,000. I am anxious
to have this bridge completed, and that speedily.
I was invited by some gentlemen the other day
to. visit the'bridge, and make an examination;
and the result of that visit fully convinced me of
the necessity that existed for a speedy completion
of this work; and I am satisfied thatasimilar visit
there would convince any man of the propriety
of making the appropriation asked for. 1 am in
favor of the proviso offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] providing for
the appointment of a civil engineer, to make and
carry out a plan for building a bridge at this point.
I desire that no man-trap should be built, such,
for instance, as the one at Rock Creek, which
gave way the other day. I am opposed to the
idea of placing works of such importance under
the control and direction of inexperienced men.
i do not think that army officers who graduate
at West Point are educated to build bridges, al-
though they may be educated to build forts, and j
works of that description. Civil engineers are (
educated especially for the purpose of building '
bridges, and works of a similar character, and to
them should be intrusted the care of such a work
as the one now under consideration. It the bridge
is to be built anew, under a plan made by a com-
petent civil engineer, then 1 would be perfectly
willing to vote for the whole of the appropriation
asked for; but if it is to remain under the charge
of gentlemen inexperienced in such matters, then
I shall be opposed to the appropriation.
Mr. BANKS. 1 withdiaw the amendment 1
offered.
Mr. FLORENCE, I propose a pro forma
amendment to reduce the appropriation to one
dollar.
There is, Mr. Chairman, just now a prevailing
epidemic in relation to the destruction or falling
down of bridges in the District of Columbia, and
adopting the nomenclature of the day, it appears ^
that of all the causes of the difficulty, the most astute j
in giving reasons therefor really know nothing. It
seems to me there must bearadical error in the su-
perintendence of the construction of these bridges,
as well as worthle§sness in the material used in
building them. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] remarked that the addition of
the bed-plates was the cause of this difficulty in
one of tiiese structures. I do not so understand
it. 1 have had the opinion of a number of prac-
tical gentlemen of experience and judgment, who
visited me at my room, and they say that the
woist iron castings they ever laid their eyes upon
wore used m building the bridge to which the gen-
tleman has alluded. We have this evidence in
addition to that given by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton.] If the material of which
this bridge was being constructed had been of a
| good quality, the mere placing of the bed-plates
, by caieful, practical workmen, would not have
; toppled it over into the waters of the Potomac.
! 1 agree with the gentleman from Virginia, that
| it is time a stop was put to all of these pioceed-
i ings. Hence, sir, I am in favor of striking out
| the whole appropriation, and of beginning anew,'
1 and adopting such a plan of bridge, under the con-
| trol and direction of persons who know something
1 about the business of building them, as will stand.
' Thus we will be able, if we are to construct bridges
; for the people of the Distiict of Columbia commu-
; nicatingwith Virginia, or over the different creeks
1 and canals, which, I was going to say, infest the
! District: yes, sir, that is it—infests the District.
We will be thus able to get a structure worth the
] money we may give for it.
I Hence, Mr. Chairman, I am in favor—from a |
! conscientious conviction of duty—of striking out!
: the whole of this appropriation, and of pursuing i
, such a course and adopting such a plan as I have j
, here indicated. For, sir, there are thousands of!
1 good plans, and plenty of good bridges; and there J
| are plenty of good bridge-builders, and thousands ,
of competent superintendents, who can be had to [
effect this purpose, and who know something |
about the business. It is high time that we had .
an assurance of a perfect structure in bridges and
building them, or any other public work, when
we appropriate an amount, that will, anywhere
else than here, be ample to secure that object.
1 withdraw my amendment, if there be no ob-
jection.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment, and it was concurred in.
The Clerk then reported the forty-first and forty-
second amendments of the Senate, as follows:
Page fourteen, line three hundred and twenty-eight, after
the word " California," strike out "$37,500," and uiseit in
heu thereof'4' $42,00<(," and that $5,000 of said sum he paid
to Robert Greenhow, assistant law agent to said boaid, for
services performed during the absence of the law agent;
and the marshal- of the northern and southern districts of
California shall have ihe same mileage and compensation
for serving processes issuing from said cornmi-^ion as ate
allowed to the sheriffs for serving similar processes by the
higher couits of California ; and the same mileage and per
diem shall be made to witnesses as are allowed to wit-
nesses by the Slate of California.
Mr. LATHAM. There are two propositions
in the first clause of that amendment, though they
are both embraced in the one amendment. I de-
sire to have these propositions read separately, so
that we can have a separate vote upon them.
The Clerk reported a portion of the amendment,
as follows:
Page fourteen, lino three hundred and twenty-eight, after
the word "California," strike out "&o7,500," and insert
in heu thereof " .$'42,000,"
—so as to make the appropriation read:
For salaries and incidental expenses of the commission
appointed under the act of March 3, 1851, for sealing laud
claims, in California, $42,500
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman,the Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in*that amendment. In the bill reported to
the House, theie is an appropriation of $35,000
for salaries and incidental expenses to the commis-
sion appointed under the act of March 3, 1851,
for settling land claims in California. The Senate
have proposed to amend that section of the bill
by inserting that which has just been read at the
desk. In the estimate submitted by the Secre-
tary of the Interior for the amount necessary to
defray the expenses of the land commission in
California, the total amount was only $37,500,
which amount the House of Representatives has
so appropriated. The second proposition m the
amendment is, that $5,000 of said sum be paid to
Robeit Greenhow, assistant law agent to said
board, for services performed during the absence
of the law agent. Now, Mr. Chairman, by the
act fixing the salaries of the law agent and the
assistant law agent, the salary of each of these
officeis was fixed at $5,000. I lefer to the act
passed in 1852—the civil and diplomaticappropri-
ation act—which provides that the President of
the United States shall appoint an assistant Jaw
agent in California, learned in the law and skilled
in the Spanish and English languages, whose
duties and compensation shall be the same as
those of thelaw agent; provided, that the compen-
sation of the agent and associate agent shall not
exceed $>5,000 each.
During a part of the time that Mr. Greenhow
held the office of assistantlaw agent m California,
the law agent %vas not present, and Mr. Green-
how discharged the duty incumbent on the office
of the law agent, for which it is proposed to give
him this extra compensation. I can regard this
amendment of the Senate in no other light than
as giving to Mr. Greenhow a double salary. In-
stead of paying #5,000 you are to pay $10,000,
if you adopt tiie Senate'amendment. I suppose
that $5,000 would be sufficient to command all the
time and all the eneigy of an assistant law agent;
and that was the contract he made with the Govern-
ment when he accepted th$ office. He agreed to
give his whole time and energies to the perform-
ance of the duties of the office which he filled, and
that, too, for $5,000. You have paid those law
agents during that time, though some of them
for a portion of the time were traveling m the
Atlantic States; and now it is proposed to in-
crease those salaries.
A Member Has this agent been paid ?
Mr. PHELPS. This law agent has received
his salary at the rate of $5,0C0 a year. For the
reasons which I have stated, the Committee of
Ways and ?vleans recommend a rejection of the
Senate amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to say, that so far
