584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
and provides that as soon as they are transported
over the road, everything which has been thus
taken shall be surrendered to the company.
Mr. BISSELL. How shall we have the
power and authority to do it ?
Mr. DEAN. We now own the land, and if
■we give it to them we have a right to annex a
condition to the grant.
Mr. BISSELL. X am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, but I do
not wish to occupy the time of the committee in
discussing it. I do not think that either the Sec-
retary of War or the Secretary of the Interior
desires to be constituted a superintendent of the
road. Besides that, I think, when the time comes
that we shall w nt to transport the mails, troops,
and munitions of the United States over the road,
that we shall do it in spite of the company. I see
that there is a provision in the bill which will
exempt us from all liability to pay for it too. I
think it would be worse than useless to regulate
in this general bill the details of these matters.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to insert after the word " any,"
at the end of the sixth line, in the third section,
the word " mails," so that it will then read:
" Free from all toll or other charge upon the transporta-
tion of any mails, property, or troops of the United States."
I think if we furnish the means to build the
road, that we certainly ought to have the mails as
well as property and troops of the United States
carried upon this road free of charge for all time
to come, at least so long as the road shall exist.
I think it would be but a small remuneration upon
the part of those who own the road to carry the
mails as well as the troops and other property
of the country for this donation of land.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is the usual pro-
vision as to the transportation of the mails in the
fifth section of the bill. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee insists that they shall carry the mails free
of charge. We leave it to the Governmentof the
United States to determine what they shall pay
for such transportation. It is in their power to do
as they please in regard to this matter. I oppose
the amendment.
The question was then put upon Mr. Jones's
amendment.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Kerr, and Harris of Ala-
bama, were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 68; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Recount!"]
Mr. OLDS. I insist upon a call of the roll.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
require that the roll shall be called whenever the
committee finds itself without a quorum. The
Clerk will call the roll.
The roll was then called. The committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
Chairman [Mr. Piielps] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had according to order the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
(No. 138) proposing a grant of land to Minnesota
to aid in the construction of a railroad therein;
and having found itself without a quorum had
caused the roll to be called, and had directed him
to report the facts to the House, with the names
of the absentees.
The following is the list of absentees:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Wilha Allen, David J. llailej',
Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bennett,
Benton, Bliss, Brooks, Chamberlain, (Jhurcliwell, Colquitt,
Ouniming, Curtis, Cutting, John G. ('avis, Thomas Davis,
Drum, Uuiirium, Elliott, Flhendge, Fenron, Flayer, Frank-
lin,Gamble, Aaron Harlan, Hillyer, Hunt, I.amb, Latham,
Lilly, I,yon, Mc.Vaii, McQueen, Mace, Maxwell, May,
Noble,Packer, Parker, Peek, Pennington. Powell, Piestou,
Rowe, ltiiflin, Sapp, Scudder, William Smith, George W.
Smyth, Solleis, Frederick P Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Walker,
Walsh, John Wentworth, Witte, and Yates.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee again resumed its session.
TheCHAIRMAN. When the committee found
itself without a quorum, the pending amendment
was that offered by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] upon which tellers were ordered.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I move to amend
that amendment by inserting after the word "mail"
the words " including letters only." 1 am sure
the committee cannot have understood the ques-
tion presented by the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, or they would promptly
have voted it down; and I offer this amendment
for the purpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the section under consideration. By that
section it is declared that the railroad shall remain
a public highway for the use of the United States,
free from toll or charge upon the transportation of
any property or troops of the United States. The
fifth section of the bill provides that the United
States mails shall be transported over said railroad,
under the direction of the Post Office Department,
at such price as Congress may by law direct.
Now, sir, the provisions of this bill .are just
such as have been incorporated in all bills granting
lands to States for railroad purposes, and it would
truly be onerous on any railroad company to re-
quire them to transport the United States mail free
of cost, in addition to the transportation of the
troops, munitions of war, and other property be-
longing to the Government. We think that the
Government is amply remunerated when its prop-
erty is transported, and the reserved sections are
so much enhanced in value, I think the friends
of the bill must at once see that no railroad com-
pany would undertake the transportation of the
mails free of cost, in addition to the other duties
imposed on them by this bill, and I hope, there-
fore, that the committee will vote down the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. BISSELL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, and also
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see. I know no reason why we may not trust to
future Congresses to decide how much this rail-
road shall receive, or whether it shall receive any-
thing, for transporting the mails; and I think that
it is requiring entirely too much to impose upon
them, m advance, the duty, without limitation,
without regard to circumstances, and without pay
or remuneration, of transporting the mails of the
Government over this road.
I am fully impressed with the belief that no
gentleman will, on reflection, vote for the amend-
ment, who is not opposed out and out to grants of
this nature. It does seem to me that only those
who are opposed upon general grounds to the
making of such grants can favor this amendment.
I ask again if we cannot trust to future Con-
gresses to fix the compensation which this road
shall receive for carrying the mails? We cannot
tell how much or how little the service may be
worth ten, fifteen, thirty, or a hundred years
hence. It would, therefore, be better to leave
these little matters of detail to future Congresses,
as has been done in former acts of this kind. This
is a new feature in bills of this description. It has
been sprung suddenly upon us here, and I appre-
hend that few gentlemen have bestowed much re-
flection upon it, because they have not had time
to do so. I am very sure that it will detract greatly
from, if it does not entirely destroy, the advant-
ages anticipated from this bill.
It is no small matter, but a very grave one, when
you consider that it is without limit as to time,
without limit as to circumstances, conditions, or
any matters which may influence the transporta-
tion upon that road for centuries to come.
Now, it seems to me, that the proposer of that
amendment has gone on the principle that we are
making a gift to a company here without indem-
nification, without any consideration, and have a
right to impose just such conditions as we please.
That right we have unquestionably, but are we
receiving nothing in return ? Is this a transac-
tion theadvantages of which are altogether on one
side ? Why, have not the individuals who build
this road to expend days and nights of toil, to
risk their means, their credit, all that they have
for many years, before they can derive any ad-
vantages whatever from the land that you propose
to donate to them ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Miller's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. J owes .] When the committee was in
the act of dividing on it bjr tellers, it found itself
without a quorum. The tellers will again resume
their places.
Messrs. Harris, of Alabama, and Kerr re-
sumed their places as tellers.
The question was again taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected; the tellers having reported—
ayes 63, noes 71.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed to
report the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. HASTINGS. I have an amendment to
the third section, which I now wish to offer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to it. An
amendment to that section is not now in order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair the amendment proposed to be offered by
the gentleman from New York is in time, as the
committee has not yet commenced the considera-
tion of the fourth section of the bill.
The amendment was then reported, as follows:
In section third, in the third line, after the word
"thereof," insert the words "to actual settlers
only, and at a price not exceeding one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre."
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, the object
of this amendment is to obviate one of the greatest
difficulties which I have to these railroad schemes.
I am opposed to the principle of placing m the
hands of railroad companies so large a part of our
public domain, to be held by them as a monopoly;
and the object of this amendment is to secure the
settlement and sale of these lands, which are do-
nated to actual settlers only.
The question was then put on the amendment;
which was not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I beg to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the third section:
Provided, however, That the money arising from the sales
of the reserved seetions shall be paid over to those States
which have received no «rant of the public lands for inter-
nal improvements, according to their Federal representa-
tion in Congress.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will state his question of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My point of order is
this: that the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] is not ger-
mane to the question under consideration, and
therefore is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina is not germane to the matter un-
der consideration; nor is it in accordance with the
order of the House that this committee do pro-
ceed to the consideration of local territorial busi-
ness in the organized Territories.
Mr. KERR. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. To the decision of the
Chair, that the amendment is not in order, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] appeals.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair, for the purpose of obtaining informa-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not intend to debate it,
but only to put an interrogatory to the Chair. This
bill, as 1 understand it, makes a donation of alter-
nate sections for 
[Cries of " Order I" " Order!"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform the
gentleman that he is out of order. But one point
of order can be under debate at a time. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] submitted
the amendment which has just been read. The
Chair decided that it was not in order, as being not
germane to the business under consideration, and
as not being within the special order of the House,
which confined the committee to the consideration
of business for the organized Territories. Prom
that decision the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Kerr] takes an appeal, and the question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
Olds appointed.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know what the
question is under consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. Itis upon the appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly; but I desire to know
upon what that appeal was taken ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was taken upon a de-
