TOW
1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
ills
for once, judge for themselves ? It seems to me,
at this stage of the session, that that is the part
of prudence. We can judge, in most of these
cases, by a very brief statement of the proposi-
tion.
The question being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 11, nays 30; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Evans, Fish, Gwin, Mallory,
Morton, Rockwell, Rusk, Seward, Wade, and Weller—11. '
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Benjamin, <
Bright, Brown, Cass, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, ,
Podge ofWisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpat- ;
rick, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, James, |
Jones of Towa, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Pratt, Sebaa- !
tian, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, and Walker—30. j
So the amendment was rejected. i
FORTIFICATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives, j
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that j
the House had passed the following resolution: j
Resolved, (with tile concurrence of the Senate,) That in !
the enrollment ofthe bill ot the House malting appropriations I
for fortifications, &c., the word " not" be inserted after the (
word " fortifications," 111 the last item of the bill; the said j
word having been accidentally omitted to be placed therein
engrossing the bill. I
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, j
and concurred therein. j
The item where the word " Hot" should be is:
" For contingent expenses of the fortifications not
herein mentioned,"&c. --
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Naval Affairs
have further instructed me to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the appropriation for
the pay of the Marine Corps:
That the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates of the United States Marine Corps shall be entitled to
and receive the same pay and bounty for rcenhsting as are
now or may hereafter be allowed to the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates ofthe infantry of the Army. |
I will state that in the Army appropriation bill
there is a provision increasing the pay of the pri-
vates and non-commissioned officers of the Army,
and, if that shall pass, the committee thought it
proper that the non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates of the marines should have the same pay as
the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of the
Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am also instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the appropriations
for navy-yards:
And the sum of $109,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the establishment of a naval depot on the
right bank of the river Mississippi, in descending, at the
site now owned and held by the United States for that pur-
pose, near the city of New Orleans, and for such buildings
and improvement^ as may be judged necessary for the ac-
commodation of the United States vessels of war in that ]
quarter. !
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is to come in immediately
before the appropriations for the Marine Corps:
Provided, That the law approved the 3d of March, 1843,:
directing advertisements for materials for the Navy, be£
and is hereby, so far modified as to require the classes only|
of materials to be stated in the advertisement, and bidder:
w be referred to the several navy agents aftd chiefs of b
reaus, who will furnish them with printed schedules givi
a full description of each and every article, with dates
delivery, &c.
This is recommended by the Department, and
will be of great eeononfy. It will dispense with
the necessity of publishing in the advertisement
full lists of articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am further directed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Sec.—. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the provisions
contained in the act of the 22d of April, 1854, adding a per-
centage to the pay of clerks employed at the navy -yard in
Washington city, he construed so as to include the clerks
and messenger in the office ofthe navy agent foresaid yard,
and the messenger m the commandant's office.
I will state that, by that act, an increase of com-
pensation was made to the officers in the navy-
yard. The navy agent here, however, for the
convenience of the Government and the Depart-
ment, does not hold his office in the yard; and,
therefore, while the naval storekeeper and all the
clerks in the navy-yard get the benefits of that
act, the clerks of the navy agent do not get any
increase. This is to equalize all the clerks attached
to the navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have but one more amendment
to offer, and then I shall be done. It is in the
appropriation for the navy-yard at Memphis, Ten-
nessee, to strike out $13,400, and inser# $30,400.
I will state that this sum is less than one half of the
estimate of the Department, the estimate being
$65,000 for that navy-yard. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it would be much bet-
ter to strike out the whole appropriation than to
enlarge it. The idea of a navy-yard at Memphis
is a perfect delusion. Congress made a great mis-
take in ever establishing a navy-yard seven hun-
dred miles from the sea, upon a river whose
waters, during a large portion of the year, are not
of a sufficient depth to allow vessels of a draught
of more than seven feet to ascend it. I believe
this navy-yard is wholly useless. I know the
; whole history of it; and I think, if we are to ap-
■ propriate a dollar more than is already in the bill,
I it will be better to strike out the whole appropri-
i ation.
| Mr. BELL. Now, Mr. President, I should
' like to know what the honorable Senator from
Maryland knows so much more than any other
! honorable Senator. Let him inform us why it
; would be better to strike out the whole of this
i appropriation. The honorable Senator says he
i knows the whole history of it. What was it?
I should like to learn it.
Mr. PEARCE. Perhaps you would not like
to hear it.
Mr. BELL. I was not here when this navy-
yard was commenced, but I know the Government
has gone on and established a navy-yard there,
and appropriated some $700,000 or $800,000 for
it, and for building it up; perhaps the expenditure
has gone as high as $800,000 or $900,000. It is
said that it is seven hundred miles from the sea-
board. J admit that that is a formidable objec-
tion; but a great many honorable Senators and
members of Congress, generally thought a navy-
yard could be established there upon great public
principles, in reference to what is called our great
inland sea—the Mississippi. Some honorable
Senators thought it would be better to establish a
navy-yard at Memphis, instead of at Baton Rouge
or at New Orleans, because it was in a latitude
where more continuous and uniform health could
be expected. It was established, too, Hi the neigh-
borhood of the finest building materials, of fine
white-oak and other timber used In ship-building,
and in the vicinity of the finest iron and coal to be
found anywhere m the United States. As 1 have
i stated already, it is above the latitude of those
dangerous epidemics which sometime afflict the
lower Mississippi at New Orleans, Baton Rouge,
and Vicksburg. Memphis is about the line where
the advantages of health are expected. These
considerations undoubtedly influenced Congress
in the original establishment of this yard.
But, sir, 1 will dismiss all considerations as to
the wisdom and expediency, or sound policy of
the establishment of a navy-yard at Memphis
originally, and come to the question of whether,
after you have expended $800,000 or $900,000
there; after you have gone on to erect buildings,
and after the Government has, as I learn, inde-
pendently of ship-building, the finest establish-
jj ment there which exists in the United States, you
;| will not appropriate a sufficient sum. I am told,
II by those who seem to know a great deal about it,
;] that you have over $100,000 worth of the finest
,[ machinery there. I have looked at it, and in-
i spected it, and I understand it is superior to all
j similar machinery in the country.
I learn that it has been the policy of the De-
j partment to make Memphis a place for the man-
ufacture of cordage for the Navy of the United
i States, and they have fine machinery there for
: that purpose. The consideration which led to this
j view was that it was in the vicinity of the finest
hemp grown in the United States—the Missouri
and Kentucky hemp.
I It may be true, sir, as the Senator from Mary-
I land says, that, during some seasons of the year,
I only vessels of seven feet water could pass over
i the bars in the Mississippi, I do not know
whether that is really so or not. Below Memphis
there may be an occasional bar in the loweststage
of the water; but for nine or ten months in the
year, I am sure, the largest class vessels may be
floated in safety up to that point.
What is now wanting in the completion of this
yard ? It will cost $400,000 or $500,000, perhaps,
to make it adapted, m all respects, to the construc-
tion of vessels of war. I do not know that it
would be important to discriminate between the
largest class of vessels and the lowest, or to take
the medium class. Perhaps none but the medium
class could be constructed and floated out there.
Still, that would be an acquisition. The time may
come, sir, when we shall have a contest for the
command of the Gulf of Mexico; and then a navy-
yard seven hundred miles from the sea-coast, on
the Mississippi river, may be a very valuable ac-
quisition for the maintenance of our rights and
our "sovereignty in the Gulf. There can be no
substantial objection on that ground.
Now, sir, as to the pitiful appropriation pro-
posed in the bill, you might as well strike it out
altogether. The appropriation in the bill is
$13,400'' for excavation and embankment, smith 'a
shop, storehouse, and repairs of all kinds."
What is $13,400 for such a purpose ? You Blight
as well strike out the amount at once. The Navy
Department, who have no disposition to favor the
navy-yard at Memphis, recommended a much
larger sum. Thecommandant, and the other officers
of the Government having control of this yard,
and appointed for the purpose, recommended, I be-
lieve, about $500,000 as necessary to complete the
yard, and put it in a position where dilapidation
could not go on to destroy the works which had
already been in part constructed. The Depart-
ment reduced that recommendation down to
$65,000, which, with all their notions of the in-
ferior virtue of this yard, compared with other
yards, they recommended to Congress as the
minimum sum. Now, the House of Representa-
tives have reduced the amount to $13,400. I pre-
fer greatly that the Senate should strike out the
entire appropriation, because $13,400 is a mockery.
I will not argue the question; but if you mean to
preserve the works which you have already con-
! structed there, at an enormous cost, you ought to
1 .make the appropriation at least $30,000. Situated,
as that yard is, on the margin of the Mississippi,
where another stream, Wolf river, flows into it,
we are liable to the loss of more than $32,000 of
the work already completed, if we have no greater
| appropriation than that. But, sir, I trust the
: Senate, even although they may hereafter conclude
I that it would be economical and prudent to dis-
pense with this yard altogether, will appropriate
enough to preserve the valuable public works
which are already constructed, and which are as
valuable as those at Boston, New York, and Phila-
delphia, or at any other navy-yard in the Union.
I have understood they have gone on with the
works there with a view to the manufacture of
cordage, because they'supposed they could get
there the best material, and could manufacture it
I at a less cost than at any other point in the United
States.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I do not think
I ever assume to know more than all Congress, or
than anybody else; but I have an undoubted light
to give the opinion which I entertain, and it is not
• | to be influenced or controlled by the opinions of
pothers. I simply expressed my-own opyiion;
, and I am very sure that, if all of us were com-
i pelled to say what we think, whether we desired
:j to do so or not, nine members out of ten in the
[i Senate would say that a navy-yard never should
I have been established at Memphis. When I said
1 knew all about the history of this yard, I meant
this: that Congress; on the occasion of its estab-
j lishment, yielded to the anxious solicitude of cer-
>! tain gentlemen, then members of this body and the
jl other House, under thepressure oflocal influences,
j! Further than that I need not go. I know the prop-
!' osition was first received with a smile of mirth on
; every countenance, but at last it was obtained;
I; and it seems that the Government has gone on
|j and expended $900,000 or §1,000,000 on this yard.
|i The Senator tells us,that dilapidation has already
jl begun. In ten years'we have expended nearly
J: §1,000,000, and never yet built a ship there, and
I undertake to say, never will build one. It may
!t be a good place for a national rope-walk for the
It manufacture of cordage, but that is not a navy-
