1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
as the gentleman's statement goes, relative to the
discharge by Mr. Greenhow of the duties of as-
sistant law agent, it is correct. But he does not
go quite far enough to show the equity of the
case, and to show the reasons which induced the
committee to recommend a non-concurrence in
the amendment of the Senate.
The duties of those two offices were specifically
set forth in the law which created them. The
duty of the assistant law agent was to take testi-
mony for the commission, which was an onerous
and responsible duty; and the duty of the law
agent was to take charge of the proceedings and
argument before the court. '
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct an error into which he has fallen?
Mr. LATHAM. Of course.
Mr. PHELPS. The law creating these officers
says:
"The President of this United States shall appoint an
associate law agent for the State of California, learned in
the law and skilled in the Spanish and English languages,
whose duties and compensation shall be the same with
those of the law agent."
Their duties were all the same.
Mr. LATHAM. But it is not reasonable to
suppose that when Congress here created these
two officers they expected them to .discharge the
same duties. On the contrary, the law itself speci-
fies that the assistant law agent shall be skilled in
the Spanish language, in order that he may be able
to take the testimony of Spanish witnesses; and I
know that his duties were exclusively confined to
the taking of testimony to be used before the com-
mission. But upon the law agent devolved the
duty of going before the commission and arguing
the causes.
Now, Mr. Greenhow for fourteen months,
and not for the short period of time which the
gentleman states, but for fourteen months, dis-
charged the duties which devolved upon both of
those officers. He not only took the requisite
testimony, but conducted the proceedings before
the court, and at last fell a victim to the
arduous labors which were devolved upon him.
1 say these things for the purpose of justifying
the action of the Senate in giving to him the com-
pensation to which both of those officers were
entitled under the law. If the law agent received
his compensation, he did so. wrongfully, and with-
out being in the slightest degree entitled to it, be-
cause he failed, for a period of fourteen months,
to discharge a particle of the duties, and during
which time they were discharged by Mr.'Green-
how. This amendment was introduced for the
purpose of giving a compensation for the perform-
ance of double services.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. f move to amend the
amendment by inserting between the word " to"
and the word " Robert" the words, " the widow
of," so that it shall read:
And that of said sum shall be paid to the widow
of Robert Greenhow, &c.
When this amendment was adopted by the Sen-
ate, we were not advised that Robert Greenhow
was deceased; and I offer this amendment now,
in order that, should this amendment pass, the
money may go directly to the widow, who is
- now in the city of Washington.
I will state that a law agent was appointed, and
afterwards an associate agent appointed, for the
reason that the duties of that office had been ex-
ceedingly onerous. For fourteen months Mr.
Greenhow has been not only the assistant law
agent, and, as such, has performed faithfully the
duties imposed upon him as such, but he has also
discharged the duties of principal law agent. He
has performed duplicate, and more than duplicate,
duties as assistant agent, because the principal
law agent would take upon himself all the respon-
sibilities of the office.
Now, I understand that if a man does double
service, he is entitled to double pay. Even if he
does get $5,000 or §10,000 for his services, it is
not an enormous compensation in the State of
California. There is not a lawyerin the State, of
respectable position, whose income is not more.
Some of the officers of the United States Govern-
ment in that State receive as much. The com-
missioners for settling land claims in that State
receive a salary of $8,000 each. Mr. Greenhow
discharged faithfully the duties of both these
offices; and it seems to me the allowance which is
proposed is but a reasonable one.
Mr. $MITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from California what is the amendment j
which he proposes?
Mr. McDOUGALL It is simply that the !
amount shall be paid to his widow. Mr. Green-
how is dead.
Mr. SMITH. I would suggest td the gentle-
man that he modify his amendment so as to make
the money payable to his legal representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say to the gentle-
man, that the effect, practically, will be the same.
His widow is now in the city, and I desire that
the money shall be paid directly to her, without
going through the forms of law, which would be
necessary if the form the gentleman has suggested
were adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say that this amend-
ment proposes to pay this officer double pay.
Mr. McDOUGALL. For performing double
service.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; for discharging
double duty, if the gentleman pleases. Sir, this
law agent was appointed to take testimony before
the commission, and then to argue the cases before
them. I do not understand that more than one
can be employed at the same time. An assistant,
however, was appointed, to provide that the busi-
ness might go on in case of the absence of the
principal agent. It was not, however, with the
understanding that if only one was employed a
portion of the time, that he should receive the pay
of both.
The gentleman says other officers of the Gov-
ernment in that State receive as large a compensa-
tion, and refers to the com mission eis to settle these
land claims. The law originally fixed the salaries
of these commissioners at $5,000 per annum, but
the amount was raised at the close of the last ses-
sion to #8,000. But, sir, the compensation of the
law agent was fixed at §5,000, and that of the
associate agent at the same amount, and now to
allow one the salary of both officers, 1 think would
be setting u bad precedent. When Mr. Green-
how was appointed to this office, it was with the
understanding that he was to devote his whole
time to the service of the Government, should the
business in his office require it. It was not sup-
posed, as I understand it, when the assistant law
agent was appointed, that there would be business
sufficient to employ two; but he was appointed
in order that in case of the absence from any
cause of the principal, that the business before the
commission might not be suspended.
Mr. McDOUGALL. With the consent of the
committee, 1 will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment was
accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to increase
the appropriation §500. Mr. Chairman, 1 begleave
to say that I have always been of the opinion that
the laborer is worthy of his hire. And, sir, the
gentleman from Missouri is mistaken in sup-
posing that in this case we are establishing a pre-
cedent. I recollect, within my experience, many j
precedents, where the same thing has been done; ;
where officers, having performed double duty, 1
Congress gave them additional pay for it. I refer
to one case particularly. When the law pasvsed
authorizing the issue of Treasury notes, it was
required that they should be countersigned by the
Treasurer and the register. It was not a designa-
tio persona, but it was a reference to them as pub-
lic officers. Yet, because it was out of the line of
their usual duties, this House, as I know of my
own recollection, made to both of these gentle-
men compensation for that extra service.
My friend suggests the cate of judges of Terri-
tories. 1 recollect another case, still more palpa-
ble. Until we legislated on the subject, where an
officer of the Cabinet filled more than one position,
he got both salaries. And it is true that the i
patriotic Benjamin F. Butler at one time drew the
salaries of three Cabinet offices.
So far from settling, in this case, a new prece-
dent, my recollection is that the practice of the
Government has been otherwise; and that where
a man, not in the Army or Navy, but in civil
employment, was required to do duties out of the i
line of those particularly prescribed, Congress !
has made compensation. They always give extra |
pay. ;
This is a case in which I feel an interest, on j
account of the condition of the family of a most j
worthy man, who sacrificed his life in the dis- [
charge of these very extra duties. Gentlemen
seem unwilling now to make compensation for
his extra employment. That family is deprived
of its support by his sacrifice; and, in my judg-
ment, it is a great wrong to withhold almost the
price of his blood from his helpless wife and
children. #
Mr. MORGAN. I object, Mr. Chairman, to
this amendment,unless a similar application,which
I have in charge, be placed on the same ground.
When this deficiency bill was up before, I applied
for extra compensation for a gentleman who was
placed at the head of the Census Department
during the absence of Mr. Kennedy. I was told
that the application must go before theCommittee
of Claims; that it was fair; but I must go there.
This is precisely a similar case. If it were proper
that my case should go before that committee, it
is equally proper that this one should take the
same course. If this amendment be adopted, I
shall ask the same favor for the one to which I
refer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask my
colleague to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. With pleasure, sir.
Mr. SMITH. I move, in good faith, to in-
crease the appropriation §500.
Mr. Chairman, Robert Greenhow, it is perhaps
known to many gentlemen of this House, was lor
many years translator to the State Department
in the city of Washington. While here, he es-
tablished a character for fidelity, diligence, and
true-heartedness in the performance of all his
duties, that has given him a high place in the
memories of those who knew him. While thus
situated he formed an attachment—and I think
myself that every man who neglects to form
such an attachment is a just subject of cen-
sure—he attached himself to a lady who is as
lovely as a houri, and the result of that con-
nection was a cluster of little ones growing up in
loveliness around him. Th.us circumstanced, he
soon found that the salary which he received from
the Goveinment would not furnish means for the
education and establishment of his children in the
society in which they had been born,and in which
they might expect to move. He therefore volun-
tarily resigned his place in the State Department.
He cut himself loose from the strong ties of official
position. He did this under a sense of duty to
his family, and made his way to the golden land
of California for the purpose of amassing his
" pile." On his way thither hespentsome months
in the city of Mexico, where he devoted himself
studiously to the acquisition of a knowledge of
the Spanish laws and titles in California, with
his wife, who had followed him in his peregrina-
tions, by his side. He then settled down in Cal-
ifornia with that wife who had abandoned her
home for the purpose of cheering and comforting
him in his labors. He there engaged in theduties
of his profession as a lawyer, and ultimately be-
came assistant law agent to this commission.
Now, here let mesay, by way of argument, that
the very fact that an assistant was considered ne-
cessary, is evidence that the duties of the office
were more than one man could perform. Well,
the principal having resigned, the assistant was
called upon to perform the duties. What cHSties?
I ask the honorable gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] what duties? He was not only
called upon to perform his own duties as assist-
ant, but the duties of his principal. The law pro-
vided for two officers, thereby recognizing the
necessity of twcf officers to perform those duties.
He undertook to perform the duties of both; and
every man who knew Robert Greenhow and the
labors of that commission, knows that he per-
formed them well. The principal had resigned,
cleared out, and thrown all the labor on a man
who knew nothing but his duty, and dedicated his
time and constitution to the service. He was
never paid. He died therein the discharge of those
double duties, and in the employmentof theGov-
ernment, with his family here. The committee
will excuse me for mentioning," that the very day
before the sad intelligence of his death reached
this city, his wife was manifesting a deep anxiety
in the success of this very claim*and in itsspeedy
passage, in order that she might join her husband
in California. The very day after, the news came
upon her like a clap of thunder, that the husband
with whom she so deeply sympathized was no
more. The question for the committee now to
