THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
as another, is entitled to the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands, if they are to be divided. If
they are to be appropriated to pay the interest on
the debts of the States, or for works of internal
improvement, they are not then divided to every
man per capita, but to the men of the State in pro-
portion to their wealth, and in proportion to the
taxes they pay. The very system of my col-
league [Mr. Taylor] proposes, that every man
shali receive the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic land% in proportion to his wealth. Now, we
did not acquire them in that way. Those acquired
by purchase were paid for under the operation of
-a tariff, bp which every man pays in propor-
tion to the' consumption and the number of his
family, and not in proportion to his wealth. And
if you are to divide the proceeds of their sale, they
should be divided per capita, and not in proportion
to the wealth of the inhabitants of the States.
I am opposed to this whole system of a division
of the lands, or the proceeds of the sales of the
Eublic lands among the States; but if they are to
e divided at all, let each inhabitant of the States
receive his due portion—the rich as well as the
poor; and then you will do something which has
the appearance, at least, of justice.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether he did not vote for
the homestead bill the other day ?
Mr. OLDS. I am very glad to inform the gen-
tleman from Virginia that 1 did vote for it.
Mr. SMITH. And you voted to give the
■wealthy man the same rights under it as the poor
man ?
Mr. OLDS. And so I propose here. I move
a division per capita, to the rich man equally with
the poor man. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. As it is well known, Mr.'Chair-
man, the understanding was originally that the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands should
go into the Federal Treasury for the purpose of
defraying the common charge and expenditure.
This committee have seen how they have been
wasted. The gentleman submits ascheme to hang
a speech upon, which is utterly impracticable, as
we know.
1 understand that the proposition of the gentle-
Man from North Carolina is this, and nothing
more: To give to the States which have none a
portion of the lands. If you give to the State in
which a road is to be built one half of the public
land, why, the balance certainly can very properly
be divided, under this principle, among the differ-
ent States. And those States, certainly, will know
how to dispose of them as well as any person here.
Yes, sir, this gentleman is destroying the interpo-
sition of the Government. He is running the
thing literally into the ground. I hope those who
are in favor of fair play will give the gentleman
from North Carolina the opportunity of carrying
out his proposition. Let us vote down the amend-
ments to his amendment, and see whether the com-
mittee is prepared to sustain it. I trust that those
who are disposed to see this principle tested will
throw aside all these amendments, and take the
naked proposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I ask for the reading of the
40th rule, with a view of determining who has a
right to vote on this question.
The Clerk then read the 40th rule, as follows:
" No member shall vole on any question m the event of
winch lie is immediately and purticulaily mteiesied, or m
any case -\ hen he was not within the bar of the House
when the question was put."
Mr. STANTON. Allow me to make a remark
or two m reference to this matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky permit me to ask a question ?
Mr. STANTON yielded the floor.
Mr. JONES. I wish to make one inquiry;
whirh is, whether this 40th rule was reid or an-
nounced when the vote was taken on the passage
of the Senate resolution to distribute books to
members?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not for the Chair to
decide what member is or is not interested in the
matter. That is a question which every member
of the committee must decide for himself.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, which was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. MATTESON. I move to amend that
amendment by inserting the words "one half,"
whicft would make the amendment read that one
half of the money arising from the sales of the
reserved sections shall be paid over to those States
which have received no grant of the public lands,
according to their Federal representation in Con-
gress. I move this amendment, for the purpose
only of asking a question.
Mr. Chairman, I withdraw the amendment of-
fered, and send to the Clerk the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, in the nature of a substitute.
The Clerk reported the following amendment:
Insert at the end ol the thud section as follows:
Provided, however, That the money arising from the sales
of ihe reseived sections shall be paid over to the States ac-
cording to their representation in Congress.
Mr. MATTESON. I rise, Mr. Chairman, as
well for the purpose of offering thatamendmjnt to
the amendment, as for the purpose of asking my
honorable colleague [Mr. Dean] by what author-
ity he informs this House and the country that
the State of New York will not ask, nor will she
receive, her portion of the public domain ?
Mr. DEAN. I will answer that question 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentlemanfrom
New York yield the floor to his colleague?
Mr. MATTESON. With great pleasure; as I
want my question Answered.
Mr. DEAN. I am very glad, Mr. Chairman,
of the opportunity that I have of replying to the
question of my colleague. I say that the State
of New York does not want any of the proceeds
of the public lands; and I say so on the authority
of the people of New York, as expressed at the
ballot-box. For, when General Jackson an-
nounced his doctrine 
[Cries of" Oh !" " Oh !" and laughter over the
House.]
Mr. DEAN. The State of New York sup-
ported that doctrine.
[Renewed laughter and interruption.]
Mr. COBB. Let the gentleman from New York
continue his remarks; he has got another point,
perhaps.
Mr. DEAN. I say on another point, that the
State of New York does not want any of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. The people of the
State of New York mean to abide by the Consti-
tution. The Constitution gives Congress no
power to distribute the public lands in this way;
and the people of the State of New York are re-
solved not to violate the Constitution.
Mr. MATTESON. And that is all ? General
Jackson, eh! That will do. [Laughter.]
And so General Jackson's fame is to be raked
up here to sustain the position of the gentleman.
Now, I tell my colleague that he may represent a
portion of the State of New York at the other end
of this avenue, but he does not represent all of it
on this floor on this question, and has no right to
speak for the whole State. 1 refer to the political
character of the Legislature of the State of New
York at this time, to learn what the position of
the people of that State is on this question.
Mr. DEAN. They are no authority upon it.
Mr. MATTESON. I ask my colleague whether
he does not know that the Canal Board of the
State of New York, within a short time, has re-
solved to apply to Congress for a portion of the
proceeds of the public lands?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will state his question of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My point of order is,
that this discussion is not pertinent to the question
before the committee.
Mr. MATTESON. Well, I know it is not
strictly pertinent. [Laughter.] I understand that,
but many impertinent things are said in this Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York must confine his remarks to the amendment
he has offered.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. DEAN. Will my colleague permit me 
Mr. MATTESON. My colleague will excuse
me. I cannot be interrupted any more.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, to say that at this time
the State of New York has two great works in
contemplation, and for which she would like to
receive what honestly and fairly belongs to her of
the public lands. I speak of the ship canal around
the Falls of Niagara, a national work in its char-
acter, although the whole of its construction will
be within the limits of the State of New York;
and of the enlargement of the Erie canal, in
its character also a national work, in which the
West as well as the East has, if possible, a deep-
er interest than the State of New York. I say to
this House and the country, without the fear of
contradiction, thatNew York does want, and does
ask, for her fair share uf the public domain.
I wish also to say that I am not opposed to
railroad grants, when fairly made and properly
guarded. I voted for the Illinois grant, and have
never seen cause to regret it; and I am also in
favor of giving the proceeds of the remaining al-
ternate sections not granted to the railroads to the
States for the purposes indicated, to whom I think
they fairly belong.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I rise to state
that New York does desire her share of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands; that she has evinced it
during a Democratic Administration, when the
deposit fund was tendered to the country, and a
portion of it, which was to go to the State of New
York, was suspended, and that State came for-
ward and borrowed the money to carry out the
original appropriation for 
Mr. DEAN, (interrupting.) And lost the
whole of it.
Mr. PERKINS. Not one dollar or one cent.
The gentleman, if he knows anything of the his-
tory of the State of New York 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman that he is entitled to speak only in
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. PERKINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to be permitted to proceed with what
I have to say.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have a duty to per-
form, and I mean to perform it. I ask that the
gentleman from New York shall be confined to
the question in debate before the House. And
while I am upon the floor, I appeal to the commit-
tee to proceed with the business legitimately be-
fore them. We have this territorial business to
dispose of, and if the latitude which has been taken
in this debate is to be allowed, this business, so
much needed to be passed, must go over.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York must confine himself to speaking in opposi-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. PERKINS. I am nearly through. All I
have to say is, not in advocacy of this bill par-
ticularly, but in reference to the State of New
York; that by her acceptance of that deposit fund
she hag shown her disposition to take her share
of the public money, and to retain it. When
there was a difficulty in getting her share of the
deposit fund, by its payment being suspended—
and which she hoped to appropriate to school pur-
poses—she borrowed the amount to carry on her
school system.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Did I under-
stand the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Kerr] as accepting the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Matteson?]
The CHAIRMAN. It was not accepted; and
the question now recurs upon the adoption of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mattjsson
and Faui.kner appointed.
The question was then put; and there being a
disagreement in the count of the tellers—
Mr. BOCOCK demanded another count.
The CHAIRMAN. As there seems to be some
discrepancy m the count, the tellers will again re-
sume their places.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I want to
know whether the tellers both voted upon the
same side of the question? If they did, I ask
that one of them may be changed, and onein favor
of the opposite side be appointed in his place.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
how the tellers themselves voted. He only knows
the feet that they did not agree in their report, and
he therefore decides that the question must be
again taken.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 86.
