1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
decide is, whether the man who performed double
duty, under circumstances that address them-
selves so strongly to our sense of justice and sym-
pathy, shall be paid? I do not hesitate to say
that we ought to pay to the last farthing. Five
thousand dollars is nothing but the salary he
would be entitled to for a year, and he performed
the duties for fourteen months. If you pay at all,
why not pay for the. fourteen months ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not much to say
about this amendment, further than to express my
opinion in relation to the practice, as stated by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who first
addressed the committee. I do not think that this
case is one that comes within the rule, or within
the practice even, as stated by the gentleman him-
self. I know it has been the case, where a head
of the bureau has been called away, or has been
•absent from his post, that the officer next below
him, who discharged his duties, has received,
under certain circumstances, the salary of the
higher officer. But the duties in such a case are
of a differant character. The duties of a chief
clerk are not the same duties that are performed
by the head of a bureau. If the head of a bu-
reau should be absent, the chief clerk would per-
form his duties; but they would be of a different
character from those which he had been in the
habit of performing. The chief clerk would not
draw his own salaiy and also that of the head of
(he bureau.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
stated that Mr. Butler at one time drew the sala-
ries of three Cabinet officers. I think he is mis-
taken. 1 do not believe the gentleman can show a
solitary case upon record where any Secretary has
drawn a dime above his salary for double service.
I know there are cases where a chief clerk has
drawn the salary of the. head of a bureau for per-
forming the duties appropriate to that place; but
he did not, at the same time, draw the salary of
his own office. There is a case now before Con-
fress precisely in point—that of Mr, Dickins.
le wus at one time chief clerk in the State De-
partment, and performed the duties of Secretary
of State in the absence of that officer. A bill is
now before the House, or Committee of Claims,
providing for the difference between his salary as
chief cleric and that of Secretary of State. I can-
not of course assert positively that the gentleman
from Virginia is mistaken in the position he has
assumed, but he has not shown a case where a
Secretary, although he may have performed the
duties of two Departments, drew the salary at-
tached to both.
I listened to the appeal of my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] with a great deal of interest.
I have no doubt that the eulogy he pronounced
upon Mr. Greenhow and his family was just and
well deserved. But then, if we make an appro-
priation for every man who has left a lovely wife
and children, arid for every widow who has chil-
dren to support, we shall be entering upon a
course of very loose legislation, which, for one, I
do not desire to see introduced here. If my friend
from Virginia is disposed to legislate in this way,
I have no objection; but, for myself, I cannot
consent to it. 1 am perfectly willing, whenever a
case is presented where there is tiny semblance of
propriety in making an appropriation, to listen to
these appeals to my sympathies, and they would
have their influence when sustained by law and
the facts of the case. In the caseunderconsidera-
tion, Mr. Greenhow was the assistant law agent,
and in the absence of the principal, he performed
(he dulies of the law agent-—■
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOCOCK took the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope my col-
league Will yield me the floor for a moment, to
offer an amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move to reduce the ap-
propriation to $499.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] allow me to ask the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] a ques-
tion '
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, (to Mr. Houston.) is not the
clerk to the Committee of Ways andj Mean's a
clerk in the State Department, and is he not draw-
ing salary for both offices?
Mr. HOUSTON The clerk to the Committee
of Ways and Means is a clerk in the First Comp-
troller's office, and my understanding is that he
has a substitute there aiding in the performance
of his duties in that office. The duties which he
performs for the Committee of Ways and Means
are yery generally transacted out of office hours,
both at night and in the morning, while others are
asleep.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Alabama
ssys that I am mistaken in the case which I put.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I think so.
Mr. BAYLY. I think this committee will do
me the justice to say that I am not much in the
habit of making statements in this House loosely,
and without some knowledge of the facts. I do
know the fact that I have stated; and if the gentle-
man thinks that instances of the kind cannot be
found, I will refer him to his industrious clerk, and
he will hunt him up plenty of cases. Or, if the gen-
tleman will take the trouble himself, he will find
that there are plenty of cases, which I could spe-
cify; but I do not choose to be invidious in that
Respect. Butasto theothercase I refer to, which
is more immediately in point, where the Comp-
troller and Treasurer were required to countersign
Treasury warrants, and where they were allowed
extra compensation for it, 1 stated that here with-
out a possibility of being in error. I cannot be
mistaken in this, because I defended the thing on
this floor, standing just where Mr. Latham is
now.
Here, Mr. Chairman, is a man who has done
the duties of two offices. Well, this is not the
ordinary case where a marj discharges the duty of
an officer who is absent, and where he draws the
ditference between that officer's salary and hisown.
But, as my colleague [Mr. Smith] says, the Gov-
ernment paid for the service of but one officer, and
that officer did the duties of two officers. It can-
not be possible that where Congress has decided
that two officers are necessary, and where one,
by over-diligence, does the duty of both, that he
should not have the proper compensation for his
labor. 1 do not mean to say that it is strictly a
legal claim; but I say that it is one which ought to
be allowed and granted—under the precise circum-
stances in which this man died—broken down by
these extra labors. Even supposing he was per-
forming them in the line of his duty, as my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] maintains he was,
if he had been m the Army or Navy his widow
would have been entitled to a pension. I say, that
under circumstances of this sort, we are not, as
we are asked, to put the case under the iron rule
of the pound of flesh, because it is nominated in
the bond. I will not legislate on this plan.
Mr. BOCOCK. I propose to ask my colleague
[Mr. Bayly] for the proper understanding of the
question. Would not the Government allow
#10,000 for the discharge of these duties' Were
they not all discharged by one man ? And is there
any case where Government allows a particular
amount for discharging a particular species of du-
ties, that such amount is not paid ?
Mr. BAYLY. I believe not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) ! want a
minute to reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock.] The gentleman asks his colleague
whether Government did not allow #10,000 for
this service; and if there is any case where Gov-
ernment allows a certain specified amount to be paid
for a particular species of work, that this sum is
not all paid up' I did not hear what his col-
league's answer was.
Mr. BAYLY. It was, that 1 believed not.
Mr. HOUSTON. It may be that I am mis-
taken in this thing; but if I am, the law is most
wretchedly and improperly administered. I say
there are cases, and thousands of cases, where
money is appropriated to pay for services, and in
which the offices become vacant, and there is no
expenditure of the money,
Mr. BOCOCK. That was because the services
were not performed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The officer who discharged
the services for which this appropriation is asked,
was employed to perform this kind of service, and
he could do no more than what would entitle him
to his salary of $5,000 a year, unless he did it out
of ordinary business hours, and under extraordi-
nary circumstances, which show that he devoted
a portion of>his own time to its accomplishment:
for that is not expected from an officer of the
Government.
Mr. LATHAM. That is just what he did do
in this case. He worked out of office hours,
before breakfast, and at late hours of the night.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman from
California should be obliged to me for touching
upon this subject;for this is the first time that such
a circumstance has been mentioned during this de-
bate; and it is the only point which gives to this
case any claim upon the Congress of the United
States.
Now, the idea of appropriating $10,000 to two
officers—$5,000 apiece—and because one of them
resigns, or does not discharge his duties, giving
the whole of it to one, is most extraordinary. Sup-
pose that a clerkship should become vacant in one
of the bureausof a Department of the Government,
or that half a dozen clerks should resign, according
to the doctrine here contended for, the remaining
clerks should draw the salaries of those whose
offices are vacant 
Mr. SMITH,ofVirginia, (interrupting.) There
is, in this very bill, an appropriation of $6,000
recommended by the committee for the purpose of
paying clerks who have performed dulies beyond
their regular services. It is in these words:
To pay cleiks lor services performed on Chickasaw
Indian business, in pursuance of the regulations of the
President of the United States, and in conformity with the
decision of the late Secretary of the Interior, $6,187 50.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but there the
services were rendered out of office hours; and
such was the proof before the House and before
the committee. And another thing, the sum of $250,
which was to be paid to each of the clerks em-
ployed ki that business, was fixed by law, and
the clerks, under that agreement, ought to have
been paid long ago. But, that case does not affect
the matter now under consideration.
I did not expect, Mr. Chairman, to take part in
this discussion, but I believed that my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had committed an error in
his statement. He says to the committee that he
is not in the habit of doing so. I did not charge
him with habitually committing errors. I have
not said that his statements are not correct. I
simply said—for I have not had time to examine
them—that I did not think they were correct.
Mr. BAYLY. Permit me to say to the gentle-
man, that I know I am not mistaken.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman cite a
single case, and I will look into it ?
Mr. BAYLY. I will refer the gentleman to
the case of Judge Mason.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayly, he withdrew it ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move an amendment,
to take the place of the amendment which 1 offered
some time since. It is to insert between the word
" to" and the word "Robert" the words, "the
legal representatives of," so that it shall read:
And that $5,0i)0 of said sum be paid to (he legal repre
sentatives of Robert Greenhow, Jkc.
I wish to say, in reply to the remark, that, jjs a
matter of strict right and law, a party who per-
forms the duties of two offices is not entitled to ,
be compensated for both, that directly the con-
trary is true, and that it was so held by Judge
Taney, in the circuit court of Maryland. Chief
Justice Taney, in the case of the.United States us.
White, decided that where an officer of the Gov-
ernment performed two duties, the salaries of
which were fixed by law, he was entitled to the
compensation of both.
Mr. BARRY. I submit, Mr. Chairman, that
if the precedents which the gentleman states are
all correct, it is no reason for the adoption of this
amendment. Because Congress has done wrong
once in allowing double pay, is no reason why it
should do the same wrong again. It has been said
that this man performed double duties, and that has
been assigned as a reason for allowing him a
double compensation. Now, sir, the salary under
which he was appointed was amply sufficient to
compensate him for employing all his time in the
service of the Government. There are many men
as competent as he who would be glad of the ap-
pointment, with all the duties which he has per-
formed, at the salary which, under law, he is to
receive.
Gentlemen talk about precedents for receiving
double pay for performing the duties of two
