1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
gemce pay; and those who may be reported for with-
drawal from the line of promotion to be so withdrawn upon
pay, which shall not be more than three fifths, nor less
tii.id one firth their sea service pay respectively, to be de-
termined and approved by the President: Provided, That
pa->itl midshipmen and masters in the line of promoiion
so reported in the second class shall be dropped from the
service, and shall thereupon receive one year's sea service
p.iy. The said board shall be convened and regulated as
the Secretary may direct, and he shall ascertain, in such
manner as he may deem just and expedient, the service,
standing, and character of the officers of the grades afore-
said, and submit the same to the board for its better inform-
ation: Provided, That the promotions which may be made
in consequence of such dismissals and withdrawals shall
reduce the grade of commanders to seventy, which shall
hereafter be the number of said grade.
I will say, in a few words, Mr. President, that
this amendment, in effect, has passed this body
twice; it has again been carefully considered by
the committee; and it has been recommended by
the Secretary of the Navy, it has been modified
to meet some suggestions of the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the House of Representatives,
it is but one clause, and relates entirely to retiring
and dismissing.
Mr. CASS. I wish barely to suggest whether,
at this stage of the session, it is proper to enter
into the consideration of such an important ques-
tion. I would rather seethe proposition m print,
so as to understand its bearing fully, before voting
on it. One or two things in it struck me unfavor-
ably from the reading of the amendment. Cer-
tainly I am not prepared to vote on it at this time.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the whole subject
embraced in the amendment has been fully dis-
cussed at this session.
Mr. CASS. That may be; but I should prefer
to see it in print. It makes a great change in our
naval system; and before I vote on it I should
like to examine it and understand it.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me say to my honora-
ble friend from Michigan that there is no branch
of the public service which stands in need of a
measure of this kind, so much as the Navy. This
is a proposition which has been carefully consid-
ered. It has been modified to meet some just
views of the House committee. It is a measure
which passed this body after full discussion. It
was investigated by the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. FisiiJ] and myself in the Naval
Committee. I think it meets the views and wishes
of the entire Navy, and it will do more to resus-
citate it than anything I know of. It will save
money to the Government.
Mr. BAYARD. My impression is that this
amendment is substantially different from the na-
val reform bill which has passed the Senate at this
session; and I wish to know from the honorable
Senator from Florida whether such is not the fact?
I do not like the idea of having a secret inquisition
upon the characters of men without any charges
being presented against them. I do not like the
idea of giving authority to assemble such a board
of officers to pass on the merits or demerits of all
their fellow-officers in the service. I have a recol-
lection of one board that was convened before,
and I wish I had here the protest of one of the
most gallant officers in your service (Commodore
Stewart) against the action of that board, which
made a lasting impression on my mind of the im-
propriety of all organizations of that kind. At all
events, I should like further time to consider this
proposition. It does not seem to me to resemble
substantially that which passed the Senate in the
naval reform bill of this session.
Mr MALLORY. I will reply to my friend
from Delaware by simply saying that this is an
improvement on that bill. It meets his view ex-
actly. The board has to give its reasons, and
those reasons are to be approved by the Secretary
of the Navy and the President. The investigation
will therefore be thorough.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that, but the
danger is that it removes the responsibility from
the Secretary of the Navy, and throws it on no-
body. I do not like these boards. I would rather,
if this thing is to be done, the Secretary of the
Navy should do it on his own personal responsi-
bility, and let him stand before the country as to
the justice or injustice of his action. If weareto
have the Navy reorganized on this basis, do not
throw the responsibility on a board where every-
body does it, and nobody does it.
Mr. MALLORY. Then it never will be done.
Mr. GWIN. It is perfectly evident that the
Secretary of the Navy cannot act unless he gete
information, and he cannot get it unless-, some
board lays it before him. I wish to press on the
Striate the necessity of adopting this amendment;
and I will read, omiiting the names, a listof some
lieutenants m the Navy whom we have been pay-
ing, but who do no service, and are constantly
overslaughed. The Naval Committee wished to
know why th^se officers were constantly over-
slaughed, and they received an answer from the
Department. I will read it to the Senate. No. 1
was "passed over in 1832 as physically and men-
tally incompetent." For twenty-two years he has
received pay without doing service, on account of
mental and physical incompetency. No. 2 was
* passed over in March, 1841, and permitted to
remain in the service, with the understanding that
he should not be in the line of promotion." There
is an officer who has been receiving pay for thir-
teen years, with a distinct understanding that he
should be overslaughed and do no service. No.
3 was passed over " for habitual intemperance.
The Department granted him a perpetual furlough
in July, 1843, at his own request, and to be con-
sidered as out of the line of promotion." No. 4
was " passed over in April, 1851, in consequence
of habitual intemperance, which was established
before a court of inquiry." These are the men
whom we wish to get clear of by the amendment
we now propose. These men are constantly re-
ceiving pay, and never will do any service, and
never can be &ot rid of while the present system
exists. But here, sir, is another case. No. 5
" passed over in December, 1852, in consequence
of mental derangement, produced by intemper-
ance." Our object is to get rid of such men as
these; and, surely, the service will be greatly im-
proved by it. They should be dropped from the
Navy; but they cannot be under the present sys#
tem.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt the honor-
able Senator from California is perfectly right.
Everybody admits that the Navy requires re
organization*. Tho Senate passed a bill'for that
purpose at the present session. If I am not mis-
taken, the provision in that bill, in reference to the
mode in which the incompetent officers were to be
removed Irom the Navy, is substantially different
from th£ provision now attempted to be inserted
in this bill as an amendment. I am unwilling to
attach to an appropriation bill what may be sup-
posed to be a remedy for an existing evil, without
having had due time to consider whether that rem-
edy be proper, and especially when I think the
mode of reform proposed is one of great danger.
I think a tribunal, arranged as is proposed to be
done under this amendment, will not leatf to proper
results in throwing improper individuals out of the
Navy. It is on that ground, and not that I do not
want reform, that I am opposed to tacking this
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Allow me to say, further, sir, that we have passed
the bill to which I have alluded; it has gone to the
House of Representatives, and I presume they will
act on it; or if they do not act on it at this session,
they probably will at the next. And it certainly
is much more appropriate that in the reorganiza- <
tion of the Navy of the United States it should be
done in a well considered, independent bill, adopted
for that purpose, rather than forced upon an ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Florida removed only the evils stated by
the Senator from California, I should cheerfully go
for it. I world readily support an amendment to
strike all those officers from the Navy; but this
amendment does a great deal more; and I agree
with the Senator from Delaware, that it is a very
inappropriate time, within twenty hours of the
adjournment of Congress, on a money bill, to at-
tempt a reorganization of the Navy of the United
States, because you have a parcel of people in it
who ou^ht to hove been dismissed twenty years
ago. If you will put the amendment in such a
form as to emhrace the cases stated by the Sena-
tor from California, and order the President to
dismiss those officers, I should cheerfully vote for
it, but I cannot vote for this amendment.
Mr. GWIN. 1 think I recollect that the Sena-
tor from Georgia, when a member of the other
House, made a very summary onslaught on the
Army by moving to cut down the appropriations
one half because he thought there were errors that
ought to he corrected by cutting down the appro-
priations. Now, we wish to do some good in
reorganizing the Navy; we want, to get rid of
worthless officers, and therefore we liave proposed
this amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, this is not
an ill-considered or hasty measure. It was brought
forward m the House of Representatives,and unan-
imously recommended by the Committee" on Na-
val Affairs of that House It is only one section
of a very elaborate bill for the reorganization .of
the Navy. There are a great many errors which
ought to be corrected, and this is one. The amend-
ment is substantially what has been passed by this
body, with one exception. It does not throw the
responsibility on the Secretary of the Navy alone,
which is equivalent to having no improvement
whatever, because the very fact that these abuses
exist, shows that no SecretaFy will take the respon-
sibility of correcting them, but enables him to
summon a board of seven officers advisedly; and
their finding is not final, but with the approbation
of the President.
Mr. BAYARD. I recollect reading the bill of
the House early in the session, and I made up my
mind then that I could notpossibly voteforit,and
principally because of the board which it provided
for. I think the bill which passed the Senate, and
which, therefore, must be taken as expressing the
judgment of the Senate, although it gave the re-
sponsibility to the Secretary of the Navy, provided
for ascertaining by consultation among the officers
of the service generally the character of each in-
dividual, which is far preferable, I think, to the
organization of such a board as this.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Atchison, Bell, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Cha >e Dndsie of Wij-cons-w, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas*. Gil-
lette, Gwi , Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Junes of Tennessee,
Mallnry, Rockwell, Sebastnn, Sewaid, Slidell, Thomson
of New Jersey, Wade, Walker, and Weller—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ba>arri, Bright, Brown, Butler,
Ca.<s, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Geyer, tlouMon, IImiter, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt,
Ku>k, Stuart, Toombs, and Toucey—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The appropriation in this
bill for the Pensacola navy-yard reads thus:
For continuation of permanent wharf; continuation of
deep ImMii; raiding walls of dock basin ; engine and blast
pipes tor souifts' and Machine shop : and repairs of all
kinds, $143,500.
I move to amend the clause by striking out
44 continuation of deep basin; raising walls of dotTk
basin." We have in this clause an appropriation
of $143,000 for the Pensacola navy-yard; and for
what purposes? We find among them "contin-
uation of deep basin, raising: walls of dock basin,"
to keep up a dock which is a nuisance, and so
declared by a competent board of officers who
were appointed to examine it. They reported
that it was unfit, and ought not to be accepted by
the Government; but notwithstanding this, the
contractors received for the dock the sum of
$993,000. I move, first, to strike out the words
which I have indicated, and then probably the ap-
propriation can be reduced from $143,000 to about
$50,000 for the other items. I make the motion
to strike out because the dock is of no u%e, and
the Senators from that State know it very well.
1 move to strikeout because a competent board
of officers, appointed to judge of the work, have
reported to the Secretary of the Navy—and the
Secretary concurs in their report—that the dock
is of no use, and that the contractors did not com-
ply with theircontract.
Now we are called on to make a deep basin
for this dock, which is to be eaten up by the
worms in less than three years, and which depre-
ciates twenty per cent, every year. We are to
appropriate this amount of money for a structure
which is of no use at all, and both the Senators
from Florida know it very well. Why continue
these appropriations upon this dock, basin, and
railway ? This may have come from the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, but it ought never to have
come from there If we are going to help the
contractors out with theircontract; if we are going
on to complete this structure, which it was the
duty of the contractors to do, we had better re-
ceive the dock at once and abandon it. It ought
to be abandoned. It is of no use there; it cannot
be made of any use. Vessels have to be taken
into it by camels, 1 understand, in the same way
as they were taken up the Mississippi to Mem-
