588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
at present.
Mr. ORR. The amendment which 1 have sug-
gested is the amendment that was proposed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cutting] yes-
terday.
■Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina if it embraces the whole
amendment? I understand that it does not, and
that it leaves out a material portion of the amend-
ment. I ask the gentleman if he will include the
• portion left out ?
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman suggest what
portion ?
Mr. WASHBURN. It is this:
" Until patents shall be issued therefor, the title to said
lands shall not vestin said Territory; no patent shall issue
for any part of said lands until snid Territory shall in due
form assent to the provisions of this act, and shall agree to
fulfill the same."
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will examine the
amendment I have offered, he will find that 1 have
changed the phraseology used by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] so as to provide
in the first line of my amendment, that the title
shall not vest in the Territory of Minnesota until
the conditions named in itare complied with. The
phraseology I have used is better, and on that ac-
count I introduced it at the commencement rather
than at the end of the amendment. The effect of
this amendment will be to secure the Government
against loss in any contingency whatever. The
amendment requires that twenty miles of the road
shall actually be finished, and that that fact shall
be certified to by the Secretary of the Interior be-
fore he shall execute patents for a single acre of
land. When he is advertised of that fact, then he
issues patents for twenty miles. The company
then proceed to build another twenty miles of the
railroad; and when it is finished, then the Secre-
tary of the Interior issues patents for twenty other
miles.
The effect of the amendment I have offered is
to save the Government from any possible contin-
gent loss. As the section now stands, this diffi-
culty might occur under it, and it is an objection
which I suggested the other day. They might
dispose of these sections along the first twenty
miles, as they would have a right to do, and the
title would be good in the purchasers; but yet,
after making that disposition, they might fail to
make the road, so that the State government will
get the land along twenty miles of the road, and
the Government will have security that whenever
the land is taken the road will be built. I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from South
Carolina has explained the precise effect of his
amendment. By the construction given to the
bill as it now stands, or to just such bills, by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
■which construction is sustained by the courts of
the country, no title can be given to the States in
which the railroad is to be constructed to more
than twenty miles of continuous lands at a time.
That is a condition precedent in the grant. The
only question, then, which is presented by the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
is, whether we shall trust the State or Territory
with the execution of its trust to the extent of
building the railroad, for which the title to twenty
miles of land along the line of the road, amounting
to about seventy-six thousand acres of land, is
made. Well, sir, the Committee on Public Lands,
after mature consideration, came to the conclusion
that it was entirely safe to trustoneofthesovereign
Slates with the execution of a trust where no
larger tract of land than seventy-six thousand
acres was involved; and they have, therefore,
reported all these railroad bills with a provision
precisely similar to that contained m this bill as
originally reported to the House.
But, sir, if gentlemen will read the amendment
of the gentleman from South Carolina, they will
see that it is inconsistent with itself. The gen-
tleman provides, in the first place, that no patent
shall issue until the road shall be completed to a
certain extent, and then he subsequently provides
that the unsold lands shall revert to the Govern-
ment. Why, there can be no unsold lands under
these conditions. The Committee on Public Lands
thought, in viewof the fact that while strong, pow-
erful companies would be able to build the first
twenty miles of road without the assistance of
any grant of land to aid them, weak companies,
in sparsely populated sections of country, would
find a provision that no lands should be granted
until a certain portion of the road had been com-
pleted, a serious obstacle to the progress of their
work; it would be making a discrimination in
favor of the strong companies in the densely pop-
ulated States, and against the weak companies in
sparsely populated States to make such a provis-
ion, and therefore they reported the provision in
this bill by which, before a company shall have
completed the first twenty miles of its road, some
part of the revenue from the sale of the lands along
the line of the road, for the first twenty miles, may
be realized. They thought that it would be safe
to leave in the hands of the State or Territory, as
a trustee, the execution of the trust of applying
the proceeds of the sales of such lands to the con-
struction of the first twenty miles of the road.
After the road shall have been constructed thus
far, the lands shall be given for another twenty
miles, and so on. Not to have made such a pro-
vision, I repeat, would be to discriminate in favor
of the strong against the weak companies.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Ohio thinks
the last paragraph of my amendment inconsistent
with the former paragraph, I have no objection to
its being stricken out.
Mr. DISNEY. It is most clearly inconsistent.
Mr. ORR. I will then withdraw the last pro-
vision in the amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was then reported
by the Clerk.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The amendment does
not need any modification. They ought to com-
plete the road in ten years.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to offer
ail amendment, by way of perfecting the substi-
tute of the gentleman from South Carolina. I move
to add thereto the following:
And until patents shall be issued therefor the title to the
said lands shall not vest in said Territory ; no patent shall
issue lor any part of said lands nntd said Territory shall,
in due form, assent to the provisions of this act, and shall
agree to tultill the same.
I do not perceive, sir, that the substitute of the
gentleman from South Carolina contains that pro-
vision, and I think it is important It was a por-
tion of the provision as included in the amend-
ment suggested yesterday by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cutting,] and I believe it is
important that it should be retained. I am in fa-
vor of the substitute of the gentleman from South
Carolina, as far as it goes. 1 believe that it is
necessary—necessary for the protection of Min-
nesota, as well as of the General Government. I
believe that the bill, as it originally stood, would
at once vest the title to all the land in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, and there would be danger
that it might be lost or squandered. I believe
that this limitation can work no sort of danger or
inconvenience to the Territory, or to the company
that may be employed to construct this railroad. I
believe further, that if we are to secure any por-
tion of the advantages held out by the bill, we must
also adopt the amendment I have suggested.
One section of the bill provides for the transpor-
tation of the troops and property of the United
States Government; it declares also that the rail-
road shall be a public highway. But what secu-
rity have we that it shall be so? None at all. The
moment Minnesota becomes one of the States of
the Union we shall certainly have no control over
her highways or her corporations, and there is no
security whatever which will compel or obligate,
in any form whatever, that Territory, or any in-
corporation in that Territory, to perform any of
the conditions which mny seem to have been im-
plied in the bill as originally proposed. Now I
desire that we shall keep the promise to the hope
as well as to the ear. If we mean fairly and hon-
estly that the Territory, or the incorporation that
may be established in the Territory, shall perform
these conditions, let us see that they do. If they
are willing to be bound by such conditions they
cannot object to such a provision. I only propose
I to provide that the patents shall be issued where
there is an affirmative acceptance by the Terri-
tory of this bill and the conditions in it. With
this amendment I shall be ready to vote for the
bill, for I can bring myself more readily and easily
to support this measure, than many of the same
kind.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Maine that his amendment is
provided for in the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURN. It did not seem so to me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Government holds
the land until the road is built twenty i$iles.
When twenty miles of the road is completed'then
a patent issues, and the company is entitled to the
land granted for the twenty miles. When they go
on and build the next twenty miles of the road
then they get the land granted for that distance;
and so on until the entire road is constructed.
Now, what is there to which the Legislature of
Minnesota is to accede? Has not the Government
the patent until the road is completed ? The ob-
ject at which the gentleman aims, it strikes me, is
already attained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me ask
the gentleman what provision there is in the bill
binding the Territory, or the corporation to be
chartered by the Territory, to curry the troops and
property of the Government without charge ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The grant does that.
When the Territory accepts the grant she does it
with all the conditions annexed, and if she is pru-
dent when she lets the road out to be constructed
by a corporation she annexes the conditions with
it. The State of Illinois did so when she passed
her road over to a company. I presume the Le-
gislature of Minnesota will do the same. Now we
are not to suppose that that Territory will turn
around and repudiate the conditions upon which
she receives this grant of the public land. I have
a better opinion of her than that.
Mr. DISNEY. Let me ask the gentleman one
question. The gentleman from Illinois is contend-
ing, with great propriety and force, that the States
or Territories should be trusted as the trustees to
see that the various franchises of privileges and
conditions set forth in the act are secured to the
Government, and yet, from his remarks hereto-
fore, he is not willing to trust the Territory with
the seventy-six thousand acres of land provided
for in the bill.
Mr. BISSELL. Of what value, I should like to
know, would the land be, lying along that twenty
miles of the line of road, unless the road were
built? They might take the land, if you please,
and not build the road; but what would they profit
by it? They could not sell it in thirty years for
$1 25 per acre. And it is not until the road is con-
structed that the land is of one cent's worth to
those to whom it is granted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not per-
ceive but that the substitute of the gentleman from
South Carolina sufficiently secures the Govern-
ment, so far as the title to the land is concerned;
but what I desire is, and it is what I have not per-
ceived to be sufficiently and clearly stated in his
substitute, that the Territory shall De held to the
performance of the condition to transport the troops
of the Government. I have stated that to the
gentleman from Illinois once before. I will now
say to him, that if he is disposed that the Territory
shall be held 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am willing to yield
that gentlemen may propound questions, but not
for a speech.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theamend-
ment I have submitted can do no harm, at any
event.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York proposed an amendment, making every
provision that was deemed sufficient on the subject.
In reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] I have to say, that because 1 declare the State
shall not be trusted thusand so I do not mean she
shall not be trusted for anything. I am not will-
ing to trust her for everything. I am willing to
trust her for something, small it is true.
Mr. BRIDGES. Mr. Chairman  
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate and amend-
ment is not in order at this time.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to insert in the
first part of the amendment the words "through
the lands hereby granted," so that it will read,
"through the lands hereby granted to said Terri-
tory shall he disposed of," &o.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman desires, I accept
his amendment as a modification of mine.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask that the amend-
ment be reported.
