1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
more to say in explanation of it. In the first
place, this amendment should have no place in an
appropriation bill. It provides that the marshals
of the northern and southern districts of Califor-
nia shall have the same mileage and compensation
for serving processes* issued from the commis-
sion for adjudicating land claims as are allowed
to the sheriffs for serving similar processes issued
from the higher courts of California, and thjjtf the
same mileage and per diem shall be made tef wit-
nesses as are allowed to witnesses by the State of
California. Such a provision should have no
place in an appropriation bill, and the Committee
of Ways and Means accordingly recommend a
non-concurrence therein.
Several Members. We will vote it down with-
out any further explanation.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; then I will say
nothing more.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall vote against this
amendment, for the reason that i want a general
law passed upon the subject which will reach
other cases as well as this. The last Congress
passed a law regulating the fees of the district
attorneys and marshals, and other officers in the
Federal courts, and they have regulated them in
such a way that every marshal in my State who
has to go one hundred and fifty miles away from
home cannot defray his expenses from his fees.
Now, sir, I want a general law passed that will
reach other cases besides this one I do not want
special legislation which will provide for the wants
of California, or that, will provide for the wants of
Michigan, and not for those of the other States.
Let a general law be passed, by which all these
officers shall receive a reasonable compensation
for their services.
Mr. McDOIJGALL. I desire to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in order, unless the gentleman offers an amend-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is it not in order to show
•why the Senate amendment should be concurred
in?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, unless the gen-
tleman offers an amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move, then, to strike
out the last word in the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, before the vote is taken, I desire
to state one or two facts to the committee. We
have a commission in California for the purpose
of settling land claims in that State. The wit-
nesses upon the part of the claimants are brought
there by the interest of the claimants themselves;
but the Government have an important duty to
perform, in resisting unfounded and fraudulent
claims. Witnesses, in many instances, must be
brought from the extreme portions of the State.
Now, under the present law, the fees of the mar-
shals will not pay their traveling expenses.
Mr. LETCHER. Then let a general law be
passed raising the fees of other marshals as well as
yours.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why, sir, this commis-
sion is to last only until the 3d of March next;
and if the officers of the Federal Government,
•whose duty it is to protect the interest of the
Federal Government, are to perform that duty,
you must furnish them with the necessary means.
Now, sir, it is impossible to defend the Govern-
ment against these claimants;they must have wit-
nesses brought, and you must pay your marshals
a compensation that will enable them to bring
such witnessesas mayberequired. Now, sir,this
is a subject which requires immediate attention.
It will not do to wait the slow process of passing
a general law. I said this commission is to ex-
pire in March next, and unless some provision is
passed very soon, it will be too late. It will not
do to wait until next winter for the passage of
such a law. The Government have important
interests to protect in preventing its lands from
being taken by those who have no legitimate claim
upon them. It is important that such measures
should betaken as will prevent the Government
from being robbed of its lands; and I hope this
amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. If I understand correctly,
the Federal officers in the State of California, for
serving the process of this commission, get what
the officers get for serving the process of the courts.
Mr. PHELPS. Double the amount.
Mr. LETCHER. It is, then, that much worse
than I thought it was.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
The forty-third amendment of the Senate was
next read by the Clerk, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
directed to examine the claims presented by certain coun-
ties of the late Territory of Iowa for expenses of the United
States district court which were paid by said counties prior
to the admission of 3aid Territory into the Union asa State;
and if, upon such examination, he is satisfied that, prior to
said time, the ptescounties have paid money which, in
accordance with the instructions of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury, dated December 19, 1343, should have
been paid by the marshal of the United States for said Ter-
ritory, he is directed to audit and allow the same.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose the following as a substitute for
that amendment:
That the First Comptroller of the Treasury be, and he is
heteby, directed to examine the claims presented by cer-
tain counties of the late Temtory of Iowa for expenses of
the United States district court, which were paid by said
counties prior to the admission of said Territory into the
Union as a State; and if, upon such examination, he is
satisfied that prior to said tune the said countics have paid
money which, in accordance with the instructions ot the
Firs?t Comptroller oftheTrcasury, dated 19th of December,
1843, as construed m the report of said Fii>t Comptroller lo
the Secretary ot the Interior under date of 13th of October,
1853, in reference to said subject, should have been paid
by the marshal of the United S:ates for said Territory, he
is directed to audit and settle the same.
The question was taken; and the substitute was
adopted.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I would beg of the gentleman
to withdraw his motion for a short time.
Mr. WHEELER. There does not seem to
be any hurry about the public business. It was
postponed lately for a week and better. I insist
on my motion, and demand tellers on it.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wheel-
er's motion; and,on adivision,therewere—ayes
34, noes 58; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The rol
roll was called,and one hundred and seven-
teen members answered to their names, being less
than a quorum.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chaii, the Chairman (Mr. Chand-
ler) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had bad the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
deficiency bill and the amendments of the Senate
thereto, and finding itself without a quorum, had
caused the roll to be called, and the names of the
absentees to be noted, and had directed him to
report the same to the House.
Mr. LETCL-IER. As there is no quorum here,
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o 'clock,
p. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 24, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William II. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Jamestown, New York, and a petition of
citizens of Wellsville, New York, praying a re-
duction in the rates of ocean postage; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Niagara coun-
ty, New York, and a petition of citizens of East
Saganaw, Michigan, praying for the construction
of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagara; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the following petitions, &c., against the
passage of the bill for organizing the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas; which were ordered to
he on the table:
Petition of citizens of Brandon, Vermont;
Petition of ministers of the Gospel ofNew York,
Massachusetts, and Vermont;
Petition of Stephen T. Wheeler, of Columbia
county, New York:
Petition of clergymen of different denomina-
tions in the State of Michigan*,
Two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania; and
Petition of citizens of Livingston county, Mich-
igan.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a resolution
of the Senate, directing that comrmttee to inquire
into the case of £>avid Carter and Nancy Thorn-
ton, and, also, documents relating thereto, sub-
mitted a report on the subject; which was ordered
to be printed.
AFRICANIZATION OF CUBA.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to present resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana,
which I ask may be read.
The resolutions were read. They declare that
the Legislature of Louisiana view with regret and
alarm the policy recently inaugurated by the Span-
ish Government in the Island of Cuba, the manifest
object and effect of which must be the abolition of
slavery in that colony, to the sacrifice of the white
race, with its arts, commerce, and civilization, to a
barbarous and inferior race; and also that the con-
summation of this policy will exercise a most per-
nicious influence upon thesocial, commercial, and
political interests and institutions of the United
States; and that the time has arrived when the
Fedeial Government should adopt most decisive
and energetic measures to thwart and defeat a
policy conceived in hatted to this Republic, and
calculated to retard its progress and prosperity.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that these resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, who have now this subject under consid-
eration, and that they be printed. I do not desire
to say a single word by way of discussion on this
subject, nor to call upon me the reproof of the
present occupant of the chair, [Mr. Weller,] for
bringing forward any matter of this kind at an
improper moment before the Senate. I wish,
however, to state that I agree with every word of
these resolutions, both as regards their statement
of the policy of this Government, and as to the
facts which are now taking place in the Island of
Cuba, and to express my regret that a gentleman
so distinguished as the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] should call in question, as he did
the day before yesterday, without better grouuds
to question than he could have had, the facts placed
before the Senate and the country by my colleague,
[Mr. Slidell.] 1 believe that the facts as stated
by my colleague can be thoroughly substantiated.
I am in possession of further facts and further
evidence, which it is my intention to lay before
the Senate, as soon as the Committee on Foreign
Relations shall have made their report. With
this simple statement I move the reference.
Mr. CLAYTON. I did not hear the first part
of the honorable Senator's lemarks; but I under-
stand him now to say that he will be prepared,
on some future occasion, to show us that the Span-
ish Government has a deliberate design to eman-
cipate the slaves in Cuba, for the purpose of
preventing us from either purchasing or taking
the island by violence. Do I rightly understand
the honorable Senator to mean so ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not pretend to say
that I shall be able to make a mathematical de-
monstration of a proposition of that kind; but I
think I shall be able to adduce such facta and
such evidence as will satisfy every unprejudiced
mind, so far as it can be satisfied on a political
subject of this kind, that such is the intention of
that Government.
Mr. CLAYTON. That it is their intention to
emancipate those slaves now, at this time?
Mr. BENJAMIN. At the earliest possible
moment, and now that the measures which have
been taken are aimed at that very object, or, in
other words, that the design is now in progress of
execution.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then I understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that it is now actually in
progress of execution. Now, sir, I wish to say
that I shall be most happy to be instructed on this
subject; but I must express, at the same time,
my perfect conviction that the honorable Senator
will never be able to make out the facts he has
stated. I have no belief in them whatever; and
the more I look into the matter, the more I inquire
in regard to it, the more perfectly am I satisfied
that it is not true that the Spanish Government
intends to destroy this island, except in this con-
