1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21m
Mr. MALLORY. 1 was going on to say,
when my colleague interrupted me with his " one
word," that these contractors were paid under the
last Administration by a ruling of the Attorney
General that, although the contractors were to find
the dock, the United States were to find the water,
and as the United States had not found the water;
and the dock was there, the Department paid the
#993,000. However erroneous that ruling may
be, such is the naked fSct. The contractors have
the money, and the dock is moored at Pensacola.
If the dock can get into the basin, it will be as
useful as every other dock; and they are scattered
over the coast from Kittery to New Orleans. This
dock is universally used throughout the country.
It is very useful, but it needs the basin.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the gentleman say that
the dock, with the basin and railway, was ever
used by anybody but this Government?
Mr. MALLORY. The dock needs a basin.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to know whether any-
body but the Government ever was fool enough to
use this dock with the basin and railway ?
Mr. MALLORY. I say this dock is being used
all over the United States, and ships are docked in
it while we are talking about it.
Mr. TOOMBS. My question is, whether it has
been used in connection with therailway and basin
by anybody in the world except this Government?
Mr. MALLORY. Therailway, the gentleman
must know, has no connection with the dock and
basin. The railway is simply a convenience to
enable you to repair more ships than one at the
same time. If you have one ship in the dock,
without a railway, you cannot repair more than
that one at a time; but with a railway, you may
repair a large number at once. Now, the question
is not whether the basin and railway are entirely
superfluous, but the question for the country to
determine is, whether they will abandon this dock
and basin, for which they have paid $1,000,000,
or whether they will make it available and useful
by this further expenditure'
I agree with my colleague and the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that there are features about these
dock contracts which none of us approve; but
the contractors have got the money, and I venture
the opinion that if suit be brought on the bonds
—and I almost know that the Secretary has de-
termined to do it—it will end in nothing; but we
shall still have the dock on our hands. Instead of
allowing it to deteriorate, why not expend this
small sum of money which will make it available
and useful ? It will enable the dock to begot into
the basin, and then you can use it. I have great
regard for the opinion of my colleague on this
matter; but I have much greater regard for my
own; because I have inspected ships and docks,
and I have seen many a ship docked in precisely
such a dock as this; and I can see, as it were, be-
fore me now, the identical difficulty which is in
the way.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Florida will this appropriation complete the
work, or only begin it? Will this finish the dock
so that it can be used >
Mr. MALLORY. I hold that this appropria-
tion wili enable us to dock a frigate immediately;
and I think, without it, you will never be able to
dock a ship there at all. That is my position.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is very sel-
dom that I occupy the attention of the Senate; but
as this is a local matter in which I feel a reponsi-
bility to my constituents in opposing an item for
my own State, I beg leave to say a few words
further.
I am in favor of the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, for the simple reason that this
deep basin is perfectly unnecessary. We have the
evidence of competent naval officers that there is
sufficient depth of water at Pensacola now, without
any such expenditure as this. I am opposed to
the expenditure for raising the walls of the dock
basin, for the reason that the board of officers ap-
pointed to examine and inspect it reported that
there was not sufficient water within the basin to
float the dock -with a frigate on it; and the ex-
penditute of this money for raising the walls of the
basin will not give you an inch, or a fragment of
an inch, additional water in the basin. That
board, composed of Navy and Army officers and
engineers, reported to the Department that there
was not sufficient depth of water in the basin, and
that the contractors had not complied with the
contract. Now, if you add to the height of the
wall of the basin, you will not get an additional
inch of water in that basin. How, then, can my
colleague say that by raising this wall, or making
this basin—when you have now twenty-four
feet of water, by expending money to give you
thirty or forty feet—it will enable you to take the
dock into the basin, which has only nine feet ten
inches of water over its gate ? Everybody knows
that water seeks its own level. You may raise a
wall around it as high as you please, and it will
not add a fragment of an inch to the depth of the
water in the basin.
My colleague spoke of the opinion of the At-
torney General. I am no lawyer, but I have no
hesitancy in saying that the opinion of the At-
torney General was perfectly correct on the case
presented to him. The simple case presented
to him was, should the contractors or the Gov-
ernment furnish the water outside the basin to
bring the dock to the gate of the basin. The At-
torney General unhesitatingly decided that the
Government was bound to furnish the water, as
it had fixed on the site for the basin ? The De-
partment submitted that question to the Attorney
General, but there was no evidence that there was
not sufficient water outside the basin to float the
dock into the basin. There was nothing but the
statement of the contractors themselves. On that
hypothetical case, submitted to the Attorney Gen-
eral, he gave his opinion. Subsequently, when
the Government appointed a board of officers and
engineers to examine into the whole matter, they
reported that there was sufficient water without
the gate of this basin to float the dock to the basin,
but that there was not enough water over thessill
of the basin and in the basin itself to float
dock with a frjgateon board.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, as the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Morton] wishes the motion
to strike out to prevail, of course I shall not ob-
ject. The only effect is to render it impossible for
the Government tfver to repair a ship at his navy-
yard, or to use this dock m any way whatever.
Fhat, however, is a local matter, for the consid-
eration of the honorable Senator and his State.
Mr. MORTON. You will never repair a ves-
sel with the dock.
Mr. GWIN. That is the Senator's opinion.
The Senator has been led into error in regard to
the insufficiency of the dock and the violation of
the contract, by the report of the board of officers
to which he has so often referred. Now, I under-
take to say that that report is as completely cut
to pieces by the answer of the contractors as any
document ever was in the history of this country;
and if the Senator from Florida and the Senator
from Pennsylvania will withdraw their objections
to the publication of that document, we shall see
both sides without having long speeches on the
subject. This morning 1 proposed to discharge
the committee, and have thatdocument published,
that we might see the other side of the question
as well as one which has been so often and elab-
orately discussed here; but the Senator from Penn-
sylvania objected to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did object, to discharging
the committee and printing the document referred
to, because the committee had not taken any action
upon it. We had not time to examine it and make
a report; why, then, discharge the committee and
publish the document;
Mr. GWIN. It could very easily be referred
to the committee next winter, and examined, and
reported on by them. Is the gentleman afraid to
see it in print? I undertake to say that the facts
and arguments presented by the contractors de-
fend themselves abundantly against every charge
brought against them. The whole difficulty, and
the only difficulty, is, that at the navy-yard at
Pensacola, and the navy-yard at Philadelphia, we
ought never to have provided these docks at all.
It is a very different thing in other locations. I un-
dertake to say that, in the history of civilized na-
tions, you will never again see a stone dock built;
but these are the docks which always will be used
in all time to come. They are used by the com-
mercial marine; and all the docks which will be built
in future will be on this plan. In regard to the basin
and railway, that may be an experiment, but I have
no doubt it will succeed; and so far as that is con-
cerned—I speak of my own country—we wish to
have it. Therewedonotwantanydeepeningofthe
water Nature has given us water enough, and has
given us a place for a dock basin and railway, with-
out any of those appliances. There are four or-five
places in the United States where we need navy-
yards; and although, as the head of the Naval Com-
mittee, I sustain all the navy-yards, I believe in
a great deal of what the Senator from Maryland
said this morning, and I think the time is rapidly
approaching when we should consider whether we
ought not to abandon some of them, and retain
those at proper locations where they are really
useful.
I undertake to say this dock in the waters in
California will be eminentlyluseful to the country.
We want a dock, basin, and railway there. The
contract to which the Senator from Georgia al-
luded has been made in accordance with law, and
in accordance with the public necessities of that
section of the country. W^ shall never hear of
the Government doing this, that, and the other,
to make a navy-yard there. God Almighty has
made it. It is unnecessary to dredge, as you are
doing at all your navy-yards, except three or four.
Look at this appropriation bill, and you find that
you appropriate for dredging at Washington, at
Philadelphia, at Pensacola, and various other navy-
yards. 1 could refer to some—but I do not wish
to discriminate—which were never intended for
the purposes to which they have been applied.
New York, Boston, Norfolk, and San Francisco,
are the points which nature has made for our great
navy-yards, and for the docking of vessels. The
old stone docks were very fine things in their time,
before steam was discovered; but, in my opinion,
another stone dock will never be built in this or in
any other country. That, however, is entirely
immaterial to the point in issue. All I want to
ij do is to state the facts as they are. If the Senator
I from Florida is for striking out, I have no objec-
. tion to its being done.
| Mr. TOOMBS. I think this motion to strike
' out is eminently proper. I have a few remarks
to make upon it in reply to the Senator from Cali-
fornia. When these people came here eight or
ten years ago, they asked for contracts for three
docks—one at Kittery, one at Philadelphia, and
the other at Pensacola. There was a great strug-
gle about it; but finally they got the contracts.
They said there was plenty of water at all the
places, and that they were very fit places to build
these docks, railways, and basins. They went
on and built them. I suppose the report of the
examination of the docks depends very much on
[ those who examine them. I have not heard any-
' thing in reference to the Kittery dock. I have
i examined the report of the board that examined
the Pensacola dock, which the Senator fromCali-
| fornia says has been triumphantly answered. The
! board was composed of Commodore Tatnall, of
! the Navy, Major Chase, of the Army, Mr. Her-
| ron, an eminent Civil Engineer of the Navy, who
| took down all the testimony, and Mr. Hartt, the
I chief naval constructor of the United States,
| Their report, accompanied by all the testimony
i| and facts, is before us. The statement of the
j; contractors is utterly denied by the board. They
II refused to receive the dock, because it was faulty
1 in principle and construction. That is the report
ij made by the commission sent to exaifiine the
work; and after all the evasions of the contractors
disclosed in the testimony, they came here and
demanded the money. They alleged that the dif-
i ficulty was owing to a deficiency of water, and
they referred it to the Attorney General to say
whether, under their contract, there must not be a
sufficiency of water. He said there must be, and
| then the money was paid to them. This commis-
' sion, however, tell us that was not the difficulty.
The ship they attempted to dock was not more
than two thirds the size required by the contract.
One wasaship-of-war; the other a frigate. These
' parties were paid in the face of the report of this
! commission.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator tell me whether
any one of those officers, except one, ever before
saw a ship docked ?
, Mr. TOOMBS. 1 suppose Commodore Tat-
nall did; he has been in the Navy all his life,
j Mr. GWIN. No, sir, he never did.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should consider that rather
strange.
| Mr. GWIN. It is so asserted, and it seems to
be very well proved.
Mr. TOOMBS. These officers were sent for
! the purpose of examining this dock. The com-
