1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
Mr. ORR. Upon looking closely at the modi-
fication suggested by the gentleman from Ohio, I
do not think that it ought to be made. It should
be retained in the bill, that if the road is not con-
structed within ten years the land shall revert to
the Government; and it is therefore necessary in
that point of view.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman wishes to
retain the amendment as originally introduced,
excepting the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton.]
The question being on the substitute of Mr.
Orr, as modified, for the fourth section of the bill,
it was put, and the amendment was agreed to.
The fifth section of the bill was read.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend that section
by adding at the end ,-ftf it the following proviso:
Provided, also, That before title to the land mentioned
in the first section of this act shall vest in the said Terri-
tory, the Legislative Council of said Territory shall pro-
vide by law tot suhimtting the acceptance or tuni-accent-
ance of the said grant of land to the people of thirsaid Ter-
ritory by a vote, to be taken at the usual places ot holding
elections in said Territory, and at such time as may he pro-
vided by law ; and that if a majority of the qualified elec-
tors of the said Territory shall vote in favor of such accept-
ance, then the said land shall vest in said Territoiy; oihei-
wise said grant shall be null and void.
Mr..WADE. I desire to state here, but under
the five minutes'rule have not time to say, all that
ought to be said in relation to this and the numer-
ous other like bills which it is evident are to be
brought forward for the action of the House. In
my judgment they are wrong in principle, and
cannot but prove injurious to the very interests
they are ostensibly designed to subserve. It is
claimed that the interests of the West are involved
in the passage of these railroad bills. It would
be morally impossible for me to do any act ad-
verse to the interests of the West. All my in-
terests and sympathies are with and for the West;
and nothing in which western interests are in-
volved, when justice is not violated, can meet my
opposition.
Now, I do not believe that the passage of these
bills promote western interests. They constitute
monopolies of the most odious character. Who
here can tell the House under what charters these
roads will be constructed? And I appeal to the
Democracy to give us light on this subject before
we add to these monopolies the most extensive
and odious land monopoly ever attempted to be
imposed on the country. I do not know the num-
ber of these roads in charge of the different com-
mittees of this House, but it will not be extrav-
agant to call them legion. The road in question
calls for seven hundred and sixty-eight thousand
acres—enough to fnrnish homesteads for four
thousand eight hundred heads of families, and it
withdraws "from sale an equal quantity reserved
to the Government at double the minimum price,
thus excluding from this portion of the Territory
nine thousand six hundred families. This effect,
in case the homestead bill should pass the Senate,
as it has passed the House, will do greater injuiy
to the Territory than this railroad would do good,
passing, as it is said to do, through an unsettled
part of the country.
Now, sir, I believe this is altogether running be-
fore we are called. It is said here that before the
stock of these roads becomes of any value the
land must be settled. Why not wait, then, before
building this road until the country is so far set-
tled as to render the stock valuable ? Why reverse
the entire order of the settlement of the western
country, and make railroads in advance of that
settlement? Why not rather wait, and let things
tfike their natural course, and let the people go in
to these Territories and occupy the lands,and set-
tle there, and so demonstrate the necessity—■make
it plain to the people of the country—thatarailroad
is needed, and thus invite capitalists in to con-
struct a railroad ?
By this bill the road need not be built under ten
years; but the land is to be donated now. This
is taking time by the forelock. Settling rapidly
as the West now is, if the road passes through a
district where a railroad is really needed, before
the road need be made under this bill the country
generally will have been already settled, and yet
this land will belong to the Territory, or some
corporation created by its authority. How, then,
do we by this donation secure, make certain, any
benefit to the West ?
But it is said we must trust the territorial au-
thorities to make the right use of this property.
Why, then, not donate the land outright to the
Territory, and give it a confidence coextensive
with our generosity ? Why confine this gift to this
railroad, with its commencement, terminus, and gen-
eral course, all absolutely defined ? Could we not
as well trust the Territory in these most important
matters as in any other? 1 am strongly impressed,
Mr. Chairman, with the belief that if our confi-
dence in the Territory was as ample as this, and
we should make this bill so utter our confidence,
that there might not improbably be a forthwith
stampede among the mul titudinous lobby members
who are so anxious for the passage of this bill.
No, sir, I am persuaded that there is " specula-
tion in their eyes-," that this great anxiety for the
people of the West is based upon mere private in-
terests; that though we cannot see, yet \ye can
most probably feel.
It is further said that the State of Illinois, which
received so great a bounty from the Government,
has derived the greatest benefit from that dona-
tion. It may be, sir; but I am skeptical as to the
fact whether that great central railroad is a cause
of the prosperity of that State. In my humble
judgment that railroad itself, and the whole rail-
road system of the West, are rather the effect than
the cause of the great prosperity of the West.
Railroads cannot create; they can only develop.
They do not go before, but only accompany pros-
perity.
But, sir, the great objection to this, and all the
other railroads on which, 1 suppose, we shall be
called upon to act, is, that we make them enor-
mous land monopolies, which will be easier, we
shall find, and so will the people, to create than to
destroy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Ohio will look at his proposition for a moment, he
will see in what contradictions it involves him;
and it is this: that we ought to wait until the
country is settled before we give the land; but
when the country is settled, we shall have no land
to give. That is all there is of it.
Mr. WADE. I would ask the gentleman
whether he does not believe that the people of
the Territory are better judges of the matter than
we can be?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no doubt of it;
not the least. If I had, I would not be pressing
this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio if he has not made a
mistake in the phraseology of his amendment?
If he will look at his amendment, he will see that
he has referred to only one branch of the Legis-
lature, instead of saying the Legislative Assem-
bly.
Mr. WADE. It may be so; but that can easily
be corrected.
The question was then taken on the motion of-
fered by Mr. Wade; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BRIDGES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all of the fifth section after the word " Depart-
ment."in the third line, and mseit as follows:
—fiee of any charge or expense whabover to the said
Ucpaitment, for a peiiod of fifteen years from the time the
said railroad shall be put m operation.
So that the scction shall read:
" That the United States mail shall be transported over
said raihoad, under the dueetion of the Post Office Depart-
ment, free of any charge or expense whatsoever to the said
Depai tinent, for a penod of filteen years from the time the
said railroad shall he put m operation."
Mr. BRIDGES. My object in offering the
amendment is to change an important feature of
this bill, if possible, from a donation of land to a
bill of sale.
Mr. HENN. I would ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if there is any donation in it' I de-
sire him to point out the place in it where one
acre of land is given.
Mr. BRIDGES. That was one object for
which I rose. When I first took up this bill and
read it, I was amused at the fascinating language
used in the first two lines; and it struck me very
forcibly, that whenever there is an attempt made
to get property from the United States, the idea
is held out that the Government, is to be benefited
by it in some way or other. This is for the pur-
pose of fascinating, charming, and alluring mem-
bers into the support of a measure, which they
would not do, if it were not couched in language
of that description. May I not call it a species
of sympathy for the Government, or the desire to
exercise a guardian care over it? Let me say to
those who use such language for the purpose of,
operating upon this House, that it reminds me of
the sympathy which vultures show to the lambs
when devouring them—such sympathy as the
crocodile exhibits when he mingles his tears with
the blood of his expiring victim. Let me say to
this committee, that the contingency upon which
this bill hangs, and which its friends hang upon
it, is too far distant in the future to demand any
consideration at the hands of this committee. If
the idea is held out that this road may be wanted
for the purpose of transporting troops and muni-
tions of war over it, such an event may not hap-
pen for a century to come.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
one fact, and that is this: That we come up from
the bosom of the people here, and as their repre-
sentatives, we are legislating in reference to their
property, and not our own property. We are the
agents of the people; and am I; as the agent of a
small constituency, to give away the property of
the people without an ample remuneration for it?
The Constitution does notallow it. That portion
of the Constitution under which this is asked, to
wit: the third section of the fourth article, never
intended that the property of the people should be
given away without a valuable consideration. I
have heard it said upon this floor that the word
" dispose" may be variously construed. It never
can be construed to mean as giving away the prop-
erty of the people. The word " dispose" means
to sell, and no other meaning can be given to it—
certainly not according to the general acceptation
of the term, and the definition of any lexicogra-
pher. I ask, then, why there should not be some
remuneration made by this vast company that
will be incorporated in consequence of malting this
grant? I call the attention of the committee to
this scheme, which is only second in importance
and magnitude to the great scheme of a certain
gentleman who for years was boring members of
Congress for the purpose of getting a grant of a
strip of land sixty miles wide, to extend from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. OLDS. I dislike to oppose any amend-
ment offered by my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Bridges;] but it appears to me that his amend-
ment makes an invidious distinction against this
railroad, that the postal arrangements of the
country do not really demand. Sir, the committee
originally reported precisely the same provision
in this bill, in respect to carrying the mail, which
is contained in all the other railroad bills. Jtis
that Congress itself shall fix the price at which
the mail shall be transported over the road; and it
is precisely what you want in respect to the rail-
roads of the country. Why do you want this
railroad to carry the mail free of cost, when you
have determined to pay the Central railroad in Illi-
nois, and all the other roads to which you have
made grants of land ? Congress has the right,
and that is what the wants of the country demand,
to fix a uniform rate of compensation to be paid
to the various railroad companies for the transpor-
tation of the mails.
Between this city and New York you are now
paying $3 75 per mile per annum. That is wrong,
and it demands a remedy at the hands of Con-
gress. But because some of the railroads in the
country have imposed upon the Post Office De-
partment, by charging enormous prices for the
transportation of the mail, is that any reason why
we should go to this new Territory of Minnesota
and demand that this railroad should carry your
mails for nothing ?
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary—the Speaker
having temporarily resumed the chair for that pur-
pose—informing the House that the Senate had
House bill (No. 14) to amend an act entitled
"An act to divide the State of Arkansas into two
judicial districts," approved March, 1851; and
House bill (No. 276) for the relief of William
Mayo.
The former, with an amendment, in which he
asked the concurrence of the House; and the lat-
ter without amendment.]
Mi. OLDS, continued. I was proceeding to
say, that because a portion of the railroads in the
