1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
tingency: They will act precisely as you, sir,
would act, or any other man might act, without
being censured so much, who should find that a
piratical vessel was about to seize his ship and
crew. You might blow up your powder maga-
zine in such a case as that, without incurring the
censure of the world. That is all, in my opinion,
which the Spanish Government contemplates. If
they find that, from any quarter of this Union,
there is a piratical expedition set on foot, with a
■view to take the island from them, and that there
is a certainty that the island will be taken from
their possession and custody by that means, they
will blow up their powder magazine.
The Spanish Government has given us notice
of that for many years back. It has never been
concealed by them. They have declared over and
over again, more than ten years ago, to the va-
rious gentlemen who occupied stations at the head
of the State Department, that if such a thing as
that should be done they would ruin the island,
rather than permit us to take it in thai manner.
Now, then, let the honorable Senator understand
just precisely the difference between us. If he
brings proof forward for the purpose of showing
that, he only brings forward proof to show what
I Concede; but I 'deny, from the evidence before
me, that the honorable Senator can produce any
proof whatever to show that the Spanish Govern-
ment, in the present condition of affairs, intends to
emancipate the slaves in Cuba, or, to use the hon-
orable Senator's own language, that such a scheme
as that is in progress of execution.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I did not hear the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
but if I understand them as commented on by the
Senator from Delaware, he made a statement that
the Spanish Government has it in contemplation
to set free the negroes in Cuba in the event of an
invasion of that island, or an insurrection on the
island.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; that was not his
statement.
Mr. GWIN. If it is denied that it is in con-
templation by the Spanish Government to set the
negroes there free, in the event of an insurrection,
I undertake to say that it can be readily estab-
lished.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator will
please not to understand me as denying any such
thing as that. 1 have not said that, m the event of
"an insurrection in the island,an insurrection which
should take the government of the country out of
the hands of Spain, her civil authorities in the
island might not proceed to this extremity. I
have not denied that; I have not said that would
not be done. What I have said is, that the posi-
tion taken by the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana, in my humble judgment, cannot be substan-
tiated, and that position is, that there is, at this
time, in progress of execution, a scheme to eman-
cipate the slaves in Cuba.
Mr. GWIN. For several years back, on my
way to take my seat in the Senate, I have stopped
in Havana, and I was distinctly informed, and
papers were shown to me in which the threat was
held out to the inhabitants of that island by the
authorities, that if they did attempt an insurrec-
tion, the negroes would be turned loose upon
them. This has been known to be the policy of
that Government, and it has deterred the inhabit-
ants of the island from resisting the oppression
under which they have been groaning for years.
They have been deterred by the apprehension that
their negroes would be turned loose upon them,
and armed for the purpose of a servile insurrec-
tion, in the event of a revolution in the island. I
have not a solitary doubt that there is, and has
been for years, a power reposed in the authorities
there, by Spain, to free every negro on the island,
and arm them in case of a revolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said before that I do not
wish to enter into the discussion of this subject,
and I am very loth to be drawn into saying any-
thing on a matter which I consider now to be
properly before the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of this body. But I am surprised, sir, in
view of the recent developments, in view of the
information which has just reached us from Cuba,
that a gentleman of the experience of the Senator
from Delaware can say he unhesitatingly ex-
presses his disbelief in the assertions which have
been repeatedly made by different Senators upon
this floor.
Now, sir, those of us who areawareof thesys-
tem by which the Island of Cuba is now governed
—those of us who are aware of the fact, that there
is not a single inhabitant of that island who is
allowed to have a pointed knife in his family—
those of us who are aware of the system of es-
pionage which now prevails in the island—those
of us who are aware of the threats that have
been repeatedly made by the Captain General
of the island, that at the first indication of an
attempt on the part of the people to recover their
freedom, their own slaves shall be armed against
them—and those of us who have followed up
these indications and these facts, and who are
aware of the system, by which the registry of
slaves upon the island is conducted, and who have
looked at the late proclamation of the Captain Gen-
eral in relation to the registry, who can see the
fact that that proclamation will produce a change
in the status of the black population of that island,
can by no possibility entertain a doubt of the
scheme which has been deliberately formed, and
which, I repeat, is now in progress of execution
upon the island.
Sir, we all know, or at least those of us who
have paid any attention to that subject know,
that for a long series of years past, by reason of
the very heavy duties which have been imposed
upon the transfer of slaves from one proprietor to
another, these slaves have passed from hand to
hand by parol. The money has been given, and
the slave thus passed to a new owner. According
to a recent proclamation, every slave in the pos-
session of an individual who cannot show a regis-
tered title to him, is to be made free now upon the
spot. If I am not misinformed, nearly one fourth
of those who are really slaves upon the island will
be made'free, under the operation of this procla-
mation. There, sir, is the very first step towards
what the Legislature of Louisiana has termed the
Africanization of the Island of Cuba.' This is the
last piece of information that has come to us from
that island.
In addition to this, we have the statements made
by the honorable Senator himself the other morn-
ing, in which he assured us that for a series of
years past the black population of the island has
been increasing in a rapid ratio. Now, every one
of these slaves in fact—not, I believe, slaves
legally, according to the institutions and laws of
Cuba, but slaves now in fact—are to be set free.
All those who are actually slaves, but who have
been passed from hand to hand, without the form-
ality of a notarial seal, will also be set free under
this proclamation in relation to registration. These
will form a body of black troops to assist the
Spanish troops against the white population of the
island.
My colleague, in the speech which he made a
short time ago, that attracted so much attention
in the country, demonstrated to the Senate that
the intention of the British Government—and it
has been fully shown in its correspondence and
negotiations with the Spanish Government—is to
induce the latter Government to consider the blacks
and whites, upon the island,as one common pop-
ulation, to be taken care of, and protected by one
common set of regulations applicable to both
classes of the population.
I shall not go further into this subject now, sir;
but 1 refer to these facts for the purpose of show-
ing that this is not an idle apprehension, that it is
not one without foundation; and when the discus-
sion comes up I think we shall be able to show the
Senator such facts and such proofs as will shake
even his well-formed conviction to the contrary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to ask what is the
pending question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weixkr
in the chair.) The question is on referring the
resolutions which have been presented by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken without further debate. It will be much
better to have the debate come up on the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to express the hope
that this debate will not be continued. I do not
think that the discussion at this time, under the
circumstances, is calculated to lead to any valu-
able result.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I said be-
fore, that I did not propose at this time to go ex-
tensively into the discussion of this subject; but
1 know that the remarks made from so distin-
guished a source as my honorable, friend from
Louisiana, will be calculated to make a deep im-
pression upon the minds of the American people;
and as I do verily believe that that impression
will be erroneous, it is my duty to arrest it now.
It is my duty, so far as I have light and knowl-
edge, to explain the transactions to which the
honorable Senator has referred, and which he
thinks are conclusive evidence of a design now to
emancipate the slaves in Cuba.
Sir, I do not stand here now—I have never stood
here or anywhere—as the apologist for theoppres-
sions or exactions of the Spanish Government, or
its corruptions. I know as much, perhaps, on that
subject as most gentlemen here; and whenever it
shall become the interest of my country to expose
them, I will do it fully. Sir, it is all important
that the Senate of the United States should not be
misled on this subject; but that, when wedo strike,
we should strike justly, that we should not mis-
conceive either our own position or that-of a for-
eign Government..
1 say again that I deny that my honorable friend
can show a tittle of evidence to justify the asser-
tion that Spain intends now to emancipate the
slaves in Cuba, and that such a scheme is in prog-
ress of execution. Now is the time that the true
and just impression should go forth to the Amer-
ican people. Sir, there are those at the other end
of the avenue whose duty it is to investigate this
subject, and who will be undera fearful responsi-
bility both to God and to their country, if they
suffer a wrong opinion on this subject to go forth,
and the minds of the American people to be poi-
soned with untruth in regard to it. I will do this
with the honorable Senator, knowing nothing, of
my own knowledge, of the opinions of the Sec-
retary of State om this subject. I will risk the
whole issue upon the opinion he will give the Sen-
ate of the United States or the country about it.
If he will say to me, or to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, that he believes this story, I will yield
up my convictions. I do not believe that he credits
the story at all, and I cannot think that the Presi-
dent and the Cabinet credit it. They are the
proper persons to investigate the matter. They
have time to do it. We here on this floor can
make declarations which will inflame the public
mind. Thepeople, supposing that we understand
the matter, will take our statements as correct,
when perhaps we are not so thoroughly acquaint-
ed with the subject as those gentlemen at the other
end of the avenue, whose duty it is to acquire
light and give it to the people. I wish to wait for
them. I wish the State Department to give up all
its secrets upon this subject, and with that very
view I moved, in the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, the resolution which my honorable friend,
the chairman, [Mr. Mason,} introduced yester-
day, and which was adopted, calling on the State
Department for the information that will give us
light on the subject.
With regard to the fact that slaves have in-
creased within a few years past in the Island of
Cuba, I explained the reason the day before
yesterday, in a short speech to the Senate. 1
showed that our own countrymen were the men
who had thus far Africanized Cuba, by building
slavers and sending them and selling them at
Havana, and navigating the vessels to the coast of
Africa.
I think my honorable friend is mistaken in re-
gard to the numbers. I have not yet learned of
more thtfn five thousand being imported there
within the last sixteen months, though there may
be, and probably there are many more. S have
been apprised of the cases of the vessels, called
the Jasper, the Silenas, the General de Kalb,and
the Lady Suffolk, notorious piratical slavers.
There are doubtless many others, but I cannot
believe that anything like a hundred thousand, or
one half, or one fuuith of that number has been
imported into Cuba. But here lies the mischief,
towards which the attention of the American Sen-
ate ought to be drawn. If we are ever to have
this island, and I have expressed the opinion and
entertained it for many years back, that it will one
day be ours, how I do not pretend to say, we are
deeply interested in having this business of intro-
ducing negroes and free negroes from Africa
stopped. The most effective way of stoppingit,is
by stopping the slave trade with our own vessels.
