1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
act for organizing the Territory of Mississippi, in
1798, when we placed it under an Executive gov-
ernment. But it is a little curious that, in 1808,
Congress passed an act to extend the right of suf-
frage in the Mississippi Territory. Whether there
had been any elective Legislature in that Terri-
tory up to that time I do not know, but I presume
there had not; at least I am not able to find any evi-
dence of it, and 1 suppose that it was governed as
was the Northwest Territory, by a Governor and
judges. But in 1808, Congress passed an act to
extend the right of suffrage in the Mississippi
Territory, and that act expressly restricted the
elective franchise to those who were citizens of
the United States, and besides, possessed the ne-
cessary property qualifications. That was the
earliest act vvhich I can find in which the policy
of the Government was to confine the elective
franchise to citizens of the United States. In 1812,
we organized the Territory of Missouri, and there
we expressly limited the right of suffrage to citi-
zens of the United States. Afterwards we organ-
ized the Territory of Arkansas, and applied to it
the provisions of the act organizing the Territory
of Alissouri. When we organized Iowa and Wis-
consin we also limited the right of the elective
franchise to those who were citizens of the United
States, and so we did in Utah and New Mexico
as late as 1850.
We have departed from that rule in regard to
the lately organized Territories of Oregon, Min-
nesota, and Washington. In regard to these
three Territories, the provision which extended
the elective franchise to those who are not citi-
zens, I think never entered into the consideration
of any member of the Senate. I have looked over
the debates on the Minnesota bill, and I do not
find anything said on the subject when that bill
was under discussion. In regard to Oregon Ter-
ritory, there was perhaps a peculiar reason why
Congress should be more liberal than in regard
to other Territories. I presume, however, that,
in regard to all of them, the provision was estab-
lished in consequence of the attention of Congress
being absorbed by subjects of much greater im-
portance. Be that as it may, these three later
precedents being the only cases of extending the
franchise to those who are not citizens of the
United States, and who have only declared their
intentions to become such, seem to be entitled,
under the circumstances, to but little consider-
ation; at all events, they should not overrule the
precedents which I have mentioned in the Terri-
tories of Missouri, Mississippi, Arkansas, Iowa,
Wisconsin, Utah, and New Mexico.
But I see this bill provides, that while the alien
who may have come into theTerritory only the day
before, may entitle himself, by a declaration of his
intention to become a citizen, to exercise this
privilege of citizenship, and vote in the organiza-
tion of the government, or in the election of those
who are to conduct it, no officer, soldier, seaman,
or marine, or any other person in the Army or
Navy of the United States, shall be allowed to
vote or hold office in the country.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to correct the Sena-
tor; " he shall not be entitled to vote by reason of
being stationed there," is the reason of it. He
may be a resident and citizen elsewhere; and he
is not to be allowed to vote by reason of being
stationed in the Territory.
Mr. PEARCE. Then a man who is stationed
there by orders of his Government shall not be
allowed to vote because he is a citizen of some
State of the Union; but the alien who may go in
the day before he declares his intention to become
a citizen, shall be entitled to vote, though not a
citizen. That is practically declaring that our nat-
uralization laws shall have no force,at all in this
Territory, and placing the newly arrived foreign
emigrant above the citizen of the United States.
I can conceive of no higher exercise of the right of
citizenship than that of voting, unless it be the
right of being elected a Representative; yet you
propose to bestow it upon one who may never pro-
ceed further than the declaration of his intention to
become a citizen, though that declaration may
never be carried out, and the party may never be-
come a citizen at all.
There is another section of this bill which, m
effect, repeals the Missouri restriction of 1820,
and proposes to substitute for that restriction the
authority of the people of the Territory to regu-
late their own domestic institutions. It is true
that the section does not expressly provide that the
Territorial Legislature may prohibit slavery, or
establish it at their own will. Some gentlemen
doubt whether it is competent for Congress to
confer this power upon tue Territorial Legisla-
ture; whether the Constitution allows such a grant
of power. So the general declaration is made in
this section that " the true intent and meaning of
this act is to leave the people thereof free to lorm
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States." This, while it does not in terms
invest the Territorial Legislature with the power
1 to establishor prohibit, impliedly does so provided
nothing in the letter or spirit of the Constitution
inhibits it.
While, therefore, the effect of this provision is
doubtful or doubted, one thing is certain, that
the bill proposes, in this indirect manner, to invest
the people of the Territory, so far as Congress
constitutionally can, with the power to decide the
question of slavery or no slavery; and this power
is conferied, as well on the alien who has been
long enough m the Territory to declare his inten-
tion to become a citizen, as upon the citizen of the
United States who is so by birth or naturalization.
Now, I am not willing under any circumstances
to bestow the elective franchise upon one who is
not a citizen of the United States, whatever prece-
dents there may be. Still less am 1 inclined to
bestow it upon lum when he is to be invested with
authority to control this question which Congress
has not settled, and cannot settle, to its own satis-
faction, and, therefore, to be rid of its embarrass-
i ments, has transferred to the Territories themselves.
! If this question is to be left to the people of the
Territories, (and I am inclined to think that it is
as wise as any thing else which can be adopted,)
let it be left to those people of the Territories
who are citizens of the United States, who under-
stand our Government, who, whether native or
naturalized, have been living long enough in the
United States to have obtained some familiaiity
with our institutions, who have acquired an in-
terest in the welfare of the country, and have iden-
tified themselves with it.
I am free to admit that many of our naturalized
citizens are distinguished for earnest patriotism,
and an intelligent comprehension of our public
affairs.
But let us not confer power over this delicate
and disturbing question upon those who have
merely declared their intention to become citizens,
who may never become citizens, who cannot claim
suffrage as a right, and who, by the theory of our
naturalization laws, are not supposed to be com-
petent to exercise it.
For these reasons I have offered the amend-
ment. .
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, it has been
correctly stated by the Senator from Illinois, that
this is the same bill which we passed in the Senate
sometime since, with the exception of one very im-
portant provision, respecting the rights of unnat-
uralized citizens.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be well to state that
it contains some verbal alterations in its grammati-
cal construction, but there is no variation in sense
with the exception mentioned by the Senator.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator is correct,
and as I do not wish to open the debate on the
merits of the bill again, I will only consider the
section respecting the qualification of voters, which
the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] has moved to amend by striking out the
clause authorizing unnaturalized citizens to vote.
The section authorizes all free white persons above
the age of twenty-one to vote at the first election,
including foreigners who have not become citizens
but have declared their intention to become such,
and excluding the officers and soldiers of the Army.
So that a foreigner unacquainted with our language
or laws, not twenty-four hours in the Territory,
and who has not been in our country ten days,
can vote without paying a tax, and General Scott,
if he happened to be there commanding our troops,
could not. The honorable Senator from Mary-
land has moved what is called the Clayton amend-
ment, which restricts the right to vote to those who
are citizens, either native-born or those who have
become such under our naturalization laws, and
as 1 voted for it when the bill was before the
Senate upon another occasion, and have seen no
reason for changing my vote, I will do so again.
The right to vote and take part in the Govern-
ment is a high privilege, and I hold that it should
only be exercised by those who have become
citizens and entitled to the rights and immunities,
and who have incurred the obligations of citizen-
ship. I will hereafter state how an alien may
become a citizen.
There has been many misrepresentations made
respecting the effect of'the proposed amendment.
It has been said that those who support it desire
to disfranchise foreigners, which is not the fact.
It has been said that the Clayton amendment was
stricken out by the House, in accordance with the
example furnished in the bills erecting the Terri-
tories of Utah and New Mexico, when the truth is
that the Clayton amendment makes it conform to
those bills, as I will presently show. And those
bills were part of the compromise measures of
1850, and better considered than any others. The
amendment now under consideration, is, in my
judgment, required by the, true spirit and meaning
of the Constitution, by sound policy, and justified
by precedent.
The Constitution in the eighth section says,
Congress may " establish a uniftnm rule of natu-
ralization." Therefore, whenever Congress acts
it must make the rule uniform. Well, Congress
has established a rule by an act passed in 1802,
requiring five years residence before admission to
citizenship, and now it is proposed to establish
another rule for Nebraska. And what good rea-
son can be given for it. Why should an alien have
greater privileges in Nebraska than in Pennsylva-
nia? I voted to extend the present naturalization
laws over the Territory of Nebraska, nothing
more. By whom should this Government be car-
ried on—by citizens either native-born or natural-
ized, or by foreigners? And how does an alien be-
come a citizen in this country ? Only under the
clause of the Constitution which I have cited and
the act of Congress passed in pursuance thereof.
And can the right to vote properly appertain to
another than a citizen? If foreigners can have and
enjoy the rights and privileges of citizens, the
highest one of which is to vote, why did our fore-
fathers " establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion ?" and why have so many aliens conformed
to it? The section under consideration says, any
free white man above the age of twenty-one years
(and such is the law in all the States) shall vote,
&c. So that we require a native-born person,
acquainted with our language, educated in our
schools, &c., to be twenty-one years of age be-
fore he is thought fit to exercise the high privilege
of an elector. Our forefathers wisely thought that
foreigners should take five years to become trained
in the ways of republicanism, acquainted with
our people, our laws, our complex machinery of
government, &c., and I concur in opinion with
them. This Government can only be maintained
by an intelligent exercise of the elective franchise.
Hence we have always heretofore confined the
right to vote to free while persons above the age
of twenty-one years who are native-born, and to
aliens who have been in the country five years,
and complied with the provisions of our naturali-
zation laws. Our views of constitutional liberty
differ very much from European notions of liberty.
It may be profitable, Mr. President, to examine
the action of Congress under the clause of the
Constitution requiring an " uniform rule of natu-
ralization." In 1789 the Government went into
operation under the present Constitution, and on
the 26th of March, 1790, the first naturalization
law was passed, requiring two years' residence,
one year in the State where the application is
made, oath to support the Constitution,&c. To-
ward the close of Washington's administration,
on the 29th of January, 1795, an act was passed
requiring five years' residence, three years' declar-
ation of intention, oath, and proof of good moral
character, &c. In 1797, the old Adams party
came into power, and on the 18th of June, 1798,
an act was passed requiring fourteen years' resi-
dence, five years in the State in which the appli-
cation is made, oath, and proof of good moral
character, &c. In 1801, the Jeffersonian Demo-
cratic party came into power, and on the 14th of
April, 1802, passed an act requiring five years'
residence, declaration of intention two years're-
nunciation of allegiance to any foreign Prince,
&c., oath to support the Constitution, proof of
good moral character, &c. This law has now
been in force for more than fifty years. It was
