THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1854.
"New Series....No. 136.
in which he had made great sacrifices in sustaining the
honor and reputation of his country, and deprived of a high
and honorable station, which he had dignified by ins official
conduct and deportment, withoUt a trial or even the sem-
blance of atrial; and it such a course can be sustained
or even excused in the functionary pursuing it. it must be
under the provisions of some positive law, or under a state
of circumstances, so imperative in their character, as to ad-
mit of no delay or resort to other and less objectionable
remedies.
The undersigned know of no law that justified it. The
constitutional provision which makes the President the
commander-in-chief of the army and navy, certainly did
not, otherwise the system of military tribunals which seems
to have been contemplated by that instrument, and which
has since been provided for by law, would be a nullity and
even mockery, as the President might, in the exercise ofwe
supposed power conferred m the constitutional piovision
making him commander-m-chief of theTtrmy and navy,
capriciously dismiss every officer from either or both
branches of the service at his mere will and pleasure. Such
power is larely supposed to exist in those countries where
the will o( the sovereign is the law of the land ; and it can
hardly be imagined, that the fiainersof our Constitution,
imbued as they must have been, in the midst of a levolutiori
for the suppression ot tyranny, with feelings sensibly awak-
ened to the rights of the citizen, would have been incor-
porated in the instrument they were preparing to guarantee
those rights; a provision which might be exercised for the
most tyrannical purposes. Such was not their intention,
as the undersigned believe. No fair construction of the
language would justify the inference that it was, and ihe
principles of the institutions for the establishment of which
they were ihen laying the foundation, and the history of the
times, lepel the imputation.
If, then, there is found no authority in the Constitution
for the exercise of the power which was brought into action
on i his occasion, the committee are at a loss to know from
whence u was derived. If there is any statute which con-
fers it, the undersigned have been unable to discover it; but
in their researches upon the subject, they have found a
statute, which expressly declares, that it shall not hereafter
" be lawful to deprive any officer m the military or naval
service of this Republic, tor any misconduct in office, of Ins
commission, unless by the sentence of a court martial."
This law was approved on the 4th of February, 1841, and
has never been repealed. It wa^ therefore in full force and
operation on the J9ih of July, 1843. when Captain Moore
was dw/iojioraM/dj&missed, and deprived of hUcomnn&sion
in the nav.tl service of this Republic, " by the order of the
President," without " sentence of a court maitial."
So direct and palpable a violation of the positive provis-
ions of a xfitute well known to the Executive at the time
he gave the order, cannot be justified. In the opinion of
the undesigned, it might be excused under very extraordi-
nary circumstances ; hut the circumstances that would ex-
cuse it must he of such a character as to admit of neither
delay, nor a resort to a different mode of punishing the re-
fractory officer. In thi> case, even if there existed in fact
any just cause for punishment, the committee can perceive
no reason why a positive law should have been violated and
set at naught by the Executive to accomplish the object.
There certainly existed no emergency which would have
rendeied delay either dangerous to tile country,orinjunous
lo the service. The navy, at the tune ihe order was given
to Captain Moore, and for ten days previous, was in the har-
bor of Galveston, and that officer might have been removed
from the actual command by suspension arid arrest, with as
little difficulty as was found in depriving him of it, by dis-
missal from the service. That course would have obviated
the neee«Hty of violating the law, and have accomplished
all the Executive should have desired, a« Congicould
have constituted a tribunal to investigate the mattei, and
to dismiss the officer, provided that his conduct, upon in-
vestigation, should appear to have deserved punishment to
that extent!
The undersigned, however, cannot discover in the papers
and documents submitted to them, the grievous offenses and
crime* imputed to Captain Moore in the letter from the
Secretary of War and Navy, conveying to him the order of
the President for his dishonorable discharge, and which are
the alleged eiounds upon which that order was predicated.
The«e imputed offen-es and crimes are:
1. That Capiain Moore had not accounted for large sums
of money received from the authorities of Yucatan and the
Government of Texas, in July, 1W2.
2 That he had disobeyed orders issued tolnm on the 29th
of October, on the 5th oi'Novcmber, and on the 16th of No-
vember, 1812. directing him to report with the vessels under
his command at Galveston.
3. Tn.it he had disobeyed orders issued on the 2d of De-
cember, IShO, and on the 2d of January, 1643, directing him
to repair to Washington and report jn person to the Depart-
ment of War and Marine.
4. That he had failed to obey a peremptory order issued
on the 2-2d of Januarv, 1813, " to turn over the command to
the senior officer in the naval servicc present, and report to
the Department of War and Marine, at this place, (Wash-
ington,) in person."
5. That he was guilty of treason in entering into a com-
pact with the authorities of Yucatan, without the sanction
or knowledge of this Government.
• 6. That lie was guilty of minder in causing to be exe-
cuted, on tbe 26th of April, 1843, certain mutineers, who
had been condemned by a court martial, alleged to have
been illeg.il'v assembled*, after he had received an onler is-
sued on the 21?t of March, 1843. suspending him from the
comm.itid of the navy, and duecting him to report to the
Department o! War and Maime in arrest. And
7. That he wans guilty of piracy m cruizing upon the high
seas with armed vessels, under the flag of this nation, while
under suspension and arrest.
With regard te the first charge, the undersigned have
found abundant evidence in the correspondence between
Captain Moore and the Department, showing that he had
expended more money for the use of th« wavy than he is
charged with having received; they therefore consider this
charge as wholly groundless, and one which does not in the
slightest degree excuse the order, in support of which it
wa> made
As to the second charge, it was necessary to refer to the
evidence to see how lar it is sustained by the facts.
Pot several months anterior to the order of the 29th of
October, 1&42, it seems from the correspondence between
the Department and Captain Moore, th.it u was the earnest
desire of the President that the navv should be prepared
for sea as early as practicable, to cruize along the coast of
Mexico; tolay under contribution the townsand commerce
of that country. '£his desire Captain Mooie appears to
have labored hard and assiduously to gratify, but from va-
rious difficulties and embarrassments growing out of the
refusal of the Government to furnish him with the money
appropriated by Congress to fit out and support the navy,
he had been unable to accomplish the object at the lime
that order was written, but still entertained hopes of being
able to do so at a future period. The order itself seems to
have been written under the anticipation that it inigut be
done; and, alter speaking of the subject in general terms!,
and expressing regrets at Hie detention of the vessels and
wishes respecimg their being on the gulf, it proceeds thus :
u If you cannot, with the means a' your qj mmand, per-
pare the squadron for sea.  ou will immediate!}, with all
! the vessels under your command, sail for the portof'Gal-
I vesion, and, on your arrival there, make a special report,"
j &.c. This order, then, was evidently a conditional one, to
be executed or not, upon the contingency of Captain Moore's
ability or inability, in bis opinion, of getting the vessels to
sea, with the means at his command, lor the cruise. In
reply to this communication, Captain Moore acknowledges
his inability to get to sea at that tune, either for the ci ui>e
or to return to Galveston, as he had not men enough to
move, the vessels from their anchorage, but stated that he
had received alette! ftom the Secretary of War and Ma-
rine of Yucatan, written a short tune before, horn the tenor
of which he had been expecting fund's from that quarter ; a
subsequent arnval, however, had matenally lessened Jus
hopes, as the enemy were represented to be upon them both
by sea and land—at the same tune he again expresses a
hope that the appropriations previously made by Congress
lor the^uavy would be available, in order that he imghtget
to sea."
In this answer, and in the conduct of Captain Moore on
that occasion, the undersigned discover no disobedience of
oidera on his part, nor do they perceive in either any man1
ifestation of an intention to disobey the orders of the De-
partment or the Executive, and such appear to have been
ihe opinions enteitained by the Government at the time,
as in none of the subsequent communications of the De-
partment to him, pieviou-. to the 2Ut March, 1843, alter tne
arrival of the commissioners in New Ot leans, was there
any censure or seeming rebuke tortus non-compliance with
ihe order.
The order of the 5th of November if merely a letter in-
closing a duplicate of the one of the 29th of October, wuh
this additional expression, showing that both were intended
to be conditional, and to be obeyed or not. according to the
prospect of getting to sea; after speaking of the condition
of the schooners San Bernard and San Antonio, the writer
adds : « If it is impo^ible to fit out the two remaining ves-
sels (or efficient service, thevhad much better be in Gal-
veston harbor than in a foreign port. With the hope, how-
howevei, that some kind fortune may have enabled you to
t accomplish jour purpose, \ have," &c.
I The orderof 16th November, is merely a reference to the
! two former letters ot November 5, and October 29, with
■ directions to carry out the mstiiK-tion.- previously given.
[ What these instructions weic, the undersigned have al-
1 ready shown; and a& these three letters contain all the mat-
i tcrs embraced in the second chaige, the eoiniiuttee have no
I hesitation in saying, that they do not, in their opinion, sus-
' tatn it.
i In reference to the third charge of disobedience of oi ders,
> in refusing to repair to Washington, and tepoit, in petson,
j to the Department of War and Mamie, the undersigned
would not have regarded the luncuonaiy making it as in-
tending to be setious, had unot been connected with other
| matters of such grave and serious import The orderof .
December 2,1842,'simply directs Captain Moore, when he |
i shall fiave arrived at Galveston, and prepired his returns, !
1 to proceed to litis place, -md report io the Pepaitment m i
person. Previous to wrifng this order, the Department j
1 had been informed that Captain Moore, from eaiw-s beyond ■
1 his control, could not then leturn with the \essels to Gal- j
I veston ; and that he was still making efforts to prepare tor j
; the contemplated cruise on the gulf—a compliance with it, '
1 therefore, depended upon the same contingencies as at- i
; taehed to the preceding orders from the Department, forthe !
1 return of the vessels to Galveston; and as a pioof that it :
{ was so regarded at the Department, when it was given, i
' there is no time specified in it tor a compliance with it, but |
; snnpiv directs the duties to be performed after Captain 1
! Moore shall have retuuied to Gahes-ton. In fact, it is not j
■ an order to return to Galveston with the vessels, at all, but ;
an order pre=ciibing the cour-e for him to pursue, after his |
arnval ar that port—which aruval, depended upon corinn- j
I gencus well known to the Department, ar the time it was I
; mven. The order of January 2. 1843, winch i< the only j
' other evidence relied upon to sustain the thin! change, like j
, all those which preceded it, dneots nothing positively. It
! speaks of all expectations, founded upon tha appropriation I
made%t the extra session of Congress, for naval purposes,
as being certain to end in disappointment, as it w«s subject
to sucl^ommeencies as to render it a dead letter upon the
staruu&ook ; and after expressing the regrets of tbe Presi-
dent, at the inadequacy of ihe appropriations to sustain the
navy, it directs thauCaptain Mooie will, if practicable, in
conformity wuh previous orders, report at Galveston.
The undersigned believe that they have already shown
that, by the previous orders, Captain Moore was only re-
quired to report at Galveston, m the event of his being
unable to get to sea, upon tbe cruise which had been pre-
viously ordered, and which, at no time, seems to have been
finally abandoned ; and also, m tlf§ event of his being able
to bring the vessels to Galveston, provided he should not be
able to get to sea, for the cruise. This order was, there-
fore, subject to all the contingencies which attached to the
ptecedmg orders, upon the same subject; and was to be
obeyed or not, as circumstances might diciate—having in
view those contingencies.
In reterence to the appropriations made for-naval pur-
poses, by the act of July 23, 1642, the non-apphedtion of
which seems to have caused ali the embarrassments under
which Captain Moore labored in getting the vessels to sea,
either for the contemplated cruise, or for their return to
Galveston, the undersigned can perceive no euch difficul-
ties or contingencies, as are spoken of by tbe Secretary of
War and Marine ; nor can they imagine why the act making
the appopriations should be regarded as a dead letter upon
the statute-books.
The first section of that act appropriates $*25,000 "for the
outfit and provisioning ol the navy now in the employ of
the Government," and that the amount " be paid out of the
first money in the treasury, or at the disposition of theExecu-
j tive." When it isborne in mind, that atthe time this appro-
priation was made, a was believed that the President bad
> already contracted for ihe loan ot $1,000,000; and that, at
j the same time, other extraordinary resouices were placed in
I hia bauds tor raising money, by the unlimited and unre-
1 striated sale of foui hundred thousand acres of the Cherokee
l lands, it seems, to the undeisigned, 'hat the Congress man-
, ifested an unusual degree ot solicitude to provide for the
prompt and certain payment and application of this appro-
priation; for they not only provided for it in the ordinary
way, by directing it to be paid out of the first money in the
treasury, but they went furthei, by directing, m addition,
that it should be paid out of the fir-*t money at the disposi-
tion of the Executive, evidently intending thereby, that if
the Executive should come into the possession of money,
either by loan or the sale of the Cherokee lands, before
there were means in the treasury to meet the appropriation,
that then the appropriation should be paid out of that money,
before any part of it was applied to any other purpose.
The s-cond section of the act appropriates $57,659 50 for
the pay then due the officers, seamen, and marines, and for
their pi ospecuve pay for the ensuing six months, and directs
that, should prizes be made, or contributions be levied, by
the navy, they should be applied to the payment of these
appropriations for the officers, seamen, and marines of the
navy. The third section provides " that no part of the sum
thus appropriated shall be paid over to any commander or
disbursing officer for his services or prize money until he
shdll have rendered to the proper department a full account
of all moneys before received and disbursed and provides,
further, " that the amount appropriated for back pay shall
be first ascertained to be due for services rendered m the
naval scrvice of the Government, according to the laws in
existence at the time of the bervice." These provisos
coicam ail the restrictions or contingencies which are founff^
in the act; and it will readily be perceived that neither of
them apply, in the slightest degree, to the appropriation of
$•25,U00 (or the outfit and provisioning the navy, as provided
for in the first scction of the act. The undersigned, there-
fore, believe thatthis appropriation was withheld in violation
of law, and that the withholding of it was the sole cause of
the difficulties which prevented the navy from proceeding
to sea on tbe contemplated cruise, and which afterwards
put it out of the power of the commanding officer to bring
the vessels to Galveston; and a  that officer was thus pre-
vented from obeying the instructions ot the Department by
it? own act<, ihev cannot perceive how he can be held ob-
noxious to the charge of " disobedience of orders," which
order it wa> impossible to obey.
The fourth chaige made against Captain Moore, as afford-
ing the ground-work for his dismissal from the service, is,
that he disobeyed a peremptory order, issued on the 22d
Januarv, 1843, requiring bun to " leave the ship Austin and
bri" Wharton under the command of tbe senior officerpres-
enf and repair to this place, (Washington,) and report to the
Department in person, as his presence was necessary at the
*eat of government before final action is taken upon a secret
act of Congress with regard to the navy." On the same
dav upon which this order was issued, (the 22d January,
184 5 1 another order was issued, directed to Commander
Lothrop, "or officer in command of the navy,"directing
him to report the condition of the vessels, &c., under his
command, u to William Uryan, Samuel M. Williams and
J imes Morgan, who have been commissioned by the Presi-
dent to carrv into effect a secret act of Congress with regard
to the navy," and to " act under, and be subject to, the
orders ot said com missions*s, or any two oj them, until
further orders are received from the Department." The
order directed to Captain Moore, byname, was not received
bv htm until after the arnval of the commissioners at New
O-lenns, who had been chaiged with uie duty of carrying
out the "3eciet act'Mn regard to the navy. They, there-
fore, found him. without any disobedience of that order, in
command of the navy, and, a^ such, they addressed a letter
to him, inclosing tlie second ordei of the. same date, direct-
in^him to report to them, with as little delay as practicable,
in°obedience to that order. Here, then, were Jwe ordeis of
136
