1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
is quite correct in his reference to the policy of
our fathers, as any guide for us at present. They
seem to have been utterly indifferent upon this
question. The ordinance for the government of
theNorthwest Territory, which was passed under
the old Confederation,allowed persons to vote who
had fifty acres of land, and were citizens of the
United States, or of either of the States, or other
persons not being either citizens of the United
Statesor of the States, who had resided two years,
without even this preliminary of having declared
an intention to become citizens of the United
States, or disclaimed allegiance to other Govern-
ments. An English subject,or a French subject,
in 1789 might have voted in all the country north-
west of the Ohio river, and they did actually vote.
The ordinance of 1787 was readopted by the first
Congress under the first Constitution in 1790, and
allowed persons who owned fifty acres of land,
and resided there for two years, to vote; but the
point as to the two years' residence does not at
all affect this question. The ordinance of 1787
■was extended over all the territory of the United
States, southwest as well as northwest of the
•Ohio, saving and excepting the sixth, or anti-
slavery clause. The same provision was subse-
quently extended to Indiana, and to some of the
Territories west. In 1836,1 believe, was the first
departure from that policy. Then was the first
time that there was any variation from the quali-
fications of voters as prescribed m the ordinance
of 1787—and that was in thecaseof Michigan. I
am not certain as to that being the first; but it is
the first territorial government where the change
was made that has attracted my attention. Then,
why prescribe, in one or two territorial bills, that
no one shall vote in the Territories but citizens ?
Subsequently, however, in passing a territorial
bill for Minnesota, the very provision now con-
tained in this bill was adopted. 1 say, therefore,
that the requisite of citizenship as a qualification
for voting, was not the practice of the Government
for the first thirty or forty years of its existence,
ami since that time the practice has been variable.
Now, sir, while I concur with the Senator from
Maryland, and with other Senators who have
expressed the same view, that it is best to confine
the right of voting in those Territories to citizens
of th'e United States, I cannot conceal the fact that
the House of Representatives differ with the Sen-
ate on this subject, and that there are great and
important fundamental principles in this bill which
will be endangered by this difference. Then,l
say, ihe true policy of the friends of these great
principles is to yield this point to the House of
Representatives, and save another, and higher,
ana greater principle. Let us not endanger a
more important principle by differing on this, in
regard to which the policy has been boih one way
ami the other, and where the weight of authority
and precedent is for allowing these people to
vote. Therefore, even if I concurred entirely with
the honorable Senator from Maryland, and the
other gentlemen who voted for the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware originally, those of
them especially from my own section of the
Union, I am perfectly willing to surrender the
amendment, rather than endanger this bill. I am
not willing to put the bill in hazard in regard to
a principle on which the House of Representatives
differ from us, and on which the practice of the
Government has been rather with them than with
us. i trust, therefore, the friends of the bill will
not endanger the other great principle involved
in it. No great harm can result from rejecting
this proposition even as a practical error. It in-
volves no constitutional question whatever. It
is merely a question of expediency. Now, I say
that the highest expediency is to not trammel the
great principlesm this bill with aside issue of this
sort.
Besides, Mr. President, the practice being varied,
being now different in different Territories of the
United States, if gentlemen suppose that it is wise
to make the rule uniform, and to confine the light
of voting to citizens, that is an appropriate subject
for legislation. Gentlemen can introduce that
subject by itself, and get the sense of Congress
upon it, and make a law in conformity with that
sentiment. For myself, I attach but very little im-
portance to it. The qualifications of those who
are to vote will, after the first election, be vested
in the territorial government, and very soon it will
be vested in the State governments to be there
formed, and then it will be beyond your reach.
The making of a man a citizen gives him no right
to vote; but when the Territory becomes a State,
it prescribes its own qualifications. Then this
being a mere matter of temporary expediency,
and the practice being rather against the Senate, I
should (eel it to be folly to endanger the other
principles of this bill by any dispute between the
two Houses upon such a proposition as this.
I trust, therefore, that even those gentlemen who
feel some solicitude for confining the right of vot-
ing to American citizens, and not extending it to
foreigners, will seek an occasion when they can
make a uniform and general law of the land upon
the subject. Being satisfied, as I am sure my
friend from Pennsylvania must be now, that this
has nothing to do with the naturalization law
of 1802, and in no respect involves any constitu-
tional question, I hope he and others will be will-
ing to yield. The friends of the bill have already
stated their own opinions in favor of or against
confining the right of suffrage to citizens, and
having stated their opinions to the country, and this
dispute having arisen with the House, I nope they
will not hazard the principle which both the House
and the Senate deem important to the peace and
welfare and establishment of right principles in
this country. I hope they will yield this point of
dispute which can, at any point, be taken up and
settled by itself, and leave the bill as it comes from
the House of Representatives. Besides, I attach
no very great importance to this matter at all.
You have invited these people to our shores by the
policy of your laws. They are here. Youought
to incorporate them, in feeling at least, and in
interest, under your flag, and in the national sen-
timent, as early and as soon as possible. This is
not the point to meet the evil of immigration. If
it be an evil, you should meet it at the threshold,
and notaimside blows at it after you havebrought
these people into the country. I am for Ameri-
canizing them, and giving them the full benefit of
all the laws of the country.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, I voted for
the amendment to the Senate bill proposed by the
Senator from Delaware; but I must say now that
I concur with the Senator from Georgia. I have
not, however, changed my opinions as to the pol-
icy of that amendment. I still entertain the opin-
ions which 1 entertained then, that none but
American citizens, native-born or naturalized,
should be entitled to the right of suffrage, or to
hold office either in the States or Territories of
this country. But, sir, there is a higher principle
than that involved in this measure. There is no
constitutional question in my opinion involved
either by voting for or against this amendment.
It is a mere question of policy; and that question
of policy I am willing to yield for the sake of a
higher principle contained m this bill. Sir, I
would vote for this bill, although there might be
not only one, but one thousand obnoxious prin-
ciples contained in it. I would vote for it, because
it blots out that infamous—yes, sir, 1 think it is
a proper term to be used—that infamous restric-
tion passed by the Congress of 1820, commonly
called the Missouri compromise, passed when the
State which 1 have now in part the honor to rep-
resent, asked admission into the Union of these
States, and it was made a condition, an infamous
condition, that slavery should be excluded from
all the territory acquired fiom France, then called
Louisiana, north of 36° 30' north latitude. Yes,
sir, if this hill contained one thousand obnoxious
principles, with the repeal of that infamous " com-
promise," as it is called, I should vote for it.
When this is done, we shall have achieved what,
after thirty years of struggle, has only been con-
summated at this session.
As 1 said before, I believe that, as a matter of
policy, none but American citizens, native-born
or naturalized, should be entitled to vote or to
hold office in this country; hut still I am willing
to yield this; and as a southern roan, as represent-
ing a State more deeply interested in the passage
of this bill, perhaps, than any other State in the
Union, I say that, practically, it will have no
effect upon the institutions of these Territories.
The foreign population are not the pioneers, they
are not the first to enter the Territories of the
United States. They are not the first to encounter
the perils, the toils, and the dangers of settling a
new Territory. They follow in the footsteps of
the pioneers) and inhabit the cities and the villages.
They are generally not the agricultural portion
of the community. The great mass of them are
traders, mechanics, paupers, and pedlars.
Mr. President, 1 have been denounced by tlje
abolition papers in my State, (and I regret to say
that we have some of that caste in the slavehold-
ing State of Missouri,) for voting for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Delaware;
and it has been charged upon me that I was the
author of that amendment, that I had used the.'
honorable, the venerable, the distinguished Sena-
tor from Delaware, as a tool to effect this purpose.
1 disavow anything of the kind. That Senator
and myself never consulted about it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Never.
Mr. ATCHISON. I knew nothing of hia
amendment until he proposed it. When he did
propose it I voted for it, believing it to be right
as a matter of policy. I still think so, and but
for the reasons which I have assigned I should
now vote for it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to confirm what has
been stated by my friend from Missouri. I have
seen the allegation to which he has referred, in
some of the public prints, charging him with
having prompted or instigated me to move the
amendment. In confirmation of what the honor-
able Senator has said, I only desire now to state
that I never had any communication with him in
reference to the subject before I moved the amend-
ment in the Senate, nor do I remember to have
spent a moment in conversation about it while it
was under consideration.
Mr. ATCHISON. Never one word.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President,! was gratified
to hear the remarks of the Senator from Georgia;
for there has evidently been a great deal of confu-
sion of ideas in regard to this subject; and I per-
ceive that the Senator from Pennsylvania has
fa'len into that error to a greater extent than any
gentleman I have ever heard discuss the subject
on the floor of the Senate. He set out by stating
that the provisions of the bill as they now stand,
coming from the House of Representatives, repeal
the naturalization law of 1802. Now, I wish to
ask the Senator to look at the distinction between
the naturalization laws of the country and the
rights of citizenship under the Constitution. He
will find, as the Senator from Georgia has said,
that an individual may be a citizen and yet be
precluded from the exercise of the right of suffrage.
This, in point of fact, is the case in many of the
States already. Other qualifications may be im-
posed upon a citizen of the United States, with
which the citizen in the State may not be able to
comply, and consequently he cannot exercise the
right of voting.
The exercise of the right of suffrage affects the
Government of the United States, under the Con-
stitution, in but three particulars. Now I should
be glad to have the Senator from Pennsylvania
point out to me, if he can, the provision of the
Constitution having any reference whatever to the
exercise of the right of suffrage which does not
refer the whole matter to the States. He cannot
point to the provision of the Constitution. Sir,
it is denied that the Congress of the United States
has the right to interfere with the subject of slavery
in the Territories; and why? Because they are
assimilated to the States. If the Territories are
to be viewed in the same light as the States, and
the right to regulate the matter of slavery was left
as expressly to the States as is the right to pre-
scribe the qualifications of those who are to vote,
there would be no doubt, in my mind, that Con-
gress could have no right to interfere in the sub-
ject. The first provision of the Constitution that
relates to the matter at all is this:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second yeai by tin; people of the
several States, and llie cleetora in each Wtatc shall Imve the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature."
When you refer to the Constitution of the
United States to ascertain the qualifications of an
elector, so far as the exercise of the right concerns
the Government of the United States, you find
that you are to look at the State constitution.
You are to consult the St®e constitution, and as-
certain what are the qualifications of electors for
the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature; and when you find that, you have ascer-
tained the qualifications of an elector for a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives. Then not
