594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
ters patent granted to him, and to George G.
Bishop, (also a citizen of the United States,) dated
the 20th of October, 1836, for a new and useful
Improvement in the machine for forming a web of
cloth of wool, hair, or other suitable substance,
without spinning or weaving, be renewed, revived,
and extended for the term of fourteen years.
The application is for the extension of two pat-
ents, having for their object the manufacture of
cloths from wool, hair, and similar materials,
without spinning or weaving. Specimens of .the
fabrics thus made show the rapid improvements
which have been made, and which render it highly
probable that, in the course of time, cloth may in
this way be made of equal durability and texture,
and at a cheaper cost of production; but the inven-
tion is new, and requires time and numerous ex-
periments to develop it perfectly. The first patent
was granted to John Arnold, of Norwalk, in the
State of Connecticut, on the 15th of July, 1829.
But the machine did not prove successful, until
certain improvements or additions were made, for
which a new patent was taken out on the 20th of
October, 1836, in the name of Arnold and John G.
Bishop. This patent was renewed by the Com-
missioner of Patents in 1850 for the term of seven
years; but the original patent of 1829 was never
renewed, except so far as its principles were in-
volved in the subsequent one of 1836.
It appears that, in the first attempt to apply the
principles of these patents to practicable pur-
poses, heavy losses were incurred; and that the
additional patent of 1836 could not be employed
in the production ofany merchantable commodity,
until after many experiments and an outlay of
large sums of money, for which the inventors al-
lege they have never been fully remunerated. In
consequence of these failures, they have been un-
able to vend the right to use their patent heretofore,
and the short period which it has now to run pre-
sents no sufficient inducement to purchase it.
Under these circumstances, the renewal of the pat-
ent was thought to be but an act of justice, with-
out being in any way prejudicial to the public.
Mr. BAYARD. I shail be necessarily com-
pelled to vote against this bill, not from any par-
ticular objection to the patent which is intended
to be renewed by it, but on principle. I think
that the Congress of the United States is a body
unfit and utterly incapacitated to decide these
questions of the renewal of patents. The Con-
stitution of the United States grants to Congress
the rights to pass laws for the purpose of "secur-
ing for limited times to authors and inventors the
exclusive right to their respective writings and
discoveries." That is the basis on which patent
laws ought to be passed. Those luws should be
general. You have passed general laws on the
subject, and have determined that your rule shail
be to grant a patent for fourteen years; and if, with-
in that period of time, the party cannot make, with-
out his own fault or neglect, a sufficient remuner-
ation for the benefit of the discovery to the public,
he is entitled, on application to judicial authority,
to have an examination into the facts. That ex-
amination is not an ex parte hearing such as you
have before a committee, but an examination,
after previous public notice, by an authority com-
petent to hear both the objections and the allega-
tions in favor of and against the party asking the
extension. After a fair judicial inquiry, from which
there is a right of appeal, if the inventor estab-
lishes the mam fact material to the extension of
this patent, that, without his fault or neglect the
discovery has been, from unavoidable causes, ren-
dered useless to him, though one of great benefit
to the public, his patent is to be extended for seven
years more.
Now, sir, if it be true that this period of time is
not sufficient to cover the cases of patents, you
should alter your general laws, reform them, re-
model them; and, if they are wrong, place them
right. I am willing to go as far as any man to
secure to inventors, as well as authors, the enjoy-
ment of the exclusive use of their inventions and
writings, to such an extent as will not trench upon
the counter rights of the public. J am willing: to
secure to them the full and ample benefit which they
ought to derive, by way of monopoly, for their in-
ventions. I do not object to the exclusive use; but
what the Constitution contemplates is, the exclu-
sive use for limited periods of time, because it
looked to this great principle, that thereason why
you give the exclusive use is, that the party has
conferred a benefit on the public by his discovery.
Then, after you grant the exclusive use for a pe-
riod of time, fourteen years, which you suppose
to be the average period in which benefit may be
derived by an inventor, you supply the further
period of seven years, for all excepted cases; and
for the purpose of ascertaining whether a partic-
ular case is an excepted one, you send the party
to a judicial tribunal, in order to establish his
right to the exception. When the general laws
are so ample, why should you introduce special
legislation? Why undertake to examine, by
means of committees here, on one-sided and ex
parte affidavits, into matters in which individual
interest stands arrayed on the one side, and the
unprotected public interest on the other ?
Sir, m political bodies, constituted as Congress
is, it is impossible, m ttie nature of things, that
either Congress itself, or the members of a com-
mittee, should go into these judicial inquiries with
the prospect of doing justice as between the public
and the inventor or discoverer. Your committees
meetat ten or eleveno'clock in the morning. They
sit for an hour or two hours. Is that sufficient time
to decide such important questions? Why, very
important and delicate questions may arise in ref-
erence to the rights of the public. It is necessary
to have a full and fair inquiry into the fact whether
the party is entitled to a renewal of his patent, and
it may be proper to ascertain whether that patent
interferes with previous discoveries of others. All
these matters should be inquired into. They would
be inquired into, after full notice under your laws,
if the question went before the proper tribunal ap-
pointed by those laws. Yet you supersede all that
by special legislation; you suffer a party to come
here without giving notice to adverse claimants;
and if no one happens to observe that such an ap-
plication has been made, it goes through Congress
unopposed, on the mere ex parte statements of the
applicant.
For my own part, I will never sanction a course
of legislation of that kind. 1 believe that special
legislation is the cuise and bane of this country.
Of course there are exceptions to all rules, but as
a general rule, I wish it to be understood that I
shall oppose all special legislation as to matters
which are clearly subjectsfor judicial inquiry. Mr.
President, what is the great principle which per-
vades not only the Federal Constitution, but the
constitution of every State in the Union ? It is a
great, leading, and most important principle, that
the exercise of legislative and judicial functions
shall be kept separate. There is not a State in the
Union whose constitution does not contain such a
provision. It exists in reference to the organization
of the powers of the Federal Constitution; and yet
you are trampling upon that principle when you
undertake here to examine into the particular case
of any individual patentee, with a view to the re-
newal of his patent.
I cannot sanction action of this kind. Without
making the slightest objection to this particular |
case, without going into any inquiry as to its '
merits, I must say that it seems to me, if the party
had a right to the renewal of his patent, he could
have gone, and should have gone, before the
proper tribunal for the purpose of obtaining that
renewal. If he failed to obtain that renewal, I am
not willing to revise, by act of Congress, the judi-
cial action of a tribunal appointed for purposes of
judicial inquiry. If from any chcumstances, for
l which we cannot account—and it must almost
i invariably be his own neglect—the party has
choscn to place himself in a position in which he
cannot avail himself of the judicial application,
it is his fault, and the public have their rights as
against hnn.
1 had intended, Mr. President, to cite some au-
thorities which would probably have their influ-
ence upon the Senate upon the question of the
extension of patents; but 1 was not aware that the
question would come up to-day, and therefore I
cannot go further into the subject. I shall, how-
ever, take occasion hereafter to show more dis-
tinctively and clearly to what extreme abuses the
system of legislation which involves the con-
sideration by a committee of the applications of
particular patentees must give rise. I intend to
attempt to show that it is a clear violation of the
principles of the Federal Constitution, because it
is an assumption by the legislative branch of the
Government of duties which belong clearly and
unquestionably to the judicial department, I
In saying this, sir, I do not mean to say that
the patent laws do not require revision. I think
they do. I have entertained that opinion for some
time. I think there are some remedies which
patentees have not now to which they ought to be
entitled. I will mention one. I think a patentee
ought to have arightto havea fiaal decision at once
by some sort of proceeding in rem wherever his
rights are infringed by any individual whatever,
in proceeding against that individual by a bill in
equity, or byany other proceeding which you may
devise. He might be allowed to give notice in all
the great cities of the Union, for a sufficient period
of time, so that all other persons who chose to do
so should come in and be made parties defendant
for the purpose of objecting to that patent; but if
none did so on the final hearing of that cause,
there should be an authority on the part of the
court to establish the validity of the patent as
against the world. This would leave the inventor,
as the result of his single suit, entitled in all future
cases of infringement to do nothing but prove the
damage which he incurred from the infringement.
But the evil, and the great evil, under which every
patentee labors now, that the proceedings of one
suit res inter afyos acta in every other suit except
as between parties and privies; and he is obliged
to fight his whole battle over again in every new
suit, and men may thus be exhausted in the strug-
gle, and their earnings from their inventions re-
duced to nothing from continued litigation.
I should, therefore, be willing to facilitate the
rights of inventors by general laws, so far as 1 could.
Nay, sir, 1 go further. I believe that the purposes
of justice, the benefit to the inventor and to the
public, would be greatly increased if you would
prescribe a longer period of time for the original
duration of the patent; that is to say, twenty-one
years, and never permit a renewal in any case.
The only basis of renewal must be that there are
very extraordinary circumstances which justify it.
The great principle in all patent laws ought to be
that you grant to the patentee exclusive rights to
the profits to be made from his discovery, for a
limited period of time, within which, as applied
to any discovery, a man of moderate, ordinary
business capacity, with a careful use of the right
which is given to him, would be able to obtain all
the advantages to himself which consists with the
correlevant benefit of the public. That should be
the principle of all patent laws. If you were to
abandon the whole system of allowing even an
extension of patents founded on a judicial inquiry,
and to extend the original period of time to the
utmost extent to which it may now be extended
by judicial inquiry, I think it would be better for
the public, ana better for the individual patentee,
than the provisions of the law as they now stand.
I am aware, Mr. President, that these remarks
are somewhat irrelevant to the particular case be-
fore the Senate; but the bill connects itself with
my general views of the whole system. The policy
of legislation should be to shut the door against
litigation, as far as it can. The policy of legisla-
tion, in order to prevent corruption, should be
never to assume judicial powers in reference to an
inquiry as to the facts of a particular case, where
you have the rights of the public on the one hand,
and the claims of individual inventors on the other.
I am sorry that I did not know this question was
to arise, or I should have endeavored to give my
views in a clearer foim, and to sustain them by a
reference to the opinions of some of the older and
abler statesmen of the country, on the workings
of the Government from its earliest origin. For
the reasons which 1 have assigned, I shall be com-
pelled to vote against this, or any other bill author-
izing, or purporting to authorize, the action of
Congress for special purposes, founded on a legis-
lative inquiry into a matter which can alone be
ascertained by judicial investigation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am not disposed to go into an argument in
reference to the Senator's notions of general legis-
lation; nor am I disposed now to examine the ques-
tion whether this is a matter of judicial inquiry
which ought never to have been brought here. All
I desire to say is, that being a member of the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, and having
examined the specimens of felt cloth presented by
this man, in the various stages of improvement
as to its texture and durability, I am satisfied that
his patent should be extended, and that the bill
ought to pass. I believe that, afte* hearing the
