1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
Committee Room, December 29, 1847.
To the honorablethc Speaker of the Houseof Represent atives;
The select committee to whom was referred the " Report
of the Comptroller of Public Account?, with Hie accompany-
ing documents, exhibiting his action uml<>r a joint resolu-
tion of the last Legislature," by which he was requiied " to
setiie the accounts of E W. Moore, Post Captain Command-
ing the late Navy of"lYxa>j" have given to thesfcbjeet rheir
mn?t mature consideration, and now beg Ipave to report to
the Bouse rhe result of their deliberation?.
The account current mailo out hy the auditor of the late
Republic of Texas on the 27th of April, 18-14, and which is
contained among the papers submittal to us show* that
Commodore Moore is charged at that tune by the auditor
with the -urn of $72.726 74. ol which the sum of $18,81-3 74
i*. charged in exchequer bills, and the balance in par funds
He is cri-diteiJ by $21,801 38, leaving a h,dance against him
of $50,875, 3ti wh ch will appear by reference to document
A. accompanying this report.
The comptroller in stating the accounts of Commodore
Moore, has arranged his claims against the Government into
five classes. The first class, amounting to $35,135 65, in-
cludes various kinds of cash disbursements for the u=e of
the navy.
The second class, amounting to $-8,138 50, embraces ca?{£
disbursements made in the enlistment of men, and bounty
paid them upon entering the service.
The third class, amounting to $2,106 74. embraces ex-
penditures for the ine of the navy which were liquidated
at the tune thev were incurred, by the individual obligations
of Commodore Moore, with the hypothecation of exchequer
foilis at fifty cents on the dollar.
The fourth class is composed of items of disbursements
for the use of the navv, of which .$7,209 .3:5 were liquidated
by the individual obligations of Commodore Moore, and
$1,183 30 were paid in cash.
The fifth claa? amounts to ,$1,225 20, and includes ex-
penses incurred lor the u*e of the navy, which were wholly
liquidated by the individual obligations of Commodore
Moore
An abstract of the foregoing is among the papers suh-
mitied, and is made a part of thn report, a« document X.
The, comptioiler inuor^es all the voucher- for chum* ot |
the first c'a-s as " equitable and just," except the two Ja-t, j
numbered 143. for $"500; and 114 lor $355, winch he sun- J
mits •'< as informal vouchers to be acted upon by the Legis-
iature." Your committee concur in the opinion expn-ssed j
bv the comptroller, that the vouchers of this cla«s are erpn- i
table and ju^t, and they perceive no dtffeieitce br tween the I
chaiacter of the last two vouchers and that of the preeed- |
irig ones, and believe that therecan be no good reason why j
thev should not dp allowed. i
The disbursements comprised in the second class are not I
indoi^ed by the comptroller, for the reason '<th.it thev are i
not of the kind authorized hy the regulaiioris of the service, '
though rendered necessary by the emergency of the times
under which thev were incurred." A bare refeience to the
nature of tbe^e disbursements will suffice to explain the
nec *«9itv which prompted the expenditure. The navy was
comparatively without men, arid ordered upon an expedition
agam-t the enemy; the regulauons of the naval service of j
the United ta'«s (winch we view as a fair eritenon in the i
absence of anv positive law of our own) allows bounty to j
seamen who enlist, and autho'rizes the employment of pel- ,
sons for the purp <&e of pmcuung leeruits. Of tins <harac-
ter \re ail the disbursement® of the second class. It is to .
be recollected that these disbursements were made in the i
United Staf s, then a foreign country, and was a violation '
of the neutrality law of that Government; all parties en- [
sag'd in the transaction rendered themselves amenable to |
highly perial laws. Under these circumstances it is notun- |
reasonable to suppose that the cost of enlisting m<ni would i
have been higher than m ordinary ca«es. This, however, \
we do not find to be the case; on the contrary, the com- |
mittee are convinced that the cost incurred is less than that :
which usually attends the enlistment ot men under the 1
moM favorable circumstances. I
The third class is composed of five item* of disburse- j
ments made m rhe purchase of provisions- and other naval ■
supplies. The first {on* item«. were liquidated b> tiie indi- i
vidual obligations of Commodore Moore, with a pledge of J
double the amount in exchequer htlls; the hypothecation [
was forfeited, «nd the holders took the < \chequer bills at '
fiftv cents on the dollar. The last item was paid pattlv in ,
par funds and partly in exchequers. These weie all ea*h i
expenditures, and no obligation can exist to the disburse- :
meats included in this class.
In the fourth class are included disbursements made for |
the purchase of naval supplies. No doubt e\!-ts as ro the i
correctness of the accounts ; the only difficulty au«rs from '
the fact that a portion of the account was liquidat  d hv the j
obligations of Commodore Moore, and the remainder pud I
in cash. 1
Jn the fifth cla-s are included dishuisernents made for the I
purchase of naval supplies, and repans of the sloop-of-war ■
Austin ; in satisfaction of which Conunodoie Mooiegave i
his individual obligation*.• No dis'-urscments of money 1
wre made fo/ any item included in this class. ,
The auditor has charged in hl= account current the ex- !
chequer hills against Commodore Moore as par fund* ; this ;
the committee do not conceive to he jusr. S in-iac?.>ry :
ev,deuce is before u= to show the rate at which these bills |
parsed, from which it appeals that for the amount of'
$18,^12, he received actually .$6,377 78, .i fraction over ;
thirty-three and a third cents on the dollar, and a higher !
rate "than the market value at the time they were expended.
We are theiefore ot opinion that the most equitable ar- ,
rangemenf would be to require the actual proc eds nnh. of I
the depreciated currency to be accounted for; winch makes
a deduction of,$12,434 22, to be placed to the credit ol Com- ;
modore Moore. ;
In addition to the accounts stated upon theabstracf of the ^
comptroller, the committee believe that there are other ,
credits mstiv due Commodore Moore. •
The comptioiler ha* deducted Horn the eredits allowed,
the sum of .$777 -22, the items of winch wilt be -een by
reference to"e\lniat marked B, accompanvtng this reDoi t: .
these deductions are made on the grouud that no strictly 1
, legal vouchers exited for this portion of the disbursements.
I The evidence before us shows sufficiently that this amount
was actually expended for the u«e of the navv. over and
above what is allowed by the comptroller. The greater
part is for medicines and clothing proper for the service ;
and the want of strictly formal vouchers ought not, tn our
opinion, to preclude a recognition of the claim.
Another poiuon of the accounts of Commodore Moore are
not allowed by the compfrol'er, on the ground that the dis-
bursements were made through third persons, acting for
him. We are convinced tint all the expenditures ot this
character, amounting to $1,488 57^, were incurred for the
use of the navy, and paid for by Commodore Moore; and
as they were actually received on hoard the different ves-
sels, we can perceive no objection to allowing the account.
An abstract of the various items included in this amount
will be &<>en by reference to exhibit marked C.
Another account marked D, exhibits a statement of va-
rious cash disbursements tor the use of the navy, for which
no formal vouchers are shown, but which have every ap-
pearance of being equitable arid just. Tins account is for
$1,059 52, and all the items contained m it are for naval
supplies and bounty to seamen ; except one item of fifty
dollais foi cash advanced Thomas S. Lubbock while en-
gaged m the service of the Government. The committee
are of opinion that this item, although for money expended
for the u«c of Government, ought not to be a'lowed, inas-
much as the disbursement was not strictly for the use of
the navy. The last two accounts amount to.$2,498 0'J$.
It is to be ob-erved, so far as relates to the greater part of
the disbursements made by Commodore Moore, that the
informality of the vouchers arisp* from the fact that he was,
after the passage of the act of Congress of 18th January^
A. D. 1841, naval stoiekeeper and navy agent, as well as
commander of the entire fie< t; had the two foimer offices
been held byseparateindividuals,itwould have been proper
that requisitions should be made by the commanding officer
for what* ver supplies were needed for the service. But as
he held all three of the offices, this formality might well be
dispensed with; for it would be unncce>sary for an officer to
make requisitions up' n himself. As tins is the only for-
mality wanting in a large majority of the vouchers, it is a
mere technical quibble to reject a voucher for a defect so
trifling and unimportant.
Your committee are satiffied that it was the intention of
the Legislature, in passing the joint resolution under winch
the comptroller acted, that the accounts ot Commodore
Moore should be settled upon an equitable basts, and they
have been govern* d by tins construction of the re olu'iou.
There is no voucher approved by us which has not upon the
face of it, evidence of intrinsic correctness. Taking into
view the circumstances of the tunes, and the embarrass-
ments which surrounded tire naval service, it is to be won-
dered that even informal vouchers should have l>e_en pre-
served. YVediscover by reference to the former settlement
made by the auditor, that many accounts are passed of the
samechaiacter of those embraced in the pieaentsettlement,
ami upon voucheis equally informal.
So far as regards that class of accounts, amounting to
.$14,011 8G, liquidated hy the individual notes of Commodore
Mooie, an abstract of which accompanies tins report,
marked E, the committee are of opinion that they should
not be estimated in seithng the accounts of that officer with
the Government; and 'hey are of the same opinion in ic-
gatd to the other class of accounts, for .$1,190 20, (the items
of which will he seen by reference to exhibit T,) winch are
unliquidated by any obligation of Commodore Aioote, but
like the last mentioned wert* puichased by him for the u?e
of the navy, and upon a credit. The vouchers for both
these classes are with the papers submitted to u«, and be-
long to the archives of the auditorial department. These
shouhi be made the subject of a separat* adjustment.
A recapitulation of the accounts of Commodore Moore
s-hows the following result-
Balance due by Commodore Moore, as per account of Charles
Mason,auditor $50,875 36
B> cash drsim senients for the use of the navy
—first class .$35,135 65
Cash disbuisemenis for enlisting
men, bounty, See.—second class, 8,138 50
Cash disbursement? for the use of
the navy—third class  2,106 74
Cash disbursements for the use of
the navy—fourth class  1,183 30
Deduction? made by comptroller
for want of strict vouchers, see
exhibit B  777 22
Disbursements not allowed hy
comptroller for want "f formal
vouchers, see exhibits C and D.. 2,-IPS 09£
Overcharge in Exchequer bills..., 12,431 22
Balance .$02,273 72f .$11,398 3u±
It will be perceived that a balance is left m favor of Com-
modore Moore of ,$11,398 3f.i, which amount includes only
the actuai cash expenditures made m furnishing supplies f.n
the navv, paving foi repairs, and procuring enlistments m
the naval service. In addition to this, Commodore Moore
holds the purser's certificate tor Ins pay from the time oj
entering the service up to the 25th of Jul\, JS43 The sum
of *3tJ0 was drawn by him in June, 1840, and the balance
in his favor up to the 2ith July, 1843, is ,$11,725 54. It fur-
ther appears fiotn the c-tatement ot the comptroller that
Commodoie Moore has received no par tor his paj under
the act of Congress passed 5th February. 1844, by which the
sum of <16,d00 was appropuated, to be paid prorata to the
otLcer  of the navy, which will appear bv reference to a
cerimcare from the Comptroller accompanying tins report,
marked W.
At the time when the disbursements above stated were
mad;-, the act of C mgres? passfd Juh 23. IP 12, was m force.
That a.'t •' appiopuated $15,000 for the outfit of tiie steam-
sh'pZa\ali; ,$i">.000 tor the outfit and pro* isionmg of the
navv, then in the service of the Government; .$2s23Lior
the pay line tne officers, s*amen, and marines oi the navy
on the 1st of July, 1842; and $29,428 50 for six months'pay
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the navy, for six
months from and after the 1st of July, 1842, which amount
by the act was required to be paid out of the first money ia
the Treasury." No part of this was drawn, except $7,487 78,
by the Secretary of tVar and Marine, in December, 1843,
from the appropriation for repairing the Zavala.
Commodore Moore, m view of these appropriations, and
the assurance held out by the action of Congress that the
navy would be kept in active service, incurred the expenses
necessary to sustain and support that arm of the national
defeiise, and fit it lor active operations against the enemy.
It i« believed that the sums expended for these purposes
were reasonable, and that the navy was fitted for its intended
expedition upon the most reasonable terms.
In order to facilitate the outfit of the navy, and enable it
to render the service which the country anxiuus-ly looked
for, Commodore Mooie, as the commanding officer, pledged
his own credit, after expending ihe means in his hands be-
longing lo the Government, and drawing largely upon his
own privaie resources. Taking into view theappiopriation
above alluded to, and the general expectation of theeountry,
which confidently anticipated a glorious lesult to the con-
templated expedition, it could not be deemed unwise or im-
proper that the officer upon whom rested the whole weight
of responsibility should exceed the actual amount of Gov-
ernment funds' in his hands, when the means used were
directed to the achievement of the great object which every
patriot desired—the chasnsementof an insolent foe. Mex-
ico mid already declared our ports in a state of blockade,
and menaced our coast with an invasion which we were
incapable of repelling, unless by keeping the navy in ser-
vice.
The honor of the country was vindicated by our small
but gallant fleet when an opportunity offered of meeting the
enemy.
Far from censuring as extravagant the conduct of the
commander in supplying the navy with all the necessary
means of bringing to an honorable conclusion the context he
was about eniMKingm,youreommutee are more disposed to
applaud bis efforts and admire the zeal manifested by that
officer, directed, as it was, to the promotion of hiscountry's
glory. If is tiie pride of a generous country to bestow mer-
ited praise upon the p itriotic exertions of lis citizens.
Your committee having placed in possession of the House,
so far as they are capable, the fact? connected with the sub-
ject referred to them, arid made such suggestions as they Con-
ceived to be pioper, a^k time to prepare and offer resolutions
appiopriate to the vanous matters which they iKive had
under consideration.
All ot which thev re<-pectfullv submit.
M. M. POTTER, 1
EMERY RAINS, *
M. T. RODGER*?, I Committee.
JAMES WfLLIEJ] j
JOflN D. ANDEKssONJ
Committee Room, January 4, 1848.
To the honorable the Speaker oj the Hovse of Representatives;
The majority of the special committee to whom was re-
ferred tiie report of the Comptroller n lative to ibe claims of
E W. Mooie, Post Captain commanding the late navy of
Texas, having fuither deliberated upon the matters referred
to them, and upon which thev reported on a former day, beg
leave again to report, and offer the accompanying resolu-
tions, which the) recommend to the favorable consideration
of the House of R< pre&eniativ. s. The resolu ions only
place the accounts upon the same fooungas if they had been
audited by the proper accounting officers of the late Repub-
lic ot Texas.
M. M. POTTER,
EMERY RAINS,
M T. RODGERS,
JAMES WILLIE.
Note.—JOHN D. ANDERSON, the other member of the
committee, had left the seat of government on sick leave.
Jomt resolution fo provide for the settlem^ht of the claims
of E. W. Moore, Post Captain commanding the late navy
ot Ttxas. on account of cash advances made for the use
of sard navy.
Whereas, it appears upon a settlement of the claims of
E. W. Moore, Post Captain commanding the late Texas
navy, that there is a balance due said E. W. Moore, of
$U*39ti 30'.. fr >m the late Republic of Texas, on account
ot cash advances made by him fur the use ot the navy
thereof.
Sxc. I Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of
Teras, That the said accounts and vouch* r* of said E. VV.
M« ore, tog' tin r with the report of the comptroller thereon,
b" deposited m the comptroller's o/hce; and that the claim
ot s.ud Moore lor said sum of $11,398 36J- shall be a« valid
and shall have the same force and effect as if the same had
been audited and settled by the proper accounting officer
of ;he late Republic of Texas-.
Kkc.2. Be it further re wived, That this joint resolution
take effict from' and atter its passage.
Joint resolution for the relief of persons vvhofumished sup-
pin s nn the credit of Post Captain E W. Moore for the
use of the navy of tne late Republic of Texas, while com-
manded by said Post Captain E. W. Moore.
Wherea«, it pppeais that various supplies were furnished
bv different mrimdiials for the use of the navy of the late
1 Republic of Texas on the credit of Post Captain E. W.
Moore, amounting to ,$15,202 06. the accounts and vouchers
tor which are on file amor,g the archives of the auditorial
department; therefore,
Sec. 1. Be it resolved by the Legislature of the Stately
Texas, That said accounts and vouchers, together with the
report of the Comptroller in relation to ihe same, shall be
deposited in theotiiee of the Comptroilet of public accounts,
and when so deposited shall be as valid and have the same
force and effect in favor of each claimant who turnished
said supplies, as it the same had been audited and settled by
the proper aceounu.igotiicersot the late Republic of Texas;
provided that said amount sh.dl not exceed the sum of
§15,302 00 as above specified ; and further provided, that said
