1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
evidence, the committee were unanimously in
favor of the bill. If anybody dissented, I do not
recollect who it was. We all agreed that the in-
dividual ought to have that description of relief
which has been granted for years and years past
to all inventors who have not been able within the
time limited by law to procure a suitable reward
for their inventions.
"Whether fourteen or twenty-one years is a suffi-
cient time for a duration of a patent, or whether
any other number of years should be adhered to,
as an inflexible rule, is a matter which I do not
intend now to pass upon, fn regard to the merits
of this case, however, and of the propriety of the
passage of the bill as reported, I think there can
be no difficulty. The report which has been made
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,]
very clearly sets forth the facts of the case.
All I have to say in reply to the Senator from
Delaware is, that I do not think it fair to pick out
this individual and say, "we will now pass no
special act, whatever is the merit of his claim; he
must submit to the rules of general legislation
which have not been applied to all other individu-
als." There have been almost innumerable acts
of this nature passed by every Congress for years
gone by. I do not think, then, that it is right to
rein up this gentleman, and put to him a hard, iron
rule in reference to special acts and special legisla-
tion, and apply to him a general principle which
clips him off, when every day we are acting differ-
ently m regard to other individuals; and I think
the fact that the committee were unanimous m
reference to the merits of the bill, and the propri-
ety of the measure itself, should be sufficient. In
reference to the general principles suggested by the
Senator from Delaware, 1 will not now discuss
them. Upon a general bill they ought to be dis-
cussed, and pernaps I might then have something
to say about them.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there are two
general principles for which I contended. I did
not state the alterations in the patent laws, which
I supposed would attain the purposes of justice,
as an objection to this bill; but I did say, and I
adhere to it, that the principle which lies at the
foundation of your institutions is violated by the
passage of such a bill as this; because by it you
are trampling upon the exercise of judicial power,
and substituting, contrary to the intent of the Con-
stitution, a legislative inquiry into special facts;
and whenever that arises I shall oppose it.
Now, the honorable Senator from Kentucky
asks why I should select this particular bill when
other cases have heretofore been allowed to pass?
I am not aware how many cases have been passed
heretofore. I have not seen any debate in which
the question has been decided by Congress,
whether or not this was an appropriate exercise
of legislative power. These abuses creep in, step
by step, one after another, until they are arrested.
But if you are not to commence at some time,
when the very next bill comes up, the same objec-
tion will apply. It will be said: Why should you
commence now? But how are you ever to alter
the principle unless you commence in some case ?
If we yield now, when every other case of special
application for renewal of patents comes up, it will
be said, Why Congress have done this for other
patentees heretofore, and why not for this ? You
do not prevent that by general law. You prevent
it by determining to abandon, if it has existed, a
practice which is irregular in itself—a practice in
the face of the intent of your own Constitution.
That is my objection to the bill. 1 do not ob-
ject to the merits of fhe particular case. I do not
doubt, as the Senator from Kentucky says, thecom-
mittee were unanimous; but might I not ask the
committee, " gentlemen, did you give public notice
to the world that you were about to investigate
the allegations in the petition of these claimants?
Did you give any reasonable notice to the public
that, at that hearing, any man might come forward
and oppose it*?" May not individuals say to us,
" we have heard of no such notice; we have seen
none?" Who, then, is the defendant—because it
comes to that—on this application ? The great
public-of the United States are on the one side,
and the petitioner, on his statement of the facts,
on the other. And what is the evidence? The
evidence is ex parte. There can be no cross-ex-
amination. There are no parties in interest ac-
quainted with the subject-matter, to enter into the
inquiry. No counter-witnesses can be examined.
There is an individual interest to bring them here;
and no notice has been given. Is this the mode
in which a judicial inquiry, for the purpose of es-
tablishing an exclusive right of property for a
period of seven or fourteen years, is to be passed
upon by the Congress of the United States, when
it refers, on one side, to the great interests of the
public, and on the other, merely to the individual
interests of the particular patentee? Sir, I cannot
reconcile to my mind that this is an appropriate
course of legislation. I cannot reconcile to my
mind that it does not violate every principle of
justice, and every principle of propriety; and
therefore it is, be this the first or the last case,
that I must object to it. I must object to it, be-
cause it represents the system of special legisla-
tion for the extension of a patent, which, I am
satisfied, no matter how plausible a case may be
made on an ex parte statement, can never do jus-
tice as between the party and the public.
Mr. President, I have, I admit, great want of
confidence in ex parte statements. My life has
been passed, with the exception of the two last
years, entirely in forensic exertion, and I have,
therefore, had some opportunity of studying the
nature and character of human testimony and its
biases, i have seen something, too, of the modes
in which truth is to be elicited. I presume no
one in this body pretends that if you want to get
at the truth of particular facts, the mode in which
an intelligent man would desire to do it would be
to take the statement of a party alone, or to take
that statement, supported by his own affidavits or
the affidavits of those whom he chose to procure,
when there was no one having a counter interest,
either to bring counter testimony or to present the
other view ot the case; yet every man knows that
a simple statement, and it may be a fair one, if
made one-sided, may cover up,obscure, and leave
out of view a great many material facts, which, if
known, might change the whole view of it, and
would establish the case on the other side.
For these reasons, I do not consider that my
objection has been answered to my satisfaction,
and I shall be compelled to vote against this U&
As I desire to know the sense of the Senate, I sKail
ask for the yeas and nays on the question of or-
dering it to be engrossed for a third reading; and
I wish to know whether this system of legislation,
which is said to exist, on judicial subjects, is to
continue or not?
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, there is great
force in what the Senator from Delaware says in
regard to the abuses which may be made, and
which 1 suppose it is possible have sometimes
been made, of the power exercised by Congress
for the extension of patents. I wish that it were
not true-, but it seems to me, we must take this as
a practical question, and dispose of it in a prac-
tical way. Now, sir, the Constitution of the
United States empowers Congress to advance the
cause of science, philosophy, and learning, by ex-
tending to authors for a limited period the benefit
of their inventions, discoveries, and writings.
Congress has adopted a uniform system for that
purpose; and in regard to inventions, has estab-
lished a Patent Office, with a code of jurisprudence
on the subject, by which it is intended and ex-
pected that, m the administration of that depart-
ment, each inventor will, by obtaining a patent,
secure the exclusive enjoyment of the property of
his own invention for the term of fourteen years.
If that system is perfect, so that the inventor
does secure the enjoyment of the property for
fourteen years, then it is altogether wrong for an
inventor", having so obtained a patent, to come
back to Congress for an extension of it, and
equally wrong for Congress to entertain the ques-
tion. But we have had experience upon that
subject which has convinced us, and convinced
the whole country, that that system does some-
times fail to secure to an inventor the property to
which he is entitled by virtue of the Constitution.
More than that, I think we are all satisfied that it
fails very often. I do not know whether it would
be safe to say that it fails in half or in a third of
the cases, but I do know this, that a patent for
an invention which is worthless is never assailed;
whereas a patent for an invention which is good
and valuable almost never escapes being assailed
in the courts. The infringeis constitute a large
number of persons who can combine, and do often
combine against the single person who is the in-
ventor.
Now, sir, my mind runs through at once a cat-
alogue of the most useful inventions which thi?
country or the world has witnessed for the last
half century, for which the patentee has received
no adequate reward during the term of fourteen
years secured to him by the patent, for the reason
that the present patent law has been inadequate
for that purpose. Take all the greatest inventions,
those which stand out in the history of the coun-
try, and are identified with its progress, and I
might say that there is scarcely one of them
which effected the purpose of the letters patent
within the term of fourteen years originally lim-
ited. I remember the patent of Jethro Wood, for
the cast-iron plow, one of the greatest and most
useful inventions of this age. ft was extended to
twenty-eight years, but Jethro Wood never,
during all that time, even received an adequate re-
ward. Without mentioning others, which might
be invidious, this is the actual state of the case..
Now then because we have not been able either
in this country or in Europe, owing to the intrinsic
difficulties of the c&se, to establish a perfect and suc-
cessful system of jurisprudence in regard to patents,
meritorious inventors havecome to Congress from
an early period and have submitted their claims to
Congress, and they have been investigated and
meritorious patents have been extended fora period
of seven or fourteen years. So general has been
the acknowledgmentofthesoundnessof thatprin-
ciple that Congress has heretofore amended the
patent laws so as to provide for a system of reten-
tion at the Patent Office for a period of seven years.
Well now if the system, as thus amended, ex-
tending the patent seven years after the expiration
of the original fourteen, always avoided, or, in a
great majority of cases, avoided injustice, then it
might be safe to reject a special application to Con-
gress for the further extension of seven years,
making the whole period twenty-eight years, be-
cause, being an individual case, it might be laid
aside and overruled for the consideration that jus-
tice was effectually secured as far as possible by
the general system; but our experience again shows
us that this system of extension for the period of
seven years beyond the original fourteen, has some-
times failed, and that it fails oftenest in those most
meritorious cases where it is most importantto the
inventor, and most important to the cause of science
and philosophy that the patent should be sufficient
to cover a reward.
I regret as much as any one these defects in tl>e
patent law. I agree, in regard to that matter, with
the honorable Senator from Delaware, with whom
I am most happy to agree very often, especially
upon questions of a judicial character; and if ever
I differ from him, it is with profound deference to
his opinions and judgment; but we must take
the fact as it is. Our patent law is inadequate.
There are cases of oppression which are the
result of the patent law. We have a habit, a
custom, of correcting occasionally instances of
injustice by legislation here, where the regular
administration of the law at the Patent Office
has been insufficient. I am willing to go with the
honorable Senator from Delaware, and { will go
with him, in endeavoring to revise the patent law,
so as to render it entirely unnecessary hereafter
for inventors to come back to Congress after having
exhausted the remedies given at the Patent Office;
but until that can be done, how can we, with jus-
tice, select an individual case, and reject that,
when that individual case is manifestly meritori-
ous, and leave the system of special legislation to
stand for the benefit of other cases which may be
no more meritorious?
That is precisely this case. We have hereto-
fore granted extensions to patentees, because of the
defects in the administration of the Patent Office—
defects arising from our present patent laws. We
have established this practice. This application
comes legitimately before us under it. ^ No one
raises a voice—no one whispers that this is not a
useful and meritorious invention, or that the pat-
entee was not the original and first inventor; and
no one raises an issue with the committee upon
the fact that he has not received that reward
which the Constitution of his country declares
shall be his for having made and perfected such
an invention.
I hope, therefore, that, while we shall all be-
lieve, and while the strong argument of the Sena-
tor from Delaware will tend to convince us, that
we should make a general amendmentof the patent
