1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
ment, the dregs of that emigration. We were
getting the heedless, who had no property to tax
and no interest in legislation. They only looked
to a place to dig on your canals or railroads, or
something of that sort. The whole cream of the
foreign population, those with wealth, with learn-
ing, with stability anil character, passed directly
through Indiana, and went to Illinois, to Michi-
gan, and to Iowa, leaving us the sediment of that
class of population. We, however, took the hint,
and reversed our policy. We held a constitutional
convention, and adopted the same provision as
the States around us—and what has been the
result? Why, sir, the valuable portion, the cream
of the emigration, settles now with the sediment,
and we have a mixture. We now get a portion
of the better class and their money to help us to
maintain and keep in order the more improvident
portion of that population coming among us. We
now have a mixture of thegood and the bad, and
it makts it altogether a much more desirable pop-
ulation.
But, sir, who fears the result of allowing for-
eigners to go to these Territories ? No man will
go to Kansas or Nebraska unless he wants to be-
come a farmer, a cultivator of the soil. What in-
jury, what danger is there in allowing such a man
10 vote? Will he vote to ruin himself? Will he
vote to annihilate all his own righis, his own lib-
erty, and his own hopes of prosperity and happi-
ness ? I repeat what I said before, on the 2d or
3d of March Inst, when this question was before
us, that the foreigners who come here do not form
distinct and separate parties, but they range them-
seves under the banner of one or the other of the
great political parties of the day. They are either
Whigs or Democrats, and not Abolitionists.
Mosily, I grant you, their sympathies are with
the Democratic party. The majority of them
vote and act with us. Their sympathies were
with us before they came here, and they find
those sympathies doubly aroused and doubly
strong when they get here, and see the course of
treatment of the two parties towards them. No
third party do they make. They,come and vote
with me, or else they vote with my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearcf..] If they follow his
advice, and range themselves under the banner of
his party, they swell the vote which brings a Pres-
ident into the White House, a Senator here, or a
Representative to the other House. The conse-
qnence is, that if the addition of that vote rums
the country, or brings bad policy, the Senator
would have brought it; if it had been in his power.
They only vote for the same measures and the
flftme men that he would have voted tor. So, on
the other hand, if they vote with me, and with
the great Democratic party, which has mainly,
and 1 (rust will hereafter govern the country so
long as it shall be a country of government.
When they vote with me and my party, they
swell the vote which causes a Representative to
be sent to the other House, by adding a few votes
more than he otherwise would have got. Has
that endangered the liberties of the country? If
it has, then the Democratic party would have
ruined the country without the foreigner's vote.
He votes with the native Whigs or the native
Democrats of the country, and only swells the
votes either would have given. He only cariies
out with gieater force that policy which the one
or the other would have adopted if it were m their
power.
Mistake not yourselves, Senators, in suppos-
ing that every man who comes and resides here
five years is better qualified to vote then than
others aie the day they land. A great many of
the men who come here, come well educated, well-
read, well-informed, and, indeed, know all the
details of our own history, and of our own Gov-
ernment better than many Senators here know
them. Then, sir, as a question of safety and
strength to ourselves, give them at the earliest
moment you can an interest m the country, and
they will be Americans indeed, they will be
Americans in heart as well as name. But keep
them for five or ten years, deprive them of an
early enjoyment of political privileges, and you
tend to alienate them instead of attaching their
affections to you, your people, and the country
and its Constitution. Safety and prudence to our-
selves, and justice to them, alike demand this
policy, in my judgment.
Again, I say 1 regret that this question is here,
and if it shall return this bill to the other House,
which will necessarily defeat it, I shall deeply de-
plore the consequences. -.Let me implore Senators j
to forego their objections to this minor question of j
expediency, and seize, with fraternal feelings, this
oppoitunity ot putting at rest forever the great prin-
ciple involved in this bill.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I voted for
this amendment when it was proposed by my
friend from Delaware, to the bill which passed the
Senate. 1 thought the amendment right then; I
think it right now; and I have listened todiscover
what reason there is why I should now vote
against an amendment which I before voted for,
because 1 thought it right, and which 1 still think
to be right. W ell, sir, what leason has beengiven
to us? We have been entertained by disquisi-
tions upon thesubjectof the Constitution, i con-
cede that this is no constitutional question. With
my views of the subject heretofore expressed in
the Senate, that we have an ample and absolute
power over these Territories, we of course have a
right to model their governments as we think
proper, to give the elective suffrage to whom we
think proper, and in each, in every, arid in all re-
spects, to do with theTerritory, and with the people
who may choose to go there, as we think just,
reasonable, and proper. This is, therefore, no
constitutional question. If there were an express
provision m the Constitution of the United Stales,
that no man but a native bom citizen of the Uni-
ted States should be entitled to vote in any one of
the States, it would not m the slightest degree
effect the question now under the consideration of
the Senate, as far as power in concerned.
Then we have been told that a majority of
the House of Representatives is opposed to this
amendment. 1 ask where is the evidence of it?
Was any vote taken in the House of Representa-
tives upon this amendment? No, sir. Was an
opportunity ever afforded in that House to take
a vote upon this amendment? No, sir. We all
know perfectly well that the House, having up a
bill which had originated in that body, having
passed through the ordeal of the Committee ot
the Whole, and having that bill reported to the
House, the gentleman who was at the head of
the Territorial Committee of the House imme-
diately moved, as a substitute for the House bill,
the bill which had passed the Senate, without the
amendment adopted upon the motion of my friend
from Delaware, and demanded the previous ques-
tion. We all know, that question beingdemanded,
and the demand being seconded, no amendment
could be moved to the bill, no debate could be had
upon the bill, no explanation could be given of
the position of members with regard to this par-
ticular question, and nothing was left but to vote
for or against the bill.
The fact that a majority of the members of the
House voted to sustain the demand for the pre-
vious question proves not their opinions with re-
gard to this amendment. If I had been a member
of that House, 1 should have voted so myself.
We all know the condition of things there. We
all know the contest that had been waged. We
all know that a protracted discussion had been
engaged in, and all the parliamentary tactics,
which the rules of the House directly or indirectly
allowed, had been used for the purpose of pre-
venting the judgment of the majority of the House
being given on that bill. Therefore, if 1 had been
a member ot the House, impoitant as I think this
amendment to be, 1 would undoubtedly have voted
to sustain the demand for the previous question,
and thereby maintain the authority of the ma-
jority to determine upon the business of the
House.
Hence, Mr. President, it is an assumption,
without proof, to say that a majority of that
House was opposed to the amendment now pro-
posed by my friend from Maryland. I know
gentlemen who concur entirely with me upon that
subject, but who voted, nevertheless, to sustain the
demand for the previous question, who voted for
the bill withoutthis amendment, who looked upon
it as decidedly a matter of importance to obtain
the amendment, but who, in the circumstances m
which they were placed, felt themselves bound as
I would have felt myself bound, by higher and
loftier considerations even than the question of
this amendment, importantas it is, to sanction the
call for the previous question, and have the judg-
ment of the House upon the measure. Therefore,
when we are told that the majority of the House
of Representatives is opposed to this amendment,
we may be told so by gentlemen very sincerely;
gentlemen may have the private expression of the
opinion of individual members, and may thus for
themselves collect the general sentiment of that
House; but there has been no manifestation in the
House of the judgment of the House upon it.
And, therefore, also, it follows, that when the
honorable Senator from Indiana tells us if we
adopt this amendment the bill is lost, it is a con-
clusion founded upon no premises. It is adeduc-
tion warranted by no precedent matter. It is a
mere opinion, entitled to no greater respect than
if I should say, if you adopt this amendment, you
will insure the support of the House of Repre-
sentatives to it.
Well then, sir, believing, as I do, that the prin-
ciple of the amendment is right, why should I not
vote for it? If it be sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and it becomes a question between the
two Houses, it is one thing to insist upon such
an amendment, to the loss of the bill, and another
thing to give to the House of Representatives
what, according to their rules, they have never
yet had, an opportunity of saying whether they
are for or against it. • I do not make this amend-
ment a sine qua won.. I agree with my friend from
Georgia, that there is a principle in this bill more
important than is involved in the amendment. If
the Senate vote down the amendment, 1 shall vote
for the bill. If the House disagree to the amend-
ment, I, for one, will never consent to lose the
bill upon any such disagreement. But I think it
is rather too much to ask me to vote against an
amendment which [ believe to be right, which I
believe to be important, which I think contains
the recognition of what is valuable, upon a mere
hypothesis that the House Is opposed to a meas-
ure upon which the House has never voted.
Mr. President, I can understand very well the
position of a number of my friends m the House
of Representatives. 1 cast no censure upon them,
none at all. As I have said, if I had been there,
I should have voted with them, and surrendered
my particular views in regard to this amendment
to the condition of things which made it neces-
sary, to enable the majority of the House to de-
cide upon the pending questions. In this body,
thank Heaven, we are under no such necessity.
We can here bring forward a question, discuss it,
give afnple time for its discussion, and when it
has been discussed, we can have the judgment of
the majority, without waiting days and nights in
calling the roll of this body upon questions to ad-
journ, to adjourn over, and all imaginable techni-
calities which the rules of order can be made to
supply. Therefore, I see no reason why we
should not consider this amendment, and why we
should not dispose of it.
Now, sir, what is the amendment? Is it unjust
or unfair to anybody ? It is to allow the citizens
of the United States in these Territories to elect
the legislative body, and then to determine upon
the domestic institutions of the Territories. For
one 1 am perfectly willing to leave it to the judg-
ment of the citizens of the United States, who
may be in the Territories, whether the institution
of slavery is to be introduced into them or not.
But I am not willing to leave it to those who are
not citizens of the United States, to men who are
poured fresh from the workhouses, from the igno-
rance, from the filth, from the debasement, which
maik the lowest orders in the different countries
of Europe; just landed upon our soil, ignorant of
our institutions; ignorant, many of them, of every-
thing except the performance of some mechanical
operation in a particular trade, or except, perhaps,
that one knows how to hoe, and another to delve;
men who can neither read nor write; men whose
associations have brought them into no contact
by which the understanding has been developed;
men who have no sympathies with us, or our
country; men who are just landed, finding here a
refuge from oppression, if you please, or from
punishment, if you please, or from starvation, if
you please, to determine the political condition of
a Territory, which is hereafter to become a State
of this Union.
Why, my friend from Indiana would seem, ac-
cording to his argument, to imply that the longer
these persons are here, the less reliable they are.
He says, take them fresh, the momentthey come
here, and let them become proprietors of land.
