596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
law, to provide against the necessity of aresortto
special legislation, we shall still, in this instance,
and in such others as come before us, pursue that
system of special legislation wisely, carefully, and
justly, until, by a general law, we have a revision
of the whole system.
Mr. EVANS. As I reported this bill, it is
perhaps proper for me to say something m rela-
tion to it. I perfectly agree with the Senator from
Delaware, [air. Bayard,] that a committee of the
Senate is as unfitted to decide these matters as any
tribunal of any kind that I know of, sitting, as
they do, with evidence before them entirely ex parte.
I have seen enough already in the committee to
know, that in four cases out of five there is a de-
liberate and preconceived design to practice impo-
sition. There is a concealment of profits; there
is an exaggeration of benefits. In those cases I
am prepared to go against the application. But
in this particular case—although, if I had seen as
much at the time as I have seen since, perhaps I
might have looked upon it with more suspicion-, I
heard nothing but the statement of the parties-—I
was satisfied that it was one of those inventions
in which the public were not likely to be injured,
because it does not stand as a monopoly, but it
comes in competition with every other manufac-
ture of the same articles. The granting of this
exclusive right will not enable these men to put
up the articles which they manufacture at what-
ever price they please, and compel the public
to pay it; but it will come in competition with
every other specific manufacture. The invention
is for making cloth by a new process. It is no
better than the old process. It may be as good;
if it is as good, and the people choose to buy it,
very well; there is no danger that these men can
extort too high a price for it, because the old pro-
cess of manufacturing cloth by weaving comes in
fair competition, and competition will keep down
the price, and the public therefore cannot be pre-
judiced by it. As to the other matter of receipts
and profits. I suppose from the specimens sub-
mitted to me—1 had no other proof except their
statements—and from the improvements which
have been made within a few years in it, that the
parties could not have derived much benefit from
the f atent until within a fesv years past. I should
suppose that the fabrics manufactured before that
were of a texture and appearance which rendered
them not very salable in the market. 1 there-
fore—although 1 look upon these ex parte state-
ments with a great deal of suspicion—thought it
likely they had received no remuneration; and 1
am satisfied no injury can result from this to the
public interest, because it will come in competition
with other manufactures, which will keep down
the price to the proper market value.
Mr. BAYARD. After the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina, I will with-
draw my cull for the yeas and nays on this bill.
X have entire confidence in his statement as to this
particular case. It does not, however, alter my
objection to the principle. I do not see why you
should remedy a defect in your patent laws by
such special legislation as this. But 1 desire to j
defeat this system of applications to Congress for ,
renewals. The honorable Senator has shown us \
very well what it leads to. Fie is satisfied that, >,
as a member of the committee, in four out of five
of these cases which come before the committee, |
they are founded in attempted imposition. I de- I
sire to doaway with it; but I will make the attempt !
upon some other bill on which f can get the Sen- :
ate to go with me. 1 will therefore withdraw the r
call for the yeas and nays on this bill, though 1 i
cannot vote for it myself, !
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re- '
ported to the Senate; was ordered to be engrossed !
for a third reading, and v/as read a third time, and
passed. j
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. !
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKeay, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Light-House Board to determine upon
the site, plan, and mode of constructing the light-
house on Cohasset Rocks, and for other pur-
Also, that the House had agreed to the report i
of the Committee of Conference on the disagreeing j
votes of the two Houses on the bill for the relief 1
of the troops who were sufferers by the recent
disaster to the steamship San Francisco.
ASBURY DICICINS.
On the motion of Mr. DAWSON, the bill for
the relief of Asbury Dickins was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow him the compen-
sation of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
Secretary of State, during the time while he was
Chief Clerk in those Departments, that he per-
formed the duties of those officers under appoint-
ment from President Jackson, deducting from the
amount the compensation which he received as
Chief Clerk.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
DAVID MYERLE.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is that for the relief of David
Myerle.
Mr. GWIN. The member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Thomson,ofNew Jersey,]
who reported that bill, is absent. He requested
that it might be laid over until he should be present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, if there be no objection.
THEODORE E. ELLIOTT.
The bill for the relief of Theodore E. Elliott
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate §300 to pay him in
satisfaction of his claim for a keel-boat furnished
to P. M. Butler, late agentfortheCherokees,and
used in transporting supplies, under treaty, to the
Indian territory, to be paid as other moneys dis-
burse^ by the Commissioner of Indians Affairs.
TKe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
mm MOORE AND HASCALL'S PATENT.
The bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and
John E. Hascall was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to renew the patent of Moore
and Iiascall's harvesting machine, together with
improvements, for fourteen years from June 27,
1850. The original patent was secured in 1836
but from the complex character of the invention
much time was required to perfect it. And as it
could only be tried once in each year, during the
harvesting season, the whole period of the first
patent was necessarily consumed in bringing it to
the degree of perfection which it now possesses,
and which gives it the capacity to cut, thresh,
clean, and put into bags, wheat and other small
gram, at the rate of three acres per hour. So that
the said inventors have never sold a right, nor a
single machine, nor from any other source re-
ceived any remuneration whatever for an expen-
diture of time and money which they state, and
which the committee believe, to be at least thirty
thousand dollars.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask that the consideration
of that bill be postponed on account of the absence
ofthe Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who \
desires to debate it. \
Mr. STUART. I only wish to state to the j
Senate a few considerations on this subject, and ,
then, if they are disposed to postpone the bill,they |
can do so. This bill has passed the House of i
Representatives twice. It first passed tlfe House j
during the long session of 1^50, but it lay in the j
Senate, and was not taken up in consequence of 1
the discussions on the slavery question, which m- i
volved pretty much the whole time of the Senate j
during that year. At the last Congress it passed i
the House of Representatives again, as early, I
think, as the 4th of February in the first session.
It remained in the Senate until the very last days
of the second session of that Congress, when it
was taken up and partially discussed; but in
consequence of the extreme pressure of the pub-
lic business, and the urgency of the appropriation
bills, it was recommitted to the Committee on
Paienta and the Patent office. It has been reported
again in both Houses at this session; but this is
the first moment that it has been reached in either.
Although I do not intend now to go into the dis-
cussion of the merits of the bill at all,.I must say
that i think it is one of the strongest cases which
can be presented to the consideration of Congress,
in every respect; and, inasmuch as the bill has*
been twice lost before, merely on account of post-
ponements, I submit to the Senate whether it
ought to be postponed now.
I do not wish to be misunderstood in respect to
the courtesy due to the Senator from Virginia. If
1 believed that it was within his power to throw
any light upon this question which cannot be done
by many other Senators here present, I should
not object for one instant to its postponement; but
the question has been thoroughly investigated by
several committees of both Houses of Congress.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] himself,
has investigated this question fully, and there are
othergentlemen here who haveexamined it. There
is, I submit, not a fact which can be presented by
the Senator from Virginia, if he were here, that
cannot also be presented by the Senator from Geor-
gia. Now, sir, I think, and I mean to speak it
with very great confidence, that the question does
not involve those obligations of courtesy which,
in this case, ought to require this bill to be post-
poned; because the circumstances under which it
has been hitherto postponed and lost, seem to me
to give it a claim on the consideration of the Sen-
ate. I barely wished to make this statement on
the history of the bill; and now, if the Senate
think it should be postponed, under the circum-
stances, why, as a matter of course, I must sub-
mit to it.
Mr. BAYARD Mr. President, if it is the desire
of the Senator from Virginia, who is now absent,
to discuss or to make any remarks upon this bill,
such is my esteem and regard for, and my entire
confidence in, the judgment of that Senator, that I
am very well satisfied he would not have made the
request unless he believed he could throw some
light upon the matter which we have to decide; and
I shall therefore vote for this postponement from
the confidence I have that he would never make a
frivolous objection, and that he never would ask
for the postponement of a bill affecting the rights
of a party, unless he believed it was one on which
he could throw some light. Under these circum-
stances, I shall vote for the motion to postpone.
Mr. WALKER. I am well aware that the
Senator from Viiginia is very anxious to be heard
on this bill. I sit next to him, and there have
been conversations between us in regard to it. I
feel perfectly confident that it is the desire of the
Senator from Virginia to address himself to this
bill; and I am certain that it will be in his power
to do so in a manner which will be interesting and
instructive to the Senate. When the bill shall be
up for final consideration I design to be heard
upon it myself, if I can obtain that courtesy fiom
the Senate; and I think that, humble as my ca-
pacity may be, I can satisfy the Senate again, as
I believe they were satisfied at the last session,
that thic'U\ill ought not to be passed in the shape
in wh.^n&J' now is.
The Senator from Michigan says it passed the
House early in the session of 1850, and was de-
feated then by the discussion of the compromise
measures. I do not know what then caused its
postponement; I do not remember what then de-
feated its consideration; but this much I can say
to him, that I have in my hand now a copy of
the bill which passed the House of Representa-
tives at that time, and it is a very different affair
from the bill which we are now called upon to
pass. It passed, as he says also, at the last Con-
gress, and was defeated here at the very last hours
of the session, in consequence, as he thinks, of
discussion upon the appropriation bills. I differ
with the honorable Senator that such was the case;
and I think I can recall to the mind of the Senator
the circumstances under which this b;ll was dis-
posed of then.
It will be remembered that at that time I ad-
dressed myself to the peculiar provisions of this
bill, and that I pointed out what,ln my estima-
tion, consisted the impropriety of its provisions;
and then, upon my own motion, the bill was re-
committed. The reason was not that we had not
time to consider it; for at first the great difficulty
seemed to be to prevent its passage. Its recom-
mittal, therefore, was not in consequence of the
discussion on the appropriation bills. The bill
was up for consideration, and its passage seemed
inevitable; but on my motion, and after discussion,
so improper was the form of the bill deemed, that
