m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
they were for different sums, we may find our-
selves in this difficulty: by directing the account-
ing officers to settle with Colonel Mackay, and to
allow him for both the sums, Captain McKissack,
not having made any return, of course will have
them charged to him; and we may find that he will
come forward and ask m to relieve him against the
defalcation which will be found standing against
him for the $25,000.
It occurs to me that we ought to be pretty well
satisfied that these were really for different sums
of money* and that the charge will result justly
against Captain McKissack. Unless we take care
of that matter, I cannot see why it will not be in-
evitable that we shall have to settle the matter
with Captain McKissack hereafter. I am in hopes
that there was proof to satisfy the minds of the
committee that they were for different sums of
tooney.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest to my friend from ,
"Wisconsin, that from the report it appears that j
they were for different sums. One of them was 1
paid and receipted for on May 1,1847, and the other
on August 14, 1847. That, 1 suppose, is prima
facie evidence that they were different sums.
Mr. WALKER. Suppose that hereafter Cap-
-tain McKissack is charged with these sums—for
he must be charged with them; it is alleged in the
report that he made no return of them—and he
shall then come forward and show, that in point
of fact the two receipts were for the same sum
of money, notwithstanding they were given on
different days? When he shows that, of course
we must relieve him, having already relieved
Mackay. it is true it will be for Captain McKis-
sack to show that they were for the same sum;
but if he does show that, we shall certainly have
to relieve him, as we have already relieved Mackay,
and the consequence will be that the Government
will be the loser.
Mr. BADGER. The difficulty with my friend
from Wisconsin seems to be this: he fears to do
justice to Colonel Mackay, because we may here-
after have to settle with Captain McKissack.
May we not leave that matter for the future?
They must have a rule at the Department 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator allow me
' to interrupt him ? As a member of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, 1 recollect very distinctly
when this case was called up and discussed, it
was discussed and examined at very considerable :
length by the committee, and they were unani-1
mous in their report, and became thoroughly and '
entirely satisfied of the correctness of the matter. ]
I was present at the time; but as I cannot go \
on now to explain it, because the facts and cir- I
cumstances have escaped my attention since it was
before the committee; and as there is not time to
go into the study of it so as to be able to explain
it now, and as the chairman of the committee,
who is more familiar with it, and the Senator who
reported the bill are not present, I propose that it
should £0 over until next Friday.
Mr. BADGER. I do not believe that my friend
from Wisconsin objects to the passage of the bill.
I therefore suggest to the Senator from Arkansas
that the postponement is not necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was no question in
the committee whatever as to the justice of the
claim, after a full discussion of the subject. The
amount is not properly chargeable to Mackay at
all.
Mr. WALKER. I make no opposition to the
bill. f only called the attention of the Senate to
the difficulty that might arise.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM R. NEVINS.
The bill for the relief of W. R. Nevins was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to suspend so much of the eigh-
teenth section of the act entitled " An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts, and to
repeal ail acts and parts of acts heretofore made
for that purpose," passed the 4th of July, 1836,
as prohibits the extension of a patent after the
"expiration of the term for which it was originally
issued, so far as shall be necessary to authorize the
renewal of a patent to William R. Nevins, of the
city of New York, for his invention of what is
denominated in his former letters patent a certain j
machine for "rolling and cutting crackers and bis-!
cuit," dated March 2, 1836, and reissued May 9,
1848.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am totally
opposed to this bill, which is for the purpose of
allowing a renewal of this patent of Mi. Nevins.
it seems that he has made some invention about
rolling biscuits, and the purpose of this bill is to
repeal some clause of a law which, in its general
operation, prevents him from getting a renewal of
that patent. I am not for continuing any obstruc-
tion in the mode on which biscuits are made. They
are very good, useful, and wholesome things, and
1 do not want the housekeepers of this Union, and
particularly the housekeepers m my country, sued
in the Federal courts for the purpose of recovering
damages because they have made biscuit upon a
plan invented by Mr. Nevins or anybody else.
If he has had a patent, and has had the use of it
for the time the law allows, let him avail himself
of his rights. If, under the existing law he has
the right to a renewal, let him get a renewal; but
I have no idea of cumbering all the operations of
domestic cookery in the country by passing
special acts of Congress to enable men who have
invented some machine for making biscuit or
bread in a particular way, to hold persons respon-
sible who use it in the ordinary process of do-
mestic cookery.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the report of the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office be read.
The report was read, from which it appears that
letters patent for the invention were granted on
the 2d of March, 1836, and would have expired on
the 2d of March, 1850; their validity was disputed,
aa is so often the case; and in the course of the
litigation it was decided by the circuit court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York that they were void, by reason of defects in
the specification and claim* This discovery was
made in 1847. The petitioner applied to the Com-
niiasionei of Patents, according to law, for a reis-
sue upon an amended specification and claim, and
they were, upon a full examination at the Patent
Office of the merits of the question, reissued on the
9th of May, 1848, to continue in effect only till the
day limited in the original letters patent, viz: the
2d of March, 1850. On the 17th of March, 3850,
the patentee applied to Congress for an extension
of his patent for fourteen years. The original dis-
putants of his invention remonstrated, and the
question was then in litigation. The Committee
on Patents arid the Patent Office reported adversely
on the petition. But on the 6th day of November,
1851, the question thus litigated was brought to a
trial in the same circuit court, which resulted in a
verdict and judgment, establishing the petitioner's
title to the invention, the validity of the patent,
and the usefulness of the invention also; since that
time all these points have remained unquestioned.
The case submitted also shows, that while the
petitioner has expended in and about perfecting
and establishing his invention $4,616 84, he has
received from it only $2,055; so that he has actu-
ally suffered a loss, from causes involving no fault
or misconductonhispart, of $'2,561 84, instead of
having received an adequate remuneration for the
time and labor and money expended in perfecting
his invention.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, "Shall
the bill be engrossed for a third reading."
Mr. BAYARD. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER* Let us have the yeas and nays !
by all mean«,and see who is for incumbering the
making of biscuit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. Two years ago I made a re-
port in this case similar to the one which has been
read. As a general proposition, I am against the
extension of patents, and I believe I have voted
but for two cases of extension. This, I think, is
a very meritorious case, and should form an ex-
ception to that general rule. This man, on his
way to New Orleans, was injured very severely.
He expected to return here within the proper time
to procure an extension of hi* patent according to
law; but his misfortune delayed him so that he
could not reach here in time; a letter from him
preceded him, stating the facts. He could not
make the necessary statement at the office in con-
sequence of this accident, until the time acquired
by law had passed by; and when he reached here
he found that he was deprived of his right by the
loss of a few days. He had presented his peti-
tion to this body. I happened at the time to he a
member of the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
entOffice;*and,seeing the facts, I thought the case
should bean exception to the general rule which I
had pursued; and therefore I made a favorable re-
port upon the claim.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I will say but
a few words in addition to what the Senator from
Georgia has stated. This patent does not inter-
fere with any domestic institution whatever any-
where. The manufacture of this article is a large
operation in great cities for al4 the purposes of
society. It interferes with nobody in hiss private
affairs. It benefits everybody in domestic life,
because it is an invention which has cheapened
the use of a very important article. The report
shows that this man, after making a useful inven-
tion, by no loss of his own, through the mere de-
fect of the patent laws, in a period of fourteen
years, has failed to receive an indemnity; that he
has expended $4,616 84 in perfecting his inven-
tion, and has received but $2,055 in return; that
he was prevented from appearing at the Patent
Office within the time necessary to make the appli-
cation by an accident. The extent of this bill
is to take away, in this particular case, the rule
which required him to apply within a certain time,
and refers the whole subject to the Patent Office.
There is no question about his title or the validity
of his patent, and none as to the utility of the-
invention.
One word more, and I hope that will soften the
heart of my friend from North Carolina; and if it
does not, 1 know it will soften the hearts of other
Senators. This worthy man came here in the
year 1850, and laid his case before the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who pre-
sented it to the Senate in a speech, and who urged
the committee of the Senate to a favorable exami-
nation of it. Last year the bill was unanimously
reported by the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, and unanimously passed this House*
but was lost in the other House, for want of being
reached in time, f presume. This year the ap-
plicant came here at the beginning of the session
'to present his claim. He brought it to me; it
was submitted to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, and they have unanimously
reported in favor of it. When I next saw him, I
found him recovering from a severe accident which
had befallen him. Though a perfectly temperate
and sober man, he had fallen into one of the cei-
lar-ways in this city, and broken his jaw bone;,
and he has gone home a cripple. I hope, under
these circumstances, that my honorable friend will
withdraw his opposition to the bill.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator from New
York can show me that the allowance to this man
of an opportunity to get an extension of his pat-
ent will not interfere with our people of the South
making biscuit, and will not involve us in litiga-
tion in the courts of the United States, I will
withdraw the objection, and leave the several
manufacturers of biscuit at the North to fight the
matter out among themselves. But, sir, that
Senator has been to the South himself, and he
knows that biscuit is a food used by us there.
Everybody uses biscuit in all the walks of life,
rich and poor, black and white. Now, I will
never give my consent to extending a patent, in
virtue of which any man may come to our coun-
try, and harass our people, because they make
biscuit to eat, alleging that they have got some
idea, or notion, or fancy of making them in a
manner for which he has a patent right; but if he
can assure me that it does not affect any of the
operations of domestic cookery at all, in any shape
or form, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. SEWARD, i can so assure the honorable
Senator. It applies to the manufacture only on a
large scale, for commerce. Everybody,North and
South, East and West, throughout the whole ex-
tent of the country, will have an unquestionable
right to make biscuit for their own use, and eat
them, too, without bein®; at all interfered with by
this patentee. Now, will the honorable Senator
withdraw his objection ?
Mr. BADGER. I am satisfied.
Mr. ADAMS. Before thevote is taken, I wish
to say that I agree with the remarks of my friend
from North Carolina most fully. It is said this
is a discovery of the patentee for making the best
