&166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
and consider whether he is not striking a fatal
blow at some of her most glorious achievements.
It is true, sir, that the gallant conduct of this com-
modore may not have equaled the grandeur and
the splendor of Sicinius; it is true that he may not
have had his untold fleets in his wake; but I am
prepared to say that for deeds of gallantry, ai)d
nobleness, and daring, by the witness of the hon-
orable Senator himself, he stands vindicated before
the world. If a man's deeds are to be counted by
the paraphernalia of war, what becomes of the
glories of San Jacinto? In its troops, its serried
ranks, and its scores of cannon, how does it com-
pare in all the splehdor, in all the paraphernalia of
war, with Lodi, or Austerlitz, or some of those
magnificent achievements? Why will the honor-
able Senator lessen his own achievements by de-
preciating those of others? He says he wants to
vindicate the honor and glory of Texas; but he is
determined there shall no bastards reap of that
glory. If this man be a bastard, who is not a
bastard of Texas? Is not my honorable friend
■who sits near me, whose every breath that he has
breathed, has been for the honor and glory of his
country, a bastard in that sen&e? While lie was
- exposing his bosom to the shafts of the enemy,
and lying unprotected on the cold ground to vin-
dicate the honor of that country, he was a poor
miserable bastard ! And where is the honorable
Senator himself? Does he claim to be a native, of
Texas? And if Moore be a bastard is not tfie
Senator a bastard? They fought under the same
flag for the same rights and the same honor, and
exposed their lives in the ijame cause. If one is a
bastard, so is the other. o
But, Mr. President, if any man has been
wronged, who is the wrong-doer? Has not Texas,
that same glorious State, whose honor is now to
be vindicated in every form and shape known to
the rights of man and the law, indorsed and vindi-
cated the gallantry of this man? Has not the
free, the unbought, the unbuyable feeling of the
people, proclaimed his gallantry, his patriotism,
and his devotion to his country; and three times
■ ill the Congress of that Republic reaffirmed and
reindorsed that gallant service ? And more than
that, the very Legislature that sent the honorable
Senator here, which he speaks of with so much
pride—the Legislature that gave him his commis-
sion to stand upon this floor—unanimously, with-
out one dissenting voice, passed resolutions in-
dorsing the conduct of Commodore Moore, and
• asked the Congress of the United States to incor-
porate him into our Navy. The very Legisla-
ture that elected the honorable Senator passed
those resolutions without a dissenting voice; and
the Senator himself voted, at the last session, in
conformity with those resolutions.
But, sir, the Senator says, that Commodore
Moore was dishonorably discharged; and there-
fore, when he executed the unfortunate men al-
luded to,that he wasa murderer. Who discharged
him ? The President of Texas. Now, 1 appeal to
the honorable Senator's colleague to know, whether
he had any power to discharge him; whether it
was not expressly provided for; whether the hon-
orable Senator did not admit in his speech, that,
before any man could be dismissed, he should be
tried by his peers? The laws of Texas show that
the President of that Republic had no power to
dismiss Commodore Moore. He was not tried,
except upon his own application, and the court-
martial acquitted him of all the charges. Here I
have the proceedings of that court-martial. Here
are the charges and specifications, and here is the
finding of the court:
Charges. Finding of Court-Martial,
Charge 1. Willful neglect The court having fully and
of duty—six specifications, maturely investigated the
matter submitted to it, in the
ease of E. W. Moore, post
captain, Texas navy, and
considered the charges and
specifications, the evidence
and defense of the accused,
proceeded this 21st day of
August, 1844, at which time
the court had been adjourned
from day to day, to determine
the same. And after such
deliberation, it is of opinion
that the six specifications
under the first charge are not
,-,v «  *. • sustained.
Charge 2. Misapplication That the three specjfica-
' of money, embezzlement of lions under second charge
public property, arid fraud-— are not sustained
- 'three specificaaons,
Charge 3. Disobedience of
orders—faix specifications.
Charge 4. Contempt and
defiance of the laws and au-
thoiity of the country—five
specifications.
Charge 5. Treason—one
specification.
That the second, third'
fourth, and fifth specifica-
tions under third charge, are
sustained ; and that the first
and sixth specifications un-
der same charge are not sus-
tained.
Thai the five specifications
under fourth charge are not
sustained.
Charge 6. Murder—one
specification.
That the fifth charge and
specification are not sus-
tained.
That the sixth charge and
specification are not sus-
tained.
The court therefore pro-
nounce it as their opinion,
that the accuscd is guilty of
dibObedience of orders m
manner and foi m as set forth
in specifications second,
third, fourth, and fifth, m
chargc third.
SIDNEY SHEKMAN,
Major General, President.
Note.—The report of the joint naval committee will
show that the orders included in the four specifications of !
third charge, were in part conditional, and the others Com- I
modore Moore could not carry out, and so reported upon :
the receipt of them.
They acquit him of 'each and every'charge ex-
cept/our specifications of the six under that of dis-
obedience of orders. They acquit of this charge
of murder. Now, if he was a murderer, and he
had not voluntarily came forward the honofable
Senator admits he could not have been tried;
but he came forward, asked to be tried, and a
court-martial was appointed. He was tried on
the charge of murder and was acquitted; and now,
in the name of reason, in the name of humanity,
in the name of liberality, I ask that honorable Sen-
ator if it is not time to cease to prefer the charge of
murder? He is tried by a court-martial; he is
acquitted by the court-martial; should not then
the charge be dropped? If you take the veriest
villain in your streets, and have him tried by a
jury, if he is acquitted, whether in reality he be
guilty or innocent, the world says he is innocent.
I hope, then, the Senator will cease to stand up and
repeat this charge of murder.
But, Mr. President, I desire to allude to another
point. The honorable Senator says that Com-
modore Moore was guilty of disobedience of
orders in not going into the port of Galveston.
Now, sir, an act was passed by the Congress of
Texas, called the secret act, directing the President
of Texas to appoint two commissioners to go and
take charge of those vessels. Commissioner Mor-
gan went. Moore was then in the port of New
Orleans. Morgan went on board his vessel there.
I have his testimony before me, and 1 will publish
what of it is necessary to prove that Commodore
Moore acted in all things as the commissioner
wished, and in what they both believed was for
the most vital.interests of their common country.
This testimony proves the coolness and gallantry
of Commodore Moore in battle, against a vastly
superior force. It proves that he drove the enemy
from the blockade of Campeachy. It proves that
hecommanded hisship with great skill and ability.
It proves that he was retained in command of these
vessels by the commissioners, they having secret
orders from the President of Texas to do all things
necessary for the interest of the country. It proves
they found no necessity for using the proclamation
which the President saw fit to publish when Com-
modore Moore, under the control of the commis-
sioners, was in the presence of a greatly superior
force of a cruel and barbarous enemy; nnd above
all, it proves that thecommissionerreported to the
Government, by letter, that "all was right," and
that by the timely move of the two vessels, which
was suggested to Commodore Moore by him, an
invasion of Texas had been prevented.
Here is the testimony—it is full and complete:
" Quezon—Did you or did you not hand me, on or
about the 3d of April, 1843, the letter from the Department
of War and Marine, dated March 21, 1843, as stated m
specification fifth, of charge third ?
"•Answer—Yes; I handed you the letter named in the
question.
" Question—Was or was not said letter (dated March
21,1&43) sealed when you handed it to me?
" Answer—It was not; there was a seal and stamp of the
Republic on the envelope, but it was not closed by a seal.
" Question—You will please state to the court the purport
of the conversation which took place between us upon
your handing me said letter, and after I had read the same?
" iflnswer—You looked at it, and observed, ' the letter
vt as unsealed I said yes. You remarked (it was strange
the Department should send a letter m that manner,' and
asked me if 1 knew the contents of it j I said yes, I have a
copy of it. We met again soon after, and you remarked to
me, ' you see the situation I am now placed in. I have
been at a vast expense to get these vessels fitted out and
ready tor sea; you knowin what a situation ihe vessels are
now. I entered into a contract with the Yucatan Govern-
ment, wl) { felt myself legally authorized to do, and
am now suspended from command of the vessels by this
order. 1 f I obey this order and leave the vessels in the port
of New Orleans, every officer under me will resign. The
-vessels will be left at the mercy of the sailors, who will be
sure to mutiny and destroy them—which they threatened
to do once before when I could not pay them off.'
" I said to Commodore Moore, the orders the commis-
sioners have now received, are painful to me, I assure you.
I accepted this commission with a great deal of reluct-
ance, but I mean to execute the mders, regardless of conse-
quences. He then asked me if I had a communication foi
any officer under his command ; T told him 41 had another
communication for Captain Lothrop, to take charge of the
vessels.' He asked me H I had delivered it? I told him F had
put it under a sealed cover and handed it to Mr. Stephens,
who was secretary lo the commission, to deliver to twn ;
suppo&ing he was on board the brig under lus Command,
which was at anchor below the city.
" I think Commodore Moore then repeated what he said
to me before of his peculiar situation, the liability of the
ve.-sels to be destroyed if he left them, the loss the Govern-
meet might sustain thereby; and remarked to me, < if I
would withdraw the communication to Captain Lothrop, he
would proceed with the vessels immediately to Galveston,
and go with me direct to the Piesident, and endeavor to
satisfy him that he never intended to do anything wrong
with the vessel*, nor anything that would eompromit his
own honor, or that of Ins adopted country.' I remarked
to bun, 4 now that is precisely what I want done with the
vessels. If Captain Lothrop has not received and read,the
communication I havesenthim by Mr. Stephensthiseven- .
mg, the arrai$ement pioposed shall be made, and you shall
continue in command of the vessels until our airival at
Galveston.' i then sought Mr. Stephens, to know if he
had delivered the communication, but did not find himj
but soon after 1 met with Captain Lothrop, and inquired
of him if he had receive 1 a communication from mo, sent
him by Mr. Stepens; he replied that he had received no
communication from me that he knew of. I then remarked
to him,£ Captain Lothrop, if you do receivc a communica-
tion from Mr. Stephens under a sealed cover, it is from me,
and 1 would be glad if you would not break the seal, but
return it to me with the seal unbroken;' upon which he
drew from his pocket the said communication, held it up to
me, and asked me if that was it? I told him it was, and
that it was a communication from the Department of War
and Marine ; he then remarked that any communication
from the Department of War and Marine to him, should
comethtough Commodore Moore. No further conversa-
tion took place between Captain Lothrop and myself.
" Soon after, I fell in with Commodore Moore, and re-
marked to him:11 have got the communication from Cap-
tain Lotluop, and he had not broken the seal; and the under-
standing between us now is, that you continue m command
of the vessels until we get them into Galveston, where we
are to proceed immediately.' Commodoie Moore replied:
' Yes, I pledge you my honor there shall be no delay, and
we will go immediately to Galveston.5 I remarked to hnn,
' As it will be saving the Government someexpense, I will
take passage with you if you have no objectionto which
he replied,<1 should be happy of your company.'
" In the morning, as soon as I met the other commis-
sioner, Mr. Bryan, I made known to him the arrangement
between Commodore Moore and myself, to know if it raet
his approbation, at which he seemed highly gratified, and
concurred fully therein.
" Question—Was it not agreed upon by us that the pur-
port of our conversation and agreement should be pal; in
writing ?
"•Answer—It was.
# " Quesfoon—Did I not address the commissioners the
next day after ihe letter from the Department of War and
Marine, dated March 21, 1843, was handed to me ?
"•Answer—Yes, you did.
" Question—Did you or did you not communieate to
the Govei nment the tenor and purport of your acts, and the
arrangement agreed upon between us, after you had re-
ceived the letter from the Department of War and Marine
for me, dated March 21,1843, which you handed me, aa
you have already stated?
" Answer—We did.
" Question—Did you at any time show me any part of
your instructions as commissioner?
" •Answer—No; because the commissioners were or-
dered to keep their instructions secret.
" Question—You will please state to the court, under
what circumstances, and where ihe proclamation of Presi-
dent Houston, dated March 23, 1843, was shown to me, as
stated m specification four of charge foui ?
" Answer—After Commodore Moore and myself had
made the compromise and entered into the agreement be-
fore stated, about proceeding direct to Galveston with the
ves^eiSj a day or two after that, I remarked to Commodore
Moore, fI feel particularly gratified that matters have
taken th** turn between us that they have, for if you had
been obstinate or disposed to act incorrectly in any way
with the vessels, I had a paper that would have controlled
you.' lie smiled, and asked me what it was" I told him if
he would come to my room at any time, I would show it to
him. The next day after this? conversation, he called at my
room and asked me to let him see the paper I spoke of. I
told him it was a proclamation from President Houston,
which I handed to him and he read it, at which he made
an exclamation after reading it of 'Good God! did the
President think I was going to run away with the vessels or
turn pirate ?' or something to that effect. It was under-
stood that what transpired in the room at that time, with
regard to the proclamation, was strictly confidential.
Question—You will please state the reasons why the
proclamation of President Houston was not published be-
fore we sailed from New Orleans?
