1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
irrespective of any congressional action, should
regulate that matter for themselves.
Now, I can readily understand why my hon-
orable friend from Delaware may very consist-
ently press this amendment here, because, al-
though it should be adopted, he would yet vote
against the bill; and the very reason which deters
me from voting as I did before for the amendment,
is an apprehension of the defeat of the measure if
it be adopted. That, however, would be an in-
ducement to the honorable Senator to advocate
and press the amendment, which has been again
introduced. But my honorable friend from North
Carolina says we have no evidence that the ma-
jority of the House of Representatives is opposed
to the principle of the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, because no vote was
there taken upon it. Why, sir, I apprehend that
my honorable friend should be aware that those
who had the management of this measure in the
other branch of the National Legislature, would
hardly have pursued the course they did unless
they were aware that the bill would be defeated
if this amendment had been retained in it. But I
submit to the Senate, whether the law of Illinois,
as read by the honorable Senator who has just
taken his seat, does not show conclusively that if
this amendment were contained in the bill it would
lose very many votes which it obtained in the
House of Representatives. By the constitution
of that State, as read by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, every free white male resi-
dent, being of a certain age, is entitled to vote,
provided he has paid taxes.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Maryland is,
perhaps, laboring; under a slight error. I did not
read from the constitution of Illinois; nor do I
know what her constitution is now so far a a re-
gards the qualification of voters; but 1 read from
the act of Congress for the formation of the Illi-
nois Territory, the provision that all persons who
resided there one year, and had paid a county or
territorial tax, should be allowed to vote.
Mr. PRATT. I only designed to bring to the
view of the Senate, that not only Illinois, but
other States of the Union, allow them to vote for
all their State officers, and under the second sec-
tion of the first article of the constitution, they
are, per sc, entitled to vote for all Federal officers;
that there are other States besides Illinois which
allow every person to vote. They are not par-
ticularly interested, except so far as the common
welfare of our general country is concerned in
this great principle which I have brought to your
attention. Is it not more than we can expect, if
this bill is sent back to the House of Represent-
atives, that these gentlemen will vote to exclude
very many of those persons who have put them
in the seats which they occupy?
It is a matter, however, of details to which I
have paid very little attention, but those who
have, will readily see that this of itself would tend
to detract from the bill very many votes which
were obtained in the other House, and many
more than would be sufficient to obtain its pas-
sage. Now, my friend from North Carolina sup-
poses—and to that notion the honorable Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] nodded assent as
if he concurred in it—that if the amendment be
adopted, the bill will go back to the House of
Representatives, and the only effect will be for the
House to say that they will or will not concur in
the amendment, and that then it will come here, j
and we are to say whether we shall recede from '
it or not. Mr. President, that is not so. i
Mr. BADGER. You are much mistaken. ;
Mr. PRATT. I am much mistaken, sir? I |
should be gladto be corrected, if I am mistaken. ,
But as I understand it, the bill which passed the i
Senate has not passed the House; but they have J
taken up an original bill which was introduced j
into the House. Hence this is not a Senate bill, 1
but it is a bill which has passed the House, so that !
if we pass it with an amendment, it goes back, and
it is not only the amendment which comes under !
the consideration of the House, but the whole bill, |
and this whole subject of agitation is introduced
anew into the House precisely as if it were first !!
brought there to-day. That I apprehend to be I]
so. Therefore the dangers which the honorable
Senator seems to suppose exist only in the imag-
ination of those who have spoken upon this side
of the question, 1 humbly apprehend do in reality
exist.
Mr.. BROWN. I think the honorable Senator
wholly misunderstands the rule of the House of
Representatives. If the bill goes back to the
House with this amendment, the simple question
will be as to whether the House will concur in
the amendment.
Mr. PETTJT. May they not order the bill to
] lie on the table, or refer it to the Committee of the
! Whole?
i Mr. BROWN. If the opponents have the
| power they may, but they have shown that they
| have not the power. Have they not fought two
j or three weeks over it?
I Mr. PETTIT. They can order it to lie on the
table or refer it to the Committee of the Whole,
and never get it out again. I have seen such
things done there.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I do not profess
to be familiar either with the parliamentary rules
of the House or of the Senate. It is a subject
which has never very deeply engaged my atten-
tion; but I apprehend, sir, according to the com-
mon sense of the thing, if this bill goes back to
the House m which it originated, that House may
offer any amendment to the bill it pleases.
'Mr. PETT1T. Certainly it may.
Several Senators. Oh no.
Mr. PRATT. You see there is a great differ-
ence of opinion. Some sav "Oh yes," others
14 Oh no."
Mr. PETTIT. They must concur in the
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; and they can offer
an amendment to the amendment; or introduce
a bill in the shape of an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. 1 understand that an amend-
ment offered must be germane to this amendment,
and they cannot amend the general provisions of
the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. They can kill the bill by
ordering it to lie upon the table.
Mr. BROWN. Oh yes; the Senator says they
can kill the bill by ordering it to he upon the ta-
ble. So they may; and so they might have killed
it at any time during the last six weeks or two
months, but they have not done it.
Mr. PRATT. It is sufficient for my argument
that they certainly will have the subject up again
by a motion to lie on the table, if 1 am wrong—
and I do not think I am—in the general proposi-
tion which 1 have submitted. Now, allow me to
submit to the honorable Senator fiom Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] who is not for the bill even if
this amendment be adopted, and to my honorable
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] who
is for it whether the amendment be adopted or not,
why does the Senator want his amendment? Is
it to defeat the bill? He is against it even if the
amendment be adopted. Wiiy does he want ft?
I give him credit for supposing—for 1 really be-
lieve he wants it because he thinks—that it con-
tains a great American principle, and one which
ought to be adopted; and 1 agtee with him. But
is there no other way in which he can attain that
object? Does the passage of his amendment upon
this bill attain it? Why, sir, we have now in
existence the territorial governments of Minne-
sota, Washington, Oregon, and perhaps others—
but those three are enough to mention for my pur-
pose—containing this very provision. Now, does
he wipe out this stain, as he would term it, upon
the government of the country, by making his
amendment to this bill, and suffering the same
principle to be retained in the terutonal govern-
ments now in existence? If the object of the
honorable Senator from Delaware be, as I suppose
it to be, simply to have incorporated in the legis-
lation of this country this great American princi-
ple, that none but American citizens should be
allowed to rule in the country, let him introduce
a general bill, altering all the territorial govern-
ments in that particular, and he will find every
southern man who is here now, supporting this
bill, and going against his amendment, going with
him.
I submit to all those who have spoken, or who
have not spoken upon this amendment, whether
it would not be correct, in point of policy, for
those who desire in reality the incorporation of
this A merican principle, advocated by the Senator
from Delaware, to introduce a bill here placing it
in all the territorial governments of the Union ?
That would be the true plan, sir. The true plan !
is not to place it upon this bill, and run the risk of
having defeated a bill which has already produced
so much agitation throughout the whole country,
and to send it back to the^ouse, where that agi-
tation will be continued, because its incorporation
here will insure no one isolated beneficial purpose.
It still leaves in the legislation of our country the
same principle; and you would then have to adopt
a general law, as I propose the Senate shall do
now.
Mr. President, I shall vote against the amend-
ment, although 1 feel as deeply as the Senator
from Delaware, or any other Senator upon this
floor can feel, the want of policy in suffering for-
eigners to take upon themselves, before they are
naturalized, the garb of American citizens. Al-
though 1 feel it as strongly as any man here, and
am prepared to resist it, yet I think its proper
place is not upon this bill.
It is not for Congress, Mr. President, unless
you can amend your Constitution, to initiate this
proceeding. The remedy is with the people them-
selves. We find that that remedy has already com-
menced its career. We find that these separate
foreign political organizations throughout the coun-
try, superinduced or not by the course indicated
by the Senator from South Carolina, are raising
an American spirit in the land, which is to answer
the purpose of getting rid of this stain upon our
escutcheon. It must be public opinion, sir, the
public opinion of the native and naturalized citi-
zens of this country which is to Cure this evil; and
it cannot be cured by putting the amendment on
the bill which is now upon your table. I believe
it will be cured. The spirit is now abroad. The
people of this great country, native and natural-
ized, are not willing to see their birth-right sub-
ject to the foreign importations of those to whom
the Senator has alluded, or of others who may
come here voluntarily for their own interest. I
have trespassed, Mr. President, longer upon the
time of the Senate than I intended.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, as an abstract
question, I certainly should prefer the bill as it
went from the Senate; that is, with the so-called
Clayton amendment, to that which has been re-
turned to us from the House, the two bills differ-
ing only, as I understand, in that respect. If I
had to frame a bill myself, and to consult only
my own judgment in reference to it, 1 certainly
should prefer the Senate bill to that which is now
under consideration. But, sir, I am not allowed
to consider it in reference only to my own judg-
ment; I must consider the circumstances under
which it is returned to us. I believe that the effect
of putting on this amendment will be to hazard
the bill in the House of Representatives; and I do
not choose to try suok an experiment on a meas-
ure of so much importance. Experimentum in
vili corpore. It must be upon some cheap substance
that we can venture to try such experiments as
these, and not upon a bill which may involve the
peace and harmony of the whole country. I can-
not demonstrate that the adoption of this amend-
ment would destroy the bill in the House of Rep-
resentatives. I cannot, perhaps, produceevidence
that would satisfy my friend from North Carolina
that it would even hazard it. But such evidence
has been adduced to me as satisfies me that the
adoption of this amendment to the bill will not
only hazard it in the House, but may destroy it.
There are various ways m which it might be de.
sttoyed. It might be laid on the table. I have
seen such things attempted. It might be commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole. At any rate,
it would be a signal for the renewal of that agita-
tion from which the country has already derived
no good; and which I should be unwilling to see
renewed merely for the sake of this amendment.
I have no idea that it will be possible to pass the
bill with the amendment; and I would rather have
the bill without it than see the whole measure de-
stroyed, and all the labors of the session, in regard
to this exciting question, rendered abortive.
But suppose it was as the Senator from North
Carolina imagines, that the only question was
upon this amendment, that the House of Repre-
sentatives would not consent to renew the agita-
tion; that there would be no one there who would
be so irritated as to move that the bill lie upon the
table; that there would be none there who would
seek to refer it to the Committee of the Whole;
still it is to be considered what might be the effect
and result of the question thus presented. It
