1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1809
would be upon this naked question of the amend-
ment, and nothing else; if we can suppose all these
propitious circumstances to exist in regard to the
action upon it, who then would determine this
question ? Why, it might be that the enemies of
the bill, with a small minority of its supporters,
would fix that amendment upon it, and thus our
northern friends, who have come forward to
sustain the bill, and risk so much in order to re-
peal the Missouri restriction, a repeal which we
value so highly, might have to go home and meet
the responsibility of the measure with this obnox-
ious restriction upon it. Would that be fair, sir?
We understand that the bill, as it is, was brought
in and carried through upon a compromise between
its norihern and southern friends. Northern sen-
timent conceded something in repealing the Mis-
souri restriction. Southern sentiment conceded
something in agreeing to reject what was called
the Clayton amendment, it seems to me that it
is fair, and just, and proper for us to ratify that
understanding, and to pass the bill as it came from
the House. Prom these considerations I shall
vote against the amendment; although I say, if I
had nothing to consult but the simple suggestions
of my own judgment, I should vote for it. But,
under existing circumstances, I do not feel at lib-
erty to peril the bill by affixing to it such an
amendment. I shall therefore vote against it.
Mr BELL. I desire to give an explanation of
my vote on this subject before the question is
taken. I dcr not wish now to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate long. The honoroble Senator
from Illinois has intimated to me the desire to
have the questions preliminary to the passage of
the bill taken this evening.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; and debate it to-
morrow on the question of its passage.
Mr. BELL. But, before I vote, I shall desire
to-make an explanation. I shall not detain the
Senate long; but I wish now to reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia particularly, because
my vote on this question will be regulated some-
what by the sentiment which has been expressed
by various gentlemen who are friends of the bill.
I am of the opinion, Mr. President, that if the
bill goes to the House, the amendment will not be
concurred in, if it shall be made by the Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. There is no possibility of it.
Mr. BELL. It will not be concurred in. That
is the opinion of the Senator from Virginia, also;
and, therefore, he will not vote to ingraft it on the
bill. I believe, however, that the honorable Sen-
ator voted for the amendment when offered by the
honorable Senator from Delaware at the time the
bill was formerly under our consideration?
Mr. HUNTER. I did.
Mr. BELL. And I understand the honorable
Senator now to say, that if it were anything but
a mere abstract question which was involved, he
would vote for it now?
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say if it were any-
thing but an abstract question; I said that if it
were a mere abstract question J would vote for it
now, if I had nothing to consider but the sugges-
tion of my own judgment. I did not mean to say
that it was not of importance, but that it was not
of sufficient importance to hazard the bill upon j
it.
Mr. BELL. I understood the Senator to say
that if it was anything but an abstract question,
he would vote for it now, but there are considera-
tions behind which will restrain him. He is of
the opinion that it will not be concurred in by the
House. Does the honorable Senator infer that
the bill will be lost if the House does not concur
in the amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator ask my
opinion? I am assured by those who I think are
good judges of the sentiment of the House, that the
bill would be endangered. I received that assurance
not ten minutes ago, from a friend of the bill.
Mr. BELL. But, although he is in favor of
this amendment upon principle, he will waive it i
on the ground that he wants another greater and |
higher principle established. Various gentlemen |
on all sides have taken the same position. I pre-
sume I know what the opinions of many of these
Senators are as to that point, but I do not remem-
ber that any of them distinctly stated what that
higher principle was which they supposed would
be established by the bill, and which would
induce them, therefore, to waive all the opinions
which they held as to the expediency and import-
ance of this amendment.
Mr. tOOMBS. 1 will tell the Senator, as far as
I am concerned, that it was the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction which was the principle.
Mr. BELL. I understand that. 1 should like to
hear from some of the gentlemen what they mean
in regard to it. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia has also indicated that that is the great
object. The honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] upon another occasion, stated
significantly, and in expressive language, that he
expected nothing else, but to take that thorn from
his side. Am i wrong in attributing that senti-
ment to the honorable Senator ? That is the great
principle to be established.
Mr. BUTLER. If the honorable Senator al-
ludes to me, I will still repeat, that I oeheve, if
the northern people would voluntarily and in good
faith repeal the Missouri compromise,and it were
a contest upon a mere fictitious issue, whether it
resulted to one or the other, it would withdraw a
festering thorn from the side of the South. That
was my opinion.
Mr. BELL, i understood it. It was a fine
feeling and a patriotic one, according to his judg-
ment, of the effect of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. But in reference to this, if I
should be reduced to the necessity of saying wheth-
er I would vote ior this amendment or not, it would
be, I am free to say, because i would not, in any
vote which 1 could give, do injustice to my own
friends from the South, and much less would I
perform any olfice that would have the appearance
of deserting my friends from the North.
Mr. BELL. I understand that, and I assure
the Senator that I appreciate his feelings. I will
say that I have considered seriously whether I
could separate myself from my friends from the
South when there seemed to be a generous tender
from the North of the punciple which is proposed
to be established by this bill, but that is neither
here nor therejust now.
But another Senator who sits near me [Mr.
Badger] spoke also of the high principle, the
higher and more important and fundamental prin-
ciple, that will induce him to vote for this bill,
though the amendment in support of which he has
argued so ingeniously and ably, giving very strong
and cogent reasons for it, to which many people
of the country will respond, be not adoptgd. He
has not stated what that principle is which he
wishes to establish.
Mr. RADG-ER. I not only stated it, but I
really thought if my friend from Tennessee had
either heard my speech on the Nebraska bill, or
read it, or heard of it, he would have known what
it was. [Laughter.]
Mr. BELL. I want to know it now, if the
honorable^Jenator will please to state it.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator can
send for a copy of the speech which 1 delivered,
and see what it is.
Mr. BELL. I heard the honorable Senator
make his speech; but I wanted to know whether
he corresponded m sentiment with the honorable
Senators from Virginia, South Carolina, and
Georgia; and if it was his great object to remove
that stigma from the legislation of the United
States, or that violation of the Constitution rather.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is my great object.
Mr. BELL. That I understand. The honor-
able Senators svill remember that I do not reproach
them. I have not the slightest disposition to
question their motives or the correctness of them.
They have a perfect right to act on their princi-
ples; but I want to know the correspondence that
exists between these honorable gentlemen now.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pet-
tit] has another consideration which sways him;
for he expects that the cauldron which is boiling,
if we do not settle the question now, will continue
to boil, and that there may be innumerable other
influences set in motion at the North before the
next Congress. lie is of opinion that if the bill
goes back to the House with the amendment, it
will not carry; and if we do not pass the bill now,
he says that the country will never again have an
opportunity to establish this great fundamental
principle.
Mr. PETTIT. I did not say " never." I said
it would endanger it for years to come.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator drew a
description of the country, atf the North particu-
larly. Now, I was struck; by his views. I do
not know but that he is right in regard to the
question, and whether it would not be for the
interest of the country to settle the question now,
if this great principle is to be established. That
is what I say, if it is important to the welfare of
the country, and to the Union of these States, that
the principle should be, or can be, established by
this bill. If that is so, I agree with the honorable
Senator.
But I want to know what that great fundamental
principle is which the honorable Senator from
Indiana thinks so important to establish in this
country; that if we do not get it now he does not
know whether we can ever get it, because we do
not know what will be the condition of the next
Congress.
Mr. PETTIT. The fundamental principle to
which I referred was substantially that stated by
the Senator from Georgia—that is, the carrying of
the same policy and the same political rights all
over our territory, the giving to the people of the
whole Union the same political rights over every
foot of the territory, North and South.
Mr. BELL. Is that what the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan means by the term " squatter
sovereignty ?"
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir.
Mr. BELL. I am at a loss again. Perhaps
the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] can enlighten me upon this subject.
What is the great fundamental principle to be es-
tablished by this bill, which makes it so import-
ant that we should pass the bill without the Clay-
ton amendment, and not hazard it a day in the
House? Honorable Senators will understand me;
I mean to conduct myself with perfect fairness
towards them. They have expressed the greatest
apprehensions that the principle will escape, and
which the Senator from Indiana seemed to insin-
uate would escape forever if not established at
this time. I want to know now whether that is
the principle of squatter sovereignty? I do not
mean to disparage the principle of the right of the
people to govern their own concerns and establish
their own domestic institutions. I do not mean
to state anything inconsistent with the principles
which I held on the legislation of 1850. > I do not
mean to involve myself in any inconsistency as
to the doctrines that I held or practiced upon, but
what I want to do is to see if f can reconcile the
jarring opinions, or what seem to be the jarring
opinions, of those honorable Senators who have
expressed so great an interest on this question.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him on this point?
Mr. BELL. If the Senator wants to answer
any question, I will with pleasure.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to answer a question;
but I will not interrupt the Senator.
Mr. BELL. Certainly; if that is all, I will
yield.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to state for myself, you
may call it " squatter sovereignty," or what you
please 
Mr. BELL. I do not use that term.
Mr. PRATT. The principle of this bill, which
I denominate the great principle, which we ought
not to surrender, was, in the first place, that it
struck out the Missouri compromise line; and, in
the second place, that it adopted in its stead the
principle that the people inhabiting the Territory
should decide for themselves the Government un-
der which they should live.
Mr. BELL. Well,Iinferred as much as that,
though I did not know that the honorable Senator
had such an objection to the Missouri compro-
mise. I thought it was another great principle
which he had in view—the principleof non-inter-
vention in the affairs of the I'erritories by Con-
gress—which I have not heard mentioned to-day,
that I remember. That great principle of non-
intervention in the affairs of the Territory was the
origin of this bill. That is the principle which I
understood to be aimed at originally by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois. I did not think
ji there was so much a disposition to set aside the
Missouri compromise, because it was a hated thing
in any section of the country, but only to give
them liberty to get this tabula rasa, this plain sheet
of paper, on which we could carry out the great
doctrine of non-intervention.
Now, if I have done injustice to what were the
opinions and views of the honorable Senators at
