1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
<c Answer— Because the commissioners considered there
•was no necessity for it.
« Question—You will please state to the court the rea-
sons of our route being changed after our arrival at the
mouth of the Mississippi, and ail the circumstances con-
nected with the same?
44 Answer—'The next morning, after we arrived at the
Bulize and came to anchor, there came on board the Aus-
tin the captains of two vessels, and a passenger, who
stated that their vessels were just from Campeachy—the lan
vessel three days and ten hours. On inquiry we learnfed
from the captain and passenger of the last arrival, that the
Yucatacoes and Mexicans were about settlingtheirdifficul-
ties ; that General Ampudia had ceased to bombard the
town; that the Governor and authorities of Campeachy, and
General Ampudia, were having almost daily interviews,
and that it was their intention to unite against Texas; that
the division of troops under Generals Barragan and Lemos
that went to attack Merida had failed in their enterprise,
were defeated, and had capitulated, and by an arrangement
agreed upon, the ffoops were to leave therein twenty days;
that General Ampudia had sent the steamer Montezuma
to Telchac to take the tioops on board to bring them up to
Campeachy; and that it seemed to be well understood at
Campeachy that Ampudia was concentrating all the forces
he httd in Yucatan for the purpose of proceeding forthwith
to Galveston ; and it was believed that he was urging the
Yucatacoes daily to join him, inasmuch as Commodore
Moore had disappointed and deceived them in the aid prom-
ised with the vessels under his command, and that it was
the belief of Governor Mendez, of Yucatan, with many
others at Campeachy, that Commodore Moore had been
bribed by the Mexican Government not to furnish the aid
he had stipulated to do, and that many of the Yucatacoes
were getting quite exasperated at Commodore Moore's
supposed treachery.
cc f then ina.de particular inquiry of the gentlemen who
furnished this information, of the situation of their steam-
ers, their force, and their other vessels of war, and they
corroborated the statements I had had before of them—that
tbfir steamers were badly manned, their chief dependence
being upon Englishmen they had on board, who \yerj rep-
resented in a state of insubordination ; atfd it was believed
that our two vessels could whip their whole fleet, if we
should fall in with them. The steamer Montezuma was at
Telchac alone, one kuruh cd and fifty miles to windward of
Campeachy, waiting for the troops of Barragan and Lemos;
and it our two vessels were to proceed to Tclchac, we would
find her there alone, and might easily capture her, by winch
means the balance, of the Mexican fleet would fall into our
hands. The passage to Telchac from Balize might con-
sume about four days, and as there was no doubt of our
finding her there alone, as it would be impossible for the
troops that capitulated near Merida to reach the coast and
embark before we could get there ; and as from the informa-
tion I had received in New Orleans about the intention of
the Mexicans to make an attack upon Galveston in the
spring, so fully confirmed by the information received at
the Balize; and from what General Houston had assured
me in the winter, during the session of Congress, ' that
there was to be a formidable invasion of the country; thatit
was gone,and out of/us powerto saveit; that it would cease
to be a Republic in six months'.'*—all these circumstances
taken together, with information so fully confirmed, that
the enemy intended to make a descent upon the coast, I was
induced to hazard the responsibility by suggesting to Com
modore Moore to take Telchac and the coast of Yucatan in
our way to Galveston, c to save the Republic,' if I could.
u QueUion—Were you, or were you not fully satisfied
that 1 would have proceeded direct to Galveston from the
Balize but for your having expressed to me, as stated by
you in reply to the last question, the wish or suggestion that
we should take the coast of Yucatan on our way to Gal-
veston ?
" Answer—Yes; T feel assured that Commodore Moore
had not the least intention of going anywhere but to Gal-
veston, when I suggested it to him
" Question—What was the condition and state of dis-
cipline of the Austin during the time that you were on board
of her ?
" Answer—A more perfect state of discipline than was
on board of that vessel is beyond my comprehension.
" Question—At or about what dates did you go on board
the Austin, arid leave her?
" Answer—The evening of the 15th April, 1843, T went
on board in the Mississippi. I left her on the 15th July,
1843, in Galveston.
u Question—You will please state to the court my con-
duet while in sight of the enemy; my efforts to engage
them, and my conduct while in battle?
" Answer—Commodore Moore was cool and collected
when we hove in sight of the enemy, and the enemy were
hearing down upon us ; 4 at the same time appearing ex-
tremely gratified that there was an opportunity of closing
with the enemy." While closing with the enemy, as they
were bearing down upon us, he ordered his men to keep
cool and be deliberate, and take care not to waste their
ammunition, and not to lire unless they felt pretty sure
their shots would tell. The enemy commenced firmsrsome
twenty or thirty minutes, I think, before the Commodore
suffered a gun to be fired; then he observed to the first
lieutenant, (for I was standing close by him,) < they don't
intend to let its get any nearer to them ; they are paddling
off stern foremost, faster than we can come up to them ;
keep her away a little, so our broadside can bear, and, d—n
them, give it to them!' and then the action became gen-
eral between the Austin and Wharton, against the two
steamers, the two brigs, and two schooners, all firing into
us ai once.
u During the whole of the engagement the Commodore
kept cool and collected, and managed his ship with great
skill, as I thought; the enemy finally ran off without the
reach of our guns, it became perfectly calm, and the action
ceased.
"While we remained at Campeachy, after coming to
anchor, Commodore Moore's efforts to engage the enemy
were unceasing; which he never could effect until the 16th
of May. Soon after daylight, on the morning of the 16th,
I discovered, from the hotel where I boarded, on shore, the
ship Austin and brig Wharton under way, standing out of
the harbor, and the two Mexican steamers-standing out
from Lerma to sea,'under a press of steam, and a schooner
in company. Soon aftersunn e F could perceive the ship,
brig, and gun boats all in pursuit of them. Ahout rime or
ten o'clock the action commenced between the ship Aus-
tin, brig Wharton, and Yucatan gun-boats, and the two
Mexican steamers and schooner Eagle. The steamers,
under a press of steam, running out to sea, Commodore
Moore and his squadron in pursuit of them; and they kept
up a running fight of several hours, until they were not
visible from : hore.
" Question—Y<ni will please state to the court what I
informed you on the 30th of April, when I advised you, and
insisted on your going on shore in one of the gun boats ?
" Answer—I do not remember any precise conversation ;
my opinion is, there was an anxiety on both our parts that
I should have an interview with the Governor of Yuca-
tan immediately, and learn the feelings of the Yucatacoes
towards Texas. I took with me a letter from Commodore
Moore to Governor Mendez, and called upon him imme-
diately on my landing, in consequence of information
received at Sisal and Mew Orleans.
Si ft was fully understood, previous to the engagement, that
the vessels were not to be taken, but they were to be blown
up in case we were overpowered.
" Question—You will please state to the court the
reasons of our remaining off the coast of Yucatan so much
longer than you anticipated when we left the Balize ?
" Answer—We were first detained by CommodoreMoore
wailing to engage the enemy. The steamers and their war
vessels were all m sight while we lay at Campeachy, and it
was evident, if we left there without an engagement, and
attempt to capture them, that they might carry their original
plan into execution, about concentrating their troops and
making an attack upon Galveston. We were determined
to prevent it if we could do it by an engagement with their
fleet, which never could be brought about until the 16th of
May, which was the last engagement before spoken of."
Extract from the official report of Commissioner Morgan,
dated at Campeachy, 9th May, 1843.
These, and other reasons, which will be still more satisfac-
tory to the Department when known, enhanced the induce-
ment to consent to touch at Telchac on oui way to Texas,
and we accordingly proceeded for that port, where, from
light and occasional head winds, we did not arrive until the
eighth day from the Balize ; as we did not find any of the
Mexican navy there, we proceeded along the coast to Sisal,
where we ascertained that the Montezuma had passed on
her way to Lerma and Campeachy near twenty-four hours
betore. We accordingly kept along the coast until within
some ten or twelve miles fr^jp Lerma, where we anchored
on Saturday night, 29th ultimo, and on Sunday mprrnng,
the 30th,at 4 o'clock, got underway, when at daylight
we discovered two large steamers, two armed brigs, and two
armed schooners bearing down evidently to attack us; pre-
pared for action, and headed directly for them, the crews of
both vessels giving three hearty cheers ; but before we
could get within long gun shot range of this formidable
fleet, headed by their steamers, armed with their renowned
Paixhan guns, they evinced a disposition to be off, by
going about under a heavy press of steam, and heading
directly from us. Commodore Moore crowded sail in
pursuit, when theMexican fleet concentrated and awaited
our approach; and so soon as within long range opened
their fire upon us from their steamers, to which the Com-
modore paid no attention, but kept endeavoimg to close
with them. This, however, the enemy was determined to
avoid, their steam enabling them to select their distance,
when the Commodore, finding he could not bring them to
close quarters, opened his fire from both vessels, and the
action became general, and lasted for something over an
hour, the steamers then hauling off to windward, entirely
without the rcach of our guns, and remained there until if
bccame calm, when they recommenced their attack, which
continued for nearly an hour, and they again hauled off,
and have kept to windward ever since. As for their brigs
; and sohooneis, they approached near enough in the first
! action to get one broadside from the Austin, and never came
j near us afterwards, but have kept at a distance of some
! five or ten miles to windward, outside the steamers, ever
] since. *********
The Commodore gave his orders with greatcoolness,and
! cautioned the men not to waste their powder, but make
every shot tell. * * Captain Lotnrop managed and fought
i his brig handsomely, and the only source of regret in the
I whole affair, with the officers and men of both vessels, was,
! that we £Ould not close with the enemy. * * *
1 Commodore Moore has never been able to bring them to
1 close action since ; thev keep to windward out of our reach.
We have driven their fleet from Lernia. raised the blockade
of Campeachy, placed General Ampudia with his be^eigmg
army in a very perilous situation, inasmuch as he cannot
now communicate with his fleet. His soldiers are deserting
and coming into Campeachy daily. * * * *
Thus by the visit of our two vessels to this coast we have
prevented the Mexican Government from subjugating F«-
catan and invading Texas vrlh the same force^y to have
been transported thither by her steamers and transports,
and have up^et the arrangement of the Metican Govern-
ment in regard to Texas and Y ucatan altogether; as I have
said before, we are on our way to Galveston, via the Mexi-
can coast, with the ship and brig, and I hope to be there in
a few days. In the mean time, I send this by a fa«t sailing
pilot boat furnished by the Yucatan Government, to let the
Department see that all is straight so far as regards our
movements, and will, I hope, meet the approbation of the
Government.
X have the honor to remain, with every consideration of
respect, your most obedient servant,
J. MORGAN, Commissioner.
Hon. G. W. Hill, Secretary of War and Marine.
They started for the port of Galveston. ^ Mor-
gan says that they e;ot as far as the mouth of the
i Mississippi when they received such intelligence
as satisfied hira that it was the duty of the Com-
modore, and for the interest of the Republic of
Texas, to go to Yucatan. Here we have the testi-
mony of the very man sent by the authority of
Texas, that he approved and directed this very
expedition of which the honorable Senator com-
plains. He says that he approved it. 1 submit to
every Senator if there is anything %rong in that?
Was Moore to blame for it, when Morgan was
sent thgere as commissioner, with full power and
authority to take charge of the vessels, and he con-
sented to go on the expedition? The expedition
was made, with what results I leave posterity to •
juds:e.
Mr. HCWSTON. I admire the zeal of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. He thinks he is doing very
well. Much reliance has been placed upon a re-
mark that I made, that there were various meet-
ings demonstrative of the strong feeling of Texas
in favor of this individual after he returned and
surrendered himself to be (fealt with. 1 will ex-
plain the reason, for I am fortified on the subject.
He surrendered himself, and the demonstrations
were of an amusing character, like those which
followed the reception of the "dodge" report.
When it first came officially, there were torch-
light processions in Galveston, on account of the
glorious achievemants of the navy and of the
Commodore. There was one .meeting at which
there was a gentleman who was a connection of
one of the commissioners, another of the name
of the President, and another whose name I do
not recollect; and they stated that it was a large
meeting, and numerously attended. There were
just three there. [Laughter.] When two or three
persons got together, it would be a numerous
and largely attended meeting, and they would pa&a
the most vehement and laudatory resolutions AH
favor of the Commodore and his glorious achieve-
ments ; and a reception was prepared for the Tsxa^s
navy. All these things were done.
But, sir, the course of the Legislature is relied?
upon. We all know what it is to get resolution*
passed by a Legislature, when nobody is gainsay-
ing it, and especially when they want to get rid ot
an interminable pest, who was at every Legisla-
ture until the last, I believe, when Texas was
admitted as a State. As for the court-martial and
their finding, it was accorded as a matter of favor
by the President. He knew it was unavailing.
The man had been dishonorably discharged. He
knew that if they saw one half the truth, and
came to give judgment, they must find him guilty;
but they had not cognizance of the charge ot
murder, or of the charge of treason-, and-there-
fore they could not find him guilty of either. That"
is the reason why he was not found guilty of
either. They did find him guilty of flagrant dis-
obedience of orders. Had he power to go to
Yucatan? Had he power, when ordered to Gal-
veston, to go to Yucatan, in disobedience of four
reiterated orders? Certainly he had not; and alt
the commissioners in the world could not exoner-
ate him. The " secret act" was passed because
he had repeatedly violated orders, and it was be-
lieved that it was hia intention to run away with
the navy and sell it, as was suggested by those
who moved the act. That was the reason why "it
was a secret act; and it was desired that thePrea-
ident might lay hands upon him, through com-
missioners, before he could have time to perpetrate
thatatrocious deed. That is the reason why that
was done; and that act was made m reference to
the security of the Navy, and from the necessity
which giew out of his reckless disregard of all
orders and of all authority at that time,
These are the facts in relation to it. That he
could so contrive it as to get a majority of the
Legislature to pass resolution in his favor, is nofc
surprising; for there was'a combination in Gal-
veston who had sworn that they would subvert
| the Government of Texas, or control the Execu-
I tive, if it could be done in no other way than by
1 a revolution. The Executive was informed that
I arms had been secured and distributed through
j the country, to supersede the Executive authority;
i but the gentlemen did not go quite far enougn.
; They had organized a most imposing association
| there—a secret society—of known hostility to the
; Executive, to Sam Houston personally and polit*
! ically. It consisted of forty-.three members.
• They had their regular place of meeting, and had
\ a flag staff, and red flag, which was hoisted over
! them at- night. They had their high priest and
