600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
deliberately, in full view of the testimony in the
case. But, sir, the Senator from Delaware makes
a general argument against a class of cases. He
does not look to the evidence in this case. He
does not touch other than general principles. H e
does not examine the particular case, but he
strikes at the class. Now this case grows out of
the war of 1812. There were laws passed fro*11
time to time, whereby, no doubt, such cases might
have been adjusted if the parties had been vigilant.
Those laws continued, expired, and were revived
again; but finally there were a great many cases
where, undoubtedly, when the parties had not
obtained redress under existing laws, they had
constantly to seek special redress whenever they
■were able to make out satisfactory cases.
I remember very well a somewhat similar case
—X do not remember the name of it, perhaps the
Senator from Delaware does—arising in this Dis-
trict. I do not remember the names of the per-
sons, but I know a bill was reported and passed
both branches of Congress. It was a case where
a man had his property on wagons for the purpose
of taking it beyond the reach of the enemy at the
time this city was invaded by the British. The
officers in command of the United States troops j
pressed the wagons into the service, unloaded the I
man's goods, and put those of the United States' :
on board, and the man's goods were entirely lost. I
In that case we gave redress. It was precisely j
such a case as this, with this difference only, that
that claimant lived here, then, at the seat of
Government, where he might have availed himself
easily of all the laws then in force. This case
arose on the frontier, at that time an utter wilder-
ness, remote from the place where the claimant
could seek redress, and where he was very likely
not to prosecute his claim with great diligence.
The testimony here was entirely satisfactory to
the committee, at least to show that this man, being
a sutler in the Army, having a warrant for that
purpose, had provided teams for transporting his
property out of the reach of the enemy, which he
undoubtedly could have done if the officers had
not interrupted him. The proof is that the teams
were pressed into the service, under the order of
the United States commanding officer, to carry
.United States military stores, &c. They un-
loaded his goods by the side of the road, where
they were lost, in consequence of that order un-
doubtedly.
When the case first came up it was thought
that the evidence was not entirely satisfactory,
and the claimant finally obtained the testimony of
the"officer who executed the order. 1 think no |
one can read the testimony and doubt that the loss ;
did accrue in consequence of the order of the
United States officer; that it was to the injury of ;
the claimant; and that the Government is justly
responsible for it. I can see a very good reason, j
to which I have already alluded, why it was not
prosecuted with that vigor that it might have been ,
and ought to have been. Persons living on the j
extreme frontier, in a remote wilderness, before \
the means of traveling were such as they are now,
could not very well prosecute a claim with the
same facility that they can now.
All that I wish to say now is that the evidence
in this case was entirely satisfactory to the whole
committee. It is analagoua to the case where we
have given relief before; and,in our judgment, it
proceeds upon the same principle. We ought
not to take one man's claim and grant it, and re-
fuse another which is founded on the same prin-
ciple. If the evidence does not prove the claim
that is one thing; but if it does prove it, and we
gave redress to another man on a similar claim,
we ought to give it to him. The former case to
which I have alluded was under consideration, and
discussed a long time, before we established the
rule. Having established it, I should te very
sorry to give one mead of justice to one man and
another to another man.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not aware of any rule
established by the Senate. It is very true that the
committee may be unanimous in this case; but
who does not understand—notthepeople, hut Con-
gress; the people know nothing about it—that all
the investigation in each private claim is referred
to some individual member, who looks into the
testimony. He may be a man who chooses to
examine it with care, or he may be one who gives
it a very slight examination. He may be a man
who will take the trouble to examine the facts and
affidavits, and scan them in his mind, and detect I
the deficiency of the testimony; or he may be a j
rather careless man, who is disposed, from kind- |
ness of heart if you please, or any other cause, !
to take for granted the statements made; and it
may be, as is constantly the ease, for it is not a
judicial inquiry, that he will suffer himself to be
assailed outside, and take the representations of
agents and other interested actors for the parties.
But there is not a man around me who does not
know, that in all these private claims, unless there
is some great objection to them, they are literally
acted on on the recommendation of a single mem-
ber of a committee, so far as the examination of
the testimony goes. They come before you with
the apparent weight of the recommendation of the
whole committee; but every one knows that m
point of fact the whole committee probably did not
even look at the testimony. I admit that 1 think
the system a vicious one. I hope Congress will ,
remedy it by the appointment of a proper tribu- 1
nal for the investigation of these claims. 1 ana as
anxious as any man that justice shall be done to
the individual claimant, who has a just claim
against the United States; but,at the same time, 1
think, undei the present system, there is anything
but justice done. .
As segards the rule of which 1 spoke, which
was established under the general laws of 1816
and 1817, the last-passed in 1817, 1 consider it
essential. As I heard the report read in this case,
it certainly does not remove tiie necessity for the
application of that rule—that is, it does not give
the testimony of the officer who gave the order.
That was the rulepublished throughout the whole
country for the benefit of the peisons who claimed
compensation for injuries by order of a United
States officer. The report here neither gives that
testimony, nor does it show the fact that that tes-
timony could not have been procured at the time
when the laws were in force. If the party does
neither the one nor the other, in my view of these
things, justice to the United States requires us to
say, " You have chosen to abandon your rights,
and we will not now, after the lapse of forty years
from the occurrence of the transaction, take the
memory of a person who did not give the order.-"
I should like very well to have time to examine
the evidence in this case. I would like it on this
account: It is admitted that it was formerly re-
ported upon adversely, when the facts and transac-
tion were more recent, by a committee quite as
capable of investigating its real merits as we are
now. 1 shall therefore move the postponement
of the bill. If I find, on examination, that 1 do not
think I can resist successfully the evidence and
statement of facts as they existed in the former
petition and the former report, when the transac-
tion was more recent, I shall, of course, have to
abandon my objection, i therefore move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed until
Friday next, to give me an opportunity of looking
I into it.
j Mr. WADE. The honorable Senator says
| that the applicants and their agents often crowd
around us, and make representations to the mem-
| ber having the cases in charge, which representa-
] Hons are relied upon. I do not know that they
! do. In this case, however, I know that no such
I thing occurred.
i Mr. BAYARD. I did not mean the remark to
I apply to this individual case.for one moment. I
never indulge in anything of thekind. If I thought
I so 1 would speak directly so as to be understood;
] for I never mean, by indirection, to make a re-
1 mark to reflect upon the action of a particular Sen-
! ator.
! Mr. WADE. 1 do not know the claimant in
[ this case. I never saw him. 1 know nothing but
j what appears from the evidence. The papers
i were referred to me; I examined them; and being
j convinced that the teams were pressed into the
! service by order of the United States officer I
thought the compensation justly due. Under the
i instructions of the committee I reported the bill.
Having done my duty to the case, I will leave it
in the hands of the Senate. I will not object to
the postponement. "
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PETITION.
! Mr. DAWSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
I sented the petition of Jane Irwin, praying to be
I allowed additional pay and bounty land, on ac-
count of the services of her father, the late Colonel
Jared Irwin, during the war of the Revolution}
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
REPORT FROM STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SL1DELL, hy unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred a message of the President in relation
to the subject, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of the claimants of the pri-
vate armed brig General Armstrong; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
THOMAS H. SUMNER.
The bill for the purchase of the copyright of a
work published by Thomas H. Sumner, wherein
he describes his new method of ascertaining a
ship's position at sea, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that,in consideration of the transfer
to the United States of the copyright of a work
wherein Thomas IJ. Sumner fully describes his
new method of ascertaining a ship's position at
sea, when a meridian observation of the Sim can-
not be obtained, there be paid the sum of $10,000^
lor which the copyright shall be deemed extinct,
and the book may hereafter be published, as if no
such right had existed.
At the request of Mr. Evans the report of the
Committee on Commerce was read. Thomas H.
Sumnepyrfts a master mariner. He is now in-
sane; anffTm consequence, his wife and children
have failed to realize from such an important dis-
covery as the one which he made the reward which
it merits. Sumner, some years ago, published a
work, giving an account of the disco very, and in-
viting; the scrutiny of ship-masters and ship-own-
ers. The committee present the testimony of many
well known ship-owners and masters, naval offi-
cers, and distinguished mercantile and seafaring
men, all attesting the value of the discovery; and,
in the opinion of the committee, it is proved: 1st,
that Sumner discovered the method; 2d, that it
was before unknown; and 3d, that it is useful.
Mr. BAYARD. There is very pretty reading
in that report, but it strikes me that it is very little
calculated to strengthen our minds as to the real
merits of the case. The discovery, if it is of the
value which it is stated in the report to be, must
be embodied, 1 suppose, in some mode which,
without the publication of this book, which is
copyrighted, could not be used by the master or
officers of any ship. If that be so, I presume,
with the extended commerce of the United States,
the purchase of a copyrighted book on so invalu-
ablea discovery would necessarily afford a compen-
sation to the party; and it looks to me very much
as if this was an attempt to substitute congres-
sional compensation to a large amount for a dis-
covery of limited and doubtful value. I cannot,
with my impressions, vote for the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and, on a division, on the question of
its engrossment for a third reading, no quorum
voted.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Brown, Chase, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Everett, Fes^enden, Fish, Fqot,
Gey pi, Gwm, Ilainhn, Houston, Johnson, Jones of [owa,
Pear^e, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Sumner,
Wade, Walker, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Clay, Daw-
son, Evans, Fitzpatrick, and Mason—8.
So it was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time. It was read a third time, and passed.
A. C. W. FAWNING.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the bill for the
relief of the executrix of the late BrevetColonel A.
C. W. Fanning, of the United States Army, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay Mrs. Harriet O. Read $7,230, the
amount claimed by her to be due to the estate of
Colonel Fanning as commission for disbursements
made by him in 1827 and 1828 at the United States
arsenal in Augusta, Georgia, and as balance of his
accounts against the United States, for services ren-
dered in 1818 and 1824, as United States commis-
sioner in receiving and restoring St. Marks, and
as Indian Agent at Forts Gadsden and St. Marks,
from April 1818 to December 1821.
