1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
inquired what section of the Union was favorable
to them, and what was not.
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] spoke of the sacrifice of the South. He
is disposed to give up certain notions of policy
which he had, on account of the risk which north-
ern gentlemen have incurred in supporting this
measure. Well, sir, it is a generous principle and
policy, and the avowal of it is frank and manly,
it is on account of the northern friends of the
South, who have gone in and risked whatever was
to be risked at the North by going for the repeal*
of the Missouri compromise, thatseveral Senators
from the South have declared their determination
to sacrifice their own opinions upon such ques-
tions as these of mere expediency, where they
think no great principle is involved. I repeat, 1
think it manly and generous, at all events.
Sir, I shall vote for the amendment, although I
do it with some hesitation, because I feel the
weight of the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Indiana. 1 do not know what the decision
of the Senate will be; yet, sir, if there be a major-
ity who will adhere to it, I believe the bill never
can become a law.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the honorable Senator from
Tennessee had confined his remarks to a defense
of his own position, which I think needed it,
rather than assailing that of other Senators on this
floor, I should not have further participated in
this debate. As to the advice which he gives to
the friends of the bill, with reference to how they
should act on this amendment, I presume they
will be something like myself—a little tired of
taking advice from such a quarter. The Senator
complains that he does not understand the great
principles which this bill establishes. I know no
Senator who has had better opportunities of un-
derstanding them than he has had. 1 know that
he met, upon a call of its friends, time after time;
and that we discussed the clause of the bill in
which these principles are contained which have
agitated this country from one end of the Union
to the other; and I know that when it was agreed
upon by the friends of the bill, North and South,
East and West, Whigand Democrat, he came here
and recorded his vote for the clause as I and other
friends of the bill did. The very question of the re-
peal of the Missouri restriction; the very question of
taking this subject out of the Congress of the United
States and giving it to the people of the Territo-
ries who are to be affected by it, is contained in
it. Whatever this bill does in that way, is con-
tained in the provision for which theSenatorfrom
Tennessee voted, which he aided and cooperated
in establishing, and came here upon the responsi-
bility of a Senator to help to put it upon yourstat-
ute-book. I know, too, that that Senator, at a sub-
sequent portion of the proceedings, met with its
southern friends of his former party alliance, and
was supposed to concur ina resolution disapprov-
ing the known organ of that party for opposing
the great principle which he is now unable to see.
I say he was supposed to concur in that resolu-
tion. I supposed he did concur in it, because he
was present and did not object to it. Then, sir,
on these occasions, the Senator had the benefit of
public discussions, of party caucuses of the friends
of the bill3 Whig and Democrat, and of the con-
sultations with his own peculiar party friends in
their meeting upon this matter; and I know, too,
that at the meeting of Whig Senators referred to,
at which he was present, we, for fear we might be
misrepresented or misunderstood, authorized the
Senator from North Carolina to say that we con-
curred with him in the conclusions to which he
came on the bill. Therefore I say the Senator
has had the advantage of public discussions, of
caucus consultations with the friends generally of
the measure, and his particular partisan allies; and
besides,he was sufficiently satisfied upon it to give
his vote for it upon the test question m the Senate
of the United States. Now he wants to know
what the principle is. 1 trust he will excuse me,
after this discussion, after his votes, after his
speeches, and after his cooperation with the friends
of the bill, from making the attempt to enlighten
him on this great principle further than to refer
him to the bill itself.
Mr. BELL. Remember, I wanted to know; be-
cause one principle was stated by one Senator,
and another principle by another.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was the very object of
the clause itself for which he voted, to reconcile
these conflicting opinions. That was the very
reason why the friends of the bill met together,
laying aside their partisan views, that they might
reconcile their differences and defend great prin-
ciples. We met, and consulted, and agreed, and
came here and placed our action upon the statute-
book of our country. Now, the gentleman says,
let me see you- reconcile it. Sir, the vote of the
Senator from Tennessee is recorded; and if it
needs explanation, it is needed from him both to
the Senate and to the country. If it does not con-
tain a principle—if this Missouri restriction ought
not to have been repealed—if this great agitation to
which he referred should not have been stopped,
or if the bilUs double-tongued or double-shotted—
if it contains anything hurtful to the Republic, I
charge that the Senator from Tennessee has his
full share of responsibility before the American
people and the world. I am told now, but I do
not know exactly for what reasons, the gen-
tleman will vote against the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. BELL I will vote for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, for it or against it.
[Laughter.] It is equally clear that the Senator's
object was not so much to discuss the amend-
ment, as to produce discord on other points
among the friends of the measure. We adopted
it on the principle stated by the Senator from
Virginia. We look upon it as a principle, a great
principle, that the Congress of the United States
should no longer usurp this power to interfere
with the domestic policy of the Territories, in the
judgment of many of us against the Constitution
—in the judgment of all of us against good policy—
in order to restrict the equal rights of the free
citizens of all the States in the common Territo-
ries of the Republic. We believed we would bring
evil, and evil only, by legislating here in this
manner for our remote dependencies; for the Ter-
ritories are nothing else, at least upon the ques-
tion of slavery. To establish this policy we
planted it in the clause of the bill to which I have
referred, and voted for it; and that clause had the
assent of the Senator from Tennessee.
Now, the Senator offers, as an argument against
his and our action, that we ought to rely upon
the unconstitutionality of the Missouri compro-
mise. A strange argument for an American Sen-
ator. The Constitution of my country and his,
has thrown around itself a quadruple wall to pro-
tect it from violation. The members of the House
of Representative are sworn to stand by it. The
members of the Senate are sworn to do the same.
The President of the United States binds himself,
by a solemn obligation, to do the same; and the
judiciary are bound by the same ties. If a bill
Is brought before me, and I am satisfied that it is
unconstitutional, I have no option but to vote
against it. If it seeks to repeal an unconstitu-
tional act, it is the highest reason you can give
me for its repeal, for then I have no discretion.
It may be a good law, it may be a wise law, in
my judgment, it may be a beneficial law; but sat-
isfy me that it violates the fundamental law of
the land, and I cannot consider its wisdom and
justice, though, in my judgment, it might shed
boundless prosperity over this Republic.
But, the Senator says why not rely on the
courtsto declareit unconstitutional? Sir, i must do
my duty to the Constitution whenever the ques-
tion is presented to me; and I trust the judiciary
will perform theirs if the question should ever get
there. But it does not follow, as a matter of
course, that their judges would agree with me on
that subject when it went there. They must decide
according to their judgment and their consciences.
I must decide it according to mine. I assume the
obligation of an oath on my conscience. Their
judgment cannot protect me; and if they declare
the exercise of a power to be constitutional, and
have so declared it from 1789 until to-day, and,
in myjudgment,I believe it to be unconstitutional,
and it comes here, I am bound to vote against it;
and, upon the same principle, I am bound to
repeal all unconstitutional laws that come before
me, even if I have no other reason than their un-
constitutionality. The Senator seems to suppose
that remedies for unconstitutional laws belong
exclusively to the judiciary. I-do not concur in
that opinion. The distinction between passing
and repealing a law on this point is unsound.
Why concern yourselves with the constitutional-
ity of your action here in passing laws? There
are the courts. The rule would be as sound in the
one case as in the other.
The Senator knows that attempts have beei*
made to get up an excitement in this country on
this subject. He knows that there are men who
have lived upon its agitation, especially in the
northern portion of the Union—men whose polit-
ical existence is staked on this agitation—whose
desires and hopes can only be realized by inflaming
the public mind against, and defeating this measure.
The Senator from Tennessee has becoraetheir ally,
working to this purpose, aiding in the same result
—-fo keep this prohibition on his own section^ although
high-minded, noble, generous, and patriotic men
of the North feel and see its injustice, and labor
for its overthrow. The distinguished Senator •
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] said it violated the
Constitution of his country, and when the ques-
tion was presented to him, he felt it to be his duty,
for that reason, to wipe it from the statute-book.
I did not vote for its repeal in order to get any
advantage over any portion of this Republic. 1
would scorn myself if I sought an unjust advant-
ageof any State in this Union. I claim no triumph
over the North; I would have none. I claim it
a triumph of the Constitution, and of right, equal-
ity, ana justice to all the freemen of this great
Republic, throughout its utmost limits, from ocean
to ocean. I would ask nothing that I would not
grant; I would take nothing from the people of
the North that they ought not to yield; and, there-
fore, do not consider this bill a triumph of the
South against the North. Neither northern right
nor northern honor is violated by this measure.
It is a victory over error, injustice, and wrong;
a triumph of right, justice, and the Constitution.
For this triumph the whole country is certainly
not less indebted to the genius, the eloquence, the
statesmanship of the North than the South; and
happy is it for the country that it was thus
achieved. This great fact will spread far, and
wide, and deep, a feeling of brotherhood through-
out this great Republic, and even more than the
act itself, tend to perpetuate that sacred bond of
true liberty, equality, and fraternity—the Consti-
tution. This is my ardent desire, my earnest
prayer.
Mr. BELL followed at great length, and spoke
until five o'clock, when, without concluding, he
gave way for a motion to adjourn; and
The Senate adjourned.
[See the Appendix for Mr. Bell's speech.)
, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 25, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the consideration of House bill No.
330, "further to amend the act entitled 'An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes,' passed
March 3, 1851, and the act amendatory thereto,
passed August 30, 1852."
Mr. OLDS, by unanimous consent, submitted
a substitute for said bill; which was received, and
ordered to be printed.
^POSTPONEMENT Of THE SPECIAL ORBER.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I appeal to
thegentleman to yield me the floor for one moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely desire to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to submit a
motion that the special order be postponed until
to-morrow.
[Cries of44 No objection !"]
Mr. PHELPS. There being no objection, I
hope the motion will be entertained.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. I object to it. 1 will
say to the gentleman from Missouri, who has
charge of the deficiency bill, that if he will agree
to make no attempt to take up the deficiency bill
to-morrow, if it is not disposed of to-day, 1 will
consent to the postponement of the special order.
But if the consideration of that bill is to be contin-
ued during the whole of thia week, 1 must object.
Mr. COBB. Wait till to-morrow, and object
then.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Pacific railroad bill
has been postponed too long already.
