1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
priety of it, and I see no propriety in departing
from it.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the attention of the
Senate for a few minutes while I explain this mat-
ter. The honorable Senator concludes that there
is no authority of law to pay this salary. That
ought to be sufficient. If an officer is getting a
salary without authority of law, it should conclude
the whole matter; but; sir, in 1849, we appro-
priated $58,000 for charts and nautical instruments
for the Observatory, and put in a proviso that
the superintendence of the Nautical Almanac
should be given to an officer of the Navy who was
not below the grade of lieutenant. That was in
1849. After the officer selected had performed
his duty a year, he called upon the Comptroller for
§1,500 extra salary. His salary as lieutenant was
§1,500. The Comptroller replied to him that he
could not comply with his request without au-
thority of law, justas the Senatorsays. He came
to Congress for the #1,500. Congress struck
it out. That was in 1850. He came to the next
Congress. Congress again struck it out; but in
1852 he went to the new Comptroller, Mr. Phelps,
who had just come into office, and made applica-
tion to him; and in face of the finding of the first
Comptroller, in the face of Congress striking out
the appropriation twice in succession, he induced
that Comptroller to go back as far as 1849, and
give $1,500 extra per annam, and I suppose he
is getting it now.
I believe tfte officer is very well qualified for the
duties of his office; but that is not the question
now. The appropriation for the Nautical Alma-
nac commenced with $6,000. We are now called
on to pay 828,880. So it has increased, since 1849,
from <46,000 to §28,880; and still the salary of the
officer is not in that sum. The appropriation for
his salary is in the first clause of the bill for the
payment of officers.
The honorable Senator from Maryland says we
should pay this officer $3,000, because we are pay-
ing other officers double salaries. Why, sir, if the
argument is worth anything, it has directly the
reverse tendency. We are paying the superinten-
dent of the Observatory, expressly by law, $3,000
a year. We are paying the ordnance officer, ex-
pressly by law, $3,000; but this case stands by
itself, where an officer is getting $3,000 without
any law; and we are called upon now to sanction
an abuse which has crept in upon us, because the
Comptroller of the Treasury reversed the finding
of his predecessor, and the action of Congress,
which was had on two different occasions, and
has allowed him the $1,500 extra wiAout author-
ity of law.
If I ever expect to have the Senate listen to any
suggestion as to naval improvements at all, I can
only do so, when abuses like this come in our
face, by exposing them. I move in this matter
with infinite regret. To cut down the officer's
salary is by no means a grateful task; but 1 see
officers leaving their families and going to the pes-
tilential coasts of Africa to do duty at $1,500 a
year; while these reserved posts are given to offi-
cers who thus remain at home with their families,
and come here and ask to have their salaries
raised. There is no justice in it. If the action of
the Comptroller is to override congressional find-
ing, there is no telling where it is to end. No
gentleman can say anything in this officer's favor
with which I will not agree; but when it comes to
saying that there is no other officer in the Navy
competent to perform the task, I take issue on it.
When the work was ordered, an officer must be
found; and it would be a very adventurous task
indeed to say ihat another could not be found for '
the service. Look at the examinations through
which they pass, fitting them expressly for this
■very duty. There is nothing in that assertion.
The question has never been tried. All I ask
now is, if it is designed to give him the $1,500 ad-
ditional, let us say so. At present he is getting it
without authority.
Mr. PEARCE. I propose to obviate'the Sena-
tor's objection by submitting, as a substitute for
his amendment, the following:
Proviici, That the pay of the officer in charge of the su-
perintendency of the Nautical Almanac shall be hereafter
$3,000 per annum.
Mr. BENJAMIN privately made a suggestion
to Mr. Pearce.
Mr. PEARCE. I will modify it so as to read:
Provided, That the pay of the officer in charge of the
superintendeney of the Nautical Almanac shall hereafter
be the same as he has heretofore received.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the Senate will not
agree to that. We have struck it out twice here-
tofore.
Mr. BELL. I know the purity of the motives
of my friend from Florida, and the principle upon
which he proceeds. It is all very well. .Nothing
can be said against that principle. It is to reform
what he considers an improper patronage, which
is extended by the Government to this naval offi-
cer. But I think 1 can recall to his mind one fact
which will show thafchis proviso is not strictly
just and proper. 1 shall not take up the time of
the Senate by showing that he proposes that this
service shall be performed ata rate which is below
the second grade of clerks in the Departments.
The first grade gets $2,000 salary; the second, I
believe, $1,700. He proposes to reduce this officer
to $1,500, and says that is strictly right and regu-
lar, and that it is wrong to extend the extra allow-
ance to an officer of the Navy. He says there
are numerous officers competent to the service.
Doubtless there are. Not only is the acquisition
of science necessary to a person in his position,
but there are other qualities essential—strict, vigi-
lent attention to accuracy of detail, the power of
concentration on the minutiee of such a work as
the Nautical Almanac. Now, the proposition of
the Senator would reduce the salary of that officer,
as a lieutenant in the Navy, to $1,500.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; he would get
$9,100.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator proceeds
upon the idea that he should have received only
$1,500 heretofore.
Mr. STUART* He has got that.
Mr. BELL. I know he has; but the Senator
proceeds on the principle that his salary ought
never to have been more than $1,500. The ordi-
nary clerks in the Departments get more than that.
Now, I will say to my honorable friend from
Florida—he will allow me {pcall him so—I do not
question the propriety or correctness of the idea
we had in bringing about reform; but how has he
succeeded in that reform ? How have the Naval
Committee succeeded? They can get nothing
done in conformity to the general views he en-
tertains; but this is falling from a general reform
upon an individual case. I know the Senator's
general views on the subject. He does not pro-
pose to give this officer the compensation that
would be due to him on sea service. He admits
that he does not; and yet the law provides that
the officers at the naval academy at Annapolis
shall be compensated according to the rate of pay
to which they would be entitled on sea service.
That would raise the compensation of this officer
to $2,500. The Senator proposes by the proviso
to limit it to about $2,100. I think this service
requires higher consideration on the part of Con-
gress. This I say with great deference to the
honorable Senator from Florida; for I have wit-
nessed his industry, his vigilance, his labor, and
the determined spirit which he manifests to re-
form all that he considers abuses in the Navy; and,
sir, in general, almost in every particular—1 would
except this case—he has my support. I am sorry
to see that he has not been more successful in
introducing those reforms which his familiar
acquaintance with the subject suggests. I believe
there is no man in the country more familiarly
acquainted with the Navy than he; and I now in-
voke on the part of the Senate that deference and
attention which I believe is due to him. I have
served with him on the committee duringthe whole
of this session, and a more industrious, laborious,
vigilant, investigating gentleman, I have not known
in the course of my service in either House of Con-
gress. Still, he is falling upon particulars here,
having failed in his main object and design in the
general connection of what he considers reckless
ami nameless abuses in the Navy; but, in this case,
allow me to repeat, I think there is a higher con-
sideration due to the man who has been charged
with the responsibilities attaching to the superin-
tendence of that Nautical Almanac, a work which
is not only found to be of the highest utility in the
mercantile, as well as in the naval service of the
United States, but in other countries. Some con-
sideration is due to the vigilance, and accuracy of
detail which must be exercised, and to the emi-
nent success which has attended the supervision
of that work on the part of Lieutenant Davis. •
It may be conceded that there are other officers of
equal science; but they have not been tested on
such a work. I presume Lieutenant Davis was
selected for those qualities which those best ac-
quainted with him knew him to possess. Such a
work as that would have been of no manner of
use, if it had not been for the confidence felt In its
minutiae and details, all of which he supervises.
He does riot make all the calculations; it would be
impossible for him to do so; but he supervises
them in the general. He is the man that is enti-
tled to the credit for them; and yet my honor-
able friend from Florida would not allow him the
sea service pay of the rank which he possesses.
I hope, under these considerations, that he will
concede to this eminent officer what is due to him
for the utility of a work which is not only a ben-
efit to the country and the world, but which re-
dounds to the honor and even to the glory of the
country.
Mr. MALLORY. The honcfrable Senator from
Tennessee has been kind enough to say very
many pleasant things to me. They furnish the
best evidence in themselves of the unwillingness
with which I move any amendment of this char-
acter.
Mr. BELL. I know it.
Mr. MALLORY. But, air, the Senate does
not forget the fact, that the appropriation for this
work Began at $6,000, and that it has gone on
rom $6,000 to $19,000, and now to $28,000; and
that doe$ not include this officer's salary. We
have, on two occasions, refused the increase of
salary proposed by theamendment of the Senator
from Maryland, notwithstanding the* last Comp-
troller's finding. It is not right to allow it. In
allusion to the honorable Senator's parallel be-
tween the clerks of a Department, who get $1,800
a year, and this gentleman, the parallel is not
correct. He should draw the parallel between the
officers of the Navy and this officer. That is the
parallel to be drawn. What does an officer of the
Navy, of the grade of lieutenant, get for active
service on the coast of Africa, or in the Pacific,
or on the coast of California? He^ets $1,500;
and it stands to reason that this officer should not
get double pay while he is living with his family
at home. I have no interest in this; but I trust
the Senate will refuse their consent to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland.
The question was taken on Mr. Pearce's
amendment to the amendment; and,on a division,
there were—ayes T, noes 12; not a quorum voting.
Mr. GWIN. I call for the yeas and nays; thai
will bring in a quorum.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will suggest a compromise
in this matter to the honorable Senator from Mary-
land. I should be unwilling to vote for the salary
of $3,000; but if he will substitute sea-service pay,
I think it will meet the approbation of every one.
Mr. MALLORY. That would be $2,500.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have no desire to raise sal-
aries; but I am entirely unwilling to make fish of
one and flesh of another. You give $3,000 to the
two others. Here is a man, no way inferior to
them in talent, performing higher duties than
eitherof them, and of the profoundest and most
intricate science—I am not willing to give him
less than the others. If my amendment fails, I
shall ask leave to introduce another, by which
the salaries of the others shall be brought down.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will go with you in that.
The yeas and nays were ordered on theamend-
ment to the amendment, and taken, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin,Coopet, Dawson, Fish,
Foot, Gillette, Houston, Morton, Pearce, Peltit, Seward,
Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, and Wade—-15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bnght, Brodhead, Cass, Cha^e, Dodge
of Iowa, Fjtzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Mallory. Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Stuart,
TiiompsonofKentueky, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—19.
So it was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I will now ask the Senator
from Florida to modify his amendment so as to
allow the pay of the officer while on duty at
Mr. MALLORY. I agree to that. That will
give him $2,500. The amendment will then
read:
Provided, That any naval officer who may be charged
will" the preparation, superintendence, or publication of
the Nautical Almanac, shall receive no compensation for
such duty beyond what'he would receive while on duty at
