2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr. BENJAMIN. It ought to read, that he
shall receive the same compensation for said ser-
vice that he would receive while on duty at sea.
I suggest that modification.
Mr. MALLORY. if I understand the lan-
guage,"that is the meaning of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The language does not
provide that he shall receive as much.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the intention; but
he is not to receive beyond that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It had better be made cer-
tain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. At the instance of several Sena-
tors who voted against the amendment which I
offered some time ago, I am induced to offer
another:
Jind be it further enacted, That the existing law limiting
the number of officers of the Navy of the United States he
so farmodificd as to entitle the officers belonging to the
navy of Texas, atfhe time of annexation, to the pay of the
officers of the Navy of the United States, on leave of
absence up to the present tune.
When the Presiding Officer put the question,
on a division, twelve Senators rose in the affirm-
ative; and he declared that it appeared to be re-
jected.
Mr RUSK. Count the other side.
Mr. BROWN. Call for it in the Senate. There
is not a quorum voting.
Mr. STtJART. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator fPom Texas
will let the bill be reported to the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. A majority of the members pres-
ent are in'favor of the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will have an oppor-
tunity of offering it in the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. It can be acted on as well here
as there.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope it will not be inserted
in that form. By the amendment, it is proposed
not to incorporate the officers into the Navy, but
to allow them the same pay as officers of the Uni-
ted States,Navy on leave of absence. It does not
decide whether they belong to the Navy or not.
I should like that question decided at once. It
does not put them into the Navy of the United
States.
Mr. RUSK. Not at all; it only allows them
pay.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I shall vote against it.
The yeas and nays were taken; but previous
to the announcement of the result,
Mr. MALLORY saidt Before the vote is
' announced, 1 suggest to the Senator from Texas,
and 1 think he will concur with me, that we should
amend his proposition by adding the proviso that
the number of the Texan officers shall not ex-
ceed eight, because that was their whole number.
Mr RUSK. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walk-
er ) That is a matter for the subsequent consider-
ation of the Senate.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas IB, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Benjamin, Brodhead, Cass, Dodse of
Iowa, Houston, Jones ot Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lorv. Morton, IVttit, Piatt, Rockwell, Ru^k, Sebastian,
Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, ami Weiler—18.
NAYS—Messis. Bright, Brown, Chase, Cooper, Daw-
son, Fi^h, Fitzpamck, Gwin, Hunter, Pearce, Slidc-H,
Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, and
Walker—17.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the proviso will now be
added by common consent.
Mr. MALLORY. There will be great abuses
unless it is agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I hope, by unanimous consent,
it will be put on. That is the number that con-
stituted the Navy.
The modification was made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of
$12,250 be, and is hereby, appropriated to pay James Ad-
ams, assignee of William G. Heslep and Treat F Peck,
$10,630, and interest thereon from the 1st day of May, 1851,
until the day of payment, at the rate of six per centum per
annum, being the balance due on a contract for storage of
United State® property as cei lifted and payment decreed by
the district court of the United States for the northern dis-
trict of California, on the 12th day of March, 1853, in a
cause wherein the United States were complainants, and
the above parties, with others, were defendants.
Mr. PEARCE. I raise a point of order on
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
The Chair is of the opinion that it is excluded by
the rule.
Mr. WELLER. It will be seen by the read-
ing of the amendment, that it is to carry out a
decree of the district court of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
provided for in the rule.
Mr. WELLER. The rule provides, of course,
to carry out an existing law. 1 suppose there is
an obligation resting on efery Government to pay
its debts. Here is, in fact, a judgment against
the United States for that amount of money. A
suit has been instituted, under the order of this
Government, against certain parties. It turns out
on the trial of the cause that the defendants were
entitled to a judgment against the Government.
The decree is regularly certified by the district
court of the United States; and yet, it is ruled out
of order to move, by way of amendment, an ap-
propriation to carry out this decree of the court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that they appear before Congress as
private claimants.
Mr. WELLER. See the situation in which
that amendment is placed. If I could get an esti-
mate 
Mr. PEARCE. I must raise a point of order.
Is this debate m order?
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. WELLER. I will get through as soon as
the Senator from Maryland, ifhe will allow me.
What 1 was about to say was, simply, that the
estimate of an officer in one of the Departments,
is, under our rules, infinitely *hiore valuable than
the decree of a district court of the United States.
That is all 1 wish to say.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made, as m Committee of
the Whole, were concurred in.
Mr. MALLORY* It has been suggested to me
by some friends of the Navy who had not read
the amendment which I offered in Committee of
the Whole, that they were mistaken in regard to
what would be its operation. I now move it
again. Its principle is the foundation of all naval
reform. I feel anxious, and the Committee on
Naval Affairs feel anxious, to have it effected. I
offer it from the Committee on Naval Affairs:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States, within thirty days from the passage
hereof, shall assemble ;i naval board, to consist of three
captain*, two commanders, and two lieutenants, which
boatd shall investigate the conduct, chaiacier, and stand-
ing of all the officers of the grades of captains commanders,
lieutenants, passed midshipmen, and masters* in ihe line of
promotion, and shall ascertain and report to the Secretary
of the Navy, under such rules and regulations as he may-
prescribe, every officer ot said grades that said boaid shall
deem incompetent or disqualified todischarge promptly his
whole duty, ashore and .itloat; and in every case the said
board shall report, in two separate clause'?, such officers as
theinterests of the service require should be dismissed and
such as should be placed out of the line of promotion, with
its reasons for the same: Provided, That upon said board
officeis shall not investigate, vote, or report upon officers
of a senior grade. Immediately upon the leturn of the
reports of the board to the Secretary of the Navy, he shall,
so far as the President shall approve the same, cause those
officers who may be reported foi dismissal to be dismissed
the service with six months' cea-serviee pay ; and those
who may bo reported for withdrawal from the line of pro-
motion to be so withdrawn upon p.iy which shall not be
more than thiee fifths, nor less than one fifth, their sea-ser-
vice pay re:-peetively, to be determined and approved by
the President: Provided, That parsed midshipmen and
masters in the line of promotion, so reported in the seeond
class, shall be dropped from the service, and shall there-
upon receive one years'sea-service pay. The said board
shall be convened and regulated as the Secretary may di-
rect; and he shall ascertain, in such manner as he may
deem just and expedient, the service, standing, and char-
acter of the officers of the grades atore^aid, and submit
the same to the board for its better information : Provided,
That the promotion-* which may be made in consequence
of biK'h di-inis<als and withdrawals, shall reduce the grade
of commanders to seventy, which shall hereafter be the
number of said grade.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think we can get
a cjuorum at this moment to vote on that propo-
sition. I think we ought to take a recess of about
two hours, and by that time we shall be able to
get a quorum. I move to take a recess until six
o'clock. That will be an hour and a half.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will not be done. I
hope we shall go on with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
The Senator from Louisiana moves that the Sen-
ate take a recess.
Mr. GWIN. Will not the bill have to be laid
aside first ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not of the opinion that the motion is in order
whiie another question is pending, unless it is re-
ceived by unanimous consent,
Mr. COOPER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.  
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. If it is not in order to submit
the motion for a recess while the bill is under con-
sideration, I move that the bill be laid aside until
six o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now move that the Senate
take a recess until six o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly took a recess for an
hour and a half.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock, p. m,
light-house bill.
Mr. STUART. The Senate is somewhat thin9
and I presume we shall not wish to vote on the
Navy appropriation bill for a few minutes. I ask
the Senate, therefore, to take up and pass the light-
house bill. There are no amendments to it, and
there will be no debate in regard*to it. There
will be nothing but the mere formality of passing
it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. I do not
wish to have any light-house bill passed. At any
rate, let us take it in its order.
Mr. STUART. It certainly is in its order
now.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; we have the Navy
bill under consideration,and unless it be postponed
by a vote of the Senate, this is not in order. I
am tired of doing things by courtesy, the effect of
which is to get measures passed which I think are
bad measures.
Mr. STUART. I do not put it on the ground
of courtesy. The Navy appropriation bill was
laid aside by the Senate until six o'clock. Now,
it will require a motion to take it up again; and
before that motion is submitted, I move to take up
the light-house bill. We can very soon pass it.
There are no amendments to it, and there can cer-
tainly be no discussion in regard to it. The Sen-
ator, of course, being opposed to i£, may vote
against it.«
Mr. TOOMBS. Is not the Navy bill, the unfin-
ished business, first in order?
Mr. ATCHISON. The question has been de-
cided that when the Senate take a recess, they
resume business precisely where they left off, as
though no recess had been taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.WALKER.)
That is undoubtedly the case; but in this instance
a motion to postpone was made, and agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Missouri would be perfectly right if no
motion had been made to lay the Navy bill aside,
Mr. ATCHISON. That makes a difference.
Mr. STUART. Certainly it does; and now I
submit that it requires a motion in order to take
that bill up again.
Mr. ATCHISON. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the question is now on taking up
the light-house bill. The naval appropriation bill
was postponed until six o'clock, by the vote of
the Senate; so that it will require a motion to take
it up again.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for a division on that
question. That bill cannot be taken up until there
is a quorum in the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Nor can anything else.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Journal will settle the
question.
Mr. WELLER. I think the Navy bill was
postponed until six o'clock, and when six o'clock
arrives that bill comes up without a motion, of
course.
Mr. STUART. No, sir, it requires a motion.
Mr. WELLER. I regard it as in the nature
of a special order, and when the hour arrives it
should be taken up.
Mr. STUA RT. The condition of things is pre-
cisely the same as if the Senate had not taken any
recess, but had laid aside the Navy bill until six
