1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
§©S
died in the latter part of 1822. But it seems from
tne memorandum which has been found in the
book of the Indian agent at St. Louis that Beebe
made known this claim to the agent; and upon the
third page of the report in this case will be found
the following certificate to that effect. 1 will read
it to the committee:
superintendency of indian affairs, )
St. Louis, June 27, 1837. \
This will certify, that it appears from the records of this
office that a claim of E. Beebe against the Sacs and Foxes
was filed m it fur tlm following:
18)22.—For 22 head of eattle, at $28 $616
For 150 head breeding sows, at $8 1,200
For 300 head young sows, at $4 1,200
$3,016
GEORGE MAGUIRE,
Clerk Office Superintendent Indian Jijfairs.
As I remarked, Beebe died soon after these
depredations were committed. The affidavit of
Mr. Wells, the witness more materially relied
upon than any other, was filed on the 10th of
January, 1823, showing that the provisions of the
" intercourse act" were being carried out when
Beebe died; but in consequence of the inability of
any one to prosecute the claim for him, the case
was permitted to slumber from that time till 1836,
when it was again brought to the attention of the
Indian agent at St. Louis. The Sacs and Foxes
at that time refused to make compensation for the
losses which had been sustained, upon the ground,
as they alleged, that it was not their tribe, but
some other, which committed the depredations—
an excuse which Indians always make under sim-
ilar circumstances.
In 1837, General Dodge, of Wisconsin, at pres-
ent one of the Senators from that State, was di-
rected to ascertain certain accounts due by these
Sacs and Fox Indians which were to be paid out
of the annuities paid those Indians under a treaty
for certain lands which they had ceded to the
United States. Pursuant to this authority,Gene-
ral Dodge at the time made this certificate:
I certify that, in conformity with the amendment made
by the Senate of the United States to the second article of
the treaty with the Sacs and Foxes, of September 28, 1836,
and m accordance with the instructionsof the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, of March 22,18^7, an investigation of
the claim of the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe, late of
St. Louis, deceased, was had, and the amount of $5,770 40
(principal and interest) was adjudged to be justly due and
owing to the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe, late of St.
Louis, deceased, from the confederated tribes of Sacs and
Fox Indians.
HENRY DODGE,
Superintendent of Indian Jijfairs.
When this certificate or ascertainment of Gen-
eral Dodge was filed at the office of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, it was objected to by the
Commissioner, on the ground that General Dodge
had no right, in the capacity in which he went to
this territory, to ascertain spoliations that had
been committed, but that he was simply to ascer-
tain accounts due; and the claim was rejected
by the Commissioner upon various grounds,
the principal of which was, the length of tune
which had elapsed since the alleged spoliation was
committed. Now, I think that is not a sufficient
ground upon which to reject the claim. These par-
ties made application, as the law directs,-within
eighteen months or less, after the spoliation was
committed. Beebe died, leaving a wife and chil-
dren. There was nobody to look after his inter-
ests, and the matter continued in that condition
until his children grew up, some fifteen or sixteen
years afterwards, when they renewed the appli-
cation to the Superintendent of Indian Affairs, in
1837. It is the laches of the Government itself
which has occasioned the delay. They filed their
application; they made the proof; and they were
entitled to the money. Justice would seem to
require that they should be paid interest; but the
Committee on Indian Affairs, pursuant to the
usual practice of the House, have not recom-
mended the payment of interest, although General
Dodge recommended that it should be paid.
This, Mr. Chairman, is, I believe, a succinct
statement of the facts of the case. I have tried to
be as brief as possible, and it may be, that in my
efforts at brevity, I have not been quite as clear m
my statement as I ought to have been. I think
the claim is a just one, and that it ought to be paid
to this widow and these orphans.
Mr. SOLLERS. I desire to say a few words
upon this subject. I certainly have no particular
or personal objection to the claim now under con-
sideration. But there has been, from the founda-
tion of the Government of the United States up
to the present time, a distinction drawn between
particular classes of claims, which I think very
unjust.
tiir, I represent upon this floor men who have
lost an immense amount of property in the war
of 1812; and yet, although that property was ap-
propriated to the use of the Government of the
United States by the orders of their commanding
officers; although troops were quartered on these
men, and their houses and barns were made de-
p6ts for military munitions, there has not been a
single claim for compensation before this Congress
that has been passed upon favorably. All have
been rejected. Now, if a man in the South or
West loses a mule, or a cow, or a horse, he comes
to this Government and claims compensation for
it, and he gets it. Why is this? why this unjust
distinction ? Why should these people come here
and claim compensation for one hundred and fifty
" breeding sows," when we have lost our farms
and the houses that protected us and our wives
and children from the winds and waters of heaven,
and lost them at the command of the officers of
the Government of the United States ? I repeat,
that 1 have no objection to this claim.
I differ intoto^ Mr. Chairman, from Mr. Nathan-
iel Macon, ofNorth Carolina, who voted alwaysin
the negative. I, on the contrary, generally, if not
always, vote in the affirmative. 1 prefer to vote in
the affirmative; but gentlemen undertake to tell me
that these are claims which should not be allowed.
There have been claims pressed upon you, time
after time, sent in to you with the indorsement of
the Senate of the United States. These should
have been passed. In three or four of these I am
interested on account of my constituents. These
claims have been received here from the Senate,
and referred to the Committee of Claims. And
what has been the result? They have either re-
fused to pass them, or have not acted upon them
at all. Tnese claims are for property destroyed by
the British in 1812 and '13—when the army un-
der the command of William Brown, a captain of
the English Navy—came up the Chesapeake and
invaded and destroyed your Capitol. All along
the line by which they passed these mi screants
committed every kind of depredation and outrage.
They seized upon our property, and burned our
houses. One of the houses—for which compen-
sation is claimed—was occupied by the command-
ing officer of the American Army, and yet Con-
gress refuses to grant one single cent of indem-
nity. And yet if thousands of dollars of compen-
sation are claimed on other grounds, the Congress
of the United States is perfectly willing to grant it.
And notwithstanding, as in one of these cases, the
claimant's house was made the depotof munitions
of war, you refuse to pay him, and refuse it from
the great generosity of your heart. [Laughter.]
Gentlemen of the committee, I will appeal to
you to be just. Do act honestly in regard to all
proper claims against the Government. The peo-
ple of the United States expect us to act honestly
and justly, and pray let us do so. "I do assure you
that they appreciate the virtues of honesty and
justice. For my constituents, at least, I can say
that a more honest and just set of people never
existed in the world. [Laughter.] Butfromthe
action of the Government it would seem as if they
did not care whether they were honest or not. For
my part, I will vote for this claim now before the
committee with great pleasure; butif I do vote for
it, I hope the committee will also vote for the
claims in which some of my constituents are inter-
ested, which are equally just and meritorious.
Will you not vote indemnity for the houses which
were destroyed over the heads of their wives and
children; for the loss which they sustained in con-
sequence of Government officers converting their
houses into depots for muskets and cannon, from
which they fired at Brown's army ?
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Machen, its Chief Clerk,
stating that the Senate had passed sundry bills,
(all which were private bills,) in which it asked
the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. SOLLERS, (resuming.) I was about to
remark, Mr. Chairman, that if you refuse this com-
pensation, you do a gross piece of injustice. It is
unjust that the Government of the United States
should pay some particular claimants and refuse
to pay others equally meritorious. And why is
itso ? Do you imagine the country is unobservant
of such inconsistent action ? Beware! W.e have
a very shrewd set of people to represent—a people
who could, if they deemed it right, bringmore in-
fluence to bear here by the employment of lobby
members—a very important element in the Gov-
ernment of the UnitedStates,it seems to me—a peo-
ple who could employ an army of agents for the pur-
pose of conducting their claims, and pay them, too
—and I take it forgranted the agents demand pay
in advance; for they would stand little chance, if
dependent upon the favorable action of Congress
upon the claims—and it seems that the men who
employ the most agents and influence have the
greater certainty of the passage of their claims.
What is the cause of this system of claim agency ?
It is your negiect of action. For years and years
there have been just claimants before the Congress
of the United States; but they have gone away
with hopes deferred, and it may be, with hearts
sick—men who have as jurst claims upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States as ever a claimant
had against a defendent; and yet you turn your
backs upon them, and tell them you have not time
to attend to their matters.
In the particular part of the country which I
represent, I know cases of hardship I could pre-
sent to the mind of honorable gentlemen which,
could they set aside their political feelings and
forego their ambitiuus desires, would bring tears
in their eyes. There are widows, too, among the
claimants of which I speak—for there were pa-
triots in those days among the women—who nad
their houses burned over their heads, and they
have made application, year after year, to the
Government of the United States, for damages,
and not a single cent can they get. But let a new
ease arise, and there is no difficulty. Such cases
are not laid aside because they are ancient, not a
bit of that, though that is the excuse of some gen-
tleman for not attending to some cases. They in-
terpose the statute of limitation, even in many
just cases. An admirable set of lawyers!
But what is government instituted for, if not
for the purpose of doing justice to every human
being upon the face of God's earth? What is the
object of all human government, if notto establish
equity and secure justice to all parties, high and
low^ That is the object of all good government.
I say, in conclusion, that I have no' objection to
this claim. I vote in the affirmative for all these
things, where there is a shadow of justice to sus-
tain them. Let any man present to the Govern-
ment of the United States anything like a plausi-
ble claim, and I will go for it. I do not mean to
examine the questions critically. [Laughter.] I
vote for anything which any man presents to the
Congress of the United States against the Gov-
ernment, if it is fair.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, (interrupting.) Would
the gentleman go for these claims indiscriminately,
without reference to the number of claim agents
pressing them ?
Mr. SOLLERS. Surely that is a question
am not called upon to answer. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE. I understand the gentleman from
Maryland to state—I may have misunderstood
him—that claimants were successful in proportion
to the number of claim agents employed. My
understanding of the feeling of this House is, that
they are universally prejudiced against claim
agents; and so far has that prejudice extended,
that an effort has been made here, and successfully,
to exclude them from the Halls of the House,
without reference to the number employed.
Mr. SOLLERS. The gentleman from Indiana
has interrupted me by making a point upon me as
a means of getting his name in print in connection
with my own. [Laughter.] I shall vote for this
bill for the sake of saving the credit of the Gov-
ernment. I take it for granted that no man pre-
sents a claim upon the Government of the United
States unless it has some validity in it. That frauds
have been committed, I readily acknowledge, but
my own impression is that they have not been com-
mitted in the presentation, but in the exaggeration
of such claims. Were I a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims, I would do what I considered
was right and proper. In my own judgment and
experience, I believe that no man has ever pre-
sented against the Government of the United
States claims which had not in themselves some
validity, some justice, and some equity; and for
that reason I go for them all. [Laughter.]
