THE
SIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, DTCT
33d Congb-ess, Ist.Session.
MONDAY, MAY 29, 1854.
New Series,...No. 83.
sometimes three dollars, sometimes four dollars,
and for total disability, such as the loss of both
eyea, or both arms, or both legs, or both arms
and legs, they are allowed only eight dollars a
month.
Now, it is proposed to require these persona
not only to make out their papers to the satisfac-
tion of the Department in the first pl^ce, but pro-
poses to require them to go to the trouble and ex-
pense of going over the whole ground again every
two years. Sir, from the very nature of the case,
k will be impossible for many of them to comply
■with these conditions.
But it is only proposed to apply this principle to
those who receive their pensions under the general
laws. It does not apply to those who come here
to .Congress and get their pensions. Now, sir,
i venture to say, those who are upon your pen-
sion rolls under the general laws, are, in nine
cases out of ten, the most meritorious class of
persons, if restrictions are to be imposed, there
would be much more justice in imposing them
upon those whose cases have not merit enough to
make them entitled to pensions'under the general
Jaws, but who come here, and by sympathy, in-
fluence, or good will, obtain their pensions. Why
da you not require these men to make out their
cases every two years? Many of them have
received their pensions in ulter violation of the
general laws, and yet receive larger sums than
those who are regularly entitled to them. Now,
sir, I repeat, that if you are to require these men
for the little pittance you give them for their sup-
port when they are notable to support themselves
by manual labor, to be at the expense of making
out their papers once in two years, you might as
well repeal your invalid pension laws at once.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not intend to have said
anything about this amendment; but as the gentle-
man from Tennessee, who has just taken his seat,
evidently does not understand it, and as I am
myself in favor of the principle of the amendment,
I feel it my duty to state two or three facts in
relation to it. Now, sir, it does not require that
the pensioner shall have his papers made out
anew every two years, it merely requires that a
certificate of two surgeons shall be forwarded
every two years to the pension agents. To what-
ever extent the disability remains according to the
evidence, to that extent is the pension increased
or diminished.
The gentleman says that there is no increase
provided for. The increase follows as a natural
result. The report of the surgeons making the
examination will control the action of the Depart-
ment. If the disability has been increased in
consequence of wounds, the action of the Depart-
ment will, as a matter of course, be to enlarge the
pension.
Now, it was originally introduced into the Senate
as the gentleman from Tennessee imagines it is
now; but, on a very full discussion and examina-
tion, that body determined to strike out that por-
tion which related to annual examination, and
require only one solitary examination for the
purpose of testing the principle, and allowing
Congress and the country then to decide whether
it was a proper one or not.
The gentleman says, point out any case where
there is a fraud, and let that be examined into. Mr.
Chairman, I suppose that the expense to be thrown
on pensioners, under this section, would be noth-
ing. The pensioners of the country are not charged
anything for the authentication and preparation of
their papers. You do not find your attorneys and
agents charging for them, at least it is not the case
in my country, and I am sure that it is not so in
my friend's State.
Mr. JONES, |of Tennessee. By the laws of
Tennessee, the officers required to authenticate
papers for revolutionary pensions are not entitled
to fees; but there is no exemption from the pay-
ment of fees in the case of invalid pensions.
Mr, HOUSTON. In my country I have at-
tended to a great many cases of the kind, and I
have never charged a single cent. Nor have I
ever heard of a cent being charged by anybody,
83
either by an attorney, agent, or justice of the
peace, for the preparation of pension papers.
But admit that the expense may be a trifle.
What is it? Here is but one solitary examina-
tion required, and that is asked for the purpose of
enabling the Department to see what pensions are
paid undeservedly, and to decide that where there
was disability from wounds received in the service,
to the extent of that disability should the party
be pensioned upon the Government. If thedisabil-
ity exists, nobody desires to cutoff thepension; but
if it be true, as the Secretary of the Interior states
to us in his communication laid upon the table,
why should we propose to keep up the pension
when the disability has ceased to exist, and when,
if the party were to make an original application,
he would not be entitled, under the law or action of
Congress, to a pension ?
The object is not to throw heavy expense on
the pensioner. The object ia not to deprive him
of any kindness which the law has extended to
him; but simply to make a test by a single exam-
ination. If it be a good rule to apply to this case,
then it is within the discretion of Congress to
continue it or not, as they please. If the party
undergoing examination be found disabled, his
pension will remain as it was. It is to be dimin-
ished or increased, according to the report of the
examiners. I will occupy the time of the com-
mittee no further.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my amendment, and
ask for a vote on concurring in the Senate amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The forty-ninth Senate amendment was read by
the Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 5. A ad be it further enacted. That the competi-
tion of the special mail agent of the Post Office Department
in California shall be $5,000 per aiiuuin ; such rate to take
effect in virtue of this, provision from July 1, 1853.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not propose to debate that
amendment. I will only state that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a non-con-
currence in it.
Mr. OLDS. I admitthatthe difference between
the pay proposed to be given to the special mail
agent in California, and that given to the mail
agents in the Atlantic States, appears to be very
great. It raises it from $ 1,600 to $5,000. But
you must recollect that you require ahigherorder
of talent for mail service in California than else-
where; and not only that, but the special mail
agent in California is almost an Assistant Post-
master General. And then, the expense of living
in California is treble what it is in one of the
Atlantic States; and perhaps this $5,000 would
not be any higher compensation there than $1,600
in one of the Atlantic States.
Now, I will say one word more with reference
to this matter. The Postmaster General recom-
mended to the Post Office Committee of the Sen-
ate an increase of this compensation to $4,000.
They have put it at $5,00$. I am authorized by
the Postmaster General to say that he does not
consider $5,000, under all the circumstances of
the case, at all too much to be given to this gen-
tleman. It is very difficult to find the right sort
of person to act as special mail agent in Califor-
nia; and the gentleman who now holds that posi-
tion has taken it under a pledge from the Repre-
sentatives of California that his compensation
shall be increased to the amount proposed by this
bill, so far as their influence extends to increase it.
Sir, you need just such a man as you have got as
special mail agent in Calij|brniaatthis time. The
reletting of your mail contracts has just taken
place, and the new contracts are all to go into
operation in California in a few days.
Mr. MATTESON. I would inquire if the gen-
tleman from Ohio is in order ? Is there any ques-
tion before the committee ?
Mr. OLDS. The question is on non-concurring
in the amendment of the Senate, and I am speak-
ing in favor of concurring in that amendment.
Let me give an* illustration of the importance of
this officer. A certain mail contract was held in
California—I will not specify it—under a previous
letting, for $8,000. A combination had taken place
there by which the steamboats had been.bought
up, and those contractors put in a bid at the pres-
ent letting for $40,000. Now there were bids
given by men, who were not in the steamboat in-
terest, for $8,000 and #15,000, and an effort is made
for the relinquishment of the low bids'for the pur-
pose of getting the $40,000. Now, that matter
will come before this special agent, and X am au-
thorized by the Postmaster General to say, that to,
have such an agent as you have now will save to
the Government twenty times' as much as this in-,
crease of compensation will amount to. 1 hold that,
under all the circumstances, the amendment of the'
Senate ought to he concurred in.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to speak in opposition '
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. OLDS. I offered no amendment. I spoke'
in favor of concurring in the amendment of the
Senate
Mr. LATHAM. I move to amend the amend-,
ment of the Senate so as to increase the amount'
§100.
I will state to the committee that the' compen-
sation of this officer, at the present time, is $1,G0Q
per annum. The responsibilities which devolve
upon him are of no ordinary character. Califor-
nia being so remote from the seat of Government,
it is absolutely impossible for the Postmaster "
General to make orders as he can do in the At-
lantic States, and consequently a large'degree of
responsibility connected with the postal system
has to rest upon this officer.
■flie gentleman who has the charge now of the
mail agency in California accepted the office, not fit
his own solicitation, but at the earnest solicitation
of thedelegation nowin Congress. We all feel that
there must be placed in this office a man of abil-
ity, a man of integrity—a man whose character
is unquestioned, and whose judgment is of the
very highest order; and therefore it was that we
solicited the man to take the position which he
now occupies. I assert in my place, that there is
not a man in that State of any degree of respect-
ability whatever, and who is qualified to dis-
charge the duties of the office, that would think
an instant of accepting it at a salary of $1,6'00.
Why, you cannot get the service of a common
sales clerk in that country short of $150 a month,
which would make $1,800 a year. Yet the Gov-
ernment, notwithstanding' the responsibility which
rests upon this officer, gives him but ,600 a year.
The gentleman who holds this office gave up
a lucrative and profitable business, in which he
had to pay a clerk §1,800 per annum, at the earn-
est solicitation not only of the delegation in Con-
gress here, but also at the solicitation of the Post-
master General. That officer told me thismorning
in a conversation with him upon this yery subject,
that $5,000 would not at all be too large a com-
pensation for this mail agent. He stated that he
could not get an officer sufficiently competent to
discharge the duties of the office for a less suni;
and he further stated, that had it not been for the .
fidelity, the integrity, and industry of this gentle-
man, manifested in the discharge of his duties,
there would have been the most inextricable con-
fusion in the postal system of that country.
The Postmaster General further stated, that he
was exceedingly anxious, believing that Congress
would make a libera] appropriation for that pur-
pose, to secure the services of this gentleman,
because, at the present time, as the gentleman
who has preceded me has stated, new contracts
are about to be entered into which render it neces-
sary that the mail agent should be a man of judg-
ment, integrity, and industry.
I think it is right to state that the Postmaster
General recommended, in a letter to the Committee
of Ways and Means, that the salary of this offi-
cer should be increased to §4,000. He now desires
that the salary should be raised to $5,000, for the
reason that when he sent in a recommendation for
