2,l7i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
4
The second amendment of the House was to
amend the title by inserting after the word " Flor-
ida" the words "and Keokuk and Dubuque, in
the Slate of Iowa;" so that it should read: " An
act to constitute Pilatka and Bayport, in the State
of Florida, and Keokuk and Dubuque, in the State
of Iowa, ports of delivery, respectively."
. The amendments were concurred in.
T. BRONAUGH MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
Mr. QEYER. I move to take up a small pen-
sion bill from the House of Representatives—"A
bill for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh."
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to increase the pension of Thomas Bronaugh,
who is now on the rolls at four dollars, to the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence January
1, 1854.
The PRESIDJTO OFFICER. If no amend-
ment be offered, the bill will be reported to the
Senate,
Mr. PE ARCE. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted That the bill entitled
"An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the con-
struction of a railroad therein," which passed the Houm;
of Representatives on the 20th day of June, 1S.M, and which
was approved by the President on the 29th day of June,
1854, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. STUART. To what bill is that offered
as an amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A private bill.
Mr. STUART. I raise the question that it is
not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is in order. It certainly is not
germane to the original bill, but that is a question
for the consideration of the Senate as to whether
they will adopt it, and not for the decision of the
Chair. The question is on the amendment.
Mr. STUART. This thing cannot be done in
this way 
Mr. PEARCE. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. STU ART. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I will state very
briefly the reasons which have influenced me to
offer this amendment I am induced to offer it be-
cause it is known to this Housefas it was to the
other, that a bill which passed that House and
came to this, was altered before it arrived here,
and the change of language was such as materi-
ally to affect the import and operation of that bill.
The bill became a law-in a different form and
sense from that intended to be given to it by those
who passed it. The House of Representatives,
satisfied, from whatever cause it is unnecessary
for me to say, that their will was violated by the
change of language in the bill which had passed,
determined to repeal it. They have repealed it
to-day, so far as their votecan do so. They have
sent us a bill to repeal it. We have taken it up,
but its passage has been objected to, and under the
rules, it cannot be passed m the form in which it
has come from the House of Representatives.
Now, sir, I desire to enforcethe faithful observ-
ance of the language of a bill as it has passed
either House of Congress. I desire to prevent
that going into law which it never was the legis-
lative will should become a law; and I know no
way in which we can accomplish the object except
by putting it as an amendment to this bill. It has
often been done. Some of the most important*!
general provisions known to your laws have been
put upon private bills. You will find many such.
I will instance but one, the bill for the relief of
Chastelin, Ponvej-t & Co., which contains a pro-
vision regulating custom-house fees, and other
provisions of general importance. I hope the
Senate, in order to vindicate the purity of legisla-
tion, will adopt this amendment.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, it is not, per-
haps, the least important thing to proceed, in re-
spect to all business, with proper deliberation.
The House to-day have done what the Senator
from Maryland says they have done, and I shall
Mot travel out of the rules of senatorial order to
say anything about why they did it; but the Sen-
ator is considerably mistaken as to his facts, as I
shall show. For myself, believing that for the
Senate of the United States, at least, whatever it
may be proper for the House to do, it is fitting to
refsr a subject of this sort to a standing committee
of the body, to investigate it, and to see, in the
first place, what it is proper to do, and, in the next
place, what we can constitutionally do, with equity
and justice to others, I objected to the second read-
ing of the House bill.
Now, sir, 1 desire the matter to be fully investi-
gated by the Senate. Both the majority and the
minority of the select committee of the House of
Representatives appointed to examine the question
have reported that there was no improper conduct
on the part of anybody in the alteration of the
bill referred to. They did not report in favor of
repealing this law, but they reported a bill to the
House of Representatives to restore the word "or"
instead of the word "and" to the original bill which
passed the House. That is what they recom-
mended should be done. The House went on,
however, very much as the Senator from Mary-
land now proposes that we should do here, with-
out reference, without deliberation, without respect
to the rights of the grantees under that bill, and
without examining the question of whether the
title to the land had vested, and what the conse-
quences of the repeal may be, suddenly introduced
a substitute to repeal the law, and passed it.
Now, sir, I have made the point of order upon
this amendment, and I shall state a few more facts,
and ask the Senate of the United States to determ-
ine solemnly whether they will, upon a private
bill to grant a pension, in five minutes' delibera-
tion, adopt an amendment to repeal a law of the
United States making a grant of land to the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota? There is no parliamentary
law which will sanction it, and no gentleman can
say that there is. The Senator says it has been
done in a given case. That may be; but surely
he will not undertake to say that the parliamentary
law tolerates any such amendment as this.
Then, sir, why should it be adopted ? Is there
any pressing necessity ? There can be no change
of rights under the bill; for if the Territory of
Minnesota now possesses the title to the land by
the grant, Congress cannot dive&t it. That is
clear. If the bill which the other House has sent
to us be considered to-morrow, or if it shall be
deemed necessary to consider it at the next ses-
sional care not which, and I do not wish to delay
the Senate in its consideration,) it will make no
difference in the existing condition of things. I
say if the Territory of Minnesota holds the title
to the land to-day, it cannot be divested by any
act of Congress without the consent of Minne-
sota. If the Territory does not hold it to-day, it
will not hold it to-morrow. The law has been
passed and approved forsome time, and whatever
legal and constitutional effect that law had, has
been carried into complete effect. Now, I say
that whether this bill be passed three months
hence or to-morrow, that legal effect cannot be
changed.
Sir, I merely wish to do away with the impres-
sion which may have been made on the mind of
the Senate by what was said by the Senator from
Maryland, and, undoubtedly, as he thought, with
great propriety. 1 do not question that at all;
but I say the House of Representatives, by their
committee, have examined the subject, and both
branches of the committee have reported that no
censure attaches to anybody in connection with
the matter. There is another significant fact ac-
companying the transaction. The change in the
bill which passed, was made by the clerks under
the direction, as the testimony showed, of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives. He said
"doit." A resolution was introduced into the
House of Representatives to-day to expel that i
Clerk, and it only got fourteen votes. There is
the sense of the House of Representatives upon
the question. But, sir, it is very obvious how
this matter came up. There is pretty nearly, if
not quite, a majority of the House of Representa-
tives opposed to making any land grants at all as
a general principle. W hen a substitute was offered
for the bill reported by the select committee to re-
peal this law, of course those holding that opinion
voted to repeal it, and there, were votes enough
added to them to carry it a decided majority. :
But that proves nothing at all, as to the propriety 1
of the case. The facts are as I have stated them;
and, as I said before, 1 do think that for the Senate
of the United States to proceed precipitately by an
amendment upon a private bill, a pension bill, to
repeal a law that has granted a title to lands to the |
Territory of Minnesota, without reference, and I
without consideration, would be an act of legis-
lation unparalleled in the history of the United
States. The question ought to be considered, and
deliberately considered.
Now, my views are simply these: I think it
should be ascertained distinctly whether the alter-
ation in the law is material. I have heard the
opinion of many men, in whose opinions I have
confidence, on that subject, who declare that there
is no materiality attached to it; and that if the
word "or" were in the bill, instead of "and,"
the effect of the bill and its legal interpretation
would be just the same as at present. Then, sir,
would it not become the Senate of the United
States to consider, by its proper committee, the
question whether there was any materiality in this
act of the clerks of the House, or of the Senate.
Although, perhaps, it is wrong as a custom, a
committee that has been sitting for a week or ten
days, has solemnly reported there is no blame
attaching to anybody.
1 ask if it would not become the Senate to refer
this question, and to consider, in the first place,
whether the alteration affects the bill ? That would
be the first question; and if the committee should
report that the change of the word did not affect
the legal result of the bill, then the Senate, I appre-
hend, would take no action. If, however, they
came to the conclusion that it did change the
meaning of the bill, then would they propose to
repeal the law? I ask, if, because a single word is
substituted in a bill, and taken in the connection
in which this is, the Senate should repeal the bill ?
I will state the connection, as all the Senators may
notknowit. The effect of it is to provide, accord-
ing to one construction, that a company which is
already constituted by the laws of the Territory
of Minnesota, shall not enjoy the benefit of this
grant. If one construction obtains, that is the
effect, and it leaves the grant to be enjoyed in such
manner as the Territory of Minnesota shall here-
after provide. If the other construction prevails,
then a law passed last winter, by the Legislature
of Minnesota, constituting a company, has its
effect, and that company can enjoy the benefits of
the grant, subject to the control of the Territory
of Minnesota. Now, I ask you, sir; should the
Congress of the United States repeal a bill in order
to settle that question ? Is it a measure that was
ever heard of before ? Would not Congress dis-
charge its duty by passing a law substituting the
word which was altered, if that is a material one,
and give the law the effect which it is said the
House of Representatives intended it should have?
Sir, I think, and I say it with great respect, that
it would much more become the legislative char-
acter of the Senate of the United States to proceed
with this amount of deliberation. My object in
objecting to the bill which was presented here
from the House of Representatives, was simply
to ask its reference to a standing committee of the
Senate, in order that the question might be looked
into and examined and determined, and the opin-
ion of the committee reported to the Senate, and
then let the Senate say what it would do. Such
are my views of the impropriety of a hasty pro-
ceeding of this sort, that I have deemed it my
duty—a duty which, if I neglected to perform, I
could not excuse myself—to object to any action
here which should thus precipitately, and in a
mere stampede, (such as may have been the case
in the House of Representatives, but which I
never hope to see here,) repeal a law simply be-
cause some one or more of the clerks of one or
both Houses have made a change of a word, and
the committee of investigation have reported that
there was no improper motive in it.
I have given the facts. I do not wish,however,
at this time of the session, to detain the Senate in
discussing a matter of this sort; but I do wish,
most emphatically, that this subject shall be de-
liberately considered, and so acted upon that we
may justify our conduct to the country and to
ourselves, whenever the question shall arise here-
after. Such is my belief in respect to the impro-
priety of the course now proposed, that I have
raised this question of order; and I shall raise
every question that the rules justify, to prevent
this precipitate action.
Sir, I conclude by saying that the most which
should be done under any circumstances, would
be to restore the bill to the condition in which it
was when it passed the House, by substituting
the word " or" for " and;" but I do not think
