1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
sequence of that pledge, both by the Represent-
atives and Senators from California, that he was
induced to accept the office. I believed then, and
I believe now, that Congress will allow to him
that reasonable compensation, which the Califor-
nia delegation pledged they would secure to him
from Congress. I think that some credit should
be given to that delegation of understanding
something about the necessities which exist in
that State in reference to public affairs.
Mr. McNAlR. I move to reduce the appro-
priation contained in this amendment $1,000, That
'will make it $4,000, which I think is about a fair
compensation. 1 am well aware that a special
mail agent has a great many difficulties to encoun-
ter, and particularly in that State. I well know
that he has a great many trials. I know that he
has to be an "all sorts of a man," as an officer
expressed himself to me the other day; that he
lias to be an industrious and persevering man;
that he has to be a good lawyer, in order to under-
stand the United States laws well; that he is
charged with the duty of detecting depredators
upon the mails in that country; that he has to go
over the hills and valleys of California, in stages,
by night and by day; that he has to be, or ought
to be,almostomnicientand omnipresent. [Laugh-
ter.] He is required at all times to be present,
ready at a moment's notice, to depart for any part
of the country for the purpose of catchingrogues.
He has, of course, to expose himself to much
danger. He is liable, perhaps, every week or
two, to be shot down in capturing those who are ,
endeavoring to plunder the mails in California.
Every one knows that he is continually exposed
to all kinds of dangers and hardships. Now, I
think that such a man us that should be allowed
a reasonable and a fair compensation.
Mr. WALSH. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to permit me to ask a single ques-
tion.
Mr. McNAIR. I will allow the gentleman
with great pleasure.
Mr. WALSH. I want to know if the gen-
tleman's fears in reference to the danger to which
this man is exposed did not arise from his own
experience last session when on the Committee on
the Extensions of the Capitol? Because, in his
efforts to detect the rogues who were engaged in
executing that work, I understand he came near
being assassinated several times. [Laughter.]
Mr. McNAIR. I am very thankful to the gen-
tleman for informing me of the fact, though I as-
sure him that [ had no reference to any precedent.
But, sir, I think that §1,600 is entirely too little as
a compensation for this man. i think $5,000 is
too much; and I think $4,000 is just enough. I
hope, therefore, that my amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. LATHAM. I just wish to say one word
in reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] who, being a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and speaking with great
confidence upon this subject, his statements are
worthy of a reply. Now, sir, 1 submit that no
comparison can be drawn Between the compensa-
tion proper to be paid to a mail agent in New
York and one in California. Sir, we have no
railroads extending like net-work over our coun-
try, by which a man may travel with the speed
of lightning from one end of the State to the other.
The duties of this officer in California require ex-
cessive exposure and involve dangers and hard-
ships which have no parallel in the Atlantic States.
This gentleman is required to travel over a State
three ana a half times as large as New York. The
only conveyance for him, as a general thing, is to
ride upon a mule. He finds the cost of living, a
great portion of the time, about four dollars per
diem. I say, therefore, that it is absurd to talk
of comparing the services of a mail agent in New
York, or in any of the eastern States, or of com-
paring the compensation to which such mail agent
is justly entitled, with that of the mail agent in
California.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will state further to the
House, that unless some provision of this charac-
ter is put into the bill, the condition of my State,
so far as its postal system is concerned, will be
most lamentable. Why, sir, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Walsh] says there are many
men too stupid to discharge the duties of this of-
fice, and who hold office simply because they are
too lazy to go to work. Well, sir, it is to obvi-
ate this very thing that the delegation from Cal-
ifornia have agreed to advocate this amendment.
They desire to furnish a compensation that will be
sufficient to employ a man who is competent to
discharge the duties which are devolved upon him;
for no such man will undertake to discharge those
duties in California for the compensation now pro-
vided by law.
Mr. WALSH. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to say that I did not say these men
were not competent to discharge the duties of that
office.
Mr. LATHAM. The gentleman said they were
too lazy to labor for their own support. Now, sir,
I think that by adopting this amendment, you will
accomplish a great saving to the Government. But
I want to say another thing; it is just this: Unless
the Government make some such provision as is'
-provided for in this amendment; unless they pro-
vide a compensation that will employ a competent
man, the Postmaster General will be compelled to
send out some one there occasionally to regulate
the affairs of the Department in that State. The
compensation of such an agent, his traveling ex-
penses, mileage, &c., the loss which will result to
the Department, will be not $5,000 merely, but five
times nve thousand dollars annually. If you re-
ject this appropriation of §5,000, which is a just
and reasonable compensation, you will find that
the increased expenditure which will be involved,
will, instead of $5,000, be $25,000. I advocate this
amendment, sir, as a measure of economy, and I
hope the committee and the House will adopt it.
The Postmaster General thought that the salary
of this officer should be $5,000 per annum, and he
would have recommended this in the first instance,
had it not been that he was unwilling to draw any
invidious distinction between his highest officer
and this gentleman. As I remarked before, I am
authorized to state that he has been always, and
is now of the opinion, that the service of no gen-
tleman of ability, integrity, and character can be
secured for less salary than $5,000 per annum.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i would ask the
gentleman to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 hope that we may now vote
on the question, as it has, in my opinion, been
fully discussed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
wa& disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH. 1 move to reduce the appropri-
ation $100.
I rise, Mr. Chairman, without any interest in this
question other than that which appertains to the
members of this House. 1 have no feelingin the
question—none in the world; but I have some ex-
perience of California, having gone there to pur-
sue my private fortunes, and having returned after
a pleasant and agreeable trip. I say to this body,
from personal knowledge, that it is indispensable,
and perhaps more so in that country than in any
other portion of the Union, that this officer should
be a man of the very highest character. He has
jurisdiction over contracts. He has a great power
of collusion; and unless he be protected by agreat
deal of integrity out there, where every man goes
to make his pile, and where it is honest enough to
make money anyhow 
Mr. WALSII. You went to make your pile?
Mr. SMITH. I went to make my pile, but to
make it honestly. Agreat many go there for a
different purpose, and, as I know, especially from
New York.
Well, sir, this being the case, it is necessary to
secure a man of high character. You cannot do
that for the present salary. In this particular
case I desire the House to understand that there
is no proposition to increase the per diem. A
man here gets $1,600 per annum, and $2 per day
for his traveling expenses. In this case he is to
get $5,000 per annum, and only $2 per diem.
The $2 per diem will not pay for drinks. [Laugh-
ter.] I tell gentlemen that the man who is hearty
there has to pay very high for his living. 1 have
seen many a miner pay $2 50 for his breakfast.
You have to pay a quarter of a dollar apiece for
eggs, a half of a dollar for a beef steak, seventy-
five cents for a partridge; and when a fellow gets
thirsty, he has to pay a quarter of a dollar for a
drink, and short measure at that. What does
the gentleman from New York (Mr. Waish]
think of that? [Laughter.]
Mr. WALSH. What kind of drinks ?
Mr. SMITH. Good stiff drinks, and a quar-
ter of a dollar apiece. ,I mention these things to.
show that there is no comparison in point of im-
portance—and I speak in sincere candortothegen-
tleman from New York—between this officer ,and
the United States assayor at San Francisco. One-
sits in his room, performs light And easy duties,
while the other has, to brave the tempests, bad
roads, and all the dangers pi#ured a while ago by
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair.]
Five thousand dollars is not one cent too much.
There are many officers, clerks of theGovernment,
who get more. What do you think of the naval
officer getting $8,000 per annum? He is not nigh
as responsible an officer as this one, judging from
the incumbent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was at first inclined to vote
for this amendment; but if $2 50 per day is re-
quired to furnish the officer with drinks, I am of
tne opinion that it had better be voted down. I
shall vote against it.
Mr. SMITH. I am greatly surprised thatany
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
could be found to give such a reason for his vote.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate,
Mr. McDOUGALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
The fiftieth amendment was read, as follows:
Seo. 6. JlntL he it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, there shall be, in addition to the
clerks auihonzed by the third section of the act of March
3, 1853. entitled <c An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of Juno, 1854," in the office of the Register
of the Trensuiy, three clerks of class four, to include the
clerk now authorized to take charge of the redemption of
stocks ; and in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions
five clerk* of class two, and fifteen clerks of class three;
and said eleiks shall be paid, according to the provisions of
said section, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means have instructed me to recommend to the
House to non-concur in that amendment of the
Senate. But it is right that the communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury with refer-
ence to the clerks in the office of the Register of
the Treasury should be presented to the House.
{ therefore ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read the communication, as follows:
Treasury Department, MarckSQ, 1854.
Sir : You will perceive, by my letter of the 10th of Jan-
nary last, 1 recommended for the First Auditor's office, one
clerk of tiie fourth class; for the Third Auditor's office, five
clerks of the fourth class; for the Treasurer's office, two
clerks of the fourth class; and for the Register's office,
two additional clerks of the fourth class.
These additional clerks in tiie Register's office are neces-
gary for the better and prompt preparation of the statistics
prepared in that office; and it is desirable, if Congregs
grants this additional force, that it should be done as soon
as practicable, as the force is much needed in that office.
in the Sixth Auditor's office, the accounts of foreign
postages under treaty stipulations, and otherwise, have
accumulated to such an extent as to require a clerk of great
capacity and efficiency ; and the Department will not be
able to retain such a one for less than $1,800 per annum;
and no one of the clerks of the fourth class can be spared for
that position. T therefore respectfully recommend an addi-
tional clerk of the fourth o^ass for the Sixth Auditor's office.
The clcrk in the Register's office in charge of the stocks
came in under the provisions of the act of 1846, revived
by ihe act of March 3, 1853, classifying the clerks, and Is
only entitled to .$1,400, but was* paid $1,800 prior to 1st of
July lat<t, under an arrangement f did not feel at liberty to
continue. The position is a confidential one, and will not
continue after the debt shall be paid. In my opinion, he
ought to have $1,800 per annum.
1 am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R. M. T Hunter,
Ckabman Committee on Finance, United States Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I now ask the Clerk to read
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, with
reference to the clerks proposed to be created in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, in
lieu of the temporary clerks now employed. The
Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this part of the
amendment of the Senate; but I desire that the
letfer may be read.
Mr. ASHE. This is all out of order; and I
object to the reading of the letter. It is consuming
time uselessly.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the reading.
Mr. HENN. I think that the letter af the
Secretary of the Interior ought to be read.
