1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60S
<Jrove, at least, besides Mr. Beebe's, traveled along the
same track in the fall of' 1821, and removes an"y impression
Mr. Shull might make, by stating that Beebe's was the only
drove that passed through the Indian country in that year;
and he makes Mr. Beebe's lobs one hundred and thirty-two
head of cattle, instead of twenty two, as Wells believes
them to be. The loss itself is not established with any cer-
tainty; nor its amount; nor by whom committed. The
Indian admissions detailed establish nothing. Thes«e con-
versations with detached parts of tribes may lead to ac-
knowledgments by one individual, or many, against others.
The only recognition of liability by the Indians, entitled to
weight, is one made in council, when the chief of all the
subdivisions of a nation or tribe are present, and cognizant
of the doings of those over whom they rule. That is not
-only wanting here, but an express negation is twice given
to it m council by the tribes."
Here is tne chief testimony brought forward to
support this claim. Here are the facts in regard
to its origin and progress, tip to the time of the
presentation of this claim to the United States,
and the facts subsequently in regard to the action
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in this city,
after the examination of it in 1839. The result of
that examination of the evidence is adverse to the
claim itself, and for reasons which cannot fail to
satisfy the members of this House, if they will
examine it. I am satisfied, entirely satisfied, that
the claim ought not to be allowed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I expect to vote for
this claim. I expect to vote for it because I be-
lieve it is just. I desire to say, for the benefit of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Sollers,]
that since 1 have had the honor of a seat upon this
floor, I have objected but to one singleclaim which
has been reported to the House by any of its
standing committees. That case was the bill re-
ported by the gentleman from Illinois for the relief
of General Wool. I objected to that, because I
desired to examine the claim. I think that those
who have watched-my course here will bear me
witness that I have shown as much liberality in
sustaining claims brought by the committees be-
fore this House as any man upon this floor.
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman
from Maryland to a remark or two made by him
—that I interrupted him for the purpose of gain-
ing notoriety. I certainly had no such object in
view. My object was, Mr. Chairman, to give
the gentleman from Maryland an opportunity to
correct his remarks. I called his attention to the
remarks made by him, because I thought they
imputed improper motives to members upon this
floor.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would remind the gentleman that he must, under
the rules, confine his remarks to the subject under
discission.
Mr. LANE. I will do so, and in doing so
answer the gentleman from Maryland. 1 repeat,
I understood the gentleman from Maryland to say
that a man who had a claim here, upon which
claim agents were employed, was the most likely
to succeed. I deny the correctness of the impu-
tation. And I say here, that if the gentleman
from Maryland, intended to charge that I had any
object in view in interrupting him, in th^way of
gaining notoriety, it exists wholly in his own
imagination, and that there is not the slightest
foundation for it in truth. I had no such object.
Again, I understood the gentleman from Mary-
land to say that he moulded the opinions of his
constituents.
Mr. SOLLERS. I did not say so.
The CHAIRMAN. I must again remind the
gentleman from Indiana that he must confine his
remarks to the discussion of the matter before the
committee.
Mr. LANE. Iam in favor ofthifc bill, and expect
to aid in pressing it through this committee. But I
will take the liberty of responding to the remarks
made by gentlemen upon this floor. Mould the
opinions of his constituents! I suppose he means
he can mould the opinions of that portion of his
constituents, five of whom, under the provisions
of the Constitution, can only count as three.
Mr. SOLLERS. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. LANE. What did the gentleman say ?*
Mr. SOLLERS. I said it was the duty of Rep-
resentatives to endeavor to mould, but not to be the
servant of public sentiment.
Mr. LANE. I submit to this committee whether
I did not understand the gentleman rightly, as
saying that he moulded the opinions of his constit-
uents. I do not doubt that the gentleman from
Maryland has the ability to mould the opinions of
that portion of his constituency that requires five
men to count as three. I am thankful that I rep-
present no such constituency. 1 am here repre-
senting an independent constituency whose opin-
ions cannot be moulded by any influences.
Mr. HUNT. I rise to inquire whether the
gentleman from Indiana is in order in reflecting
upon gentlemen representing a slaveholding con-
stituency?
Mr. LANE. I say to the gentleman from Lou-
isiana that I did not intend to reflectupon any gen-
tleman upon this floor, and that J only desired to
respond to the gentleman from Maryland. There
is no gentleman present, I conceive, but what is
here as constitutionally as I am, with the same
rights upon this floor; but when a gentleman ad-
vances the doctrine that he moulds the opinion of
his constituents, i have a right to investigate it,
and to oppose my utter hostility to the senti-
ment.
Mr. SOLLERS. I have a right to say so. I
did not say, however, that I moulded theopinions
of my constituents.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman said, then, that he
endeavored to mould the opinions of his constitu-
ency. I say that I represent a constituency that
have opinions of their own. I came here to rep-
resent their opinions as their servant; and f do not
envy any man who comes here to dictate to his con-
stituents, or to mould, or endeavor to mould their
opinions. I say to the gentleman fsom Maryland,
that by the close of this session he will adrpit that
I adhere as strictly and strongly to my own opin-
ions as the gentleman himself, or any other gentle-
man upon this floor; and I not only will adhere to
them, but I will press them upon this House with as
much energy as any other memberupon this floor.
I think I have already shown this in my action
here. I have as strong a conviction as anyone,
that it is the duty of Congress to get rid, as soon
as possible, of these old claims that have been
presented here year after year. Either reject them
finally, and say that they can never come up again,
or act upon them affirmatively at once. If the gen-
tleman from Maryland will bring forward a just
claim of the character to which he alluded, no one
upon this floor will go further in support of it than
I will. I acted with a minority, a very small mi-
nority, in advocating the passage of the bill placing
soldiers of the war of 1812 upon the same footing
as the soldiers in the Mexican war.
The gentleman from Maryland 'says that my
object in interrupting him was to get my name
into the newspapers. I would like to know how
such a statement must seem to others, when he
gets up and occupies the attention of the commit-
tee for half an hour against a proposition, and then
closes by saying that he will support it.
Mr. SOLLERS. I did not say anything against
it.
Mr. LANE. X understood the gentleman in the
first part of the speech as speaking against the
proposition,and that he closed his speech bysay-
ing that he would support this claim.
It seems to me that if any one has desired to
get into the newspapers it was the gentleman from
Maryland, and not myself. But I impute no such
unworthy motives to him. That is all I have to
say.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask thegentleman from South
Carolina to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. ORR. I desire to arrest the personalities
which are likely to grow out of this discussion
between the gentlemen from Maryland and Indi-
ana, and it was, in part, for that purpose that I
took the floor.
Mr. SOLLERS". I have no wish to indulge in
personality; but I appeal to thegentleman to yield
me the floor for a moment, to allow me to set
myself right.
Mr. ORR. If I thought good would grow out
of it, I certainly should not decline. I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. SOLLERS. I did not say, nor did I in-
tend to be understood as saying, that I could or
I would endeavor to mould the sentiments of my
constituents. But, sir, I intended to rescue the
character for independence of a member of this
House from the imputation of being under the di-
rect control of a portion of hts constituents. Sir,
this is the representative form of government, if I
understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must interrupt
the gentleman from Maryland, The gentleman
must confine himself to the discussion of the
merits of the proposition under consideration. ,
Mr. SOLLERS. I am only answering an im-
putation made by the gentleman from Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can only
pursue the train of remarks indicated by him,
with the unanimous_consent of the committee.
[Loud cries of " Go on V1 ie go on 1"]
Mr. ORR. I desire to say that I think thegen-
tleman from Indiana misunderstood the remark
made by thegentleman from Maryland.
Mr. SOLLERS. I was going on to say that
this is a representative form of Government, and
that a man who undertakes to represent any par-
ticular constituency upon this floor, ought, in
some degree, to reflect the opinions of that con-
stituency; bnt whatever may be the opinions of
his constituency, he must be a miserable, pitiful
specimen of humanity if he cannot be allowed to
entertain and hold his own opinions. That is
what I say. And I will remark further, that any
man who is of sufficient importance to represent a
congressional district in this House, ought to be-of-
sufficient importance, if he is not, to mould, to
some extent, the opinions of his constituents, in
reference to matters connected with the adminis-
tration of the Government, upon which he is
called to act in Congress. 1 say this to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, and I will not take it back.
Sir, I would not come to this House—I would
not pretend to take a chair, or occupy a place in
this House, if I was not of sufficient importance,
if 1 had not sufficient intelligence—to mould, or
give direction to the opinions of some people in
my district, instead of being moulded by others.
That is what I meant to say, and what I do say.
But the gentleman says, I want to get into the
newspapers. Sir, from the commencemeni of the
session up to the present time, have I shown any
disposition to get into the newspapers? Havel
made a motion, except in one single instance? I
did, on one occasion, ask the consent of the House
to offer a resolution directing an inquiry into the
propriety of arresting the present unjust monop-
oly in the article of guano, which was ohjected to
by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dawson.]
The subject was one of much importance to the
whole farming and planting interests of the coun-
try; and the resolution should have been received
and adopted.
Mr. DAWSON. So far from objecting to the
resolution the gentleman desired to introduce, I
yielded him the floor for that purpose; and I only
took it again when I saw the matter was likely to
give rise to debate.
Mr. SOLLERS. It was not likely to give rise
to debate. There was not another man in the
House who objected. But I repeat, this is the
only favor I haveasked of the House since I have
occupied a seat upon this floor.
But the gentleman says I want to get into the
newspapers. I do not want to get into the news-
papers. And then he talks about my repiesenting
woolly-heads, if I did not misunderstand.
The CHAIRMAN. This discussion must be
stopped, unless it is the unanimous consent of the
committee that it shall go on.
Mr. SOLLERS. Well, sir, I had supposed
that there was such an instrument known m this
House, and recognized all over the world, as the
Constitution of the United States, and that 
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I have
none but the very kindest feelings towards my
friend from Maryland; but I know there is no
good likely to grow^out of this, and I must there-
fore ask that the Chair will arrest this discussion
before it proceeds any further.
Mr. LANE. I hope the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow the gentleman from Maryland
to go on with what he has to say.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot permit
it unless by unanimous consent.
[Cries of " Agreed !" and " Go on!"]
Mr. SOLLERS. If nobody objects, I suppose
I can proceed with my remarks.
Mr. ORR. I say again to the gentleman from
Maryland—I have not the pleasure of his personal
acquaintance, but I have the greatest respect for
him—that I would extend any courtesy to him,
but I am sure that matters are taking a direction
which will not result very pleasantly.
Mr. SOLLERS. Well, what matters that to
the gentleman?
Mr. ORR. If I can prevent any gentleman upon
