1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
that when gentlemen come to consider it, it will
be regarded as a question so very clear that we
can repeal the law, and divest a Territory or a
State by our own act of a grant which has been
made and taken effect. I do not think that is
competent for us.
Mr. PEARCE, Mr, President, I should not
now say a word but that it may be supposed from
what has been said that something fell from me in
relation to the parties concerned in the alteration
of this bill. I did not do so. 1 very scrupulously
refrained from making such a charge, for it is a
very grave charge,and not to be made except upon
the amplest proof. It may have been that this
alteration originated in a mere mistake; but how-
ever it originated, it is better, I say, that we
should adopt precipitate legislation than adopt that
which violates the legislative will, that legislation
in short, which carries into effect as a law that
which the legislative body did not intend should
become a law Now, sir, from whatever cause it
may have originated, it is very certain that the
bill which it is now proposed to repeal is not the
bill which passed the House of Representatives,
but one which came to this body in an altered
shape. Sir, if the Senator from Michigan had been
willing to argue this matter upon the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives to repeal
the bill which passed the House on the 20th of
June, I should have been quite content; but it will
be recollected that that Senator objected to its
consideration, objected to its second reading this
evening. To-morrow will be the last day of the
session, and if the bill had its second reading then,
he might object to its third reading. The conse-
quence of that would be that the act of the 20th of
J une would have gone into effect, and would have
been irrepealable. He says it is irrepealable now.
Well, sir, if it be irrepealable, no damage can be
done by the passage of this repealing clause, and
no vested rights, if there are any vested rights in
the case, can be divested by our action; but we
can now, as far as is possible, prevent the opera-
tion of that act.
Mr. STUART. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor one question. Is not the right of the Territory
of Minnesota to these lands vested now as much
as it will be ninety days hence?
Mr. PEARCE. I think not.
Mr. STUART. Then will the Senator tell me
the reason why?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know what the lan-
guage of the bill is; but whatever its language
may be, I take it an acceptance of the act of Con-
gress is necessary before the rights vest. They
have not had time to accept, and, therefore, I think
the matter is now perfectly within our control and
power.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I am in favor*
of this amendment, and I think we ought to pass
it now. The history of the matter is this: The
House of Representatives passed a bill making a
grant of land to the Territory of Minnesota, and
sent it to the Senate. That bill was changed be-
fore it reached us, it seems by misapprehension or
by mistake. I think it seems that it was not by
fraud. I think that is apparent; for the House of
Representatives who had the question under their
jurisdiction have so decided. But the bill was
altered beforeit came to the Senate. We passed
it; I think I voted for it; I know I favored it, and
I must have voted for it if I was present. The
House of Representatives have passed a bill to
repeal that law because, as it was approved by the
President, it did not represent their will. ^That
could n©t have been passed without expressing
the deliberate opinion of the House Whether it
was hasty legislation or not, it must have been the
deliberate judgment of the House, for it required
a two third vote to suspend the rales.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken. It
was done in this way: The committee who had
the subject under investigation reported a bill to
substitute the word "or" for " and," and that
bill was, of course, before the House, as it was
reported by a privileged committee, who made a
privileged report. When it was before the House,
a member moved to substitute a bill repealing the
law; so that it did not require two thirds.
Mr, TOOMBS. Well, sir, that committee
reported, and the House took action upon their
report, and passed a bill to repeal the former act.
They sent us a message suspending the rules, in
order to allow us to receive the bill. We con-
curred in that action, and they sent the bill to us.
They have declared to us that the bill which they
propose to repeal is not their will. They have
said they would not punish the actors in the alter-
ation, believing they may have acted ignorantly,
unwittingly, or unadvisedly. They acquit the
members and officers of the House, but they say
it is not their will that the bill should be a law in
the manner in which it was signed. They tell
us they are satisfied that these men did not act
corruptly, and, therefore, they do not punish them;
but they altered the will of the House, and hence
the House have passed a bill to repeal the^act.
They have sent that bill to us; but tJTe Senator
from Michigan objects to its consideration. Well,
sir, we have passed a great many bills by sus-
pensions of the rules and unanimous consent in-
volving very great principles. It is very rarely
that an urgent question is objected to here. In-
deed, it is rather considered indecorous; and 1 have
been reproached half a dozen times within the
last two days as being rather factious, because
1 chose to desire to understand the business on
which I was called upon to vote. But her^, when
this question is called up, the gentleman from
Michigan rises and says, "I object." Why?
Because he tells us we are acting precipitately in
this business. The House of Representatives
have had the subject under consideration, in their
committee, for one or two weeks; the committee
have examined the testimony, and brought it de-
liberately before the House; and the House acted
on it, excusing the parties but repealing the bill.
Now, 1 am willing to carry out that will of the
House if 1 were to ride over forty rules. The
gentleman need not appeal to me about rules.
Our rules are intended to do justice, but when they
are so often used, as they are in this body, to
arrest an act of justice, i will ride over your
whole Calendar, from number one down to the
last bill upon it, to do this act of justice.
But, sir, the Senator from Michigan says that
the grantees have rights under the bill which wan
passed. If so, let them go to the courts. I be-
lieve with the Senator from Maryland that they
have no rights until the act of Congress be ac-
cepted. I believe I voted for the bill, and I will
vote for it again. But, at present, when the House
send me word that their will has been defeated
ignorantly, or innocently, i will repeal the act,
and put it back whereat was, and I do not think
it would be respectful in us to do anything else.
That is my judgment.
Mr. PETT1T. Allow me to ask the Senator
one question. I certainly concur with him in his
views; but i wish to ask, do not all our laws,
like those of the Parliament of Great Britain,
take effect from the first day of the session? If
so, will not this bill and the repealed law take
effect from the same day?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think that principle
has been extended to the laws of this country,
but they are, according to the will of thelegisla-
tive body, from andafter the passage of the act.
Mr. PRATT. If they both took effect at the
same time, one would nullify the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the Senator from Indiana
asked me a question, which I answered as a law-
yer. I say it depends entirely on the will of the
Legislature. I believe it has not been the habit
of any of the legislative bodies in America, and
certainly not of Congress, to make their laws take
effect except from and after the passage of the act,
or at some future time after Us passage.
Mr. COOPER. The decision of the courts has
been that the laws take effect from their passage.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. I say the princi-
ple in American legislation is, that laws take effect
from their passage; but a wise principle is, that if
they affect crimes, they should take effect infuturo,
and the Legislature should set the time at such
a period in advance as to do wrong to nobody.
The old English idea of going back a year to the
beginning of the session of Parliament, was a very
unwise, harsh, and cruel rule. American juris-
prudence has put it on a wiser and sounder basis,
and requires that laws shall take effect from and
after their passage, or from and after a certain
day subsequently, if they affect the interests of
citizens. That ought to be the general rule. The
act which we propose to repeal, if it is a contract,
certainly will not take effect until it be accepted;
and I have^no evidence that it has been accepted.
I wish now to put things back to the condition in
which they were when the bill was passed; and
if it is wise legislation, I will pass it over again;
but when the coordinate branch of the Legislature
sends to us a message'first to rescind the rule, and
next send a biilrepealing the act, after the delib-
erate investigation of a committee, and they ask
us to allow them to do it, I will do it, if I ride over
every rule of the Senate.
Mr. GEYER. I rise for the purpose of asking
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. STUART. The question now is on the
point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the chair.) The Chair decided that long ago.
Mr. STUART. I appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. The Senator
from Maryland offered an amendment to the bill
now before the Senate, proposing to repeal a law
which has been passed at this session of Congress
granting lands to the Territory of Minnesota for
purposes of internal improvement. The Senator
from Michigan objected to the amendment as
being out of order. The Chair decides that the
amendment is in order; that while it is not strictly
germane to the subject-matter under consideration,
it is, nevertheless, in order and that the incongruity
of the amendment is purely a question for the
consideration of the Senate. From this decision
the Senator from Michigan takes an appeal. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. CHASE. To what bill is the amendment
offered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To a bill for
the relief of Thomas Bronaugh. The present
occupant of the chair will state that his decision
is based upon the practice which has prevailed in
the Senate as long as he has been a member of
this body. I remember a case which I will bring
to the attention of the Senate in justification of
the decision. An act was passed to organize the
Tenitory of Minnesota, but in the act no provis-
ion was made for an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the Territory. A private bill came
up for the relief of one Norton, I think, and I
myself offered, as an amendment to the bill, a
clause making an appropriation for the support of
the territorial government of Minnesota, and it
was adopted. Upon another occasion, the civil
and diplomatic bill was under consideration, and
I offered, as an amendment, a proposition to pro-
vide for the government of the Territory of Cali-
fornia. The Senate has uniformly sustained such
amendments as being in order, no matter how
incompatible they might be with the original bill.
The incompatibility is a question for the consid-
eration of the Senate, and not for the Chair. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr.'DOUGLAS. On a point of order so im-
portant as this, relating to taking a bill from the
table and offering it as an amendment to a private
bill, I should like to have the yeas and nays. 1
call for the yeas and nays on the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. A few days ago, a bill for the
relief of Betsey Nash was pending in the Senate.
It was proposed to amend the bill by taking from
the table another private bill upon a totaliy dis-
similar subject, and engrafting that upon the orig-
inal bill.
CLAY. Both were pension bills.
®^3r. CHASE. Both pension bills, it is true;
but they were distinct in their character.
Mr. SEWARD. One was a pension bill, and
the other a bounty bill.
Mr. CHASE. I shall not go into any discrim-
ination of that sort. Both were intended for pen-
sion bills; though one, it is true, was a pension bill,
and the other a bounty bill. TheSenate ruled that
it was in order to ingraft the one bill upon the
other. Afterwards, the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] moved a general bill for the
repeal of the fugitive slave act, as an amendment
to the bill thus amended. The then occupant of
the chair [Mr. Cooper] ruled that amendmant out
of order. An sppeal was taken from that decision;,
and that appeal was laid upon the table; but no
action of the Senate was had on the direct ques-
tion. I concur entirely with the Chair that this
amendment js m order; and it is only necessary
to look at the statute-book to find repeated in-
