©00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
this floor from getting into difficulties, I shall have
accomplished a good work.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then just sit down, and let
me go on.
Mr. ORR. "Very well.
Mr. SOLLERS. If any imputation is to be
cast on me because I represent what the gentleman
from Indiana chooses to call " curly-heads" 
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. I insist that the discussion shall be confined
to the bill no w under consideration. This is private
bill day, and must be devoted, under the rules, to
the consideration of private bills. I therefore in-
sist that the discussion shall proceed in order.
Mr. SOLLERS. I have'a single word to say
before the Chair decides the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
pointof order, and decides that the remarks of the
gentleman from Maryland are out of order.
Mr. ORR. There has certainly been more spice
introduced into the discussion of this little three
thousand dollar claim than I had anticipated.
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) I desire to say
one word, if the gentleman from South Carolina
will allow me. I have been most grossly assailed.
[Sensation.] My motives have been impugned.
My object in supporting this bill has been im-
pugned. I have been accused of inconsistency;
and I really think that if this House has a parti-
cle of honor—and I take it for granted it has—it
ought to allow me at least to make a speech in my
own defense. I appeal to the House to do me
this act of justice. 1 repeat, that I have been
grossly charged 
The CH A1RM AN. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Several Members. Appeal! Appeal!
Mr. SOLLERS. No, sir; I will not appeal;
but it is the hardest case I ever heard of.
Mr. EDGERTON. I insist on my point of
order. Thegentleman from Maryland commenced
this controversy himself; and if he is the victim, it
is not the fault of the House.
Mr. ORR. I am very apprehensive that the
committee is not in a very proper frame of mind
to listen to an explanation about this little claim
for $3,016, for that is the whole amount of it.
We have already consumed an hour and a quarter
upon it.
I will read to the committee a brief of the testi-
mony of "Wells:
"Mr. Wells, who was with Bpebe at the time, testifies
that they were met at the fork* of the Dos Moines river by
a party of the Sac and Fo* Indians, who commenced driv-
ing unci scattering their cattle and Im-^ ; that they followed
the smd Indian's two day* before overtaking them; and when
thpy came up with them, they found twenty-eight head of
cattleinthHi possession. Mr. Wells fuither states that,
after recovering possession of these c.itlle fiom the said In-
dians., they were still harassed by them ; and that they con-
tinued to harass and drive away their cattle and hogs until
they had stolen and driven avvav twenty-two head of cat-
tle and four hundred and fifty head of hog*. The depo-
nent fuilhei sjiatesihe value of the pioperty destroyed by
lite said Indians, the time expended, and the trouble had m
pursuing said Indians, and the actual damage of the inter-
ruption to Mr. Beebft."
Mr. SOLLERS. I rise to a question of order.
Fa the gentleman from South Carolina in order in
addressing the committee? He has made one
gpeech upon this bill already.
Mr. ORR. So has the gentleman from Mary-
land.
Mr. SOLLERS. Two wrongs never made a
right. The gentleman is clearly oat of order.
The CH Ai UMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maryland insist on his point of order?
Mr. SOLLERS. I do, sir, most emphatically.
Mr. ORR. I believe no other gentleman is
claiming1 the floor who is entitled to it.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true; there is no
gentleman claiming it but the gentleman from
Maryland, who has also addressed the committee
on this bill.
Mr. SOLLERS. I do insist on my point of
order.
Mr. ORR. The point is not well taken, unless
there is some other gentleman claiming the floor
who has a higher privilege than I have.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. SOLLERS. The gentleman has made one
speech on this subject, and according to the rules,
he has no right to make a second.
The CHAIRMAN, He has the right, unless
some other gentleman wishes to address the com-
mittee who has not already done so.
Mr. HUNT. I will say a word or two. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Lane] chose, in his
remarks, to reflect upon gentlemen of this House
who represent slaveholders here.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his question of order.
Mr. EDGERTON. My point of order is, that
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] is not
confining his observations to the subject-matter
before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Louisiana must confine himself to the merits of
the bill now under consideration.
Mr. HUNT. I have a right, Mr. Chairman,
not only to speak of the merits of the bill before
the committee, but I submit that I have also a
perfect right, when any false sentiment comes
from the mouth of another gentleman on this
floor, to correct that false sentiment, and to main-
tain the Constitution of my country as it was un-
derstood by its framers. Am I not in order, Mr.
Chairman, m that position ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I again rise to a question
of order.
Mr. HUNT. Am 1 not in order, Mr. Chair-
man ?
The CHAIRMAN. Let the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] state his question of order.
Mr. EDGERTON. My question of order is
this: That the gentleman from Louisiana is not
discussing the question before the committee. *
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to sustain the point of order that has been so
raised.
Mr. SOLLERS. Will X be permitted to ask a
single question ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maryland is out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair ruling the gentleman from
Louisiana out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky takes appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HUNT, (interrupting.) I was standing
on the floor, Mr. Chairman, when I was called to
order by the gentleman from Ohio. I have not
given way. I stand upon my constitutional rights
—on my rights as a member of this House—and
I appeal respectfully to the committee from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order, Mr. Chair-
man, to move that the committee do now rise ?
Mr. HUNT. I hope that motion will not be
made, but that this matter will be permitted to be
decided, as a matter of courtesy dueto the South.
Mr. COBB. Oh, never mind the question of
the South. We will have enough of that when
the Nebraska bill comes up next week. [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
has raised a point of order, that the gentleman
from Louisiana was not in order, inasmuch as he
was not discussing the merits of the bill before the
committee. The Chair has sustained the point
raised, and from such decision thegentleman from
Louisiana now takes an appeal. The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of this committee?"
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask for the reading of
the 35th rule.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman from Ohio has
no right to the floor now.
The 35th rule of the House was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
<c If any member in speaking or otherwise transgress
the rule- of the Ilouce, the Speaker shall, 01 any member
may, call to order; in which ease the member so called to
order shall immediately sit down unless permitted to ex-
plain ; and the IJou>e shall, if appealed to, decide on the
ease, but without debate. If there be no appeal, the deci-
sion of the Chair shall be submitted to. It the decision be
m favor of the member called to older, he shall be at hbei ty
to proceed \ if otherwise he shall not hej>crin>ttft1to jrro-
ceedin case nnv member object, without leave of the House;
and if the case lequue it he shall be liable to the censure
of the House."
The question now being on the appeal—
Mr. KERR demanded tellers.
Mr. HUNT. If I am to be gagged and choked
off from riehnte, I desire to say  
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman from Louisiana will suspend until the ques-
tion is decided.
Several Memeer«. Question! Question!
Tellers \pere ordered; and Messrs. Harris and
Shannon were appointed as such.
The question now being, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" it was put, and the tellers reported—ayes
52, noes-57; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUNT. I am now satisfied with this ex-
pression of the House. I consider the Constitu-
tion vindicated, and that this action is a rebuke of
the gentleman who has used expressions in the
way of disparagement of members upon this floor
representing elaveholding territory.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. LANE. I will say to the gentleman from
Louisiana, that if he intends to apply the term
rebuked to me for any sentiment Ihave uttered,
I laugh it to scorn! Yes, Mr. Chairman, to scorn !
I have uttered no expression intended to disparage
members upon this floor representing bond or free
territory.
[Loud cries of" Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the committee rise.
The question was then taken,and upon division
there were—ayes 72, noes not counted.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of Tennessee,
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 7J, noes 47.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole House,
to whom was referred the Private Calendar, had
had under consideration House bill No. 51, being
a bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Elijah Beebe, but had come to no conclusion
thereon.
THE GARDINER CLAIM, ETC.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
resolution, which I send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask to have read for information.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary hereto-
fore charged with the duty of inquiring into the awards
made by the commissioners sitting under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, to George A. Gardiner and John K.
Mears, be instructed to extend that inquiry to every other
award made by said commissioners, which may be sup-
posed or alleged to have been founded in fraud, or sup-
posed by perjury or forgery ; and that for this purpose they
have power to send for persons and papers j and that they
report the result of their investigations, with such recom-
mendations as they deem to be proper, in the premises.
Mr. STANTON. I desire simply to say that
1 have been informed, from a respectable source,
that testimony can be obtained, in reference to
other claims awarded by the Commission ap-
pointed under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
showing that they were supported hy frauds as
gross as those connected with the claims our com-
mittee were the other day instructed to investigate.
I desire to offer this resolution, therefore, in order
to s;ive sis the power to make further investiga-
tions. Of course, I know nothing about them.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received, considered, and adopted.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw from the files of the
Housethe papers in the case of Thomas C. Lyles.
Mr. EDGERTON. For what purpose does the
gentleman wish to withdraw the papers?
Mr. SOLLERS. I will tell the gentleman. It
is for the purpose of obtaining additional testi-
I mony.
j Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection, pro-
j vided copies of the papers shall be retained in the
| Clerk's office.
i Mr. SOLLERS. Of course I have no objec-
! t-ion to that.
There being no objection, leave was accordingly
granted.
CHEROKEE MONEYS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk to have read for inform-
ation.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Interior be, and he
is hereby, requested to inform this House what amount of
moneys have been appropriated, from time to time, for the
benefit of the Cherokee Indians east of the Mississippi
river, and for the Cherokee Indians west ol the Mississippi
river, and earned to the surplus fund from the year 1815,
to January, 1854, stating under what treaty or Jaw such
