1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
' M-r. PHELPS. I am entitled to the floor; and
I ask that it may be read as a part of my remarks:
' ' Depahtmest of the Interior. )
Washington, March 17,1854. J
Sir? Since our interview of this morning I have con-
versed with Judge Waldo, the Commissioner of Pensions,
and examined ^©.classification of the clerks in his bureau,
as made by the act or March 3,1853, and am satisfied that
justice to tfce.employeesjn his office, as well as a proper
regard-for the public int^st, requires some change in the
Dumber of elerks assigned to each class.
As at present arranged, there are^n the Pension Office,
exclusive o( the" chief clerk, forty-nine clerk*, classified
thus: ten of uifc'ffrst da«s, thirty of the second, five of the
third, and-four of the fourth. It seems to have been sup-
posed by the late Commissioner of Pensions that this num-
ber would bcsufflcient to discharge the duties of the office,
although, at the1 time that estimate was made, there were
about one hundred and forty permanent and temporary
clerks employed in the bureau. But,ltbeingfound utterly
impracticable to get along with that force, a sufficient num
ber of temporary clerks were, of necessity, retained. The
Commissioner is now of the opinion, in which I fully con-
cur, that a permanent force of about sixty-nine clerks, ex-
clusive of the chief clerk, is required for the prompt and
efficient discharge of the laborious and important duties of
that bureau, and that the increase should be made to the
second and third classes; that is to say, five to the second
and fifteen to the third. This would give ten clerks of the
first class, as at present; thirty-five, instead of thirty, of the
second class; twenty, instead of five, of the third class, and
four of the fourth class, as at present. This change would
make the classification of the clerks in the Pension Office
correspond somewhat with that in the other Departments
and bureaus.-
Of all the clerks in the Executive Departments, embraced
by the act of March 3, 1HC>3, I find that about one fifth are
of the first, one half oi the second, one fourth of the third,
and one fifteenth of the fourth class. The pioportion of
the several classes now in the Pension Office is about one
fityi of the first class, thiee firths of the second, one tenth of
the third, and one twelfth of the fomih cla«?s. The addition of
five clerks to class two, and of fifteen to cla«s three, as now
asked, would give to class one about one seventh, to class
two, fourth sevenths, to claps three about one fourth, and to
class fourth about one seventeenth, which is as near an
approximation to the general proportions as can well be
obtained.
Many of the clerks now receiving the lower salaries are
obliged to perform duties corresponding in responsibility
and intricacy to those discharged by clerks in the other
bureaus as well as thcirown, who receive the salary affixed
to the grade or class next above them ; and they perforin
their duties as faithfully and as well, and it is but just that
they should receive the same amount of compensation.
T would, therefore, earnestly recommend that provision
be made in the deficiency bill authorizing an increase of
the number of clerks in the Pension Office of the second
cla*s from thirty to thirty-five, and those of the third class
from five to twenty, us theCoinimssioner requests.
I am, fir, very respectfully, your obedient .servant,
K. W. MeCLELLANI), Secretary.
Hon. R. M. T. IIuNTrn,
Chairman, Committee on Finance, United States Srnaie.
Mr. IIENN. I propose to amend the section
by striking out the following words:
In the office of the Register of the Tiea^ury, three clerks
of class four, to include the clerk now authorized to take
charge of the redemption of stocks.
That will leave in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions five clerks of class two, and fifteen
clerks of class three. I do not see any necessity
for the increase of force in the office of the Register;
but I think there is a great necessity for an in-
crease of the clerical force in the office of the Com-
missioner of Pensions. I believe every man in
this House has had more or less business to trans-
act with that office. All who have had occasion
to do any business there have found that the
present Commissioner has succeeded in bringing
his office from a state of great confusion to a con-
dition of perfect simplicity afM order. 1 believe
every man who has had any business at that office
is willing to concede that the Commissioner would
not ask anything but what was absolutely neces-
sary for the public service. So far as I have heard,
he has, upon ail occasions, given the most perfect
satisfaction to all the members of this House; and
I hope that the clerks he asks for will be provided
by this bill.
Mr. PRATT. I fully concur with my friend
from Iowa [Mr. HennJ in the remarks he has
just made. I hope his amendment will prevail,
and that the section, as amended, will pass.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment proposed by Mr. IIenn; and it
"was agreed to.
^ Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend the remain-
ing clause of the amendment by striking out the
word <f fifteen," in the fifth line of page twenty-
seven of the printed bill, and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " sixteen,"so as that there shall
be sixteen clerks of class three.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] will allow
me to offer an amendment, perhaps it will meet his
approbation.
Mr. HIBBARD. I am very willing to allow
the gentleman to do so, and for that purpose I ask
to withdraw my amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
Mr. JONES. I propose to insert after the
word " pensions," in the fourth line of the twenty-
seventh page of the bill, the following words:
"in lieu of the temporary clerks now employed
therein," so as to make the clause read as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act, there shall
be, m addition to the clerks authorized by the third section
of the act wf Maich 3, 1P53, entitled (i An act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854," in the
office of the Registef of the Treasury, three clerks of class
four, to include the clerk now authorized to take charge of
'the redemption of stocks, and in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, in lieu of the temporary clerks now em-
ployed therein, five clerks, &c.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. JONES. Then, Mr. Chairman, I will
support this amendment of the Senate. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means non-concurred with
this entire amendment; but, uf>on reflection, and
on a more thorough understanding of the subject,
I am satisfied that the appointment of the regular
permanent clerks asked for by the Commissioner
of Pensions, in heu of the temporary clerks now
employed there, will be promotive of the dispatch
of public business; and it will be economical and
right.
Mr. STRATTON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee if it is proposed that these
additional permanent clerks shall be selected from
the different clcrks temporarily employed there?
Mr. JONES. I should think that these addi-
tional clerks asked for will be selected out of the
temporary force now employed in that bureau.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee one question, flow many tem-
porary clerks are there now employed in the of-
fice of the Commissioner of Pensions?
Mr. JONES. I do not know exactly.
Mr. WALSH. All Democrats here are tem-
porary clerks.
Mr. HIBBARD. I will answer the question
asked by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. A
week ago there were ninety-seven clerks employed
in the bureau of the Commissioner of Pensions—
fitly permanent clerks, and forty-seven temporary. ;
And I would further say, that the previous Com-
missioner of Pensions had, in all, one hundred
and forty clerks employed; and, without meaning
to cast any reproach on that officer, I would say
that the condition of affairs in the office when Mr.
Waldo, the present Commissioner, entered on
his duties, was six months in arrears, as I am
informed, and that he lias now brought it up.
There are now, as I have said, forty-seven tem-
porary clerks employed; or, at least there was that
number employed when I obtained this informa-
tion, a week or two ago. I trust, therefore, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
will be adopted in lieu of that which I proposed.
I, as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, am of opinion that the report by that
committee, unfavorable to this amendment, was
founded on a misapprehension of the facts, and
that it is a just anu proper amendment, which I
desire to see adopted.
Mr. STRATTON. I am in favor .of allowing
these additional clerks for the office of the Com-
missioner of Pensions. I desire, however, that
the Commissioner may be allowed to classify and
select them from the temporary clerks who are
now employed in the office.
Mr. I have but a word to say to
the committee on this subject. As a member of
the Committee of Ways ?and Means, I thought it
best not to concur in the amendment of the Senate.
But a man is never too old to learn. Since that
time I have conversed with the Secretary of the
Interior. I believe I can be just towards men,
and to the actions of men, everywhere; and I will
state that I have always found that gentleman to
be an honorable man. I have not, however,
merely taken his word on this subject, but he laid
before me the reasons which induced him to ask
for an increase of his clerical force. I am satisfied
that the proposition made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] m his amendment, is an
entirely proper one. I shall vote for it here, and
think that the committee will be right in voting
for it. I think, also, that what was struck out by
the gentleman from Tennessee is properly struck
out.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Ten nsssee. I want to propose
another amendment to this section. ! move to in-
sert, in line sixth, after the word " section," the
words " until the 30th of June, 1854." So that
it shall limit the appropriation made by this act to
the current year. It will then read:
" And said clerks shall bo paid, according to the prolus-
ions of said section, uaui the 30Ui of June, J 85-1, out of any
money in the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated."
This amendment is intended to prevent the
making of a standing and indefinite appropriation
for the payment of these clerks; and to require
that the sum shall be appropriated for that pur-
pose each year, in the same manner as is required
m reference to the salaries of all other officers of
the Government.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Jones; and it was agreed to.
,The amendment as amended wns then adopted.
The fifty-first amendment was then reported, as
follows:
Sec. 7, Jlnd be it further enacted, That the portion of
the seventh section of the act of the 26th of August, 1852,
entitled " An act to provide for executing 'he public print-
, ing and establishing the prices theicof, and for other pur-
J poses," which provides 'k that when any documents shall
j be ordered to be printed by both Houses of Congress, the
' entire printing of such documents shall be done by the print-
er of that House which fir&t ordered the same," is heieby
repealed; and when theie are different printers for the re-
spective Houses, each shall do the piinting winch may
hereafter be ordered by the House electing him, and so
much of the printing for the Executive Department* and
bureaus of the Government as is ordered by the said act to
be done by the public printer, shall be equally divided be-
tween the printers of the two Houses.
Mr. NICHOLS here obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor, in order to enable me
to offer an amendment to that fifty-first section.
Mr. NICHOLS. I yield the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I move (o amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words:
<k And so much of the printing for the Executive Depart-
ments and bureaus of the Government as is ordered by
the said act to be done by the public printer, =hall be equal-
ly divided between the printers of the two Houses."
There is, in my opinion, Mr. Chairman, a ne-
cessity for the adoption of the Senate amendment,
as proposed to be amended by the Committee of
Ways and Means. It is well known that at this
time a controversy exists between the public print-
j ers of the two Houses; as the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate have each elected a dif-
ferent printer. That controversy, which is now
being settled in the courts of this district, haa
arisen between them in reference to the printing
ordered by the two Houses. The law, under
which these printers are elected, provides that
when any document shall be ordered to be printed
by both Houses of Congress, the entire printing
of such document shall. be done by the printer
i of that House which first ordered the same. In
i the debates which have taken place in this Capitol,
; in reference to the public printing, it has been in-
| timated that there has been great haste on the part
j of the House, in ordering such and such docu-
j ments to be printed, in order that the House
: printer might have the printing, not only of the
j quantity ordered by the House itself, but thatsub-
i sequendy ordered by the Senate.
' Ajjain, the law provides that whenever the same
| document, shall be ordered to be printed by both
I Houses of Congress within three weeks of each
j other, but one composition shall be charged for the
same document. We propose that thatprovision
; shall remain, so that if it should hereafter happen
that both Houses elect the same printer, that prmt-
! er will be entitled to only one composition. Now,
; in the debates which have been had upon this sub-
ject of printing, it has been stated that this double
composition amounts to from $12,000 to $16,000
per Congress. That was the estimate which was
submitted by the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. Here arises a difficulty in carrying out this
last direction under the last provision of the sec-
tion which we propose to strike out. Under the
existing law (he departmental printing istobeex-
ecuted by the public printer. But there being two
public printers the Department has the right to
