2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
stances of such enactments. Private bills were
ingrafted upon private bills, and public bills upon
private bills, and private bills upon public bills,
and have been ruled to be in order by the Senate.
Whatever may be the expediency or inexpediency
of the proceeding, one thing is certain: that it is.
in order, according to the practice of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the precedent was
established the other day of laying appeals on the
table. I move, therefore, to lay this appeal on
the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a question of order.
Is that motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
decided the other day that it was in order; but for
that decision the opinion of the Chair would cer-
tainly be that it was out of order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have looked at the prece-
dents, and I find that that was the first instance
of ah appeal ever having been laid on the table in
the Senate. It may be allowed in the House, but
not in the Senate. 1 am often forced to vote
against my better judgment by subjects being
confounded. I voted against the claim referred
to by the Senator from Ohio, the claim of Mrs.
Batchelder, because every rule of the Senate was
violated in moving it as an amendment to the bill
to which it was moved.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of .order.
I say the Senator from Indiana cannot raise a
point of order on a point of order. Ho is suffi-
ciently acquainted with parliamentary law to know
that that cannot be done.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not raising a point of
order on a point of order.
Mr. WELLER. I moved to lay the appeal
on the table, and that question is not debatable.
Mr. BRIGHT. I raise a question whether
that motion is entertainable under the rules of the
Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules, after the decision which has been referred
to, that it is in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I ask whether the Sen-
ator from California has any objection to allowing
me to state, in reply to the Senator from Ohio,
what I understand to be the rule?
Mr. WELLER. Certainly not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was remarking, sir, that I
was forced a few days ago to vote against the
claim of Mrs. Batchelder, on the ground that it
was attached to a bill to which it was not germane;
whereas, if the proposition to give her a pension
had been brought forward as an independent
proposition, I should willingly have voted for it.
1 know, sir, that Senators are very much in the
habit of voting on questions of order in reference
to the effect which they will have on the original
proposition, but that is not my mode of legislation.
We have rules for our government, and we ought
to observe them. A proposition such as is now
before us is clearly out of order, in my judgment,
because it violates rule. It does not give Sena-
tors an opportunity of voting according to their
independent judgment, but it forces us often to
take one thing in order to get another, when our
judgment is against the one and in favor of the
other. It is a vicious system of legislation. I
think every proposition should come up on its
own merits. That is the object of our rules. If
we break them down by a contrary course, it is
our fault, and not the fault of our rules.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Themotionto
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. GWIN. I merely wish to ask whether it
is now in order to lay the whole subject on the
table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is.
Mr. GWIN. Then I make that motion, and
I call for the yeas and nays upon it. I do not
wish this matter to defeat all legislation.
Mr. WELLER. The question must first be
taken on laying the appeal on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say that he is justified in this decision, accord-
ing to his views. If the appeal be laid on the
table, it will carry the whole subject there.
Mr. WELLER. It was decided the other way
a few days ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It Was not so
decided by the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. This is the first tinfe in the
history of the legislation of the Senate that such a
decision has been made, that to lay an appeal on
the table carries the whole subject with it.
Mr. GWIN. If that is the decision of the
Chair, I withdraw,my motion.
Mr. WELLER. And I withdraw mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then theques-
tion is on the appeal. The Chair will state the
point to the Senate again. A private bill is under
consideration. The Senator from Maryland of-
fered an amendment to that bill to repeal the Min-
nesota land act. The question of order was raised.
The Chair decides the amendment to be in order,
notwithstanding its incongruity with the bill",
which is a question for the Senate, and not for the
Chair. From that decision of the Chair the Sen-
ator from Michigan takes an appeal. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen,Bayard, Benjamin, Butler,Chase,
Olav, Cooper, Dawson, J)udge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
(own, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gillette,
Houston, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Norris,
Pearce, Pratt,Rockwell, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Sum-
ner. Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and Welter
—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brodhead, Douglas, Jones of
Iowa, Morton, and Stuart—6.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the flouse of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a resolution to
suspend the 16th joint rule of the two Houses so
far as related to the bill of the House " declaring
the sputhern boundary of New Mexico," so as
to allow it to be transmitted to the Senate, and a
resolution to suspend the 16th joint ruleof the two
Houses so as to allow the reception of the bill of
the Senate " to change the name of the American-
built brig Glamorgan to that of Wizard," in
which resolutions they requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
Also,-that the House had passed the following
bills of the Senate without amendment:
An act to amend the provisions of the fifty-sixth
section of the act entitled " An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage," ap-
proved 2d March, 1797; and
An act for the relief of Syluanus Culver.
SUSPENSION OF RULE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution of the House of Representatives for
suspending the 16th joint rule, so far as relates to
the bill of the House declaring the southern bound-
ary of New Mexico, and the resolution of the
House of Representatives for suspending the 3 6th
joint rule so far as it relates to the bill of .the Sen-
ate to change the name of the American-built brig
Glamorgan to that of Wizard, and concurred there-
in.
T. BRONAUGH MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
The Senate continued, as in Committee "of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Thomas Bionaugh.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce.]
Mr. GEYER. On that I have asked for the
'eas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let theamendmentberead.
It was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jfndbe it further enncfed, That the hill entitled
" An act to aid Ihe Territory of Minnesota m the construc-
tion of a railroad therein," which passed the House of Rep-
resentative;- on the 20th day of June, 1854, and which was
approved by the President of the United States on the 29th
day ot June, J 854, be, and [he same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I understand
that the cause for legislation upon this subject
arises out of the fact that in the third section of the
bill granting land.to the Territory of Minnesota
for the construction of a railroad, there occurs this
clause in reference to the lands granted by it:
t£ Nor shall they mure to the benefit of any company here-
tofore constituted and organized.
The printed bill which I have before me reads
"constituted or organized." 1 understand, also,
that the House ot Representatives have had a
committee of investigation as to how the word
" or " was changed to " and," and they have re-
ported in feubstance to this effect: that the bill,
i
when before the Committee on Public Lands, prior
to being reported to the House, read as J have it
now before me, " heretofore constituted or organ-
ized," and also required that it should be sub-
mitted to a " future" Legislature of the Territory.
I understand the select committee reported that the
Committee on Public Lands had instructed the
word " future" to be stricken out, and the word
"and" to be substituted for V or," and that the
gentleman of the House having charge of the bill
did, in obedience to the order of the committee,
strike out the word " future," and supposed that
he had stricken oat the word ** or" and inserted
"and," but, in fact, omitted to do so. He re-
ported the bill to the House with the word " or"
in it instead of " and," and it was passed in that
shape. After it had passed he discovered his omis-
sion to make that change as directed by the com-
mittee, and he took steps then to ascertain whether
or not the change could be made.
I understand, also, that the committee, upon a
full investigation of the circumstances, after finding
these facts, acquitted the member from Michigan,
.who had charge of the bill, of any improper
motive in desiring to have the change made as
the Committee on Public Lands had directed, and
also acquitted the Clerk of the House; but they
thought, under all the circumstances, that it was
due to the House of Representatives that the bill
should be restored to the precise language in
which it passed the House.* They reported, not
that the bill should be repealed, not that the grant
of land should be revoked, not that the people of
Minnesota should be deprived of the grant of land
for their railroad, but that, in order to vindicate
the legislation of the House of Representatives,
the act should be restored, so as to read precisely
as it would have read if the change had not been
made. I am informed that when that bill was
reported to the House, a member rose, and offered
as a substitute a provision repealing the act. The
previous question was called for, and sustained,
and the amendment was substituted, and in that
shape it was passed.
Now, sir, the question which I wish to submit
to the Senate is this: The bill, as it now stands on
the statute-book, is precisely the bill which the
Senate passed; but if the word " or" be restored,
instead of the word t( and," it will be precisely the
bill which the House of Representatives passed,
ft is clear that it was the determination of Con-
gress to make a grant of land to Minnesota, in aid
of the construction of this road. There can be no
doubt upon that point; but there was this dis-
crepancy between the House bill and the Senate
bill. Now, it occurs to me that all that it is in-
cumbent upon us to do, all that we should do in
this hasty manner, is to adopt the course recom-
mended by the investigating committee of the
House, and to substitute the word " or" for the
word " and," so that the bill shall read precisely
as it would have read if there had been no change
made in it. That, of course, vindicates the pu-
rity of Congress. It vindicates the purity of our
records, and of our legislation. It carries out the
intention of Congress in making the grant. It
saves to the people of the Territory all the advant-
ages they expected to derive from the grant. 1
think that is all we ought to do under the circum-
stances. I move, therefore, to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland by striking
out all after the word u that," and inserting:
The word " and " between the words u constituted " and
" organized " in the third section of the act u to aid the
Territoiy of Minnesota in the construction of a railroad
therein," shall read 'k or," and shall have the same effect in
law as if the word " or," instead of " and," had be<en in
the original bill when passed and approved.
A Senator. And the word " future" before
" Legislature."
Mr. DOUGLAS. The word "future" was
stricken out before the bill passed the House.
The amendment I have proposed, 1 understand to
be precisely what the investigating committee of
the House recommended, after a full investigation
of the subject. Now, I think it is safe to follow
the report of that committee of investigation.
They gave the subject a thorough examination.
They heard all the witnesses. They had time to
deliberate on it. They came to the deliberate con-
clusion that this substitution should be made, and
they reported a bill to the House very nearly in
the precise words of my amendment, and certainly
it has precisely the same legal effect. I think this
; is all the Senate ought to do; put the bill in the
