1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBE.
60*
appropriation was made, and when carried to the surplus
fund.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received, considered, and agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I find that my vote upon the motion to adjourn
over, yesterday, is incorrectly recorded upon the
Journal. I am recorded in the affirmative. I
voted against (he motion. I ask that the Journal
may be corrected, so as to accord with the fact.
There was no objection, and the correction was
ordered to be made.
Mr. ORR offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the Whole
House,fib the bill of the House (No. 51) "for the relief of the
widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe," shall cease in five min-
utes after its consideration shall next be resumed in com-
mittee, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a con-
clusion thereon,) and the committee shall then proceed to
vote upon such amendments as are pending or may be of-
fered, and report the same to the House with such amend-
ments as have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion agreed
to, and—
At three o'clock the House adjourned until
Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 13, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
March 26, 1853, calling for the correspondence
between the Hon. Robert C. Schenck, Minister to
Brazil, and the Secretary of State, in relation to
the slave trade; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, made in compliance with a resolution
of the 23d of February, calling for the report of
the examination and measurement made of the
work and materials furnished by contract for the
construction of the wing of the Patent Office
Building; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message frorii the President of the
United States, transmitting, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the Senate, certain correspondence relative
to thearrestand impnsonmentof JamesH. West,
by the authorities at Sangua la Grand, in the Is-
land of Cuba, in 1850; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS, ETC. '
Mr. STUART presented a petition of residents
of Salem township, in the county of Wastenaw,
in the State of Michigan, praying remuneration
for losses sustained in consequence of the errone-
ous or fraudulent survey of lands purchased by
him; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying that a donation of
land may be made to aid in the construction of the
railroad from Cincinnati to Mackinaw; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented resolutions passed at a
meeting of inhabitants of Irasburg, Vermont, pro-
testing against the passage of any bill by which
slavery will be admitted into the territory north of
36° 30'; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Llewellyn
Washington, praying compensation for services
as clerk in the General Post Office Department;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, additional documents in the case of Seth
Ingram; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Onondaga county, New York, remonstrating
against the ratification of any treaty by which it
is proposed to establish an international copyright
between the United States and Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Syracuse, New
York, praying that measures may be taken to
secure the rights of religious liberty to American
citizens traveling in foreign counlries; which was
referred to the Committee #n Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray-
ing that a contract may be entered jB'to with Chris-
tian Hanson, for the transportation of the mails
between Brooklyn and certaitt'ports in Europe;
which was referred to the Conimittee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of William Rees, in behalf
of the Pacific Air-Line Compromise Railroad
Company, relative to the construction of a railroad
to connect the waters of the Atlantic with those of
the Pacific ocean; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Little Rock, Illi-
nois, remonstrating against the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also,- a petition of tobacconists, residents of
Auburn, New York, praying an increase of the
duty on all cigars imported into the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a petition of the heirs of John Robinson,
praying indemnity for property destroyed by the
enemy during the last war with Great Britain;
which wits referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, re-
monstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of B. Behrend and others,
German citizens resident in the State of New
York, praying that slavery may be abolished in
the United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. E YERETT presented the petition of Charles
Fletcher, of Kalorama, D. C., praying that Con-
gress would adopt measures for the formation of
a good harbor for the port of Washington city;
which was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, resolutions passed at a town meeting in
Westborough, Massachusetts, protesting against
the passage of the Nebraska bill; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, thememorial ofLieutenant M. F. Maury,
on behalf of the convention which assembled at
Memphis in June, 1853, praying that proper meas-
ures may be adopted to procure the opening of
the river Amazon to the free navigation of the
world; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Arthur Washburn, judge of Muscatine county,
Iowa, praying an appropriation to reimburse that
county for judicial expenses prior to the admis-
sion of the State of Iowa into the Union; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of William Y. Lovell, judge
of Dubuque county, Iowa, praying an appropria-
tion to be made to reimburse that county for ju-
dicial expenses prior to the admission of the State
of Iowa into the Union; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOUSTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Texas, in favor of changing the
port of entry for the collection district of Brazos
de Santiago from Point Isabel to Brownsville;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and oldered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of Denton OfFutt, in which
he offers to Congress to make public his system
of treatment of domestic animals, and his mode of
improving their breeds, for the general good, for
an equivalent; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Texas,
in favor of an appropriation to pay Messrs. Cooke
and Lockwood for damages sustained by the de-
struction of their property by United States troops
in 1850; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Texas,
in favor of an increase of compensation to the
contractor for carrying the msil from Austin to
Waco Village, in the State of Texas; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post OiSce and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Texas,
relative to a tri-weekly mail between the mouth of
the Red river and Hantsville; wiifch was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOUCEY presented-a petition of the legal
voters of Middlefield, Connecticut, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill to organize the
Territory of Nebraska in its present form; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of £fr-
fean Stoll, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
legal voters of Hartford, Maine, protesting against
the passage of the Nebraska bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, remonstrating against the
ratification of a treaty for a reciprocal international
copyright between the United States and Great
Britain; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented a
petition of members of the General Assembly of
the Commonwealth of Kentucky, recommending
the county of Hancock, Kentucky, as being a
most appropriate and desirable location for the
western armory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of citizens of
West Troy and vicinity, New York, protesting
against the organization of Nebraska and Kansas
under the law now proposed; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of the
rector and professors of St. James's college, pray-
ing a grant of land to every chartered college or
university in the United States; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY presented joint resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama rela-
tive to the repeal or suspension of all duties and
restrictions upon the importation of foreign rails;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FISH presented a petition signed by cler-
gymen of various denominations in New York
and its vicinity, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill for the organization of Nebraska and
Kansas as Territories; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, resolutions passed at a convention of cit-  
izens of Orange county, New York, protesting
against the passage of the Nebraska bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Lewis Ralston, praying remuneration for the loss
of his improvements contrary to the provisions of
the Cherokee treaty of 1835; which was referred *
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania in favor of the dona-
tion of one hundred and sixty acres of land to the
soldiers of the war of 1812, and the extension of
the pension system to them and their widows;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of H. Gold Rogers, late Charge d'Affaires
to Sardinia, praying compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of members of the bar of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, praying an increase of the
salary of the United States district judge for the
western district of Pennsylvania; which was re-
fened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHIELDS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Illinois m favor of the granting of
pensions to the surviving officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812, and bounty lands to those of the
war of the Revolution; which was ordered to lie
on tile table, and be printed.
Mr. SL1DELL presented the memorial ofW.
S. Parrott. praying compensation for losses sus-
tained m the city of Mexico, arising out of the
seizure of his property by the Government of
Mexico, in the year 1839; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
JVlr. TOUCEY presented a petition of citizens of
Connecticut remonstrating against the ratification
of any treaty by which it is proposed to establish-
an international copyright between the United
States and Great Britain; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the proceedings and
a memorial of a convention held at Washington,
