1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
no occasion,™ my opinion, hereor in thecountry,
to have it disturbed for the single and simple pur-
pose of putting money into the hands of men who
have been appointed under the law as it now is,
and entered upon their duties with a full knowl-
edge of what that law contains.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Putting money
merely into the hands of somebody! Into whose
hands is money put by this bill? I am amazed
at the argument made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] because I am conscious
that the effect of this amendment is to take a ter-
rific source of patronage from the hands of the
Executive. Although I am friendly to the Exec-
utive, yet I do not think that the power ought to
be vested in the Executive Department, or with
an appointee of the President, to enable him, by
his own will, by his own diction, to build up the
organ of one branch of Congress at the expense
of another. In comparison with the control of
such a power as that gives, what is the sum of
$15,000 in a Government like ours? Taking the
relation of the two Houses of Congress to each
other—each electing its own printer, the editor of
a paper—what is the sum of $15,000 in compari-
son with the power and patronage you put into
the hands of th.e Executive in controlling these
presses. Divide the printing, and when the two
Houses elect two printers, let the printer of each
House do the work of the particular House to
which he was elected. What could be more
proper than that? Would it not be far better to
do that, although you pay a little more extra
compensation, than to have these parties m court,
engaged in a controversy and strife about it? The
court have decided that the Committee on Printing
was the tribunal to settle this matter; but that
committee say that they have no jurisdiction over
the matter. I undertake to say, from my knowl-
edge of the subject, that the merits of the case are
nxainst the position of the Superintendent of
Printing; and though both tribunals, in the pre-
cise case that has gone before them, erred in the
matter, each one decided they had no authority to
correct it.
Is it not better that the printer of the House
should execute the printing of the House, and the
printer of the Senate the printing of the Senate,
unil that the printing of the Executive documents
should be divided between them ? I understand
the position of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] but I hope he is reckoning without his
host. He thinks the next House of Representa-
tives is going to be Whig, and that is the secret
of his zeal about this matter. [Laughter.] I
think he is mistaken. He desires to retain the
pi mting as at present, knowing that the Senate
will continue Democratic, so that, a Whig printer
may be elected for the next House of Repre-
sentatives, and have the whole patronage of this
t>.><I y. But, I repeat, the gentleman is reckoning
without his host.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now pend-
ing is the amendment offered by the gentleman
(iom New York, [Mr. Haven.]
Mr. HAVEN. I withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
iroin Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
Mr. ORR. 1 renew the amendment offered by
1.1)p gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.]
JMr. Chairman, I concur with the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Pratt,] as to the propriety of
the amendment which he offered 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. The amendment of my friend
from South Carolina [Mr. Obr] has been defeated
bef. ie.
Mr. ORR. No; it was withdrawn, and I re-
new it.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, still it is notin order.
M r. ORR. It is in order, and I have a right to
do it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
genileman from South Carolina is in order.
Mr. ORR. I concur, Mr. Chairman, with the
sentiment of the gentleman from Connecticut, that
tins amended section here is just as legitimate in
t'us bill as if asection had been incorporated in
it to raise two additional regiments of mounted
volunteers. What is the title of the bill? It is
'• A bill to supply the deficiencies in the appropri-
ation for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th
Jane, 1854." And yet you have an independent
section here, the object of which is not to make
the appropriation of a single dollar. No, not a
single cent is appropriated in this section which
proposes to repeal a material part of an act of
Congress on a subject which is wholly different,
and totally disconnected from the bill itself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it has been very much the
habit, during the last few years, to send back to this
House, from the other wing of the Capitol, bills
loaded down with matter illegitimate—which ought
to be out of order in any deliberative assembly at
all—with the expectation that this House will be
forced, by combinations of the various matters
introduced, to pass measures which otherwise
would be objectionable.
Now, sir, we passed this bill to regulate the
printing, as has been observed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] a year and a half
ago. 1 believe, myself, that it has worked well.
There has but one difficulty sprung up, and that
is a controversy between the printers as to cer-
tain printing ordered by the two Houses. This
is not, sir, in my judgment, a serious difficulty.
It is not a difficulty winch requires to be remedied
by os. And, besides, Mr. Chairman, if this sec-
tion be adopted in the way in which it came from
the Senate, it will devolve on the Government an
additional expenditure of not less than $20,000
per annum. What is the necessity of this addi-
tional expense? Is it simply for the purpose of
preventing the quarreling of the two printers?
Does this quarreling affect us at all?
Mr. COBB. Oh, no; letthem keep at it.
Mr. ORR. What, then, is the necessity of
changing this law, and devolving this $20,000 ad-
ditional expense on the Government? It might
have been proper at the outset. The bill should
have provided against any difficulty arising. I
think that the only arrangement which could have
been made, was made in saving the extra Sbst of
double composition in the work which the two
Houses might order to be printed.
But, Mr. Chairman, if the first part of the sec-
tion recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means should be adopted, there is no chance of a
controversy arising. And the only excuse for
making the change here, is, that the two printers
may, if the change is not made, continue to get
into controversies. But I think that it is time for
this House and this committee to assert its inde-
pendence. It is time that the committee should
declare its opposition, its hostility to this system
of legislation, which is to incorporate everything
into a deficiency bill, whether legitimate or illegit-
imate, and which comprises propositions to repeal
general laws, which,perhaps, if they were taken
on their own merits, it would be impossible to
get through the two Houses. I hope the section,
in the first place, will be stricken out; and if this is
not done, then I hope that the amendment recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means
will be concurred in.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and I simply desire to say
a single word in reference to it. It is this: Some
inconvenience and difficulty does ensue to the
House in consequence of the controversy arising
out of the different constructions of this law. A
few weeks ago oneof the printers to Congress made
an application to the courts for a writ of man-
damus to compel the Superintendent of Printing to
discharge h>3 duty in giving to him the printing
of matter ordered by the House of Representa-
tives. The court granted a temporary injunction,
which tied up the two printers; and neither of
them could do the work which was required, and
which we were all clamoring for every day. The
work which we wanted performed has thus been
stopped by order of the court, because the print-
ers were not allowed to proceed with it.
Mr. HAVEN, (interrupting.) And the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] says it was
done on his advice.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know on whose
advice the mandamus was applied for; I merely
desire to show that, under the present law, some
inconvenience and difficulty has ensued in the
printing ordered by this House.
Mr. DEAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] if the injunction
t>f which he speaks has not been dissolved?
■ Mr. STANTON. It was dissolved; but the
injunction created a delay in the public printing of
a week or more.
Mr. ORR. If there is no objection, I will witli-
diaw my amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BARRY. It seems to me that this is merely
a contest and squabble between two public print-
ers, in which neither this House nor the Senate
have any interest; for, by whomsoever the printing
is done, it is well done.
I submit this further proposition: If there is a
suit pending upon the construction of a law which
has been passed by Congress, whether it is com-
petent for Congress to step m and .settle the diffi-
culty by passing another law, or giving a con-
struction to the existing law? Rights have already
accrued under the law as it was passed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
That is not contemplated by this amendment. Its
provisions are to apply hereafter.
Mr. BARRY. The reason alleged for passing
this amendment is, that difficulties have-arisen
between the printers already elected; and 1 sup-
posed the inference to be, that the object of the
amendment was to settle those difficulties.
Mr. STANTON. Not at'all. The object is
to prevent future difficulties.
Mr. BARRY. Then there is no necessity
whatever for the passage of a law. The solepur-
pose seems to be to pay §25,000 for fear that the
printers of the two Houses may have a contest—
about what? About what they are to receive for
doing the public printing. If they are so well
paid that "they can afford to spend a portion of
theirreceipts in litigation, what business is that to
the Senate and the House? It is admitted that,
under the present law, their duties are well dis-
charged. But it is said that the object is to pre-
vent the possibility of future difficulties; and they
are willing to incur $20,000 additional expense for
that.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
would say to the gentleman that the printing of
the agricultural part of the Patent Office report
is hung up in the Supreme Court, and 1 do not
believe that the matter can be decided at this term.
Is not that an inconvenience to the House, the
Senate, and the country ? Is it not an incon-
venience which ought to be avoided in future?
The object of this amendment is to provide against
the recurrence of such an evil.
Mr. BARRY. I do not know how Congress
can prevent the printers of the two Houses, who
are waxing fat upon the profits of that print-
ing and that of the Departments, from spending
as much as they please in litigation. If the object
is to prevent the possibility of future litigation, 1
know of no way to accomplish that object, except
by paying them so little that they will become so
poor that they cannot litigate further.
Mr. ORR. I desire to make one additional
remark. If there be a defect in the existing law,
the Committee on Printing ought to be aware of
the fact. They are specially charged with that
duty. Let that committee bring in a bill to
f amend the law, wherever there exists a defect;
but let us not attempt, in this side-bar sort of a
way, to change the law, when we cannot have
the opportunity to investigate the subject, and
before the Matter has been referred to tiie Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HAVEN. And let me add to the remarks
of the gentleman from South Carolina by say-
ing, that by the rules of the House, a report from
that committee is admitted at any time, and the
report so made takes precedence of any other
subject.
Mr.STANTON, of Kentucky. But that com-
mittee has no right to originate anything, but can
only act upon matters which are referred to them.
That is provided for by the law of the land, as
well as by the rules of the House.
Mr. ORR. Would not this very thing give.
that committee sufficient grounds to report a bill?
Mr. STANTON. Not at all. We have no
jurisdiction over it—none in the world.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BARRY. If there is no objection, I will
withdraw it.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
