608
THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
4
Arkansas, in relation to the removal of the Red
river raft; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Mar-
garet Johnstone, widow of a soldier of the Army,
who was accidentally shot by another soldier on
duty, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the pension allowed Wyman Badger "may be in-
creased; which was referred to'the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of citizens of
Alexandria, Virginia, in favor of the adoption of
measures to secure to American citizens abroad the
rights of religious liberty; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER presented the following peti-
tions and resolutions, &c., protesting against the
passage of the bill to organize the Territory of
Nebraska; which were ordered to lie on the table:
Resolutions passed at a meeting of the citizens
of Lawrence, Massachusetts;
Resolutions passed at a meeting of the citizens
of Westborough, Massachusetts;
Remonstrance of the inhabitants of Wrenthiam,
Massachusetts;
Petition of citizens of Fall River, Massachu-
setts;
Petition of citizens of Bedford, Massachusetts;
Petition of legal voters of Methuen, Massachu-
setts;
Petition of citizens of Watertown, Massachu-
setts;
Petition of legal voters of Marlborough, Mas-
sachusetts;
Resolutions passed at a meeting of legal voters
of Concord, Massachusetts;
Petition of citizens of Petersham, Massachu-
setts;
Resolutions passed at a meeting of the citizens
of Sheffield, Massachusetts;
Resolutions passed at a meeting of the citizens
of Westminster, Massachusetts;
Resolutions passed at a meeting of the inhabit-
ants of Fitchbuig, Massachusetts;
Petition of the inhabitants of the town of South-
wick, Massachusetts; and
Petition of ladies of Shelburne Falls, Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Augusta, Maine, praying an immediate
and unconditional repeal of the compromise acts
of 1850; which was ordered to lie on the table.
CANAL AROUND NIAGARA FALLS.
Mr. FISH. I desire to present two petitions
of merchants of the city of New York, asking for
an appropriation for the construction of a canal
around Niagara Falls, which I ask may be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT. They will be so referred,
if there be no objection.
Mr. FISH. Two similar petitions, which were j
heretofore presented, have been ordered to lie upon
the table. I ask that they may be referred to the
same committee.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
they will be taken from the table and so referred.
Mr. STUART. I would inquire whether these
petitions are like the one which was reported back
from the Committee on Public Lands asking a
grant of public lands for the purpose?
Mr. FISH. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. Then I do not think it right
that they should go the Committee on Commerce.
It does not seem to me that that committee has
anything to do with the question of granting pub-
lic lands.
Mr. FISH. The petitions ask for a grant to
aid in the construction of a work of internal im-
provements. The Committee on Commerce has
invariably had subjects of that nature referred to
them. Whether the grant is asked for in the shape
of public lands or money for this purpose, it seems
to me it is not necessary now to inquire, as the
•Committee on Commerce have invariably had sub-
jects of internal improvements under their consid-
eration. For that reason 1 think it the appropriate
committee to which the memorials should be re-
ferred.
Mr. STUART. I do not know, sir, whether
it may be important to settle this question now,
but it seems to me that there is some importance
in referring to the appropriate committees the sub-
jects which belong to them. Now, sir, I cannot
conceive any propriety in sending to the Commit-
tee on Commerce petitions which ask for a grant
of public lands to aid m the construction of a ship
canal around the Falls#of Niagara, or any other
work of internal improvement. It is conceded
that the subject belongs to the Committee on
Commerce if the appropriation asked for be that
of money; but in the petitions which were sent to
the Committee on Public Lands, the aid asked for
was a grant of the public lands. I learned from
the Senator from New York that this is the char-
acter of these petitions, and I do think that to send
that subject to the Committee on Commerce is
certainly in direct contravention of the rules of
the Senate; and such being the case, I feel myself
bound to make at least a protest against it. As
far as I am concerned individually, it makes no
difference as to my views, for I am on both those
committees; but I think there is a practical im-
portance in keeping these subjects before the com-
mittees to which they respectively belong.
In this instance the Committee on Public Lands
determined that a grant of land ought not to be
made, and therefore instructed me to report back
the petitions, and ask to be discharged from their
consideration. I did so, and the committee were
discharged. Now it is sought to review the same
question before another committee of the Senate,
and before a committee to which the subject does
not properly belong. I cannotagree with the Sen-
ator from New York that it is proper to send these
petitions to the Committee on Commerce, because
they may propose or recommend an appropriation
of money for this object. Sir, 1 think it would
be right to leave that committee to consider pe-
titions and memorials which ask for a grant of
money, but not those which ask for a grant of land.
Such seems to me to be the proper view of the
question.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, it is true that these
petitions ask for lands, but it by no means follows
that Congress is to grant lands. Congress may
grant the aid in such form as to it seems proper.
The Committee on Public Lands have reported
adversely to a grant of lands. The object sought
is one of internal improvement, similar to those
works which Congress has aided in various ways,
sometimes by grants of land, and sometimes by
grants of money. The Committee on Public
Lands having decided that,m their judgment, aid
in land is not appropriate, does not by any means
preclude the whole question. The Senate may
! think differently from that committee, and the
i Committee on Commerce may very properly think
that, although it would not be proper to grant
I lands, still a grant of money should be made.
I The object sought, in these petitions is an import-
I ant one, and surely it should not be precluded an
i opportunity of being presented to the Senate on a
mere technical question. Because an inappropri-
ate committee has reported adversely, it is no
reason that the committee to which the subject le-
gitimately pertains should not have an opportunity
of passing upon it, and recommending a money
appropriation, if they think proper. I hope the
Senate will allow the reference which I have pro-
posed. The subject is already before the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and I only propose to send
to that committee further petitions on a subject
which they are now considering.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this subject
was brought before the Senate at the last session.
A number of memorials were presented to the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, but it was too late in that session for the
committee to take them up, and the subject, there-
fore, fell through. Early m this session a large
number of memorials—I do not know how many,
I I should think a hundred—were presented here,
j and all of them,%ith only two or three exceptions
that I know of, were referred to the Committee
i on Commerce. This being so, the subject is under
the consideration of that committee. Represent-
ing, as 1 do, constituents who are deeply inter-
; ested in the subject, and being a member of that
committee, I desire that no conclusion may be
I drawn adverse to the consideration of the subject
i by the Committee on Commerce, who have it in
charge. I hope, therefore, that these petitions
will go to that committee.
The question is, what is the principle, and what
is the incident? The principle is the construction
of the canal around the Falls of Niagara for the
benefit of commerce. The incident is the means
or funds which shall be used for that purpose.
This is a fair subject for the action of the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and, for one, as a member of
that committee, I desire that we may be allowed
to prosecute our inquiry in regard to it, and bring
the subject before the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, if I did not
think there was more importance in this question
than- the mere reference of these memorials, I cer-
tainly should not have said a word upon the sub-
ject. Now, sir, let us look at this question prac-
tically. Any Senator may introduce a resolution
and have it referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, asking them to consider the propriety of
making a grant to construct a canal around the
Falls of Niagara. That can be done on any morn-
ing, and that would bring the subject legitimately
and properly before that committee. It is one over
which they have cognizance by the rules of the
Senate; but the question presented here is, whether
you will refer to the Committee on Commerce a
subject over which they have no jurisdiction what-
ever by the rules of the Senate? If the Senate will
do it in this instance, they will do it in any other,
and the consequences can be conceived at a glance
by any Senator present.
I think there isa manifest importance in confin-
ing the business of the Senate to the committees
respectively to which that business belongs, keep-
ing each committee strictly within its own sphere,
and not permitting any conflict of jurisdiction at
all. It is for that reason that I made the sugges-
tion which 1 did in the outset; and I wish to take
the sense of the Senate on that question, and that
alone. I do not wish to embarrass this proposi-
tion in any way; for I trust no man would be
more gratified to see a canal constructed around
the Falls of Niagara than I would. That question
is not involved now, but the simple question is,
whether you will keep the business of the Senate
before the committees to which it properly belongs;
and for the purpose of testing that question, I
move that these petitions lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
York has moved that the petitions be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART. I move that they lie on the
table.
Mr. FISH. The petitions which I presented
this morning, I understand, have already been
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I then
moved to take up two petitions on the same sub-
ject, which had heretofore been ordered-to lie on
the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
York is right.
Mr. STUART. I do not know how, then, the
matter is to be reached; but it was stated, as I un-
derstood, that those petitions would be referred to
that committee unless there was objection. I
rose and made objection.
The PRESIDENT. Perhaps the Senator from
Michigan is right. The chair will put the motion
to lay the petitions on the table.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—[Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Rajard, Blown, But-
ler, Clay, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Geyer, Houston, John-
son, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidel!, Stuart, and Walker—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Brodhead, Chase, Everett, Fes-
senden, Fish, Fitzpatnek, Foot, Gvvin, Jones of Fowa,
Noi ris, l'earce, Iiu k, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Thompson
of Kentucky, Wade, Welter, and Williams—20.  
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
referring the petitions to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WALKER. I agree with my colleague
on the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Stuart,]
that these petitions, if they relate to a grant of
public lands, and should be referred to any com-
mittee, ought to go to the Committee on Public
Lands. What difference is there between this
proposition and any one of those which have been
sent to that committee, without objection, during
the present session ? Every proposition to grant
lands for railroads has gone to it without a dis-
senting voice. This subject also went to the same
committee, which reported against the proposition.
Now, if I can understand this proposition to mean
