2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
it to the House, and await,for a reasonable time,
the action of the House. I think there can be no
objection to that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do make objection to
that. I object to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois. I am satisfied with the amendment
as it was first offered by the Senator from Mary-
land. I will, in a few words, give my reasons for
thuT position.
I think, sir, that the House of Representatives
has an undoubted right to demand, at the hands
of this body, full control over the legislation which
has passed through that body by surprise, fr^gd,
ignorance, or whatever cause you please to attrib-
ute it to. The House of Representatives passed a
bill in a particular form. The Senate passed the
same bill in another form. Therefore, under the
Constitution of the United States, that bill never
became the law of the land, even after the signa-
ture of the President. A subaltern officer of one
of the two branched of Congress (I do not know
who he is, and I do not care for what cause) altered
the bill which the House of Representatives had
passed, so as to make that appear the concurrent
action of the two Houses of Congress, which, in
truth, was not so. The House of Representatives
has discovered that. It has had the subject
examined by a committee. That committee has
reported back to the House a recommendation to
put back the legislation where it was before it had
been tampered with. The House, acting with a
due regard to its own dignity, has declined to ac-
cede to the recommendation of its own committee,
and has declared that it would not put back the
legislation where it was at the time it passed that
legislation; but that it would repeal the legislation,
and take the matter into its own hands at its own
discretion.
Now, sir, as the Senator from Maryland pro-
poses, if we send back to the House a provision
to repeal the Minnesota bill as they desire, they
will accept that action of the Senate, and will have j
undisputed control of the further action over the
subject. We may then send them over again a
Minnesota land bill, and they will be at liberty to
adopt it or not, as they shall please. But the Sen-
ator from Illinois desires us to send back to the
House an amendment which will repeal the bill
already passed, but which is coupled with another
amendment to force the House to pass a bill which
it desires to have full control over. That is just the
point. By the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, we repeal the bill already passed, and
leave the House to repass the Minnesota land bill
or not, as it shall please. The Senator from Illi-
nois desires to put a condition upon the power
of the House to repeal that act, with the obliga-
tion to reenact the law already passed. I say,
under circumstances so unfortunate as those which
have arisen in this case, it is the duty of the Senate
to concur with the House in everything that may
put the House in complete control of its own ac-
tion, that it may vindicete its own rights in the
manner which to it shall seem best.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The pending question having been temporarily
laid aside,
Mr. HUNTER. The committee of conference,
to whom were referred the points of disagree-
ment between the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives on the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending June 30, 1855, have had a
meeting, and have been unable to agree.
Mr. WELLER. I would ask the Senator from
Virginia, whether there is any particular point of
difficulty in the committee of conference which
might be obviated by the Senate?
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that if the water
question were out of the way, there might, per-
haps, be an agreement.
^ Mr. GWIN, Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion. Could not the committee have the action
of the Senate on those amendments about which
they have agreed ?
Mr, HUNTER. No, sir. The report of a
committee of conference is an entire thing. We
are obliged to act on the whole or none.
Mr. GWIN. Can we not get the action of the
Senate on an isolated question?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate can recede from
its amendment in relation to the water-works.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that the Senate recede
from that amendment.
Mr. STUART. I submit that the Senate must
have the bill here before that can be done.
Mr. HUNTER. I have the printed bill here.
I presume that will do as well as the engrossed
bill.
Mr. STUART. I do not object to that.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know whattheprac-
tice of the Senate has been; but I should think
there would be no impropriety in the Senate giving
their advice on any particular question involving
this difficulty to the committee of conference ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate. If, for instance,
this amendment be the great cause of difficulty in
the conynittee of conference, and a majority of the
Senate be willing to recede from it, the whole dif-
ficulty may be settled, and the committee of con-
ference enabled to agree at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Adams,] that the conferees on the part of
the Senate be instructed to recede from the follow-
ing amendment:
For continuing the work for a supply of water to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, $500,000: Provided,
That no part of the sum hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended until the corporations of Washington and George-
town, or either of them, shall appropriate and pay an
amount equal to one luurth of said sum for the same pur-
pose, and shali a<iree to pay in like manner the same pro-
portion of all future appropriations; and full power and
authority are hereby given to said corporations, respect-
ively, to raise, by loan or otherwise, any sum of money
that may be necessary to enable them, or either of them, to
make the appropriation herein required; and the said cor-
porations of Washington and* Georgetown, and the inhab-
itants of the said cities re&pectively, or the corporation
making the appropriation, and the inhabitants of such city,
shall be authorized to use the surplus wat<-r which maybe
brought by thecWashuigton aqueduct, after supplying the
Government establishments in Washington, under such
general rules and regulations a« may hereafter be prescribed
bv Congress; and each of s-aid corporations* hliali have the
right to char^o and collect of tin1 inhabitants of such city
such reasonable tax or rent for the use of the water as will
provide for the regular payment of the interest, and the
gradual payment of the principal, of any money which may
be raised under the authority hereby given.
Mr, BRIGHT. I should like to know how
far it is in order to discuss the subject now before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The subject
being before the Senate, the Chair is of opinion
that it is open to discussion.
Mr. BRIGHT. Being one of the committee of
conference on this bill, I desire to make a state-
ment, which, I presume, is entirely parliamentary.
The Senate placed a great many very important
amendments on the bill-, they were doubtless so
considered by the Senators who offered them.
The committee on the part of the Senate have
yielded, I may say, four fifths of our amend-
ments. I speak of the agreement of the two com-
mittees, as far as they have gone. At least four
fifths of the amendments of the Senate were cut
off. When we came to this amendment, the
House committee insisted on rejecting it, for the
reason that when the proposition was befor£ the
Senate, on a call of the yeas and nays, it received
only about three votes out of four. The commit-
tee did not feel at liberty to yield in this point, after
having yielded almost everything to the House
before we reached this amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. The House concurred in many
of our amendments.
Mr. BRIGHT. But they are few, compared
with the great number of amendments. Now,
the question is, whether we shali yield this amend-
ment. I am against receding. I believe the
amendment to be just, right, and proper. It is
an object of national importance, and one that
commends itself to every Senator; one that af-
fects his health and comfort, as well as the health
and comfort of every citizen within the limits of
this District. For one, I am opposed to yielding
it
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact, that before this amendment
was offered to the civil and diplomatic bill—an ap-
propriation bill—it was known to the Senate that
a majority of the House of Representatives, as
had been demonstrated by two deliberate votes,
were opposed to making this appropriation. I
consider it improper to place a proposition on an
appropriation bill, with a wew to force either
body of Congress, against their known judgment
and deliberately expressed opinions. If Senators,
for the sake of these water-works, are willing to
hazard or to defeat all the appropriations for the
Government, it is for them to take the responsi-
bility. It must beborneinmind, thatif itis done,
it will be contrary to the spirit and intention of the
Constitution, which requires for every measure
which becomes a law, the approbation of a major-
ity of each branch of Congress. It was known
that, as a separate measure, this could not possibly
obtain the sanction of a majority of that House.
To place it on an appropriation bill and adhere to
it, and thus to attempt to force it on the other
House, is, I say, a palpable violation of the spirit
of the Constitution. It is for the Senate to de-
termine whether they will hazard the whole bill
for the sake of this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
question. It is important that we should act at
once.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I intend to vote against receding
from this amendment, after the statement of the
Senator from Indiana, that the committee of con-
ference have already receded from four fifths of
the amendments the Senate. 1 do not know
what has become of my State. I think this
amendment will do very well to have a fight upon.
The question being taken on receding, was
determined in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison,, Bayard, Butler,
Chase, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge oflowa, Evans,
Fessenden, Fitzpalrick, Foot, Ceyer, Gillette, Houston,
Hunter, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Morton,
Pettit, Rockwell, Sebastian, Slidell, and Thomson of New
Jersey—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Dawson, Douglas,
Fish, Gwin, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Norris, IVaree,
Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Toombs, Wade,
Walker, and Welter—19.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose it will be neces-
sary to send a message to the House, to inform
them of our action.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think not. I apprehend the
vote which has been taken is merely a direction
to the committee to recede from that amendment.
The bill is still in the custody of the committee of
conference.
Mr. WELLER. No message can be sent to
the House in regard to it while the bill is in the
hands of the committee of conference.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from In-
diana be kind enough to inform me if our receding
from this amendment was made a condition pre-
cedent?
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 understood our chairman to
ask the sense of the Senate on the single proposi-
tion, whether we should recede from this amend-
ment? The Senate have directed that we should
do so. We have now but to go to the committee
room and yield it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I voted against the water-
works from beginning to end; but I am opposed
to any such irregular proceeding as this, and
therefore I voted against receding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
observe that, instead of being irregular, it is of
frequent occurrence.
Mr. TOOMBS. _ It is against parliamentary-
usage, and the dignity of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote of
the Senate has only been a direction to the com-
mittee of conference, on their part, to recede from
this amendment,and, therefore, it will be unneces-
sary to inform the other House of our action.
BOUNDARY OF NEW MEXICO.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Formey, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a biil declaring the
southern boundary of New Mexico, in which they
asked the concurrence of the Senate.
MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the Minnesota land
bill; the question being on Mr. Douglas's mo-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have had some difficulty in
coming to a conclusion as to what is right in thia
matter. My mind was inclined to the proposition
of the Senator from Maryland—the first offered.
As I stated then, it seems to me that when the
House of Representatives have passed a bill, and
that bill has been altered, and we pass it with the
alteration, if we put it back in the same condition
in which it was before the alteration, we do justice
