1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Phelps, it was put; and the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I now move to strike out the
remainder of the Senate amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question is upon the non-
concurring in the Senate amendment, as amended;
and by voting in the negative, the gentleman will
accomplish the object of his motion.
Mr. DEAN. That being the case, I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I again pro-
pose the amendment to the section, as it now
stands, which was previously submitted by me,
and adopted, but which fell by the rejection of the
section in which it was incorporated. I take this
occasion, also, to say that I know the sentiments
of the Committee on Printing upon this subject,
and they are in favor of this portion of the sec-
tion, with the amendment I now offer, i move
the following:
Provided, That compensation in no case shall be paid
where the work is not actually performed.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, as amended; and
deeided in the negative.
The fifty-second amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30(h of June, 185.3, and for other purposes," as
provides for compensation to the Spanish consul and others,
lor losses occasioncd by violence at New Orleans and at
Key West, in the year 1*851, shall be so construed as to place
Michael Papprenitza, a subject of Austria, ou the same
footing with the subjects of Spain.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate. The act referred to in
this section provides compensation to the Spanish
consul and ther Spanish subjects, for property
destroyed by a mob in New Orleans, about the
time of the Lopez expedition to Cuba, it appears
that this Michael Papprenitza, an Austrian sub-
ject, in some way also suffered losses by this same
mob. We did not see any good reason, however,
why a subject of Austria should be embraced
within the provisions of this act, and we therefore
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I will tell my friend
from Missouri what is the propriety of includ-
ing this Austrian subject within the provisions of
this act. He comes precisely in the same category
as the Spaniards who are embraced in the pro-
visions of that act did. He was an Austrian, but
he was mistaken for a Spaniard. He suffered in
the same manner, by the same mob, that the Span-
iards did. The law to which this section refers I
drew myself, and [confined it to Spanish subjects.
The law was put upon the ground that it was not
right that innocent persons should suffer for the
offenses of the Spanish Government. The out-
rages were commuted because of certain acts of
the Spanish Government in Cuba, and we did not
think these persons ought to suffer for it. Well,
now, sir, this Austrian subject presents a much
stronger case than the Spanish ones did. His
property was destroyed by the same mob, they
supposing him to be a Spanish subject. It was
purely through a mistake. But the law does not
provide for his case. I really do think this is an
amendment which we ought to adopt. I have
looked into the case, and know all about it. It
really presents a stronger case than that of the
Spaniards.
Mr. H AYEN. I have not looked into this mat-
ter with any great degree of care. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] says he has, and that
it should be adopted. 1 have great confidence in
his judgment as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to which this case more properly
belongs. But, sir, I will state to the committee
the reasons which led me to come to the conclu-
sion which 1 did in reference to it; and I think
the Committee of Ways and Means came to the
same conclusions, for the same reasons. We
thought that if we undertook to pay this gentle-
man, who was not a Spanish subject, it would be
recognizing a principle by which the Government
would be made responsible for all the loss which
was suffered by everybody on that occasion.
This man had no connection with Cuba whatever,
nor with Spanish affairs, more than any of the
citizens of New Orleans. The committee thought
there was no principle upon which this claim could
be allowed, and that it would be setting a danger-
! ons precedent to allow it. I dff not understand
| the claim itself, however, to be one of any very
j great moment. U involves only a small amount;
j and if the gentleman who is at the head of the
j Committee on Foreign Affairs says it is proper
I that it should be paid, 1 will yield to the confi-
| dence 1 have in his judgment. The committee
' recommended a non-concurrence because they
thought it would be setting a dangerous prece-
dent.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
The fifty-third amendment of the Senate was
next read by the Clerk, as follows:
Sfc. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for custom-
houses and marine hospitals, and to complete the same, the
following sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not othei wise appropriated,
namely :
For completing the custom-house at St, Louis, Missouri,
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
$65,000;
For completing the custom-house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$40,000 j
For completing the custom house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, #40,000 ;
For completing the custom-house at Bangor, Maine,
$20,000 ;
For completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware, $12,000;
For puieha&mg a site for a custom-house at Providence,
Rhode island, $24,000 ;
For the purchase of a new site for the custom house in
Sail Franci&co, $2.50,000; and the Secret.uy of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized, if, in his judgment, the public
imeresjt will thereby be promoted, to apply tin* appropri-
! ation, and as much as may be neees-sary of former appro-
i pnations, for the erection of a custom house on the land
| reserved lor said puipose, to the purchase of a building or
| buildings lor a custom-house and other public offices; and
I the said Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to take
| all legal proceedings which may b« necessary or advisable
to maintain and secure the po^sess-ion and title ofthe
States to the lot hetctofore selected for the site of a custom-
house ;
For the erection of a custom-house at Portland, Maine,
including rooms for the United States court, and lor a post
office, $-200,000 j
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000;
To complete the marine hospital at St- Louis, Missouri,
$10,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
$8,<!00;
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, Kentucky,
$12,500.
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky,
$5,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
$2,000;
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $44,000; and to construct a marine hospital at Bur-
lington, Iowa, $15,000.
Amend the title hy adding at the end thereof—and for
other purposes.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely rise to state the rec-
I ommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and not to enter into a discussion of the
subject. This matter was diseussed when the
deficiency bill was last before us.
Mr. WALSH. And rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. We recommend a non-con-
currence in the amendment, which appropriates
§892,500.
[Cries of " Let us take the vote !"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Byleaveof my friend
from Missouri, I would suggest that we have no
discussion, no controversy on these items in com-
mittee, but to let them go by default. Let them be
voted down. I doubt whether there is a quorum
here. If the friends of the items desire to unite
them to the bill, they can have the yeas and nays
in the House.
[Cries of "That's right!"]
Mr. PHELPS I am much obliged to my
friend from Kentucky for his suggestion, and hope
that it will be adopied by the committee.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me make a suggestion; I
will not occupy a minute. 1 would like, though
, I do not know that it will meet with the approba-
| tion of the committee, to strike out all the amend-
ments, with the single exception of the appropria-
tion for the Providence custom-house.
Mr. WALSH. Providence will take care of
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. The appropriation for
the California custom-house is the heaviest of the
entire amendments. While I shall support it, yet
thinking that, for the expedition of business, this
matter should not be discussed, I am willing to
accept the suggestion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
[Cries of " That's right!"]
Mr, KNOX. I move to strike out the appro-
priation of $65,000 for the custom-house at Mo-
bile, Alabama.
Mr. Chairman, I submit the amendment for the
purpose of expressing the reasons which- will
govern me in voting against this bill. If I were
to wait until we got into the House, I should be
deprived of ail opportunity to do so by the pre-
vious question. I object to all these appropria-
tions for custom-houses. I object to the whole
bill, as commencing at the wrong end of legisla-
tion. What is the bill? Look at the first item in
it. It provides for the pay of the Secretary of
State; and if you-look under all the headings into
which it is divided, you will see that the first item
under each is to provide for the pay of some high
officer of the Government. The bill provides for
the Government, and leaves the people to take
care of themselves.
Mr. PHELPS. Does not the gentleman from
Illinois know that at the last session of Congress
the compensation of all the heads of Departments
was raised ?
Mr. KNOX. I do; but so much the worse.
I cannot yield to the gentleman. I come now
to the appropriations which 1 desire to have
stricken out. What is the object of all these ap-
propriations for custom-houses? It is to provide
splendid palaces in your large cities, in which to
exact your customs, which are collected from the
whole country. There is not a word in this bill
that looks to the interests of the great American
people. It appropriates not one dollar for the im-
provement of the navigable waters of the country,
over which is carried the commerce which is to
create the necessity for these expensive custom-
houses. It is upon this ground that I shall vote
against these appropriations for custom-houses,
and against the whole bill. It commences at the
wrong end. It is the duty of the Representatives
of the people here to look first to the interests of
their constituents. We are not here to legislate
for the Government or for large cities. I, for one,
am not here to legislate for the exclusive benefit
of the large cities aHd the high officers of the
Government.
Mr. DEAN. I do not rise to discuss this mat-
ter. I hope the suggestion of the gentleman from
Kentucky and others will be complied with, and
that we shall come to a vote at once.
Mr. KNOX. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, and it was decided
in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee do
now rise, and report ita action upon the amend-'
ments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and theSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Chandler) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the Union,
generally under consideration* and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill, in some of which they had concurred, in,
others non-concurred,and others they had directed
him to report with amendments.
Mr. PH ELPS. I demand the previous ques--
tion upon the report just made.
Mr. KE1TT. I simply desire to say, in con^
nection with some remarks I made yesterday, that
the commissioner, General Campbell, to whom I
alluded, designed to be understood that the esti->
mate sent to the House by the Secretary was
ample for all the purposes contemplated, and that
the $10,000 appropriated in the deficiency bill
was sufficient for the current expenses of the year.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. LETCHER. I move a call of the House.
There are but very few members present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is too late, aa
the previous question has been seconded,and the
question now is upon ordering the main question
to be put.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. CIIASTAIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
