2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
the grant; but thit it shall not go to certain com-
panies.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the House have taken
action on this subject, 1 shall vote, under the cir-
cumstances, to concur literally in the provision
made by the House, and let them adjudicate their
own matters which originated in that body.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment to the amendment, resulted
—yeas 15, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Bright, Brodhead,
Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Geyer, Johnson, Jonesof
Iowa, Mallory, Mcy|nti, Stuart, Toombs, and Toueey—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Attains, Bayard, Bell, Benjamm, Brown,
Butler, Chase, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fish, Fitzpatriek, Pool, Gillette, Houston, Mason,
Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Kusk, Seward, Slidell,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weller—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected ; and the question recurred upon the original
amendment offered by Mr. Pearce.
Mr. BROWN. After the vote which has just
been taken, I shall not propose the amendment of
which 1 gave notice.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I should not
say a word further on this subject, for 1 have been
" desirous all day to save time, but for a suggestion
from the Senator from Georgia which seemed to
intimate that I was very wrong in objecting to the
bill which came from the House. 1 endeavored
to state very distinctly that my obfect was to have
that bill referred to a standing committee of the
Senate, to inquire into the facts, and to report im-
mediately what action, in the opinion of that com-
mittee, the Senate ought to take. 1 thoughtitwas
not proper, without any examination at all, to re-
peal this act; but a decided majority of the Senate
evidently think otherwise. Now, sir, I am not
going to put myself in resistance to the will of the
Senate. I have done enough, with what 1 shall do
hereafter, to show the correctness and constancy
of my views. But, sir, to show the propriety of
this sort of legislation, I ask the attention of the
Senate for a minute while I state a fact which has
occurred on the civil and diplomatic bill, to show
how accidents happen, and with what propriety
we act upon them.
To the civil and diplomatic bill the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, of which committee
I am a member, offered an amendment in the Sen-
ate, to provide for the erection of certain custom-
houses and certain marine hospitals, all as one
amendment. He stated so distinctly when he
offered it, and the Senate voted on itas one amend-
ment, and adopted it. The clerks of this body
certified it to the other House as two amendments
-—one for custom-houses and the other for marine
hospitals. The House of Representatives agreed
tojboth of them; but the clerks of the House of
Representatives certified to the committee of con-
ference that the House of Representatives had
disagreed to both of them, and they had it so be-
fore them to-ciay. Here, sir, was a clear and
unqualified error, without intention and without
censure—such an error as must inevitably occur
when there is such confusion as we know some-
times exists here. Here was an error of theclerks
of both Houses, misrepresenting the action of
both Houses. With equal propriety, I think,
might some Senator get up here and move to re-
peal the civil and diplomatic bill as to repeal the
Minnesota land grant, because our own clerks have
made a mistake. We see fit to say, by this bill,
(and it can receive no other interpretation,) that
we will sacrifice, so far as we hold the power, the
interests of the people of the Territory of Minne-
sota because our officers have done wrong. Mr.
President, that is a doctrine which, with as much
respect, I apprehend, for the House of Represen-
tatives as any other Senator, I cannot make up my
mind that it is my duty to vote for.
Mr. RUSK. I have uniformly voted for grants
of lands for railroads. I think it is good policy.
I am willing to vote for them again. But as a
friend of that system of granting lands for the con-
struction railroads, I shall vote for the repeal
of this law. It has a suspicion thrown around it.
1 here are many charges that those laws are the
result of combinations of companies. I think the
only way and the best way for this interest is to
repeal this law, and act fairly upon it anew
The TOESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. "Walker.)
Ihe Chair will observe, in justification of the
clerks of the Senate, that he took occasion to-day
to examine, with one of the clerks, the condition
of the p#position mentioned by the Senator from
Michigan, and he found that they were in fact
two separate propositions, and two separate sec-
tions; one section for custom-houses and another
for marine hospitals.
Mr. STUART. They may have been so cer-
tified, but the Senator from Mairi%, chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, of which I am a
member, was directed by the committee to report
them as one amendment. He so reported them,
and he so stated them from his seat, and they
were so understood by the Senators around him.
Now, I do not wish the Chair, or the Senate, or
the clerks, to understand that i complain of them.
1 say there is no blame on account of it, but it is
one of those accidents which will happen when, at
the heel of a session, you are doing things by the
way of what 1 call a stampede.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a wide difference be-
tween the two cases, however. In the case ad-
verted to by the honorable Senator from Michigan,
supposing there is an error, it is an error of slight
inattention or neglect in the course of business.
Without saying anything as to the motive in the
other case, it was a deliberate and intended error
at least.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask, in justification
of the clerks, whether the propositions referred to
by the Senator from Michigan were not voted
upon separately in the Senate.
Several Senators. That is out of order.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Pearce, to add the fol-
lowing additional section:
Sec. 2. Jlniheit further enacted, That the bill, entitled
"An act to aid the Territory of M innesota in the construc-
tion of a railroad theiein," which passed Ihe House of Rep-
resentatives on the 20th day of June, 1M4, and which was
approved by the President of the United Slates, on the 29tli
of June, 1S54, be, and llle same is hereby, lepealed;.
—and resulted—yeas 36, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adains, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Brodhead, Blown, Butler, Ohaie, Clay, Cooper,Daw-
son, Evans, Pessenden, fish, Fiizpatriek, Foot, Gillette,
Gwin, Houston, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Morris,
Pearce. Pettit, Pratt, Rockwell, Rusk, Seward, Slidell,
Sumner, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and. Weller—
3G.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Geyer, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, and Stuart—)U.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Minnesota land bill is
about to he repealed. The advantages which were
conceded by the bill in the first place, as it passed
the House, and not as ifcstands.are now virtually
repealed. It is done, I believe, under a spirit of
irritation which pervaded the other House, and the
general spirit of opposition to the granting of al-
ternate sections in aid of railroads. AH the people
of that distant Territory are interested in this mat-
ter. Wc have exercised over them a guardian care
hitherto. They have no voice upon this floor to
defend or protect their rights. There should have
been calm consideration in this matter, particularly
when no individual fraad isalleged. There should
have been some reference of the question to the
appropriate committee, and we should have had
their report before acting upon the subject. If it
was necessary to have an immediate report, I trust
there is sufficient confidence on the part of this
body in the Committee on Public Lands to- believe
that they would have made an immediate report.
This could have been tlone, but it was not. The
fever that has raged in the House has reached this
body, and the friends of the system of alternate
sections have turned the cold shoulder to it. They
have struck it a blow; and f cannot refrain from
saying, Mr. President, that I believe they have
struck down the last hope of the new States, and
i fear we shall get no more grants of this charac-
ter. There is now amongst those who advocate
the policy of this class of measures, a war, which
must afford high gratification to those who have
so bitterly opposed everything like relief to those
who have suffered beneath the curses of your
whole public land system. That is the -way in
which the matter stands. Now, sir, 1 have noth-
ing more to say so far as I am concerned; no con-
stituents of mine suffer by this act; but I wish to
call attention to the fact, that a people who have
no voice on this floor to defend or protect them,
are the victims of this policy. I think it is a piece
of bare naked injustice.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as> amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill, as amended, was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 move to amend the title, by
aijding " and for other purposes."
Mr. GEYER. kshould like to have the title
amended so as to indicate the objects of the bill,
and that can be done by adding: " and to repeal
the act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the
construction of a railroad therein;" so that when
persons read the title of the act, they wifl ksno-w
what it contains.
Mr. PEARCE. Very well-F that can be don-e
by unanimous consent.
Mr. W15LLER. I propose t&at we change tf>e
order of the sections of the bill. Let the repeal-
ing section come first, and then the pension. 1 do
not like this putting the cart before the horse.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be done, as the bill has been passed. The ques-
tion now is on amending the title, as proposed by
the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to; and the title,as
amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had, this day, approved
and sjgned die following acts:
An act granting the right of way over, and depot
grounds on, the military reserve at Fort Gratiot,
in the State of Michigan, to the Port Huron and
Lake Michigan Railroad Company 7 and
An act for the relief of Jonas P. Levy and Josf
Maria Jarrero.
RELATIONS WITH SPAIN.
Mr. MASON,,from, the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States of the 1st of the
presen-t month, in reply to the resolution of the
Senate, asking information. " whether anything
has arisen since the date of his message to the
House of Representatives of the 15th March last,
consernkig our relations with the Government of
Spain; which, in his opinioa,may dispense with
the suggestions therein contained, touching the
propriety of 'provisional measures' by Congress
to meet any exigency that may arise in the recess
of Congress affecting those relations," reported
that the committee entirely concur with the Pres-
ident in the declaration contained in his message
to the House of Representatives, and reiterated in
his .message to the Senate, that " in view of the
position of the Island of Cuba, its proximity to our
coast, the relations which it must ever bear to oar
commercial and other interests, it is vain to ex-
pect that a series of unfriendly acts, infringing our
commercial rights, and the adoption of a policy
threatening the honor and security of these States,
can long exist with peaceful relations;"'and are
satisfied that, whatever measures may be found
necessary to insure the future security and repose
to the country, (menaced from, the quarter ind.t-'
cated,) and to vindicate the honor of our flag,-will
be adopted by Congress. An earnest hope, both
on the part of the President and of Congress, that
the difficulties with Spain, referred to in the mes-
sage, would have been adjusted before the term-
ination of the present session by an amicable
arrangement,has,as it would appear, caused both
to- forbear, until but a short interval remains be-
tween the close of the present and the stated com-
mencement of the next meeting of Congress.
The full repafation that has been demanded by
the Executive, with adequate guarantees for th-e
future, will alone satisfy the just expectations of
the country ; and the committee would not hesitate
to recommend the "provisional measures" sug-
gested by the Presideat, to be executed by him in
the recess of Congress, even under the difficulties
of maturing them when the close of the session is
already at hand, were the interval to be long be-
fore the next meeting of Congress. As that will
be, however, hut of four months* duration, they
have deemed it better, on the whole, to leave the
subject, as it is at present, with the Executive.
Should the occasion, unfortunately render it neces-
sary, it must, of course, occupy the earliest atten-
tion of Congress at its next meeting. And for the
above reasons the committee ask to be discharged.
The committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
