1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FOOT presented documents in support of
the claim of Sarah Movey, late the wife of James
Movey, a revolutionary soldier, to a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
^ Also, documents in relation to theclaim of Fran-
cis Hutmack, a revolutionary pensioner, to arrears
of pension; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial of the route
agents of the Post Office Department, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRIS presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the penitentiary of the District of Colum-
bia, praying: an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to present the petition
of J. L. Collins. That gentleman called on me
yesterday m reference to his claim on Congress,
connected with the decisions of the recent board
to examine the Mexican claims. It was a subject
upon which my judgment, as a member of the
special committee on that matter, was asked. The
committee decided against the claim; but he thinks
he has now such documentary testimony as will
enable him to justify Congress in interfering in his
behalf. I know nothing of the character of the
individual, but I feel it my duty to present the
petition, and I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of An-
drew Rankin, praymgan extension of his patent
for an improvement in the manufacture of hats;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN", from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the report of the Secretary
of the Interior, communicating a list of rejected
applications for pensions, and recommending that
the act of February 3,1853, " to continue half pay
to certain widows and orphans, be amended,"
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill extend-
ing the provisions of the act of February 3, 1853,
to widows of officers, non-commissioned officers,
seamen, and marines, who served in the Navy of
the Revolution; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Healso,from the same committee, to whom was
referred thepetition of Margaret Chandler, mother
of Walter S. Chandler, of the Army, who was
drowned while in the discharge of his duty, pray-
ing a pension, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTiT, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill for the relief
of L. E. L. A. Lawson, sole surviving heiress of
General Eleazar Ripley, deceased, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill
for the relief of the Pine Grove Academy in Lou-
isiana, reported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to confirm the claim of William
H. Henderson, and the heirs of Robert Hender- j
son, to five hundred acres of land in the Bastrop
grant, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, who made adverse
reports on a bill to authorize T. H. McManus to
enter, by preemption, certain lands in the Greens-
burg land district, Louisiana, and a bill for the
relief of John Boyd, to move that they be recom-
mitted to that committee. There has been an
error, for which I was in fault, and we desire to
repair that error.
The motion to recommitwas agreed to; and the
order for printing the adverse reports in these
cases was rescinded.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate directing that committee to inquire into the
expediency of making an appropriation for a ma-
rine hospital at Pensacola, reported a bill provid-
ing for the erection of a marine hospital building
at Pensacola, in the State of Florida; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
mi
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of ship-owners and others
residing in Clinton and Westbrook, in Connecti-
cut, praying that those towns may be annexed to
the collection district of New Haven, reported a
bill for that purpose; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of citizens of Florida,
praying the erection of a marine hospital at
Appalachicola, asked to be discharged fro'm the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Texas, in favor of changing the port of
entry from Point Isabel to Brownsville, and sun-
dry memorials against the same, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the House bill to organize the Territo-
ries of Nebraska and Kansas; the pending ques-
uon^bemgon the amendment of Mr. Pearce to
the fifth section, to strike out the words:
"And those vvlio shall have declared on oath their in-
tention to become bueli, and shall have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, and the pro-
visions of this act,"
—so that the proviso shall read:
"Provided, That the right of suffrage, and of holding
olliee, shall be exercised only by cmzens of?the United
Stales."
Mr. BELL resumed the speech in which he
was interrupted by tne adjournment yesterday,
and spoke an hour and a half.
Mr. TOOMBS replied.
Mr. BELL responded.
The debate was continued by Messrs. Clay-
ton, Wade, Brown, Benjamin, Seward, Cass,
Mason, Mallouy, and Bayard.
Mr. WELLE R called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered, and,
after some observations from Messrs. Jones of
Iowa, Butler, and Jones of Tennessee, at sev-
enteen minutes past ten o'clock, p. m., were taken;
and resulted—yeas 7, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Brodhead, Brown, Clay-
ton, Pearce, and Thompson of Kentucky—7
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, -Atchison, Benjamin, Butlor,
Cass, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas,
Fish, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Gillette, Gwin, Hunter. James,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, MalJoiy,
Masou, Morton, Morris, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Shdell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, Walker, Weller, Wil-
liam;*, and Wright—41.
So the amendment was rejected.
Debate was continued by Messrs. Chase,
Brown, Butler, and Wf.t.lrr.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER next addressed the Senate,and
was followed in explanation by Mr. Mason. Mr.
Toucey also spoke, and Mr. Douglas rose to close
the debate. He spoke until one o'clock, a. m.
Mr. TOUCEY made a few remarks, in which
he said he should not obey the instructions of the
Whig Abolition Legislature of Connecticut, as to
the vote he should give on this bill, for which he
assigned reasons.
The vote was taken on ordering the bill to a
third reading; and resulted—yeas 35, nays 13; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Benjamin, Brod-
head, Brown, Butier, Clay, Dawson, Douglas, Fitz-
patriek, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mailory. Mason, Morton, Norns, Pearce, Pel-
tit, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Shdell, Stuart,Thomp-
son of Kentucky,Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Tou-
cey, Weller, Williams, arid Wright—35.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Allen, Bell, (Jha-e, Clayton, Fish, Foot,
Gillette, Hamiin, James, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and
Walker—13.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed,
at ten minutes past one o'clock, a. m.
The Senate then adjourned.
[The above debate will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 26, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
TREASURY REPORT ON BANKS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to in-
troduce, from the Committee on Printing, a reso-
lution, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred copies of the annrialre-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury on the condition of the
banks ot the united States, communicated to fhjs House on
the nth instant, be printed for the use of the Treasury De-
partment. '
Mr. STANTON. I move the adoption of the
resolution.
ihe SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, as the House is acting under
the previous question upon the amendments to the
deficiency bill. No other business can be done,
except by unanimous consent, while that matter
is undisposed of.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the House will give
its unanimous consent to its being put upon its
passage.
Mr. LETCHER. What does the Secretary of
the Treasury want with them ?
Mr. STANTON, i suppose he wants them for
the use of the Department.
Mr. LETCHER. If there is any necessity for
having that number of extra copies printed, I
should like to know what that necessity is?
Mr. DEAN. Gentlemen all over the country
are sending for that report. It is to supply that
want that these copies are needed.
Mr. LETCH ER. The House,-1 suppose,
prints enough to supply that demand. It prints
some fifteen hundred copies, I believe.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by the
gentleman from Virginia, and the resolution can-
not now be put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered,only six-
teen members seconding the demand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Vail were appointed; and, on a division, the tell-
ers reported—ayes fifteen; not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn over till Monday next.
Mr. JONES. I ask for a division on the ques-
tion.
Mr. DRUM. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to propose a resolution.
The SPEAKER. There is a question pending
which must be disposed.of before the gentleman's
resolution can be presented.
The question was then taken by division; and
the Speaker announced 67 in the affirmative, and
32 m the negative; not a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. JONES. I call for tellers on the motion
to adjocirn over.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 38. *
So the House agreed that when it adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DRUM. I send to the Clerk's desk a
resolution, which I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the several islanding committees of the
House having at this time in eh'irge hills relating to private
claims of whatsoever kind, he allowed to report the sarae
respectively, by films them with the Clerk, who will place
them in their order upon the Calendar, and the same shall
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. DRUM. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection. We have our desks full of
bills ready to report.
Mr. JONES. 1 am willing to set apart a time
for making these reports in a legitimate manner,
but I am not willing that they should be made in
this wholesale manner.
Mr, DRUM. The gentleman will observe that
this is only for those reports which are nowready
to be made. It does not propose to change any
rules.
