2180
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
the ratification of one more treaty—I think that
will take but a short time—and for the confirma-
tion of a few more appointments; and it is certain
that we cannot, without leaving everything in
perfect confusion and chaos, adjourn at twelve
o'clock to-morrow. We ought, therefore, to ex-
tend the session until Monday at twelve o'clock.
That will give time enough, in my opinion. I
am, satisfied, notwithstanding the House has
refused to extend the time, that if we send them
a resolution with a discreet committee, if it be
necessary, they will accede to it. The House
is composed of reasonable, sensible men; and it
seems to me that we should, to save ourselves and
the country from disgrace and ruin, rescind the
adjournment resolution so far as to extend the ses-
sion to Monday, noon.
Mr. SEWARD. I have a speech to make on
this subject in three words. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on the resolution.
Mr. PRATT. I rise to a point of order. The
question is simply whether the Senate will take up
the resolution
Mr. CLAY. It has been taken up.
Mr. PRATT. I do not so understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question. Will the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. GWIN. And on that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to state to the Senate that
I am one of the members of the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, and that I concur fully in what was
said by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit.]
I do not believe we can possibly get through by
twelve o'clock to-morrow. We cannot read over
the bills.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YBAS~M«8hm. Allen, Atchison, Brodhead, Brown, Sut-
ler, Cass, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Foot,
Houston, Hunter, Jones of fowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Morton, Norm, Pearce, Petlit, Rusk, Sebastian,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Walker, and
Welter—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bright,
Chase, Cooper, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Gey
er, Gillette, Gwin, Johnson, Pratt, Rockwell, Seward,
Slidel!, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and
Wade—23.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution; which was
as follows:
Resolved, (Hie Houae of Representatives concurring,)
That the tune fixed by the resolution of the 1st July, for the
adjournment of the present session of Congress be, and the
same i? hereby, extended to   the — instant, at twelve
o'clock meridian.
Mr. STUART. I move to fill the blank by in-
serting "Monday next, the 7th instant."
The amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurred on the resolution, as amended.
Mr. PRATT, The simple result of the adop-
tion of the resolution will be that we shall sit all
Sunday night instead of to-night. Under it we
shall adjourn on Monday. We shall meet to-
morrow and Saturday, and sit here all Saturday
night and Sunday.
Several Senators. Oh no.
Mr. PRATT. There will be no other result
from it. We have experienced it heretofore. I
hope the resolution will not be adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I trust, if the resolution is not
adopted, that those Senators will assist us who
are engaged in reading; the bills.
Mr. TOOMBS. We agreed, about a month
ago, that this session of Congress should close
to-morrow. We have plenty of time in which to
dispose of the public business. The idea of the
Senator from Indiana, that we cannot get through
the appropriation bills, is a mere idea. A few
years ago three or four of the most important ap-
propriation bills were not taken up in the Senate,
on account of their eagerness to pass the internal
improvement bill, until nine o'clock of the day on
which the adjournment was to tak^e place at twelve
o'clock, and they were accomplished. They were
all engrossed; and, Mr. President, a bill appro-
priating public money never yet failed to get
through for want of labor to work it out. Tins
Government has been in existence seventy years;
and if it stands seven hundred "years, those bills
will never fail. They will all get through. There
^ill be plenty of labor and of tigie. The lobby
will come and volunteer, without pay, to carry
them through. As to the Senate and House getting
ready, they may sit here until Monday, or the
Monday after, or the Monday after that; they may
sit here until the angel stands with one foot upon
the sea and the other upon the land, and proclaims
the end of time,and then they will not be ready to
adjourn any more than they will be to-morrow at
twelve o'clock. I hope the Senate will adhere to
its own order. As to the ten million dollar appro-
priation, we have had the question .up for three
months; the House of Representatives would not
agree to it; there is no necessity for it, none-in the
world. We have no speck of war; there is no
danger of anybody attacking us. The appropri-
ation bills could be passed, and we could leave for
home in six hours. There is no necessity for the
resolution. We can adjourn to-morrow at twelve
o'clock just as readily, and do the business as
well, as two months "hence*, and the result will be
the same as I havesaid. As for being ready, you
never will be ready. You never were ready.
Nobody was ever done with legislative business.
It is an eternal, perpetual business.
ThePRESIDINGr OFFICER. Thequestion is
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PRATT and Mr. TOOMBS called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered, and
taken—yeas 24, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Blown, Rutlei, Cas<*,
Clay, Dodge, of Iowa, Dougla«, Foot, Houston, Hunter,
Jones ot Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pet-
ut, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucey, Walker,and Weller—24.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell,Benjamin, Bright,
Chase, Cooper, Dawson, Evans, Fessenden, Fi*h, Fitz-
patrick, Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Johnson, Pratt, Rockwell,
Seward, Shdell, Sumner, Toombs, and Wade—^3.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is necessary at this
stage of the business that the Senate should £0,
for a biief period, into Executive session. The
Army appropiiation bill, of course, will be next
taken up; and before that is done, we should con-
sider Executive business, which will not occupy
more than five minutes I therefore move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 22, noes 10.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration ofExecutive business; and, after some-
time, the doors were reopened.
POST OFFICE BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had agreed to some and
disagreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department, during the fiscal year
| ending the 30th of June, 1855.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate insist
on their amendments to the bill, disagreed to by
the House, and ask a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. On that
committee I do not wish to be placed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the managers on the part of the Senate
be appointed by tire President pio tempore: and Mr. Nor-
ris, Mr. Rusk, and Mr. Morton were appointed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message from the House also announced
that the Speaker had signed
An act for the relief of Daniel Steenrod; and
An act to establish certain post roads.
The President pro tempore signed these bills.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill from the House,
" making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1855;" which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance with amendments.
The first amendment was in the clause, " For
subsistence in kind, $1,028,497;*' to make the ap-
! propriation, $1,285,621 25.
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to the es-
timate of the Secretary of War. /
The amendment was agreed to. /
The next amendment was to strike out thi fol-
lowing proviso:
Pro tided, That so much of all laws heretnfliSe passed
which authorize the appointment of military officers to su-
perintend the operations at the national armories he, and the
same js hereby, repealed; and from and after the passage
of this act, it shall be the duly ot the President of the Uni-
ted States, by and with the advice and consont ot the Sen-
ate, to appoint a competent <iud well qualified civilian as
superintendent at each of said aimories.
Mr. WELLER. That, I believe, is a question
upon which the Senate committee equally divided.
1 shall have to ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
I understand that the House have agreed to a
provision placing the superintendence of these
armories under civil administration. The Com-
mittee on Finance propose to strike that out. I
ask for the yeas arid nays upon the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am in favor of
striking out that proviso; and, as the best argu-
ment 1 can make, I send to the Secretary, and ask
to have read, a letter from the War Department,
in response to an interrogatory of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The Secretary read as follows:
War Department, )
Washington, July *26, 1854. )
Sir: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the
25th instant, informing me that the A my appropriation bill
has coine to the Senate fjoin the Bouse ot Representatives,
with a proviso requuing the removal of the ordnance oifi-
cers from the armories, while those works are Mill contin-
ued under the direction of the Colonel of Oidnanre, and
requesting my opinion of the effect of the proposed' change
in the law, and, in particular, whether the Department will
experience any serious difficulty in executing the two laws
in regard to the control and government ot the armories.
In leply I have the honor to say, that there will be found
that difhculty, in the operation of the two laws which your
letter indicates. The one interposes a civil supermtend-
ency between the Colonel of Ordnance and the armories,
in order to remove th<? military control; while the other
law requires ihe military department to continue to exer-
cise the control Formerly, when civil superintendents
were placed over Ihe armories, the duvet and efficient con-
trol of the armories was, by law, vested in the military de-
partment to winch they belonged. The new law will create
a difficulty which, to me, appears practically insurmount-
able.
It is the decided and repeatedly declared opinion of this
Department, founded on the results of actual experience,
that the enactment of the proviso which has passed the
House, will seriously impair the efficiency and utility of
the national armories. The law, as it now stands, pro-
scribes no class, but authorizes the President to select per-
sons for the control and management of the public anno-
ries, from civil or military life, and affords the greatest pos-
sible latitude for proper selection. But, if it shall be de-
termined by law that the public manufactories of arms lor
the military service ouqht not to be under the duection of
military officers, then I respectfully suggest, that those es-
tablishments ought not to be coniinued under the authority
of a military department, but made independent of it as a
branch of the civil service. The national armories, as now
conducted, have been, and 1 think wjll be, highly useful es-
tablishments; but ll they are to become the objects ot class
legislation ami partisan conflict, I believe it would be bet-
ter to dis-contmtie them, and to procure arms for the mili-
taiy service from private armories, by contract
I am, however, as assured in the opinion that the muni-
tions of war ought to be provided at public armories, under
the direction of military officers, a* that foits, arsenals,
navy-yard1?, and doek yards, belonging to Government,
ought to be controlled and administered by the officers of
that department ot the public service with'wlnch they are
naturally eonnoctcd. It is not necessary under ?uch organ-
ization—it is not true that the hired mechanics and work-
men now employed at the armories are subject to military
law, or restrained ot any of their civil rights. Only the
officers and enh«ted men of the Army are subject to mili-
tary law. The mechanics hired at all public works, en-
gage only for such term as th«*v please, and leave the service
whenever it suits them. That the service is not ahaidone
is evidenced from the ragerne>s with which it is sought.
In this respect, the natuie of the control exercised by the
military officers is the same at the armojles as it is at ihe
arsenals, in the navy yard-*, on the foi tifications, the works
of internal improvement, and whercvt r hired mechanics
engage to execute any work for the military service.
I have serious doubts if the connnuance of the ar-
mories in the manufacture of muskets in at thU time
snahle. We have now six hundred thousand stand of
small arms m the United States arsenals, and a large num-
ber have been distributed to the States. The many changes
and improvements in fire arms render it uriadvi-abie to
accumulate a very large number of one model, and the dis-
covery of weapons of greater range than muskets, make it
doubtiul il the musket will continue to form the pnncipal
weapon for foot soldieis.
Tu conclusion, X would ask, why should the national ar-
mories have been specially t-elected as trusts for which a
soldier is unworthy ? Tt is not there alone that mechanics
are employed in constructions and manufactures for the
military service under officers both of the Army and of the
Navy. It cannot be because the military profession implies
ignorance of arm«, or leads to carelessness m their manu-
facture.
I believe the proposed exclusion of officers of the Army
from the right to he selected as niperintend^nts of Ihe na-
tional Aimories, to'bu a discrimination unmerited by their
conduct in peace and in wai, uncalled tor by consideia-
tioRs {or the public yood, and probably detrimental to the
efficiency of out military weapons.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. James Shields, Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Senator from
