612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
J
Ready, Richardson, David Ritchie, Rogers, Sage, Sapp,
Seward, Singleton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Stration, John L. Taylor, Upham, Walley, Warren,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wentworth, Yates, and Zoilicoffer—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Axkin, James C. Allen, Thomas H.
Bayly, Banks, Barksdale, Relcher, Bissell, Bocock, Breck-
inridge, Br'dges, Bugg, Carpenter, Oaskip, Chamberlain,
Chastain, Chrisroan, Churchwell, Chngman, Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dean, Dent, I)e Witt,
Drtwdeli, Drum, Edmundson, Elliot, Ellison, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Goode, Green, Grow, Hamil-
ton, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Hibbard, Hiester,
Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Roland Jones, Kid well,
Kurtz, Letcher,Lilly, Lindsl<'y,Lyon,McMullin, McNair,
McQ.ueen, Macy, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phillips,
Powell, Pratt, Reese, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbms,
Russell, Sabin, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Sim-
mons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Snodgrass, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Ste-
vens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Thurston, Tracy, Tiout,
Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walbiidge, Westbrook,
Wheeler, and Daniel 11. Wright—110.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
[A message from the Senate was received by the
hands of Asbcky Dickins, its Secretary, inform-
ing the House that it had passed bills of the Sen-
ate of the following titles, in which he was in-
structed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 247) to constitute Keokuk and
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, ports of delivery.
An act (No 157) to enable the United States to
make use of the solar compass in the public sur-
veys.  
Also, informing the House of the passage of
sundry private bills.]
BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be a motion of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] lying over from last
Monday, to suspend the rules for the purpose of
introducing a resolution relative to changes in the
bounty land laws.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on I'uMic Land* be in-
structod to inquire into the expediency of t-o amending the
laws in relation to bounty lands, that whenever an applicant
for bounty land under any aet shall die, or may have died,
after tiling in the ofliee of the Commissioner of Pensions
hi* application, and evidence •Jiitlieient to substantiate the
same, before the j>sue of any warrant theieon, the heirs of
such applicant shall be entitled to icceivc a warrant tor the
same amount of land that the deceased would have been
entitled to if living.
The question was put, and (two-thirds having
voted in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
The resolution was then introduced, and the
question having: been taken, it was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask if this
is not the day for calling the States for resolu-
tions?
The SPEAKER. It is the day for calling the
States for resolutions, and they are in Older from
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business, and I hope the rules will be ad-
hered to.
RELIEF FOR SAN FRANCISCO RESCUERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise for the purpose of
asking the unanimous consent of the House to
submit a motion that, the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the joint resolution which
I had the honor to submit, and which was refer-
red there some two months since, for the lehef of
the San Francisco rescuers. I make the request
with a view of considering the joint resolution
now. I think for our credit it is time that we
should take up the matter and dispose of it in
some way.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope we shall pro-
ceed with the call of the States for resolutions. If
I understand it, the gentleman will have the right
to make that motion when the State of Pennsyl-
vania shall be called.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman fiom
Illinois object to the motion ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling me to submit the
motion.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 103, noes 30.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to call for
the yeas and nays ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to state to the House
that I am sure they would not discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
if 
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Does the gentleman from Virginia demand the yeas
and nays?
Mr. McMULLIN. I do.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
twenty-two members having voted therefor.
..So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended.
The question recurred upon the motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the consideration of the joint
resolution referred to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can a majority
discharge the committee? The joint resolution
makes an appropriation, I believe; and it must,
therefore, under the rules, have its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The motion just made was to suspend
the rules to enable a motion to discharge to be
made. Now, will it not require a vote of two
thirds to discharge the committee?
The SPEAKER. If the joint resolution con-
tains an appropriation, it will require a vote of two
thirds to have it considered in the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The effect of this vote
would be to bring the bill before the House for
consideration.
The SPEAKER. A majority can discharge
the committee, but it will require a vote of two
thirds to consider and pass the joint resolution in
the House.
Mr. EWING. I would ask the Chair if a vote
of two thirds has not already been obtained?
The SPEAKER. To submit the motion to
discharge. The rule requiring the joint resolu-
tion to be considered in committee Has not been
suspended.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to discuss
the question now ?
The SPEAKER. The question of discharging?
Mr. McMULLIN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am perfectly satisfied
that the House is acting under a misunderstand-
ing in reference to this matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
Chair if all questions are not debatable upon
which debateis not prohibited by some rule of the
House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber any rule having a bearing upon that particular
point, and is of the opinion that a proposition to
discharge the committee is debatable, just as a
proposition to commit a bill is debatable.
Mr. McMULLIN. I regret that this question
has been sprung upon the House at this time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. If debate arises upon this motion does it
not go over ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The rules have
been suspended that would have required it to go
over.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The rules were suspended
for the introduction of the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended
; for the purpose of presenting the proposition to
! discharge the committee, and of consicg^ing the
I propriety of that discharge.
| Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire if
! there is anything before the House after the mo-
i tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to sus-
I pend the rules has prevailed ?
' The SPEAKER. The motion before theHouse
i is to discharge the Committee of the Wholeon the
i state of the Union from the further consideration
j of the joint resolution.
Mr. TAYLOR. From the joint resolution, and
to put it upon its passage?
.The SPEAKER. The proposition is merely
to discharge the committee from the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution; and the Chair
decides that the propriety of so discharging the
committee may be discussed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I thought the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] was entitled to the
floor upon that proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania did not claim the floor at all, or he would
have been entitled to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Have I a right to discuss
the question?
The SPEAKER. • The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania waived his right.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not waive the right,
if the question is open to discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state that
the gentleman did waive his right, because he did
not even claim the floor until the gentleman from
Virginia had commenced his speech.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Chair will understand
that I did not mean to contradict him. If I have
lost my right to the floor I yield with pleasure.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only means to
say that the gentleman lost his right by not claim-
ing it in season.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield to the decision of
the Chair with great pleasure.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not my purposenow,
or at any other time, to trespass upon the time of
the House or to transgress its rules. I desire,
therefore, at the outset to know if it is competent
for me to discuss the merits of the proposition from
the consideration of which it is proposed to dis-
charge the committee?
The SPEAKER.* The gentleman from Vir-
ginia may refer to the character of the bill for the
purpose of showing that it should be considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McMULLIN. It will be remembered, Mr,
Speaker, that some time since a joint committee of
the two Houses was raised, for the purpose of*
taking into consideration the meritorious conduct
of the officers and crew of those vessels who res-
cued our suffering citizens who were aboard the
San Francisco. I had the honor of being appointed
one of its members. After various sessions, it
made a report to this body which, I flatter myself,
whenever it comes to beunderstood bygentlemen,
will be most certainly voted down.
The committee has recommended that medals
shall be voted to the officers and crews of the three
vessels who rescued our citizens as stated, and to
that I make no objection. I think that it is due
from this Government to those distinguished and
brave officers and crews that they should notonly
receive gold medals, butalso a vote of thanks from
this National Legislature.
But, Mr. Speaker, the committee has not stopped
there. It has gone further. It has recommended
the appropriation of $100,000, and it is to that por-
tion of the report to which 1 particularly invite
the attention of the House. It has recommended,
I repeat, that $100,000 shall be placed in the hands
of the President of the United States to be dis-
tributed between the officers and crews of the ves-
sels which have been referred to. I ask members
to take notice of this important fact. Tohse offi-
cers and crews have been already amply rewarded
for their services, not by this Government, but by
its citizens. They have received avast amount of
money. I have a memorandum of the amount in
my desk, but I have not the time now to refer
to it.
My purpose now is to ask the House not to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of the
subject, so that when it shall be proper to go into
a discussion of the merits of the question I may
have time to satisfy the House, which I flatter
myself 1 can do, that the report of this joint com-
mittee ought not to be adopted. If Congress adopt
the report of that committee what will be the ef-
fect? As to the $100,000, it does not amount to
a drop in the bucket compared with what is to be
the result hereafter. The effect will be to throw
the entire commercial marine upon the Govern-
ment of the United States in the way of paying
for all patriotic and praiseworthy acts in rescuing
citizens from wrecks. It is a dangerous prece-
dent that is proposed to be set. Has it been the
policy of this Government heretofore, is it the
policy of this Government now, to make the en-
tire commercial maiine depend upon it, or upon
the bounty, charity, and liberality of the commer-
cial districts of the country ? I repeat, that these
officers and crews have already, as I shall he pre-
pared to show at the proper time, received ample
remuneration for their acts of patriotism and hu-
manity, which, I admit, deserve the grateful
thanks of the American Government and the
American people. I would beg the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] not to press the
