1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 26,
Mr. JONES. Let them be made one at a time.
I object.
Mr. LANCASTER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce one or two ter-
ritorial bills for the purpose of having them re-
ferred.
There was no objection, and
Mr. LANCASTER introduced bills, which
were read a first and second time by their titles,
as follows, and referred as indicated:
A bill to establish the office of surveyor general
in the Territory of Washington. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill for the construction of military roads in
the Territory of Washington. Referred .to the
Committee on the Territories.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be upon concurring with the Senate in
the following amendment to the deficiency bill:
For payment to John Bozman Kerr, in addition to his
salary and allowances as charge d'affaires to Nicaragua,
the amount of his expenses on the journey 10 San Salvador
and Guatemala, and of his expenses at those capitals under
his commissions to the Governments of those Republics,
together with a full outfit as charg^ d'affaires to the na-
tional representation ol Central America.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. PH ELPS. i wish to know if the question
cannot be taken directly upon concuru'ng in the
amendment? It seems to me we should save time
by adopting such a course.
The SPEAKER. The question will be put in
that form, if there be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The yeas and
nays were called upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard no call.
Mr. JONES. The yeas and nays were yester-
day called upon every amendment which was not
then disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly sees how
the yeas and nays could be called upon proposi-
tions beforehand; but if that was the understand-
ing, he will so regard it.
Mr. JONES. If there is any misunderstanding
upon the subject, I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the yeas
and nays will be ordered. The amendment cer-
tainly ought to be adopted.
Mr. JON ES. I think it ought not to be adopted.
I ask for tellers upon ordeiing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Tennessee, and Ci.ingman, were appointed.
The House was divided upon ordering the yeas
and nays; and the tellers reported twenty-seven
in the affirmative, (more than one fifth of those
present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon concurring; and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 61; as
follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Willi* Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Bank*, Benton, Boeock, Chattel
ler, Chngman, Cox, CuNoni, Curtis,Thomas Dhvh, Dean,
De Witt, Drum, Duubai, Edmundson, Ethendge, Florence,
Gamble, Green, Hamilton, Aaion Harlan, Jiunt, Roland
Joiftjs, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, MeNair, May, Middle*
swarth, Millson, Morgan, Orr, Parker, Peckhatn Penning-
ton, Puryvar, Kiddle, David Ritchie, llufiin, ltu:>sell, Sapp,
Shower, Gorrn Smith, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Itichatd H.
Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Andrew Stuart, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G Taylor, Thmsion, Upham, Vail, Van-
eant, Walley, Ellihu B. W.iMiburne, John^Wentwoith,
Tappan Weniworth, Witto, and Vatc—f>4.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Baiksdale, Barry, Bel-
cher, Boyee, Brcckinridge, Bridges, Cnruthn?., Chastain,
Christian, Clark, Cobb, Cutting, John G. Davi s Dawson,
Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Ellison, Flagler, Fuller,Gid
dings, Grow, Hendricks, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, J>a-
tham,Letcher, Lmdsley, MeCulloeh, Maurice, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Peck, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Pnngle, Shaw, Skelton, Wil-
ltam Smith, William II. Sin.th, George W. Smyth, Snod-
grass, Stratton, Straub, Tracy. Trout, Walsh, Wells,
Wheeler, and Hendrick B. Wright—61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Page seven, after line one hundred and fifty-eight, insert
the fallowing:
For completing and keeping in order the grounds south
of the President's House, .$9,770.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a concurrence in the amendment, with
the following amendment to the amendment:
And for furnishing an additional number of settees in
the President's and Capua! grounds, $1,000.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon the
adoption of the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment to the amendment was adopted—ayes 70,
noes 56.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a bill of the House of the following title:
An act (No. 236) to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas.
Also, that they had passed bills of the Senate
of the following titles:
An act (No. 382) further to amend the act en-
titled " An act to appropriate the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and to grant preemption
rights," approved September 4, 1851.
A resolution (No. 16) manifesting the sense of
Congiess towards commander Edwatd Marshall,
commanding her Britannic Majesty's ship Virago,
and the officers and crew who were detached by
his order for the relief of the surveying party
under the command of Lieutenant J. Gr. Strain.]
The question then recurred on the tenth Senate
amendment, as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 83, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abereromlne, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Thomas II. B.iyly, Belcher, Bell, Bocoek, Boyee,
Breekiundgc, Binlgoe, Chandhr, Clinguum, Curtis, Cut
ting, Dawson, Dean, DeWitt, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar,
Eddy, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Eveihart, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Girkliugs, Gieen, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan,
Sampson \V. Barns, llou*mu, Hunt, J. Gluney Jones, Po-
land Jones, Kent, Kutiz, Lane, Latham, Macdonald, Me-
Dougall, MoNair, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Millson,
Orr, Peck, Pcckhnm, Pennington, John Perkins, Phillips,
Pratt, Preston, Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Bobbins,
Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William K. Smith, Geoige W. Smyth, ;
Snodgrass, Fieduiek P. Stanton, .Richard II Stanton, |
Alexander II. Stephens, John L. Taylor,Thurston, Upham, I
Vail, Valiant, VValley, Wells, John Wentvvoi th, Tappan i
Weniworth, \Ve>ibnink, ami Hendtick B. Wright—bii. i
NAYS—M«'!*srs. DavidJ. Bailey, Ball, Baiksdale, Barry, 1
Carta hers, Chastain, Chusmau, Clark, Cobb, Cox, Cullom,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dunham, Ethendge, Flag-
ler, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hill, lliltyei, Johnson, Dan-
iel T. Jones', George W. Jones, Knox, Lamb,Letcher,Lilly,
Litidley, Lindsley, McCulloch, Maurice, Middleswarth,
Morgan, Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mor-
decai Oh\er, Packet, Pai ker, Phelps, Powell, Pringle, Pur-
yeai, Thomas Ritchey, ItutViii, Ku>sell, Sapp, St ration, An
diew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor,Trac>, Trout, Wade,
Ellihu B. VVa-hburne, Wheeler, Daiuoi B. Wright, and
Y ates—51).
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk next read the twenty-fourth Senate
amendment, as follows:
For the transportation of Governor Stevens and his party,
and for explorations made by hun between the Mississippi
river ami the Pacific ocean, $40,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 made the call for the yeas
and nays yestetday, and, with the unanimous con-
sent of the House, 1 now withdraw that call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 renew the call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. 1* demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. X would say to the
House, that the friends of the amendment are will-
ing that it should go to a committee of conference
for correction.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not concurred in.
The twenty-fifth Senate amendment was next
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
For continuing the works for bringing water into the
city of Washington, $500,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in—yeas 47, nays 100; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abercrombie, Thomas H. Bayly,
Banks, Barry, Bell, Breckinridge, Chandler, sClmgman,
Cullom, Cutting, JohnG. Davis, Dawson, Dean, De Witt,
Dunbar, Eddy, Edmand&, Edmund&on, Thomas D. Ehot,
Florence, Gieen, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Hillyer,
Hunt, Keitt, Macdonald, May, Morrison, Packer, Peck-
ham, John Perkins, PJuliips, Kiddle, Russell, Sabm, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Ait xatider (I. Stephens, John J. Taylor,
John L. Taylor, Upham, Vansant, Walkei, Walley, John
Wentworth,Tappan Wentworth, and Westbrook—47.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David
J. Bailey, Barksdale, Belcher, Benton, Boyee, Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, CJmsman, Clark, Cobb, Col
quilt, Cox, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dowdell, Dunham,
Eastman, Ellison, English, Ethendge, Everhart, Flagler,
Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Haven, Hill, Houston, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, ltoland Jones, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lmdley, Lmd-loy, McDougall,
Maurice, Maxwell, Middleswarth, John G. Millet, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Piatt, Pnngle, Puryear, Richard-
son, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Sapp, Seymour,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgras-s, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard II. Stanton, Stratton, Strauh, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,Trout, Vail, Wade, Elhhu B.
Wa^hburne, Wells-, Wheeler, Witts, Darnel B. Wright,
Henduck B. Wright, and Yates—100.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Senate
amendments were next read by the Clerk, as
follows:
For rent of paper wareroom from the 1st of January to
the 30th of June, 1*?54, at $*250 per annum, $1*25.
For cartage ot printing paper from wareroom and office
of the Superintendent of Public Printing to the printing
offices, and labor, from the 1st January to the 30th of June,
1854, at $550 per annum, $275.
TheSPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, recommend a non-con-
currence in both amendments.
The question was taken; and both amend-
ments were non-concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
For completion of the bridge across the Potomac river at
Little FalU, and painting thereof, $75,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union reported the following amendment to
the amendment:
Provided, That the work shall be done, under the direc-
tion of the Secretaiy of the Interior, by competent civil
engineers, and according to a plan, the whole cost of which,
in no event, exceeds the sum now appropuated.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. Mr, Speaker, I desire permis-
sion to correct a remurk I made yesterday, in re-
lation to the responsibility of the Government for
the accident that occurred at this bridge.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BARRY, I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be allowed to make the state-
ment. He was led to do unintentional injustice
in some remarks which he made, and he desires
to correct it. It will take but a moment.
Mr. TRACY. 1 object.
The question now being on agreeingto the for-
tieth amendment of the Senate, as amended,
The yeas and nays were ordered thereon.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 44, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abercrombie, Aiken, Thomas H Bayly,
Ball, Banks, Bell, Bocock. Bridges, Chandler, Chastain,
Chngman, Colquitt, Cuttmc, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De
Witi, Dunbar, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Failey, Good-
rich, Green, Grey, Hunt, Lilly, Maxwell, Orr, Pennington,
j Powell, Preston, Riddle, Russell, Sabni, Seymoui, William
| Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Kichard H. Stanton, Alex-
! ander 11. Stephens, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Vail,
1 Walker, Walley, and Yates—44.
: NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willi"; Allen, David J.
I Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Boyee, Biooks, Camp-
bell, Caruthers, Chrismau, Clark, Cobb, Cox, Cullom, John
G. Davis, Dean, Disney, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman,
: Eddy, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Ethendge, Flag-
ler, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Ila-
: von, Hendricks Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Johnson, Daniel
| T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Knox,
Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lindley, Lindsley,
i McCulloch, McNair, Maurice, May, Mavall, Middle-
! svvarth, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan,
j Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oli-
! ver. Parker, Peck, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps,
| Pratt, Pnngle, Puryear, Richardson, David Ritchie, Rob-
i bins, Sapp, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit
j Smith, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Straub, An-
; drew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Vansant, Wade, Walsh, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Wells, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B.
Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—101.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
