1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
consideration of this question. I had not expected
that the House would have, by a vote of two
thirds, agreed to discharge the committee from
the further consideration of the subject. This sub-'
ject was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where I supposed it
would have been fully and amply discussed. The
question having been sprung upon me thus unex-
pectedly, I beg the House now not to discharge
the committee from the further consideration of the
subject, and at the proper time I shall endeavor to
satisfy the House that the report of the committee
ought not to be adopted by this House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to reply, Mr.
Speaker, in a very few words, to the remarks of the
honorablegentleman from Virginia, [Mr.McMuL-
ljn,] who was a co-laborer with me on that com-
mittee; and I cannot forbear expressing my regret
that he should have used the term of ii spring-
ing" this motion on the House. Why, sir, as
early as about the 12th of January last this com-
mittee was appointed,and in two weeks afterwards
it reported to this House. Awaiting with all re-
spect for the feelings of gentlemen opposed to it
to be manifested, I proceeded, two weeks after this
report was presented to the House, to move its
consideration, and the honorable gentleman from
Virginia requested that I would grant him another
week to prepare himself for opposition to it, as he
was about leaving the city, with which request I
at once complied. Well, Mr. Speaker, this, like
.many other good intentions which we make, has
grown old without fulfillment on our hands; and
now, after two months' waiting, we are charged
with ''springing " this motion on the House,and
we are told that at a proper time we shall have a
discussion of this important question.
Sir, what is the proper time for the Congress of
the United States to consider of its duties to others ?
What is the proper time for any man, oranycon-
f regation of men, to consider and discuss what
hey owe, and how they will discharge their debt
of gratitude to their benefactors ? There is no time
like the present. And as thegentleman from Vir-
ginia proceeded in his remarks to consider the
question which he should have asked to be brought
before the House, I presume that I have a right to
follow him in the discussion of this question; and
that i am the more willing to do because i was the
chairman,of the committee to which this subject,
on the part of the House, was referred; and it
therefore becomes me, if I should not be able to
justify the act which we ask this Congress to per-
form, at least to excuse and explain the motives
through which that act is recommended to the
House. And, Mr. Speaker, I shall takecare that in
this matter my feelings shall not get the better of
my judgment, though ( confess that my judgment
in relation to it has been formed from the feeling
which the heroism of those persons whom we ask
Congress to reward has excited, and my hopes
rest upon the conviction which I entertain of the
proper feeling and judgment of this House in this
matter.
Sir, it has been said,disparagingly,that§100,000
are to be appropriated as a reward to the rescuers
of our shipwrecked citizens on the San Francisco,
if this report be adopted. The honorable gentle-
man [Mr. McMullik] knows perfectly well—
though this House may have forgotten—that that
sum is the maximum which the President of the
United States is empowered to give for this or a
like purpose, if, on inquiry, he should find any
person peculiarly worthy of his consideration.
The committee to whom this matter was referred,
although it did possess some means of obtaining
information in regard to the services of those who
assisted on that perilous occasion, did not feel
that it could enter properly into all those particulars
which beseemed such a question, and the perform-
anceof such an important service; and the com-
mittee has therefore—with great propi iety, I think
—referred the settlement of such a matter to the
President of the United States. They have thus
referred it, because, as the Executive officer, he
might claim a part of the pleasure of discharging
the duty which we are undertaking; and in so
referring it to the President of the United States,
we give a larger nationality to the expression of
our gratitude.
For my own part, I confess that I have been in-
duced to vote for that in the committee for other
reasons. He possesses the means of bringing
together the information which could be acquired
in no other way, and thus be enabled to form a
correct judgment upon it.
But there is another motion, peculiar, I think,
which should be quoted upon this occasion. The
President of the united States is himself a man
of sorrow and acquainted with this kind of grief.
He can comprehend well what would be the feel-
ings of those whose hearts have been crushed by
such a calamity, and how others have been bene-
fited, though he could not be, by the interposition
of benevolence and heroism upon such an occasion.
Therefore it is that I think it meet and appropriate
that the President should be made the organ of
our action.
Thegentleman [Mr. McMullin] suggests that
the sum is large. I say again, sir, that I suppose
it is large, and will be large, but the maximum
only is presented. If we consider the services
performed, I, for one, should be ashamed if the
sum were not large. Sir, the sufferings were great,
the risks were great, and the deliverance of our
friends and fellow-citizens was truly great. There-
fore I think, whatever form of expression we use
in regard to it, should bear something of greatness
upon it. I cannot tell what would be the estimate
which the gentleman from Virginia would make.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.), I would
inquire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, what
the particular necessity is of urging this bill out
of its usual course, and putting it upon its passage
now?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the gentleman does not
see it, I am afraid i shall not be able to enlighten
him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am afraid the gen-
tleman himself does not see it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the gentleman does not
perceive that the expression of gratitude looses
its force by the lapse of time, I shall not be able
to make him understand the necessity of urging
this matter. Yet if the House will name a day
this week, or next week, for its consideration, I
will cheerfully consent to such an arrangement.
But still I think on the whole we had better dis-
pose of the matter now. I have but a few more
remarks to make.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to say that I hope the
House will dispose of this subject to-day. it will
consume more and more time the longer it is de-
layed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to say that we ought
to have had his resolution, for which he moved a
suspension of the rules, read. It seems to me
that we have now nothing tangible before us.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moved to suspend the rules to enable him
to introduce a resolution to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consider-
ation of the joint resolution relative to the relief
of sufferers by the disaster of the steamship San
Francisco.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would ask that the resolu-
tion be read.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
-of the Union he, and the same is herehy, discharged from
the further consideration of joint r«<o!uuon of the House,
(No 16,) and that the same be now put upon lte passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say to the
gentlemao from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandi.f.r]
that that is not the motion upon which the House
was called to act. To prevent any misunderstand-
ing, it is necessary that we understand each other
and each step that is taken in this matter. The
Chair, in recognizing the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, understood that he
moved a suspension of the rules, in order to ena-
ble him to submit a motion, that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
resolution, and that it did not embrace its consid-
eration before the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. Should 1 not be entitled
to make the motion for its consideration after the
vote which has been taken?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would be en-
titled to make that motion after the resolution lias j
come into the House. The Chair thinks it his
duty to notify the gentleman and the House as to
any misunderstanding which is likely to occur.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is not the resolution now
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House.
The Chair again states as he understood the gen-
tl^nan from Pennsylvania, that the motion made
by him did not embrace the proposition to con-
sider the resolution in the House. It is compe-
tent for the Hpuse to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the far-
ther consideration of a joint resolution for the pur-
pose of recommitting to a committee, or with the
intention, on the part of the mover, when the
committee are discharged from its further consid-
eration, to move a suspension of the rules, which
require all bills and resolutions that contain ap-
propriations of money to be considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
It is not for the Chair to determine what the pur-
pose of thegentleman from Pennsylvania was, ex-
cept as expressed by the motion which he made,
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution. The Chair holds
that it is competent to discharge the committee
from the further consideration of the resolution; but
embracing, as it does, an appropriation of money,
he decides, under another rule—the resolution
being before the House—that unless the rules be
suspended it would have to go to the committee.
Still the Chair holds that it would be competent to
recommit it.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
he move the previous question, and so get rid of
this matter.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish simply to say,
that I think we should progress in our business
very pleasantly if we could dispose of this sub-
ject now. I presume every gentleman here has
made up his mind in regard to it. I therefore
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. Thequestion nowis, "Shall
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further conspiration
of the resolution now under consideration?''
The question was then taken; and, a division
being had, there were—ayes 79; noesnotcounted.
So the committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I desire to
move the previous question upon the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 would inquire of the
Chair if the rules must be suspended to enable
the House to consider the resolution now?
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution, con-
taining as it does an appropriation, cannot be first
considered in the House without a suspension ot
the rules.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move then to suspend
the rule requiring measures containing appropri-
ations to be first considered in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union so far as this
joint resolution is concerned.
The question was put; and 76 rose in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
I Campbell were appointed.
f Mr. OLDS. I should like to ask the Chair a
| question. I understand that the Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union has been dis-
; charged from the consideration of this resolution.
| Now, suppose the House does not suspend the
! rule requiring it to be considered in committee,
i what will become of the resolution ?
i The SPEAKER. It will then be competent for
I the House to recommit it, to refer it to another
' committee^ or if they fail to dispose of it in any
1 such way it must be returned to the Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union.
| The question was then put; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 72; noes not counted.
! So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
! rules were not suspended,
j Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I call for
I the regular order of the day.
\ Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the joint res-?
! olution be recommitted to the select committee.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous con-
