1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1328
The forty-first amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
Page fourteen, lme three hundred and twenty-eight, after
the word " California" stnke out "$37,500," and insert
in lieu thereof $42,000; and that $5,000 of said sum be
paid to Robert Greenhow, assistant law agent to said board,
for services performed during the absence of the law agent."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a disagreement to this amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I made a demand for the
yeas and nays upon this amendment, but I with-
draw it, and ask for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
The forty-second amendmentof the Senate was
then read, as follows:
And the marshals of the northern and southern districts
of California shall have the same mileage and compensa-
tion for serving processes issuing from said commission as
are allowed to the sheriffs for serving similar processes by
the higher courts of California; and the same mileage and
per diem shall be made to witnesses as are allowed to wit-
nesses by the State of California.
TheSPEAKER. The Committeeof the Whole
recommend a non-concurrence with this amend-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the demand
1 made yesterday for the yeas and nays upon this
amendment, and ask for tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the demand for the
yeas and nays. I wish to see who will vote for
this partial legislation.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the demand
for tellers.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
The forty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
Strike out from pages fourteen and fifteen the following:
For compensation fur the discharge of the United States
consular duties at Constantinople, in conformity with the
act of Congress approved August II, 1848, $3,594 50, or s>o
much thereof as may be necessary, to be paid, under the
direction of the Secretary of State, to such person or per-
sons as may_be entitled to the same,or any portion thereof.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a concurrence with this amendment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The forty-ninth amendment was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 5. Jindbe it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the special mail agentof the Post Office Deportment
in California shall he $5,000 per annum ; such rate to take
effect in virtue of this provision from July 1, 1853.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a disagreement to this amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the demand
I made for the yeas and nays, upon this amend-
ment, and ask for tellers.
Mr. HAMILTON, i renew the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cutting and
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
move that the yeas and nays on this vote be en-
tered on the Journal; and I ask the Speaker to
have that provision of the Constitution read which
authorizes that to be done by a vote of one fifth of
the members present.
Mr. WHEELER. I move for a reconsideration
of the vote just taken; and on that 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] moves that the provision of
the Constitution, in reference to spreading on the
Journal the yeas and nays, be read. The Chair,
in the mean time, and in advance, decides that the
gentleman has no such right.
Mr. JONES. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the
provision referred to will be read.
Mr. DRUM. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, then read the fol-
lowing clause of the Constitution:
" Each House shall keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and from time to time publish the same, excepting such parts
as may, m their judgment, require secrecy; and the yeas
and nays of the members of either House on any question,
shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be entered
on the Journal."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. But one fifth did not
desire to have them entered.
Mr. JONES. 1 say the refusal at that time
does not deprive a member of his right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that a
refusal to order the yeas and nays by one fifth
does deprive a member of his right of having
them entered on the Journal.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The question must be taken
without debate.
Mr. JONES. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the appeal.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move to reconsider the vote last taken.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be entered,
but it cannot be acted upon until the question
upon the pending appeal is disposed of. The
history of this matter is this: The yeas and nays
were demanded by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and refused by the House. The
gentleman repeats that demand, and says that
under the Constitution he has the right to spread
the yeas and nays upon the Journal.
Mr. BOCOCK. How often has the gentleman
the right to repeat that demand?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not con-
sulted the gentleman. Upon the appeal from the
decision of the Chair the yeas and nays are de-
manded.
The yeas and'nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. Did I understand the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to move
to reconsider the vote last taken?
Mr. WHEELER. 1 did makethat motion.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York made that demand, and it has been entered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question then being " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?'' it was put; and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moved to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment'was adopted, and upon that proposi-
tion demanded the yeas and nays. The gentle-
man from California moves to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is it too late to inquire if the
gentleman from New York voted in the affirma-
tive ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes he did.
Mr. WHEELER. I did so vote for the pur-
pose of moving to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question was then put; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 81, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Ba>ly, Banks, Barry, Bell,
Benton, Bocock, Breckinridge, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chandler, Uha>tam, Chrisnjau, Clark, Colquitt, Cutting,
Dawbon, Dean, Disney, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Ed*
mundson, John M. Eliot, Farley, Florence, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Green, Henn, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Kuriz, Latham, Lmdsley, Mc-
Dougall, MeNair, May, John G Miller, Smith Miller, Nich-
ols, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Patker, Beckham.
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Richardson, Riddle, Shan-
non, Shaw, Shower, GeiriiSimth, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Geoige W. Smyth, Freder-
ick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Vansant, Walker, Westbrook, Witte, and Hen-
drick B. Wright—81.
NAYS-—Messrs. Belcher, Boyce, Bridges', Campbell,
Cobb, C«>x, Cuilom Cumming, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Drum, Dunham, Edmandj, Thomas D.
Eliot, Ellison, Ethendge, Everhait, Flagler, Giddings,
Goodrich, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. Har-
ris, Haven, Hendricks, Hill, Daniel 7\ Jones, George W.
Jones, Knot, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch,
Maurice, Mayall, Meacham, Middleswartli, Mill on, Mor-
gan, Morrison, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Pringle, Pnryear, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbing, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Skelton, Snod-
grass, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, Tiout, Upham, Vail, Wade, Walley,
Walsh, Ellihu B. Washbnrne, Wells, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—74.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The fifty first amendment was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 7. *flnd be it further enacted, That the portion of the
seventh section of the act of 26th August, 1852, entitled
" An act to provide for executing the public printing arid es-
tablishing the prices thereof, and foi other purposes," which
provides " that when any documents shall be ordered to be
piimed by both Houses of Congress, the entire printing of
such documents shall be done by the printer of that House
which first ordered the same," is hereby repealed; arid
when there are different pi inters for the respective Houses,
each shall do the printing which may hereafter be ordered
by the House electing hun j and so much of the printing for
the Executtvg Departments and bureaus of the Government
as is oidcied by the said act to be done by the public printer,
shall be equally divided between the printers of the two
Houses.
Mr. HAVEN. Upon that amendment I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 33, nays 102; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Bell,
Bocock, Brooks, Cai^kie, Chandler, Colquitt, Cutting, Dis-
ney, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Edmundson. Grey, Hill,
Kent, Letcher, Maurice, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Snod-
grass, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Hestor
L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Upham, Wells, Witte, and
Daniel B. Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James O. Allen, Willis
Allen, David J. l);uley, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher,
Benton, Bridges, Campbell, Caruthers, Chastain, Clark,
Clinginan, Cobb, Cuilom, Gumming, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dean, Dunham, Eddy, Edinauds, Ellison,
Etheridge, iiverhart, Farley, Flagler, Florence, Goodrich,
Green, Grow, Hamilton, Wiley P. Hams, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hillyer, Housion,Johnson, Daniel T.Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glamy Jones, Roland Jones, Knox,
Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lilly, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mac-
donaldj MeNair, Meacham, Middleswarfh. John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Moigan, Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Pen-
nington, Bishop Pei kins, John Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, Prin-
gle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Robbtns, Rufiin, Sabin, Sapp,
Seymoui, Shaw, Skelton, G^int Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Stratton, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walley, Elliliu B. Wash-
Imriie, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and Ilendrick B.
Wright—102.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The fifty-second amendment, in which the
Committee of the Whole recommended a non-con-
currence, was then read, as follows:
Sun. ft. Ji>\A be it further enacted, That 60 much of tho
act entitled ''An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government lor the year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for other purpose*," as
piovides for compensation to the Spanish consul and other*
for losses occasioned by violence at New Oilcans and at
Key West, in the year 1851, shall be so construed as to
place Michael Papprenifza, a subject of Austria, on the
same footing with subjects of Spain.
The question was taken; and the amendment
waa not agreed to.
The fifty-third amendment was then read, as
follows:
Sec 9. And belt further enacted, That foreustom-houses
and marine hospital*, and to complete the same,the follow-
ing sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated out of any
mowy in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely:
For completing the custom house at St. Loui3, Missouri,
$100,000;
For completing the custom house at Mobile, Alabama,
#65,000;
For completing the custom-house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$•10,000;
For completing the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, .$40,000;
For completing the custom house at Bangor, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware, {512,000 ;
For purchasing a site for a custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Island, $24,000;
For the purchase of a new site for the custom house in
San Francisco, $250,000; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized, if, in his judgment, the public
interest will thereby be promoted, to apply this appropria-
tion, and as much as may be necessary of former appropri-
ations. for the election of a custom house on the land re-
served for *aid purpose, to the purchase of a building or
buildings for a custom house and other public offices, and
the said Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
take all legal proceedings which may be necessary or ad-
visable to maintain and secuiethe possession and title of
the United States to the lot heretofore selected for the site
of a custom house;
For the erection of a custom-house at Portland, Maine,
including rooms for the United States court, and for a post
office, #200,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000;
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri,
$10,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
$8,000 ;
'J'ocomplete the marine hospital atLouisville, Kentucky,
$12,500;
To complete the marine hospital at Paduoab, Kentucky,
$5,000;
