1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
Tennessee, who has caused this communication
from the War Department to he read, whether
this matter has been up for consideration before
the Committee on Military Affairs at all or not?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, in reply to the
Senator from Arkansas, I will state to the Senate
that the Senator from Illinois,Uie chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Shields,] the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Weller,] and myself met, accord-
ing to order, [ think on Monday last. I am not
sure to the day. The three of us concurred in
support of this proposition. Since that time the^
Senator from Illinois has been called away by the
sickness of one of his colleagues m the other
House; and I believe every day since we have
had a called meeting of the committee, not one of
whom was there except the Senator from Califor-
nia and myself. We refused to report any prop-
osition which was before us, unless we were sat-
isfied that a majority of the committee approved
it. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson]
concurs with us in this proposition. Having had
no majority of the committee present, after the
Senator from Illinois left, we agreed to refer the
communication of the Secretary of War to the
Senate. We have had two or three meetings, but
there was nobody there but the Senator from Cal-
ifornia and myself.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is by the action of the
Finance Committee, I understand, that this
amendment is brought forward.
Mr. JON E8, of Tennessee. Not at all; by the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Finance
move to strike out the proviso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
it, this proviso comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the Finance Committee propose
to Strike it out. As many of the Committee on
Military Affairs as were present instructed me to
deliver to the Senate the communication of the
Secretary of War in response to the interrogatory
propounded by our chairman, I have done so.
That is all the connection we have had with it. .
Mr. JOHNSON. What I wanted to know
was, how the matter got before the Committee
on Military Affairs?
Mr. HUNTER. It is an amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance, undoubtedly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, this matter comes
up here now in the last hours of the session. I
hope and trust that the provision which has been
made by the House of Representatives will not
be altered or changed. We have a letter from the
War Department before us. It is on one side of
the matter, and that is all that we have. I can
state, what peihaps is familiar to the whole Sen-
ate, that this subject has been before the House
of Representatives for certainly more than one
session; that it has had long and deliberate con-
sideration there; that it has undergone repeated
debate; that there have been many facts collected
upon it; that full reports have been made in regard
to it; end after matme, long, and deliberate con-
sideration, this is the action winch has been had
there. I believe the consideration that can be
given to it by the Senate will amount to less than
nothing. Certar-ily it will amount to nothing in
regard to the investigation to be made by this
body, of the amount of facts that can be brought
before it properly now. It is a question as to
whether military supervision should be extended
over employments that are purely civil. I believe
the military ouofht to be restricted to their own
peculiar duties, and kept in their proper province,
and clear of the politics of the country. I think
that we ought to keep them out of civil employ-
ments, and leave it to civilians to perform the
duties of civilians. I hope the Senate will reflect
thus much at least in agreeing to the amendment;
that it will be a work in direct opposition to, and
in destruction of, what has been the result of the
long and mature deliberation of the House; and
that, if done at all, it will be done by us without
consideration.
Mr. I3RODHEAD. Although this is not a
proper occasion for much debate, yet I have a few
words to say in reply to the Senator fiom Ar-
kansas. While this has not been debated m the
Senate, it has been much considered m the tlorvse
of Representatives. It got into that body. They
have had much to do with it. They have had a
fcngand tedious in vestigat ion n bout — what' Why,
sir, to ascertain whether the superintendents of
tne two armones should be military men or civil-
ians. That is the whole subject. How does the
law now stand ? And what is the provision which
the proposition now under consideration proposes
to repeal? Uuder the existing iaw, the President
of the United States has the right to select the
two superintendents of our armories either from
the civil or military list; and why should he not
have that right? is it not consistent wxth the
I provision of the Constitution conferring upon him
! the appointing power? The honorable Senator
jyfrom Arkansas says that this is purely a civil em- <\
I ployment. How does that happen? Who is ||
more competent to judge as to the quality of an ji
arm to be used in the military service, than a mil- |j
itaryman? It is an employment which requires a !'
certain amount not only of military but mecnanical i j
knowledge. Where can you find any mechanic j!
in the country who has sufficient, or any reason- i!
able degree of, military knowledge? n
Mr. JOHNSON, if my friend will allow me, i
I will ask him what amount of mihtai y knowledge
J is necessary for a man to make a musket, or any
i other weapon that has to be made?
! Mr. BRODf-lEAD, The man who is to use
the weapon is most likely to know what kind of an
! arm should be made. Mechanics are etnployed
| in most of the branches of the military service.
: They are employed in fortifications. Does the
honorable Senator from Arkansas say that our
fortifications should be constructed by men from
i the civil list? Mechanics are employed in the
Army generally. A gratuitous cry has been got
up by some gentlemen in. relation to this matter,
and a collision attempted to be produced between
th"e military men and the mechanics of the coun-
try. The great body of the mechanics have noth-
ing to do with the question. They care but little
aboutit. They are attending to their own business
at home, and nl t coming here for the purpose of
seeking Government employment. I might say
much more, Mr. President, upon thissuoject, but
I know the impatience of the Senate to proceed to
business, and therefore desist.
AJ \ BAYARD. 1 am entirely in favor of the
amendment. As the bill comes to us from the
House, it disfranchises the officers of the Army
from holding the office of superintendent of our
armories, the duties connected with which they
ought necessarily, fiom their profession, to be
well acquainted with, i do not mean to say that
every officer of the Army would be fit to superin-
tend the manufacture of arms; but i do mean to
say that there are many who would be; and I can
see no principle, unless it is the jobbing principle,
which should induce you to restrict the Executive
authority in the selection of a man for the super-
intendency of the national armories, on account
of the occupation of the party. 1 know nothing
in the character of our officers, which should di •-
qualify them entirely en masse for such duties. I
think with the guardianship of the Senate over the
employment, by way of confirmation of the selec-
tion, the President ought to be left free to select
any citizen of the United Suites for the perform-
ance of the duties, whether he be an officer of the
Army or not, I can see no reason for the pro-
vision sent to us by the House unless it is to mul-
tiply civil offices with a view to increase the pat-
ronage of the General Government. [ can see no
other effect of it, and i am utterly opposed to it m
principle—so strongly opposed to it, that i would
hazard the bill, as far as my vote is concerned, if !
the House should insist on it. i do not believe ;
they would do so. 1 have often seen measures ;
adopted by an apparent majority, and when the i
Senate made an amendment, it has been disposed ■
of much more easily than it was supposed it i
would be. ;
This question has been before the Senate as i
well as hefoie the House. It may be perfectly 1
true that the commission which was sent out, .
found that the incumbents had or had not con- ;
ducted the affairs of these armories properly; but 1
that is nothing as to the general lule of military
or civil superintendence. The House knows no 1
more about it than we do. The question was be- !
! fore the Senate, and discussed at a former session, 1
, and the majority were then in favor of the pro- '
' priety, in general, of military supci nuendence. If \
. it were proposed to leave the selection to the !
President, to take either a ciuiian or an officer of !
■ she Army, I should not object to it; but the effect |
: of the bill, as it passed the House, is to exclude i
the selection by the President. Sir, it may be
well questioned—1 do not say as strictly a consti-
tutional question; but certainly, in the intent and
spirit of the Constitution, it may be well ques-
tioned—with what propriety you undertake to
disfranchise an officer of the Army, and say that
he shall not be appointed to a particular situa-
tion, when that situation is necessarily connected
with the performance of his duties. The officers
ought to be acquainted certainly with arms—with
their utility. They ought to be able to judge of
the manufacture of an arm, arid to say whether
it is a good and useful one or not. There is noth-
ing in the character of the soldier, nothing in his
education as we educate our officers, that would
disqualify him from having mechanical genius,
and being able to superintend mechanics. Look-
ing at the provision of the bill, as it came from.the
House of Representatives, as I do, I consider it
nothing more, I was going to say, than what is
called a Buncombe provision; and I mean to go
against everything of that kind.
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 do not rise to debate this
question. It was before the Senate on a former
occasion, and it resulted in authorizing the appoint-
ment of a commission to investigate and report
upon it. A very able commission—the names I
need not repeat—was sent, and they have reported
in favor of civil superintendency.
The construction of arms is a mechanical em-
ployment. It is understood most perfectly by
mechanics. If you will go into the establishments
for the manufacture of fire arms which are under
the superintendence of mechanics, you will there
see their superiority. Your own establishments,
under military superintendence, are behind them.
I am, therefore, sir, in favor of concurring in this
provision of the House of Representatives. I say
that this employment belongs to the mechanical
profession. If the mechanics of the country are
not competent to do this business, I have yet to
learn it. The measure is right, and I will say it
is irresistible. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
not agree to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MASON. This question was before the
Senate at the last session on a proposition to
amend the Army appropriation bill, with a view
to abolish the military superintendence of the-
armories, and place them under civil superintend
ence by the action of Congress. From the con-
sideration which I could give to the question thus
brought before us, I voted, according to my recol-
lection, upon the direct proposition to change the
mode of superintending the armories from military
to civil. I doubted about the vote at the time I
gave it. The consideration of the subject resulted,
however, in the Senate making an amendment to
the bill which I will now read. At the last ses-
sion, in 1853, this proviso was put in the Army
appropriation bill:
" That the act of Congress be so modified that the Presi-
dent may, it, m hi^ opinion, the public interest demand it,
place ovei any of the armones a superintendent who does
not belong to the Arm); and in order to enable him to de-
cide to hi  f-aii^iaction, he is* hereby authonzed to eauee
the necessary and proper inquiries to be instituted through
the medium of a commission ol civilians and military men,
with the view of asceitatmng winch of the two systems is
more economical, efficient, and ^afe for the management
of the public armories-—Unit formerly existing under the
supenmendftnee of civil officer's, or that now existing under
the superintendence of officers of the Ordnance Depart-
ment/'
; The President raised thatcommisoion—the one
1 spoken of by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey.] They made their report, as I have been
1 info-med. I have never read it. I have been in-
; formed that it is a very voluminous one. They
made it to the President. The President has not
thought proper to change the mode of the super-
intendency. The armories are left now in charge
of the military, as they were before. The letter
of the Secretary of War, which has just been
read to us, I presume, may be taken as the expo-
nent of the President's opinion on the matter thus
submitted to his discretion. Now, having so
legislated twelve months a^o, and having left it
to the President to determine, I am unwilling to
disturb it. I can fonn no private judgment in
the matter. As long as it is the policy of the
Government to manufacture their own arms, the
Executive must be responsible for the manage-
ment nf the armones The honorable Secretary
has said in terms that if you cannot leave the
Executive iu-ponsiole for the manufacture of tha
