614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
sent of the House to enable me to report, frfcm
the select committee upon that subject, "A bill to
provide for the establishment of railroad and tele-
graphic communicati6n between the Atlantic States
and the Pacific ocean, and for other purposes."
Mr. BOCOCK. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from California if he merely
proposes to have the bill referied to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed?
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is my purposfe.
Mr. JONES. If that is the gentleman's pur-
pose I do not object.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business. That will bung up
all these bills and resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to suspend the
rules so as to enable me to introduce the bill.
The question was put; and, two thirds voting
in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
The bill was then introduced, and read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the rules be
suspended, to enable me to move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, made the special order for the
second Tuesday in May next, and printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will not
make this bill the special order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The second Tuesday in
May has been named as the day for the consid-
eration of this measure by the general consent of
its friends.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and several
members answered to their names.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to sug-
gest to the gentleman from California 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is too late. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish, with
the unanimous consent of the House, to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from California.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Georgia be
permitted to submit an interrogatory to the gen-
tleman from California ?
There was no objection.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would inquire of the
gentleman from California what time lie proposes to
make his bill the aperial order ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The second Tuesday of
May next, which will afford two months' time for
examination by members of the House into the
provisions of the bill previous to its consideration
nere.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to making the measure proposed by the
gentleman the special order for the time specified.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to special orders.
The question was then taken on the motion to
make the bill a special order as indicated; and it
was disagreed to, two thirds not voting in the
affirmative—yeas 116, nays 51); as follows:
YI'jAS—Mcs?r«. Jamos (J. Allen, VVitliv Allen, Appleton,
Banks, Barkfdale, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
sell, Breckinridge, Bruises, Bul'2, ranipbeil, Caruihei^
Clmmherlain, Clia<o,Clit.-inan, (Muirelnvoll, (,'ob'i. Cook,
Coy:, Cutting, John (J. Davits, Dawson, Dean, Do Witt,
Dickinson, Disttev, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Rddy, lOti-
mand-*, Elliott, Elhs-on, Kn^li^U, Ewing, Floienoe, Good-
rich, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley
P. Harris, Harrison, HaMin^, Hendueks, flenn, Hunter,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jone^, Koti,
Knox, Lamb, Lane, Lindlev, I,tndsley, MeDou ;ill. Mc-
Mullm, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Mm G. Miller, Smith Mil-
ler, Nicliot*, NofoWvi Norton, Olds, lWordee.it Oliver, Pen-
nington, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Preston, Ready,
Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbing, Rogers, llu^ell,
Sabni, S.ige, Sapp, Shannon, Simmon*, Singleton, Gerrif
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Fiodenek P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, He^toi L. Stevens Siratton,
Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed,
Uphaui, Vail, Walbridee, Walley, W.nren, Elhhu B.
Washbume, Israel Wa- hhurn, Well-!, John tWntworth,
Tappan Wentworth, Yates, and Zolhcoffer— 116.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie,Aiken,Thomas H. Bayly,
Bocock, Brooks, Ca^kie. Chandleiy Oliastain, Oiuicmau.
Craise, Cnlloin, Cumnung, Dent, Edmund^on, Farley,
Faulkner, Fuller, Giddings, Gonde, Grow, Anion Hailan,
Sampson W. Harris, Hav^n, Flibhard, Houston. Irigei^oll,
Daniel T. Jones, G'-or^e W, J G'rwiey Jone*,
Kuitz, Letcher, Lilly. McCulloch, MeXair, MoCiu-'en,
Maurice, Mayalt, Meaeham, Muldleswditlu Million, Mor-
gan, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Bishop Perkins, Powell,
Pratt, Pringle, Piiryear, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Skelton,
George W Smyth, Snodgrass, Tiaey, Vansant, Wade, and
Wheeler—CO.
So the House refused to make the bill a special
order.
The SPEAKER. The question now reenrs on
committing the bill to the Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordering it to be
printed, if there be no objection that order will
be made.
There was no objection-, and the order was
accordingly made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the voteby
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,and ordered
to be punted; and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HIRAM POWERS STATUARY.
Mr. HARRISON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent ofthe House to introduce the following reso-
lution, which is one merely of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of purchasing from
IJiram Powers, the great Ameiican fculptor, now residing
in FJi/tence, Italy, ?ome work of art, commenioiativc of
American^enii^ and history, and of such fund and char-
acter a* will he an appropriate embellishment of theCajntol
ofthe United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the intro-
duction of the resolution, and call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to suspend the
rales of the House, that the resolution may be
introduced.
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended.
The resolution was then adopted.
CUBAN AGGRESSIONS,
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. After consult-
ation with the other members of the Committee
on Foreign Allan's, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the Committee on Foreign Affair* be in-
struct erf to inquiM; and leport such action a> nnv be necos-
s.tiy and propri lor Conyresft to enable the Provident ot the
United Slate-? to redie^-s the outrages recently committed
on the Am* ot the United States, and the persons and prop-
ertv ot its citizens, by the. SpaniMi Government, or its
officer, m Cuba, and to secure the United States from
fuiuie danger or annoyance resulting from the action ofthe
Spanish authonties.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would have no
objection to that resolution being adopted but for
the adoption of a resolution the otherday,on mo-
tion by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] calling on the President for information in
refeience to this subject. I think the resolution is
somewhat objectionable. It assumes that an out-
rage has been committed, of which we have at
present, no certain information; and therefore it is
that I make objection to its consideration.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Why, sir, it is a
mere resolution of inquiry, and I do not see any
point whatever in the objection offered to it by my
friend from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman fiom Louisiana is objected to.
Mr. PERKINS. Then 1 move to suspend the
ruUs of the House to admit it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the Speaker
direct the Clerk to report the resolution again, so
that we may see whether it is debatable?
The resolution was accordingly read a second
time.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, we in this part
of the House could not hear what was said by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr. Bayly,] but, from the tenor of the remarks
which we heard, we supposed that that committee
had had perhajjs some action on this subject.
We are willing to do what may be deemed rea-
sonable if the committee will only inform us what
it is they desire.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] explain ?
There was no objection.
Mr. BA"\LY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
on that point that my friend from Louisiana [Mr.
Perkins! has offered a resolution of inquiry
solely. That is all. He consulted the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs as to that point before he
offered his resolution. I see no objection that can
apply to it. It is purely a motion of inquiry.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I desire to
withdraw my objection to theresolution; and have
merely to say, that my only motive in objecting to
it was, that the gentleman from Alabama intro-
duced a resolution making a call on the President
of the United States for information on the sub-
ject, which information I suppose the House will
receive in a day or two; and that this resolution
of the gentleman from Louisiana assumed—m ad-
vance of the response of the President to the res-
olution of the gentleman from Alabama—that aii
outrage had been committed. I consider this as-
sumption premature; but if the Committee ot>
Fojejgn Affairs desire that the resolution now be-
fore the House be offered I withdraw my objec-
tion to it.
The SPEAKER. Ts it the unanimous consent
of the House to permit the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to withdraw his objections to the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr.„WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Louisiana to
suspend the rules.
Mr. DEAN. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask for tellers on
the motion to suspend the rules; and I beg leave
to say again to the House that tfris is merely a
resolution of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark to
the gentleman from Virginia that the yeas and
nays have already been demanded on that ques-
tion, by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Deyn.]
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mi. DEAN. Then I withdraw my call for the
I yeas and nays.
j The SPEAKER. The question then-recurs on
| the demand for tellers, made by the gentleman from
i Virginia, on the motion to suspend the rule.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris and
Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes were not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE hereobtained the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will yield for a
single moment, if 1 do not thereby lose my right
to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
any bargain between members.
Mr. LANE. I will not ask the floor if the
House refuses to grant the motion I wish to make,
and that is, that the third week m April be set
apart for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr HAVEN, i object. I would do as much
as any one to help the gentleman from Oregon?
but I object to making special orders at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire
whether the gentleman from Kentucky has yielded
the floor >
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have not.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman will allow me to
make an inquiry of thegentlenian from New York?
[Mr. Havlnt-I
The SPEAKER. Both gentlemen cannot oc-
cupy the floor at the same time.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have not yielded
the floor, and I now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to take up the deficiency ap-
propriation bill.
The question was put; and there were, upon
a division, ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the (Jnion,
(Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
before the committee is a Senate joint resolution,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the expenses of codifying and revising the rev-
enue laws.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If it be in order, I
