W24
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
#2.000;
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $4,400; and to construct a marine hospital at Bur-
lington, Iowa, $15,000.
Mr PECK. Upon that amendment I demand
-the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and decided in the
negative—yeas 40, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benton, Thomas Davis, De Witt,
Disney, Dunbar, Edmands, Thomas D. Ehot, Ellison, Ev-
erhart,Farley, Florence,Giddings,Goodrich, Green, Aaron
Harlan, Henn, Hill, Hunt, Johnson, Latham* Lmdley,
Lindsley, Macdonald, Smith Miller. Phillips, Preston, Rid
die, Gerrit Smith, Frederick P Stantwi, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, John L.
Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Wade, Walley, John Went-
worth, and Tappan Wentworth—-40,
NAVS—Messrs. Jamea C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ash*,
David J. Bailey, Banks, Barkndale, Barry, Belcher, Bo-
cock, Boyce, Bridge-*, Campbell, Cliastain, Chrisman,
Clark, Chngrnan. Cobb, Colquut, Cullom, Cuitf8, Cutting,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Doan, Drum, Dunham, Ea^hnan,
Eddy, Edmundson, Ethcndge, Flagler, Gamble, Grow,
Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Haven,
Hendricks, Hilhcr, Houston, Hughes, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
Knox, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McNair,
Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Muldleswarih, Millson,
Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Parker, Peck, Peckham,Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John
Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pnngle, I'uryear, Richardson,
David Ritchie, Robhins, Rnffin, Russell, Snpp, Seymour,
Shaw, Shower, Skelton, William Smith, George W.
Smyth, Snodgrass, Stratum, Straub, John J. Taylor, Na-
ilmitiel G. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Vail, Vacant, Walsh,
Elhhu B. Wa*hburne, Wall*, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel
B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—104.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Immediately after the commencement of the call
of the yeas and nays,
Mr. BENTON addressed the Chair, and said:
I believe this is a vote upon the custom-house
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BENTON. Then I-desire a separate vote
upon each appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It is questionable whether
an amendment, coming to the House as a whole,
is divisible. However that may be, it is too late
to make the request, a response having been made
to the call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRATT, pending; the call, gave notice that
be had paired off with Mr. Harrison, of Ohio,
upon several questions, of which this was one;
and that otherwise he should have voted in the
negative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider th* vote juet taken, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion;
and it was agreed to.
So all the amendments were disposed of.
secretary's report on banks.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I now offer the
resolution which I desired to offer thin morning.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That one thmiKind five hundred extra copies
of the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the condition o( the bank* ol the United States, commu-
nicated lo the House of Representatives on the lltli in-
stant, he printed for the use oi the Treasury Department.
Mr. STANTON. I move to put the resolution
upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman if the Secretary of the Treasury could
not order it to bp printed? This House has or-
dered it to be printed. The form is already up,
and an appropriation ie made every year to pay
the expenses of printing for the Executive De-
partment. I ask the gentleman whether the Sec-
retary could not order the report to be printed,
without coming here and having it ordered to be
done by the House?
Mr. STAN TON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury addressed a note to the Superintendent of
Public Printing, requesting that this document
should be published by him for the use of the
Treasury Department. The Superintendent and
the Committee on Printing thought that the Su-
perintendent himself had no power to authorize a
document of this kind to be printed for the use of
this Department, or for any other Department;
hence the necessity of referring the matter to the
House. He had no right to order the republica-
tion of a document which has been ordered to be
published by Congress. If he had, he could re-
publish the President's message, or the Patent
Office report, or any other document which this
House has previously ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman if he knows whether the forms
for the printing of this document have been dis-
tributed or not; or whether it has been so long
since we ordered it to be printed that we shaii be
obliged to pay again for its composition ?
Mr. STANTON. You will not have to pay
for its composition; for three weeks have not
elapsed since the House ordered it to be printed.
If ordered to be printed to-day, but one composi-
tion will have to be paid for.
Mr. JONES. Then I propose to modify the
resolution by inserting a proviso, as follows :
Provided, That it shall not cost for second composition.
Mr. STANTON. There is no necessity for
that, because the law now provides for the same
thing.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
particular necessity there is for having these fifteen
hundred copies printed for the useoftheTreasury
Department? If there is no necessity for it, and
the Treasury Department have authority to print
their own documents, I do not think it is our bus-
iness to supply them. What do they want them
for?
Mr. ORR. I suppose for distribution.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I do not think it
is our business to authorize the printing of these
extra numbers for that purpose. I am opposed
to it. If the law does notauthorize them to doit
at the Department, let it not be done.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion agreed
to; and thereupon,
At three o'clock, p. m., the House adjourned
until Monday next, at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 29, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 9th instant, directing him to furnish the Sen-
ate with a communication from H. S. Sanford,
late charge d'affaires at Paris, on the different sys-
tems of penal codes m Europe; and also a report
on the administration changes in France since the
revolution of 1848; which was read, and ordered
to be printed.
A motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, that
one thousand additional copies of the message and
documents be printed, was referred to the Com-
mittee yn Printing.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of A. S. Robinson, cashier of the bank
of the State of Missouri, at St. Louis, praying
the payment of a balance due to that bank for
advances for the use of certain companies of Mis-
souii voiunteeis called into service during the late
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, professing the Jewish leli-
gion,praymg that measures may be taken to secure
to American citizens of every creed, their civil
and religious rights while in foreign countries;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of De Soto county, Mississippi, praying a repeal
or suspension of the duty on railroad iron; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of inhabitants
of the town of Wheatland, Virginia, praying a re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, ♦
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of Sarah
Griffin, praying compensation for the services of
her father, Colonel James Williams, and the
destruction of property during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the memorial
of the heirs and legal representatives of William
Turvin, praying permission to enter, on any of
the public lands subject to private entry, a quan-
tity of land equal in value to certain lands claimed
by them under a Spanish grant, and sold as Gov-
ernment lands; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
John Randolph Clay, Minister of the United
Slates at Peru, on the subject of affording relief
to destitute citizens of the United States in foreign
countries, have directed me to submit a report on
the subject, accompanied by a bill " making pro-
visions for the relief of destitute citizens of the
i United States in foreign countries."
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of G. M. Farnham,
commercial agent of the United States at Port
Lewis and the Mauritius, have directed me to
make a report, accompanied by a bill to authorize
the payment of his drafts. I desire to say to the
Senate that these reports and bills were prepared
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ever-
ett,] who, I am very much concerned to say, has
informed me that in consequence of the condition
of his health, fears he cannot resume his place in
the Senate. He was instructed by the Committee
on Foreign Relations to report a bill in each of
these cases, and I have taken his place by request.
I must take occasion to express my own sincere
regret at the loss of that very distinguished Sena-
tor, and I am sure I express in this the common
sense of the Senate—I certainly do of his col-
leagues on the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Francis A. Gibbons and F. X. Kelly, praying
payment of their claim for the erection of certain
light-houses on the Pacific coast, submitted a
leport thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration, which he said he would call up
to-morrow:
Resolved, (the House concurring,) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House ot Representa-
tives adjourn their respective Houses sine die on Monday,
the 3d of J uly next, at twelve o'clock, m.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 desire to say, Mr. President,
thatifl had been present on the night on which
the Kansas and Nebraska bill was passed, I
should have voted m favor of its passage. 1 did
not expect that a final vote would be taken on it
then; and the state of my health would not have
justified me, unless 1 had deemed it indispensably
necessary to remain up during the night, in con-
sequence of which, knowing that the friends of
the bill had a majority, I retired from the Senate.
If I had been present, 1 should have voted for its
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the bill
to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas
The PRESIDENT pro tempore thereupon signed
the above named bill.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to seize this oppor-
tunity to make an explanation in justice to my
two friends from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead
and Mr. Qooper.] It will be recollected by the
Senate that some time ago, when we had under
consideration the bill allowing a credit for a limited
period for the payment of duties on railroad iron
imported into the United States, in answer to an
application made that the bill should be postponed
until the two Senators from Pennsylvania should
be present, 1 made jocosely a remark to the effect
that I could hardly agree to the application; for it
might be equivalent to an indefinite postponement.
ft was suggested to me immediately afterwards,
and I saw the propriety of it, that the remark
was calculated to be misunderstood. I at once
