1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBJB.
1325
requested that it should be left out of the official re-
port of the proceedings; but, sir, it has got into
the newspapers, and I have been excessively mor-
tified to see that it has been quoted over and over
again in the Pennsylvania papers, as if it had been
intended to convey some serious reflection on those
gentlemen as being causelessly absent, or other-
wise inattentive to the public business, especially
business in which their State is concerned. I have
felt mortified that a joke (a poor joke it was) ut-
tered by me at the time without any ill intention,
should have been used for a purpose so far from
niy mind, and so "exceedingly unjust to those gen-
tlemen. I expressed to both the gentlemen at an
early moment my exceeding regret for my indiscre-
tion, and 1 have been looking for aconvenientand
proper time to make this statement in the Senate.
It was very far from my thoughts to make any
reflection on thegentlemen,and 1 am veryfarfrom
believing that either of them is ever causelessly
absent from the performance of his duties here, or
negligent, or otherwise inattentive to them. I very
sincerely regret that I ever made a remark capa-
ble of being used in an ill sense to either of them.
I hope my honorable friends will accept this state-
ment as the best reparation in my power, and par-
don me for the remark which made this statement
necessary.
  INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
House bill " making appropriations for the cur-
rentand contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June30,
1855."
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is open to amend-
ment. If there be no proposition to amend the
bill, the question is on ordering it to be read a third
time.
Mr. WALKER. I had an amendment which
I designed to offer. It was what is known as the
Menomonee claim. But I am informed by the
chairman of the committee, that he has received
information from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, that a treaty has lately been made with that
tribe of Indians, in which some arrangement of this
matter, or an arrangement of it to some extent,
has been made. Not knowing to what extent the
treaty goes, X shall, and the committee will also
be, unahieto give the necessary information to the
Senate, to enable it to judge how far it could go,
and yet not do injustice either to the Government
or to the Indians. On this account, 1 shall, for the
present, and upon this bill, withhold the amend-
ment until we can see the treaty.
Mr. BROWN. I have the following amend-
ment to propose from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. —. -And he it further enacted, That the Secretary
of th« Interior htt authorized and required to investigate
the claim of the Brotherton tribe of Indian5* against the
United states, and report the facts to Congress at its next
session, or earlier if pi acts cable, together with a statement
of such amount as may be found justly due to said In-
dians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 now return the memorial of
this tribe of Indians, and ask that the Committee
on [ndian Affairs be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the Secretary of the Sen-
ate be instructed to transmit it to the Secretary of
the Interior.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Since the la^t discussion
of this bill I have received from the Department
of the Interior several estimates; and I have some
amendments to propose in conformity with them.
The first amendment from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs is to insert:
For payment of A. V. Crown and other*, Chickasaw
traders, for ransom of George W. and Meredith Wilson
from the Camanche Indians, and to reward the services of
persons engaged m that service,   dollais.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a private claim, as I
understand it. There is no law and no treaty to
authorize it, I believe.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is recommended bythe
Department.
Mr. BROWN. It ought to go into the bill.
Mr. RUSK. Certainly; it ought by all means.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would call the
attention of the Senator from Arkansas to the fact
that there is a blank in the amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The sum of #1,000 is
suggested by the committee as appropriate for the
purpose of filling the blank.
The blank was so filled; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, which_is in pursuance of the
estimates:
To enable the President to negotiate a treaty with the
Indians m Michigan, §'10,000.
The object of this amendment is to place a fund
of $10,000 in the hands of the President, to enable
him to treat with the Chippewa Indians, in Mich-
igan, of whom there are some seven or eight
thousand. We have a treaty with them which
will expire in two years, when there will be sud-
denly thrown into their hands about a quarter of a
million of dollars. It is very desirable that that
fund shall be diverted from disposition among
them, for the purpose of securing them a permanent
home. For this purpose it will be necessary to
make a new treaty with them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is to insert:
For salary of five Indian agents of the second class,
according to existing laws, at the rate of $1,500 per annum,
in future, $2,500.
The object of that amendment I will explain.
By the act of 1851, reorganizing the Indian de-
partment, there were two classes of Indian agents
allowed. The first class were to receive a salary
of $1,500, and the second class §1,000. Five of
the six agents were located in-the proposed Terri-
tories of Nebraska and Kansas. In consequence
of treaties lately made with all those Indians, the
class of duties imposed on those agents, as I am
advised by the department, is such as pertain to
the duties of first class agencies. It is proposed,
therefore, to put their salary on the same footing
as their duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have one other amend-
ment. The last day, when this bill was under
consideration, we rejected a proposition to^ give
clerks to the superintendents of Indian affairs in
Washington and New Mexico Territories. The
committee have since had that subject under con-
sideration. The result of their deliberations was
that they were unanimously satisfied that there
was a great necessity for allowing clerks in those
two particular supermtendencies. The reason of
it is briefly this: Where the duties of superintend-
ent and Executive are united, as in the persons at
present incumbents of the office of Governor in
these two Territories, it is obvious to every man
that it is impossible for them, of themselves, to dis-
charge the duties as they ought to be done without
that clerical assistance which seems to be denied
by existing laws. We propose to allow to the clerk
in Washington Territory $1,800,and in New Mex-
ico $1,000. The difference in the salaries arises
out of the difference in the circumstances m each
case. The services can be obtained for a much
less amount in the one Territory than in the other,
and that accounts for the difference between the
salaries recommended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to bp en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, its title was
amended by adding "and for other purposes."
deficiency eill.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. McKean,its Chief Clerk.
Mr. President : I am directed In convey to the Senate,
Willi Hit' aclimi of the House of Representatives on the
amendment* of the Senate thereto, the hill of the Home to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year,ending Jane 30, IBM-
Mr. HUNTER. I ask, by unanimousconsent,
that that bill be taken up for consideration now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill. . .
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, disagree to the amendments of
the House to the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses,
Mr. ADAMS. I hope not. ,
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope we shall not insist on
I all our amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better have a com-
mittee of conference at once. That is the usual
course.
The PRESIDENT put the question on Mr.
Hunter's motion; but it was found there was not
a quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow these amendments to be read. I
do not know that I have objeotion to insisting on
any of them, except one. There is one amend
ment, about which I said something when it was
under the consideration of the Senate, and that is
respecting the public printing. 1 think the Senate
had better recede from them now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that there
is a quorum present. I did not vote when the
question was up, and I saw a number of others
who did not vote on either side. 1 would suggest,
therefore, that there be a recount. As to the
mere matter of insisting or non-insisting upon
every particular amendment, I suppose no gentle-
man is committed to that by the proposed motion.
It seems to me, however, that the proposition of
the Senator from Virginia is entirely proper.
That course evidently saves time. A great many
of these amendments will be conceded at once by
the Senate committee of conference. As the
course suggested by the motion of the Senator
from Virginia saves time, and as it has been the
usual practice of the Senate, I hope the motion
will be agreed to. I ask for a recount.
Mr. ADAMS. The only reason why I ob-
jected to a committee of conference is, that I,
as an individual, approve of everjr amendment
made by the House of Representatives, and am
willing to recede from every amendment made by
the Senate which the House have not agreed to.
If a majority should concur with me in opinion,
as the amendments are read they can be disposed
of, and there will be no necessity for any com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. PETT1T. If I understand this is the bill
upon which we put the appropriation of $500,000
for the water-works in this city, and the House
has refused to concur in that amendment.
Mr. GWIN. And various others.
Mr. PETTIT. For one, then, I shall not vote
to insist upon our amendments, for I am tolo ccelo
against that amendment. I will therefore vote
against the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I would simply refer to the
past practice of the Senate. We have found that
we can dispose, of appropriation bills more readily
and more conveniently by raising committees of
conference at once instead of attempting to debate
each particularamendmentin theSenate. 1 imagine
the points of difference will be arranged by the
committee in a manner which will probably be
satisfactory here? If not, the Senate can reject
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. STUAR T. Does not a motion to recede
from that amendment take precedence of the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia?
The PRESIDENT. Such is the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. STUART. Then I submit the motion
that the Senate recede from that amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
the propriety of reading the amendments which
have been disagreed to by the House, and then a
vote can be taken on each proposition separately,
if necessary.
Mr. STUART. That is the course t suggested
at first.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
that course will be pursued.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object, if it is in the power
of one member to do so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is unnecessary to read
all the amendments.
Mr. WALKER. Has not any one Senator a
right to demand that they be read ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, any Senator
has a right to demand it.
Mr. WALKER. Then I call for the reading
of the amendments.
The Secretary read the first amendment which
the House had amended, which was the fourth
amendment of the Senate.
The House agreed to this amendment, which
was to pay Thomas M. Johnson for his services
as marshal at the port of Shanghai, with an amend-
ment reducing the amount of the appropriation
from $1,798 91 to $1,781 74. .
