1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
them, so far as I know, of equal authority with
that which we have on the other side. The law,
as it now stands, authorizes the President to se-
lect either military men or civilians'; and I have
confidence enough in that Executive, if his own
party has not, to believe he will exercise his power
faithfully, and further, I have that confidence in
the Secretary of War, in his intelligence, his hon-
esty, and his capacity to judge of this subject,
which makes him, in my opinion, outweigh the
testimony of a thousand such civilians as were on
that commission. I know very well how this
thing is got up. I know how it was when the
civil superintendency was put down in 1842. 1
ought, perhaps, to Mush to say, but I know the
fact, that politicians at that day arrested the, set-
ting up of military superintendence because they
wanted to make political machines of these na-
tional armories. They complained that the Dem-
ocratic party would not, as they heretofore had
done, use them as political agencies. They de-
sired to do so still. I am happy to say that the
Whig Congress of that day had the honesty and
courage to do their duty, and refuse to use these
armories to stimulate, and gratify, and pander to
an inordinate thirst for political place.
I am told that on the list of petitioners who
come from Springfield therearenotonlythe names
of discharged armorers and disappointed appli-
cants for the position, but runaway negroes have
their names on it. I have beencredibly informed,
and believe it to be so. I will state a fact. 1 have j
before me a letter addressed to this committee hy
citizens of Springfield. It is signed by forty-five
persons. Out of the forty-five there are twenty-
five who are either ex-armorers, who have lost
their morsel of mammon, and are greedy to get it
again, or candidates for the offices of superintend-
ent and military storekeeper, or employees, clerks,
of one of the persons who is himself a candidate
for one of those offices. Those are the sort of
papers on which this public opinion is got up ! I
hope, therefore, no one will renew these clamors
here. Hear what the Secretary of War says:
" Viewing Uie national armories as a part of the military
establishment of the country, I think it desirable to exclude
from them She influence of party politics. Their superin-
tendence by officers ot the Army, it*s hoped, will always
secure such exclusion. Permanence of a good and com-
petent superintendent and the prompt removal of an mcom
petent one are equally desnabie. The employment of
Army otficers who do not owe their position to the success
of political friends, and who can at any moment be trans-
ferred to other duty, it is believed offers the most certain
means of securing both these objects. A civil superintend
ent, who owed his appointment to political considerations,
would naturally feel his position to be temporary, and would
rarely resist the importunity to bestow the suboidmate
places upon his political friends. The end to be anticipated
from this would be a deterioration in the character of the
military weapons, upon the efficiency of which so mainly
depends the military power of a countiy, and its triumphs
or defeat, its glory or shame, in a period of war."
I need read no more than that. But gentlemen
talk about the superior skill displayed in the pri-
vate manufactories of arms. It is very true that
fancy arms are made in perfection at private
armories; but it is equally true that a military
man, with proper intelligence, is more qualified
than any other man, to judge of the efficiency and
proper construction of the weapon which he is to
use in the field. That is a very different thing
from the fancy weapon. In 1842 we changed the
superintendency. Prior to that time, it was sup-
posed by many persons that civilians invented
much better arms than under military superin-
tendence. Hall's rifle, which was loaded at the
breech, was invented, but it is now not used at
all A remarkably ingenious and skillful man got
up Hall's rifle, and filled the armories with it; but
when taken into action, it was found that it would
not answer at all, and it wasabsolutely abandoned.
It is very true that our arms, under the civil
superintendency, were superior to the arms of
Europe, as a general thing; but it is as true that
our arms now are superior to what they were in
1842, when the superintendence was changed.
The superiority keeps pace with the progress of
time. We are still ahead of the arms of Europe;
and I believe the arms of Europe are not to be
compared with our own. We have improved
them; and we have diminished the cost since the
establishment of the military superintendency. I
do not know that it is asserted to the contrary.
Mr. TOOMBS. How about the houses for
officers to live in ?
Mr. PEARCE. I take it that if officers desire
to live in good houses, the civilians will desire the
same; and I rather think the former keep the
establishments in a greatdeal better order. Iam
satisfied of it from all i have read and heard on
the subject. 1 do not believe there is a solitary
reason for changing this system except it is to
throw it into the general scramble which seems
now to be the object in this country. I should
like to have one green spot on the face of the
earth, if no more. Let us keep party politics, if
we can, out of the national armories. God knows
what Administration may come in hereafter.
Many things happen, and great disappointments
are incurred, as the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] well knows. I have no doubt he thinks it
would be prudent to have it in his power to choose
and select able men, whether military or civil, for
the superintendency; and if I could fancy the
time when he would have that power, I should
very cheerfully leave it to him, as well as to the
present President, to make that selection. Cer-
tainly, sir, there is no good reason for making the
change. Besides, what propriety is there in com-
pelling the President to appoint civilians? It os-
tracizes military men. They have done nothing
in peace or war which justifies our passing such
a censure as this, declaring that they are not fit to
be at the head of establishments which are a part
of the military system of the country. I know
nothing to justify our casting such a censure upon
them; and I trust the Senate will not agree to it.
Mr. CLAY. Before the Senator from Mary-
land takes his seat, I desire him to answer me
two questions for information. I wish to ask,
whether the military superintendents receive any
additional pay for that service ?
Mr. PEARCE. I believe not.
Mr. CLAY. Then I desire to know whether
the civilians who are candidates for the office pro-
pose to serve for the honor or pay?
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose they would hold
honor in the same estimation as Jack FalstafF did.
[Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment. <
Mr. MALLORY. When this question came
before the Senate, on a former occasion, I voted
against it, and since that time 1 have given some
little attention to the subject. If any Senator has
doubts about the facts involved upon the other
side of the question, from reading the report of
the House committee, I recommend him to give
a glance at the able statement which the Hon.
Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, made as a mi-
nority report. He has accumulated a vast quan-
tity of facts, and disclosed, which has not yet
been mentioned here, that a large number of the
employees at Springfield have come forward vol-
untarily and appealed to Congress to make no
change in what they denominated the admirable
system prevailing there at this time. They sub-
scribe their names, and the armorer gives us his
affidavit that the signatures were obtained by
himself with others. As the honorable Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] has referred to
the report of the commission lately appointed, I
will say that when this subject was broached in
, 1841, Mr. Charles Davis, so well known as a
1 man of science, and two other highly respectable
gentlemen were appointed a board of examination,
and they reported unanimously in favor of the
military superintendence. I will also say that
i the matter underwent a thorough investigation in
! the House in 1842, and that Mr. Goggin, of Vir-
[ ginia, made a report in favor of it. It is the most
' effective system, because it produces a better arm
| at a lower price than was done under the civil
| superintendency. We have not before us one
fact which prudent men, m private life, would be
governed by, in changing the superintendency.
The committee disclose the fact that much of the
testimony upon which the House have acted in
the matter has been obtained from persons directly
interested in it
Mr. ADAMS I only wish to say that I un-
derstand the House have refused, by a large ma-
jority, to concur in our resolution in regard to the
time of adjournment.
| Mr. BAYARD. Notwithstanding that, I beg
I leave to moke a few remarks on this question,
j When it was under consideration before, as the
| law then stood, it required the appointment of m'll-
! itary superintendents. I thought the restriction
I then wrong, and voted in favor of the alteration
of the law, so as to leave the discretion to the Pres-
ident to select the superintendents from either
civil or military life. I hold this principle of re-
striction to be entirely unjust and injurious. It
is attempted to be represented here as if this were
the action of the mechanical interest of the coun-
try opposed to the military organization. There
is nothing of the kind in the case. It is purely a
local matter. It is one in which the vast mass of
the mechanics of the country have no interest. If
the principle of restriction is justifiable or right,
carry it further. If gentlemen adhere to it, let
them carry it to its full extent. Is a carpenter fit
to be the superintendent? No; but he is a me-
chanic. Is a tailor fit to be the superintendent?
No; yet he is a"mechanic. Is a lawyer? Is a
merchant? Is a doctor? No. None of them is
fit to be a superintendent in one of the armories.
If gentlemen go for this restrictive principle, in
the selection of officers, and say they must be
selected from a particular class of men, let them
carry it to its proper extent, and say that none but
an armorer or gun-smith, shall be appointed by
the President of the Uniteid States. That is the
extent to which their doctrine should go, or it is
untenable altogether. <
Mr. HOUSTON. From the noise prevailing
in the Chamber, I have not found it possible to
hear what has been said in the discussion, and,
therefore, I may repeat what has been already
said. I investigated this subject some sessions
since, and. came to the conclusion that it was
proper to place the armories under the manage-
ment of civilians. I have this session had an op-
portunity of reviewing the report made in the
House of Representatives upon it; and from all
the lights contained in that, assuming that the
alleged facts which support it are true, it has only
confirmed me more certainly in my former opin-
ion that it ought to be given to civilians, and that
they ought to exercise the control of it under the
direction of the Secretary of War. I think it is
no complement to an officer in the line of the army
or in the staff to detail him to mechanical or civil
duties. His service is either necessary in the line
or staff of the Army, or he is not m his proper
sphere and his service is unnecessary. Civilians
are the best practical men in matters of business
of this kind as mechanics. Officers of the Army
may be very scientific and skilled in it theoreti-
cally, but they have not that practical know-
ledge 
Mr. BUTLER, i desire to put the Senator
one question. 1 understand he can answer as a
military man, and-, therefore, he can give me in-
formation on this point. What is the duty of an
ordnance officer ? Is it not connected with the
preparation of arms?
Mrj HOUSTON. It is to take care of the
arms when prepared, and see that they are kept
in proper order; that they are constructed of good
material, and are fit for efficient service when they
are to be used. That is the business of an ord-
nance officer.
Mr. BRODHEAD. While on this subject, I
desire to put a question to my friend from Texas.
If we adopt the provision which comes to us from
the House, will not the armories be under the su-
perintendence and control, under the existing laws,
of the Colonel of Ordnance?
Mr. HOUSTON. It would be very proper
that he should become the inspector of these vari-
ous armories.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is it not then under mili-
tary rule'
Mr. HOUSTON. It is under military inspec-
tion. The mechanics and contractors have to con-
form to the inspection, or their work is thrown
upon them, and they will meet the reprehension
that is due to their incapacity or neglect of duty;
but that does not assume, as I understand it, that
the officers are the most competent persons.
Their attention has been drawn to science; but
the mechanics are the men who have been atten-
tive to the practical operation of mechanics, and
not to theory alone. For this reason, without
any change of opinion, without having had any
. conversation on the subject this session with any
! member of the Senate or House of Repr^senta-
' tives, 01- with any lobby member or person con-
nected with the armory, I am established in my
opinion that it is proper to give the superintend-
ence to civilians, as it has prospered under their
administration with the guidance and general
