THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
direction of the War Department, and the inspec-
tion of ordnance officers in former times. I shall
continue of the opinion that! now entertain, until
better lights are given to me; and I sha%vote, in
accordance with those I now have, for the civil-
ians.
Mr. CASS. I shall not detain the Senate. I
merely want to observe that we have certain staffs
and departments here to supervise our Army. We
have the ordnance department, and the fortifica-
tion department, the engineer, the quartermaster,
and the commissary departments. Officers from
the military academy are taken and put into the
several departments. They belong there. They
understand their duties. They are detailed for
that service; and the interest of "the Government
is, that they should watch over that service. There
is not a word to be said against the superintend-
ence of the armories by officers of the ordnance
department, that cannot be said against the super-
intendenceeof forts by engineer officers. You may
say let them give you their plans, and then let
them go on under the command of civilians; you
may say of the quartermaster's department, that
all the persons employed under it should be under
the command of civilians; so of the commissary
department; so of every branch of the Army; and
wliat then becomes of your staff? What are they
to do? If the ordnance department has nothing
to do with ordnance, you had better disband it.
If the engineer department has nothing to do with
fortifications, disband them; and so on with every
branch of the service.
I have heard imputations upon the officers of
the Artr.y. I regret it. I believe that a more in-
telligent, able, honest, faithful body of officers
were never in theservice; and, thank Providence,
recent events have shown that they know how to
do their duty with credit to themselves and honor
to the country. The defalcation of a military
officer, on the books of your Treasury, is a sta-
tistical fact almost unknown in the history of your
country. I have had some opportunity to ex-
amine, and I do not know that there is one. I do
not say that there is not; but I say they are very
rare.
What are the allegations made against the mil-
itary superintendent? That he is a tyrant. Heis
not compelled to stay there. Fou will not deny,-
nobody will deny, that the superintendent should
see the work carried on faithfully. It is his duty.
He is there for that; and the officers of the ord-
nance department can judge of the nature of arms
better than anybody else. It is for their interest,
character, and reputation to have them properly
made. Everything they have is connected with
it. I repeat, I do not see the evil if the superin-
tendent retjuires the persons under him to do their
duty faithfully. He only does his duty when he
does that. 1 do not understand how he can ty-
rannize in (his country any more than a civilian.
I do not know why he should have any more
reason to do so. I have not heard a word of
complaint about military superintendence except
from the two armories at Springfield and Harper's
Ferry. I have heard none from the forts—not a
syllable in my own portion of the country, where
we have arsenals and forts; and I cannot but
think, Mr. President, that there is a great deal in
what has been said, that there is a popular clamor
about those particular places for particular pur-
poses. So believing, and believing that the pub-
lic interest will be best secured by adhering to the
present system, I shall votein favorof the amend-
ment to strike out the provision of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan intended to im-
ply that I had cast any reflection upon the officers
of the Army.
Mr. CASS. Not at all.
Mr, HOUSTON. Because I certainly intended
nothing but compliment to those officers. There
is no Senator who entertains a higher estimate of
them than I do, as gentlemen of propriety, of so-
briety, of gallantry, of bravery; but I think it is
not consistent with their duties to detail them, and
appropriate all their talents to the construction of
arms, when mechanics are found competent to do
it. When no improvement, through the channel
of invention, that I have heard of, has reached us
in consequence of military gentlemen being at the
head of the armories—when no reflection is in-
tended to be cast upon the officers by withholding
the superintendence from them—and when, in the
outset, we succeeded well in the construction of
arms under the guidance of civilians, I can see no
necessity for establishing the rule that the military
alone shall have charge of it, and exert what was
formerly accorded to civilians. Why, sir, it has
now come to this, that all the money that is ap-
propriated by Congress for the construction of
public works, I believe, is to be placed under a
military officer, anil he is detailed for the express
purpose of disbursing the public money and super-
vising the public worKs. In appropriations to the
Army for the defense of the country, with all the
accomplishments that pertain to military gentle-
men, lam for according to them the object for
which they are appointed, and to which they have
been detailed; but I am for having another sphere
unoccupied by thein, and permitting civilians,
whenever they can be successful in executing the
desires of the Government, or meeting its expecta-
tions, to fill the sphere proper to themselves. I
am not for permitting civilians to usurp the rights
of officers of the Army, or interfcie with thein in
the discharge of duties pertaining to their sphere;
nor do I think it is necessary to thrust military
gentlemen upon civilians to displace them from
their rightful and appropriate sphere, and incom-
mode those who are qualified for the discharge of
duties which should not be assigned to military
men. For this reason, and this alone, I shall vote
against the amendment. I do not know the gen-
tlemen who is in charge of either armory; nor do
I know those whom* the President would place
there; and being ignorant of this, I view the sub-
ject as it is presented to me, and vote according
to my apprehension of the propriety of assigning
to civilians that branch of our military defense
which properly pertains to mechanics, and not to
the range of science assigned to the purely mili-
tary arm of the service.
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 shall not be drawn into any
debate in regard to the supposed abuses at either
of the armories. If Senators are not informed on
that subject, they will remain uninformed by any-
thing which may be got from me. I shall not
make any reflection upon theofficers of the Army;
but I shall reply to the honorable Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] that I do not regard the
Army as the only bright spot in the United States.
I say that this is purely a civil employment. I gay
that now the President has authority, under the
law, to send to superintend the civilians engaged
in the construction of fire-arms, any officer, at his
own will and pleasure, without the,consent of
Congress. It is contrary to the former law; and
1 say again, that the private establishments which*
are under civil superintendence are now, in regard
to improvements and in regard to the standard
which ifhey require for the acceptance of arms
manufactured, far ahead of the public armories.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 23 nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Rnyaid, Bell, Benja-
min, Hrighl, Hiodiiead, liuller, Cass, Clay, Dawson, Evans,
Fessoml™, Fish, Fitzpatrick, (Jeyei, Jones of Tennessee,
Msiltory, M.ison, Moiton, Penree, J'ratt, and Walker—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Chase, Cooper, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Fool, Gillette, Houston, James, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Norris, Peitit, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward. Stnuil, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,Touecy,
Wade, Weller, and Williams—^5.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the 'third section
of the bill, to insert the words " and properly,"
after "actually," as follows:
Siit-. 3. Jvi tc it further cnnctcd, Tliat the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed lo ex-
amine into and ascertain (he amount of expenses incurred,
and now actually and proprrly paid by the State of Cali-
fornia m the suppression of Jn'dian hostilities, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move to amend the bill ,
by inserting, after the appropriation for the survey
of the northern and northwestern lakes, the fol-
lowing:
For an iron steamer to be used in the survey of the north-
ern and northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior, under
the War Department, $50,000.
I will only say that that is recommended by the
Secretary of War, and is necessary to carry out
the surveys.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make one inquiry.
Were these amendments which are now being
proposed, on the recommendation of the Depart-
ments, submitted to the House of Representa-
tives? Was this amendment submitted to the
House
Mr. STUART. It was not. .
Mr. CASS. Before the question is voted on, I
desire to say that a survey of the lakes has been
going on for some time. It is a very important
work. The boat which they have had heretofore
is not in a fit condition to carry it on. There is
an appropriation in the bill for continuing the sur-
vey. The War Department declares that, for the
purpose of continuing it, this steamer is essen-
tially necessary. If you do not mean to stop the
survey, the steamer must be had. It is a mere
question as to whether you will abandon the work
or not.
Mr. PRATT. I will simply remark, that I
suppose the fact of the want of fchis steamer must
have been known when the bill was before the
House. If it was a proper amendment to be
placed in it, it should have been sent to the body
m which the bill originated, where they would
have had time—which we have not now—to con-
sider its propriety. I have voted for no amend-
ments, and  hall vote for none, where the matter
was known to the Department, and was not sub
mitted to the other House in which the bill ori-„
ginated.
Mr. STUART. I certainly shall not undertake,
at this time, to go into any lengthy debate on this
subject. I do not intend to detain the Senate
a minuter The argument of the Senator fpotn
Maryland, if adopted by the Senate, will ma,ke it
necessary to abolish every committee you have.
This subject has been fully and carefully consid-
ered by the Committee on Commerce. They have
inquired of the Secretary of War in regard to it,
and I hold in my hand his letter, in which he
says that to carry out this service properly, if an
appropriation is made to continue the survey, the
steamer is necessary. The House have made an
appropriation to continue the work; and the Sec-
retary of War says the steamer is necessary to*
carry it on. I do not know with what propriety
it can be said that, if an appropriation is not put
in the bill by the House, it should not be put in
at all. You had better do away with the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I do not want to be misunder-
stood. I saidno^uch thing. What I said was
that whenever the Department desired an appro-
priation of public money, the estimate should be
sent to the House in which the bill originated, so
that they could consider of its propriety. I did
not say that when the House, upon such esti-
mates being properly submitted, have refused to
make the appropriation, that the Senate should
concur with the House.
On a division, less than a majority of a quorum
voted for the amendment.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CASS. If the question related to the coast
survey, there would be no difficulty.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brod-
hend, Cass, Chase, Clay, Dodge of Iowa, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, Geyer, (ivvm, Houston, James, Jones of iowa, Mal-
lory, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, Wade,
Walker^ Weller, and Williams—'27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brown, Dawson, Evans, Fitz-
patnek, Jones of Tennessee, and Pratt—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act to establish Cairo, in the State of Illi-
nois, a port of delivery;
An act to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
select the residue of the lands to which that State
is entitled under the act of the 8th of August,
1846, and to aid in the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers;
An act to amend the provisions of the fifty-sixth
section of the act to regulate the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage, approved the 2d March,
1799; ™
An act for the relief of.Sylvanus Culver;
An act to incorporate the National Hotel Com-
pany, of Washington city;
An act establishing San Pedro, In the State of
California, a port of entry and delivery;
An act to vest in the several States and Terri.
