13-26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mr. ADAMS. If it be in order, I now move
that the Senate concur in this amendment of the
House to our fourth amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I think all the amendments
ought to be read before we take the question on
any of them, and then the Senate can determine
whether to pass upon all together or separately.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is with
the Senate to act upon,
Mr. GWIN. Can any one Senator force the
question to be taken on a particular amendment?
The PRESIDENT. Any one Senator can de-
mand that the amendment be read.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope Senators will -single out
such as they wish read. It will take an hour to
go through all of them.
Mr. WALKER. It will bean hour well spent.
Mr. GWIN. I think not.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed
that it will take but a short time to read theamend-
ments. The Secretary will proceed.
The House concurred in the following amend-
ments with amendments:
No. 10, which was to insert the following:
For completing and keeping in order the grounds south
of the President's House, $9,770.
The amendment of the House was to add:
For furnishing an additional number of iron settees for
the President's and Capitol grounds, $1,000.
No. 38, which was to insert after the appro-
priation of $50,000 for arrearages incurred in run-
ning the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, the following:
And the limitations imposed by the provisions contained
in fhe act of 15th May, 1850, entitled " An act to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations (or the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, and the act of 3d
March, 1853, entitled*'An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government tor the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854," be, and the same are
heiehy, repealed.
The amendment of the House was to strike it
all out, and insert:
And that the period limited for the appointment of com-
missioner, surveyor, and chief astronomer, by the act of
May, 1850, shall be, and the same, is hereby, extended to
the 30th of June, 1855.
No. 39, which was to insert:
For engraving maps, views, sections, and natural history
of the survey of the boundary between the United Stated
nnd Mexico, $10,000; to bo expended tinder the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment of the House was to add: ,
For woodcuts purchased by the Commissioner of Patent* I
for illustrating the mechanical part of the Patent Office re-
port of 1853->4, ordered by the House of Representatives,
$1,500.
No. 43, which was to insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
directed to examine the claims presented by certain coun-
ties of the late Territory of Iowa for expenses of the United
State" district court which were paid by said counties prior
to the admission of said Territory into the Union as a State;
and if, upon such examination, he H satisfied that, prior to
said time, the said counties have paid money which, in ac-
cordance with the instructions of the First Compholler of
the Treasury, dated December 19, 1843, should have been
paid by the marshal of the United States for said Territory,
he is directed to audit and allow the same.
The amendment of the House was in the form
of a substitute, as follows:
That the First Comptroller of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to examine the claims presented by certain
counties of the late Territory of Iowa, for expenses of the
United State* district court, which were paid by said conn
ties prior to the admission of taid Territory into the Union
as a State ; and if, upon such examination,"he is satisfied
that, prior to said tune, the said counties have paid money
which, in accordance with the instructions of the First
Comptroller of ihe Treasury, dated I9fh of December, 1843,
<ih construed in the repoit of said Fir^t Comptroller to the
Secretary of the Interior, under date of 13lh of October,
1853, m reference to said subject, should have been paid by
the marshal of the United State* for said Territoiy, he is
directed to audit and settle the same.
No. 40, which was to insert:
Sec. 2. And be it furl her enact cd, That#!} books, papers,
documents, and record*, in the Department of the Interior,
may be copied and certified, under the seal of thaj .Depart-
ment, (winch i* hereby recognized as legal,) i« the same
manner as those in the other Executive Departments in&y
now by law be, and with the same force and effect.
The amendment of the House was to adds
And in all cases where a seal i<i necessary by law to any
•commission, process, or other instrument, provided for by
die l,iw of Congress, it shall be lawful to affix the proper i
seat by making an impression theiewith directly on the '
.paper to vvhiih die seal is necessary; which shall be as
val.d as if made upon wax or other substance.
.No. 50, which was to insert as follows:
Sec, 6. And be it further enacted, That from and after
ihe passage of this act, there shall be, in addition to the
clerks authorized by the third section of the act of March
3, 1853, entitled "An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1854," in the office of the Register
of the Treasury, three clerks of class four, to include the
clerk now authorized to take charge of the redemption of
stocks; and in the office 01 the Commissioner of Pensions
five clerks of class two, and fifteen clerks of class three ,•
and said cleiks shall be paid, according to the provisions of
said section, out of any money in the Treasuty not other-
wise appropriated.
The amendments of the House were to strike
out
—to include the clerk now authorized to take charge of
the redemption of stocks,
—to insert after the words "Register of the Treas-
ury,"
—u in lieu of the temporary clerks now employed therein,'*
—and to insert after the word "section" the
words
—" until the 30th of June, 1854."
The House non-concurred in the following.
No. 11, which was to insert:
For iron flagging in front of the old portion of the Patent
Office Building, and altering windows and private stair-
way, $5,730.
No. 12, which was to insert:
For altering streets and repavmg in front of the east wing
of the Patent Office Building, iron tailing and flagging, and
painting new saloon, $'14,250,
No. 14, which was to insert:
For completing the improvement of Pennsylvania avenue
from Seventeenth to Twenty-sixth street west, $9,000 :
Provided, That all appropriations herein made for repairs
and improvement's of the public buildings or grounds within
the District of Columbia, shall be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
No. 20, which was to insert:
For the actual and necessary expenses incurred by the
provisional government of Oregon, in defending the people
of said Territory from the attacks and hostilities of the
Cay use Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848, and for such
allowances for the expense of adjusting the claims on that
account as the Secietary of the Treasury may deem proper,
$75,000. Hut the said claims and accounts shall be settled >
and adjusted, at such place, and in such manner, as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe 5 and no claims
shall hereafter be allowed on account of this war which
are not presented within the next fiscal year.
No. 24, which was to insert:
F01 the transportation of Governor Stevens and his party,
and lor explorations made by bun between the Misst-<«ippi
river and the Pacific ocean, ,540,000.
No. 25, which was to insert:
For continuing the works for bringing water into the city
of VVashi ngton, $500,000.
No. 26, which was to insert:
For the payment of Richard II. Weightman, for mileage
and per dieni compensation as an agent claiming to be a
Senator eleet from New Mexico, $'.2,464.
No. 30, which was to insert:
For rem of paper wareroom from the Nt of January to
30th of June, 1854, at $250 per annum, $125.
No. 37, which was to insert:
For cartage of punting paper from wareroom and office
of the Superintendent of Public Printing to the printing
offices, and labor, from the 1st of Janaary to the 30th of
June, 1P54, at $550 per annum, $£75.
No. 40, which was to insert:
For the completion of the bridge across the Potomac river
at Little Falls, and painting thereof, agreeably to the plan
adopted under the direction of the President of the United
States, $75,000.
Nos. 41 and 42, which were to amend the clause
For salaries and incidental expenses of the commission
appointed under the act of Match 3, 1851, for settling land
claims in California, $37,500,
—by striking out $37,500 and inserting $42,500,
and by adding:
And that $5,000 of said sum be paid to Robert Green-
how, assistant law agent to said board, for services per-
formed during the absence of the law agent; and the mar-
shals of ihe northern and southern districts 01' California
«hall have the same mileage and compensation for serving
processes issuing from said commission as are allowed to
ihe sheriffs tor serving similar proces<es by the higher
court* of California ; and th« same mileage and per diem
shall he made to witnesses as are allowed to witnesses by
the State of California.
No. 48, which was to add:
Sko. 4. And be it further enacted, That before any pay- j
raent shall hereafter be made to any invalid pensioner 1
whose name *>hall have been upon the pension list two [
jears, he shall produce to the agents for paying pennons, to i
whom he s>ha-tt apply for pavment, the affidavit of two sur- |
geonsor phys;eja.iu:, satisfactory to the Secretary of the In- j
tenor, stating, from peuonal examination, the continuance •
of the disability, descnoing if, for which the pension was '
originally granted, and the rate of such disability at the i
time of making s^ich affidavit, Wank foims of winch shall
be furnished by the Commissioner of Pensions to agents for
paying pensions, feu the use of pensioners; and if in said
affidavit the disability shall be stated at a rate below that
for which the pension was originally granted, he shall only
be paid at the rate stated in said affidavit. Said affidavit
shall be filed by said agents, and carefully preserved, and
copies thereof shall be transmitted, with the semi-annual
returns of said agents, to the Commissioner of Pensions,
who shall file them with the original papers of said pen-
sioner, respectively: Provided, That when the pension
shall have been originally granted by a special act of Con-
gress, or for a total disability for the loss of a Innb or other
cause, which cannot be removed, either in whole or in
part, the above affidavit shall not be required.
No. 51, which was to add:
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That the portion of
the seventh section of the act of the 26th of August, 1852,
entitled " An act to provide for executing the public print-
ing and establishing the prices thereof, and for other pur-
poses," which provides " that when any documents shall
be ordered to be printed by both Houses of Congress, the
entire printing of such documents shall be done by the
printer of that House which first ordered the same," is
hereby repealed; and when there are different printers for
the respective Houses, each shall do the printing which
may hereafter be ordered by the House electing him ; and
so much of the printing for the Executive Departments and
bureaus of the Government as is ordered by the said act to
be done by the public printer, shall be equally divided be-
tween the printers of the two Houses.
No. 52, which was to add:
Sec. 8. And be il further enacted, That s>o much of the
act entitled u An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, L853, and for other purposes," as.
provides for compensation to the Spanish Consul and
others for losses occasioned bv violence at New Orleans,,
and at Key West, in the year 1851, shall be so construed as
to place Michael Pappremtza, a subject of Austria, on the
same footing with the subjects of Spam.
No. 53, which was to add:
Sec. 9. And be it further cnacled, That, for custom-
houses and marine hospitals, and to complete the same, the
following sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
namely :
For completing the custom house at St. Louis, Missouri
$100,000;
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
$65,000;
For completing the custom-house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$40,000;
For completing the custom-house at Louisville. Ken-
tucky, $40,000,
For completing the custom-house at Bangor, Maine.
$20,000; ' *
For completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware, 312,000;
For purchasing a site for a custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Inland, $.'1,000 ;
For the purchase of a new site for the custom-house in
San Fiancisco, $250,000; and the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized, if, in his judgment, the public
interest will thereby be promoted, to apply this appropri-
ation, and as much as may be necessary of former appro-
priations, for the erection of a custom-house on the land
received for said purpose, to the purchase of a building or
buildings for a custom-house and other public offices; and
the said Secietary of the Treasury is hereby directed to take
all legal proceedings which may be necessary or advisable
to maintain arid secure the possession and title of the United
States to the lot heretofore selected for the site of a custom-
house ;
For ihe erection of a custom house at Portland, Maine,
including rooms for the United States court, and tor a post
office, $200,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000;
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri,
$10,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
$8,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, Kentucky,
$12,500;
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky,
$5,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
$2,000;
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $14,000; and to construct a marine hospital at Bur-
lington, Iowa, $15,000.
Amend the title by adding at the end thereof—and for
other pui poses.
Mr. PETTIT. If it be in order, I will move that
the Senate concur in the action of the House on
our amendment appropriating $500,000 for the
water-works in this city.
The PRESIDENT. Then the motion will be
that the Senate recede from that amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. If we intend to insist upon
anything, the usual course is to insist upon all,
and arrange the whole by a compromise, through
a committee of conference. If we do not intend
to insist upon anything, but concur in the action
of the House, that motion might perhaps be
proper enough. But, sir, 1 would suggest to the
Senator from Indiana, that while some of us would
be willing to give up the water-works if other
things were also given up, we might not be willing
to give up that appropriation if other things
should be insisted upon, i, for one, am not dis-
