1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"2185'
tories the title in fee of the lands which have been, j
or may be, certified to them;
An act to authorize the State of Illinois to se-
lect the residue of the lands to which she is enti-
tled under the act of the 2d of March, 1827, grant- 1
ing land to "aid that State in opening a canal to
connect the waters of the Illinois river with those
of Lake Michigan; snd I
An act authorizing the extension of the Alex-
andria and Washington railroad into the District !
of Columbia, and conferring; certain privileges on |
the Baltimoreand Ohio Railroad Company. j
CAPTAIN INGRAHAM. ]
A message was received from the House of .
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an- |
nouncing that the House had agreed to the amend- ;
ment of the Senate to the resolution of the House
of thanks of Congress, and the presentation of a '
medal to Captain Duncan M. Ingraham.
POST OFFICE BILL. j
The message also announced that the House in-
sisted on their disagreement to certain amendments ;
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for !
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1855;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
said bill, and had appointed Mr. Hibbard of New
Hampshire, Mr. Appleton of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Vansan*t of Maryland, managers at the
same on their part. /
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. WELLER. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Shields,] who has been called away by the sick-
ness of his colleague in the other House, I am
instructed to offer several amendments to the bill.
The first is to insert:
For the sword ordered to be presented to Brevet Major
General John E. Wool by a joint resolution approved Jan-
uary 24, 1854,.$1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next is to insert:
For completingtheMendotaand Big Sioux nvor road, in
accordance with' the estimate of the Secretmy of War,
$52,475 58, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next is to insert:
For the purchase of a site and the construction of an
arsenal at Bemcia. California, $93,485.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to know why we
are giving away nearly a hundred thousand dol-
lars for an arsenal without knowing1 something
about it. Why have we not the report of a com-
mittee?
Mr. WELLER. The nextamendment which
I have is to insert:
That the proper accountins officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, directed in the settlement of the ac-
count ot Captain Joseph Foster, a«si<taut quartermaster
of the United States Army, to receive parole testimony of
disbursements made bv him as such assistant quartermas-
ter, in heuof vouchers for such disbursements which were
destroyed by fne m the city of San Francisco, on the 4th
of May, A. D. 1851; and that upon tiie testimony «o taken,
if satisfactory to the Department, the accounts of said as-
sistant quartermaster shall be audited and settled accoid-
mgto principles of equity nndju-mcc: Proonled, The sum
allowed shall not excecdthe balance now due from said
Foster to the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Bright.]
The Chair will suggest that that appears to be a
private claim.
Mr. WELLER. It merely authorizes the De-
partment to receive parole evidence in lieu of
vouchers which were destroyed by fire. It is
necessary to have the accounts settled.
Mr. GW1N. They cannot progress with the
settlement of his accounts without it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment is to
add the following:
And he it further enacted, That the provision of the first
pection of the act entitled "An act making apptopnatmns
tor the -support of the Army lor the year ending the 30ih
June, 1851," approved September *28, 1850, crantin? extra
pay to officers- and enlisted mm of the Army serving in
Oregon and California, be extended to the officers and men
composing the garrison of Fort Laramie, on the Oregon
route, for the same period of time as was allowed by the :
sixth section of the act of March 3, 1853, to the officers and
men of two companies of a regiment of mounted riflnnen
that garrisoned Fort Laramie; and that the piovisions of
the same section of the s^une act be also extended to the
officers and men composing the escort of the Mexican
boundary commission, while they were serving as such
escort.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now offer an amendment
which is somewhat detailed. It is a bill which
was passed by the Senate some time ago, but
never acted upon by the House, commonly known
in this body by the name of the retired list bill—
a bill providing for retiring disabled officers of the
Army:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That if any commis-
sioned officer of the Army shall have become incapable of
performing the daties of hi* office, provided m the second ,
section ol this aet, lie shall, a  provided m the second sec-
tion of tins act, be placed upon a retired list, and withdrawn
from active service and command, with the pay proper of
the highest rank held by him at the tune, whether by staff,
regimental, or brevet commission, and the service rations
to winch he may then be entitled, but without any other
allowances. And the officer nextin rank shall be promoted
to the place of the retired officer, according to ihe hereto-
fore established rule of the service ; and the same rule of
piomotion "shall be applied successively to the vacancies
consequent upon the retirement of an officer, as herein pro-
vided : Provuh-d, That i( the disability result from wounds
received in action, the pay proper of the retired officer shall
be that of his highe-t rank by brevet or otherwise.
Sec.—. And be it jurther enacted. That, to carry out
the provision* of tin? act, whenever any officer of the Army,
who mav be incapacitated as heretofore recited, shall vol-
untarily apply to be letired from active service, or, on being
ordered to perform the dunes appropriate to his eoininis
sion, shall report himself unable to comply with such or-
der, or whenever, in the judgment of the President of the
United States, an officer ot the Army shall have become
m anv way, incapacitated from performing the duties ol
his office, the President, at his discretion, shall direct the
Secretary of War to leferthe case of such officer to an
Army board, to be composed of not more than nine, nor
less than five commissioned officers, to be detailed from
those of superior rank to him whose case is under consid-
eration, as tar as hjs grade and the interest of the service
will permit; and the said board shall determine upon the
case refeired to them, and theiropirnon thereon, with a rec-
ord of the proceedings, shall be transmitted to the Secre-
tary of Wai, to be laid before the President for his approval
or disapproval, ff, in the judgment of the board, the officer
be considered incapacitated for active service, the board
will report whether, m their opinion, the disability was
occasioned by age—the result ol nuuiy years' faithful ser-
vice, by wounds received m the line of duty, or by expo-
sure in service; or whether the disability is to be traced to
vicious habits, or to exposure unconnected with official
duty. If, in their judgment, the disability wa=s incurred in
the line ot duty, and the President approve such judgment,
the disabled officer shall thereupon be placed upon the list
of retired officers according to the provisions of this act;
but if the board are of opinion that the disability wa> the
result of vicious habits, or of exposure unconnected wnh
official duty, and the President concur m that opinion, then
the disabled officer may, at the discretion of the President,
be dropped from tne rolls of the Army.
Beo. —. And be it farther enact ed^ That whenever the
President shall deem it advisable to cause an officer who
has been withdrawn fiom active service am! retired from
the line of promotion, a* herein provided, to be placed on
any duty not incompatible with his condition, such officer
shall, for the time be may be so employed, be entitled to
all the pay and allowances ofthe grade with which he was
retired Horn -erVice.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I h*veanother amendment,
which is also a bill that passed the Senate, and
was sent to the House sometime ago, providing: for
the increase of the compensation of the officers and ,'
soldiers of the Army. The House of Represent- !,
aUves have passed a bill of their own increasing j1
the pay of the privates, but leaving the compensa- |
tion of the officers untouched. "We have thought j
proper to present the original bill which passed ;
this body, and which is one of vast importance. ;
There have been some modifications made in it: ;
Sec. —. And be it jvrther enacted, That the monthly !
pay proper of the several grades of the Army, hereinafter j
enumerated, shall beat the following rates : A major yen- !
era!. $965 ; a brigadier general, ; a colonel a 1
lieutenant colonel, Jfllo; <i in.ijnr, ; a captain of cav- ■
airy, $85 ; a captain of artillery and jnfantrj, $75; a first j
lieutenant of cavatrv, £65; a fir-l lieutenant of ariitieiy !
and mtantiy, «V7; a second lieutenant ot cavalry, !
a second lieutenant of ai ti'lcry and infantry, £47; a cadt t, |
$33; a seigeant oi engineers, ; a sergeant majoi, ;
quartermaster-sergeant, pnncipal miwcian, chief bugler,,
principal farrier, and ordnance sergeant, *23; to each <
first sergeant of a company ot dragoons, mounted rifle- |
men, aitiilery, ami infantry, ; !o all other sergeant* ;
of those arms. .$18 ; to a corpoiril of engineers. ^18; to a cor- ;
poral of dragoons and mounted riflemen, £19 ; toacoipo- i
ral of artilleij and infantry, >l.'3; to a farrier, blacksmith,
saddier. and artificer of dragoons, momm d iitlcmen, and
amllerv, .^lo ; to a bugler of dragoons and mounted ritie-
men. ^-12 ; to a musician of artillery and infantry, $11 ; to
a private oi engineers, $1-2 ; to a private of d'.igoons and
mounted nflemen,$l 1 j and to a private ot artillery and in-
fantry, $1<J: Provided, That the existing allowances shall be
confined to officers when on duty, or on leave of absence
who shall have left their post by reason of wounds received,
or disease contracted, in the line of their duty, or for the
time regularly allowed by the general regulations of the
Ai my, and that officers absent trom duty under any other
circumstances, or tor a time exceeding the regular leave of
absence,shall only be entitled to the pay proper of their
lespeetive grades.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the surgeon
general and paymaster general of the army shall be allowed
the pay and emoluments of a colonel.
Sec.—. And be it jnilher enacted, That every soldier,
who, having been honorably discharged from the service
of the United States, shall, within one month therealter,
reenhst, shall be emuled to two dollars per month in addt-
lion to the ordinary pay of his grade, for the first period
of five years afrer the expiration of his previous enhstmeut,
and a further sum of one dollar per month for each succes-
sive period of five years, so long as he shall remain contin-
uously in the Army; and that soldiers now in the Army,
who have served one or more enlistments, and been honor-
ably discharged, shall be entitled to the benefits herein pro-
vided for a second enlistment.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That soldiers who
served in the war with Mexico, and received a certificate
of merit for distinguished services, as well those now in
the Army as those that may hereafter enlist, shall receive
the two dollars per month to which that certificate would
have entitled them had they remained continuously in the
service.
See. —. And be itfuither enacted, That non-commis-
sioned officers who, under the authority ot the seventeenth
section of the act approved March 3, 1847, were recom-
mended for piomcftion by brevet to the lowest grade of coin-
missioned officer, but did not receive the benefit of that
provision, shall be entitled, under the condition recited in
the foregoing section, to the additional pay authorized to
be given to such privates as received certificates of merit.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United Stales be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to confer the
brevet of second lieutenant upon such meritorious non-
commissioned officers, as may, under regulations to be es-
tablished, be brought betore an Army board, composed of
fout officers of iank, specially convened foi the jguipose,
and be found qualified for the duties of commissioned offi-
cers; and to attach them to regiments, as supernumerary
officers, according to the provisions of the lourth section
ol the act approved April 29,1812, entitled a An act making
further provision tor the corps of engineers "
Sec.—. And beit jurther enacted, That the allowance
to soldiers employed at work on fortifications, in surveys,
in cutting roads, and othf*? constant labor, of not less than
ten days, authorized by the act approved March 2, 1*319,
entitled " An act to regulate the pay of the Army when
employed on fatigue duty," be increased to twenty-five
cents per day for men employed as laborers and teamsters,
and forty cents per day when employed as mechanics, at
ail stations east of the Rocky Mountains, and to thirty-five
cents and fifty cents per day, respectively, when the men
aie employed at stations we<t ot those mountains.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the first section of the act graniing pensions to the
widows and orphan* of persons dying in the naval service,
approved August 11, 1818, be extended to the widows and
orphans ot officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and soldiers ot the Army ot the United States, including
volunteers and militia, mustered into the service of the
United States.
Sbu. —. And be it fuifher enacted, That, in addition to
the number ol cadets authorized by ihe existing laws, there
shall be appointed two from each State.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment. It is a very important
one, voting away millions of dollars.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYAKD. I voted for this as a separate
and independent bill. I shall not vote for it as an
amendment here. The practice of attempting to
turn every appropriation bill into a bill for legis-
lation is growing to an alarming extent. I shall
vote against tins without reference to the propriety
of the bill for which 1 voted; for I cannot consent
to legislate in thi- manner.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Delaware, f have uniformly voted
against putting amendments increasing salaries
on the general appropriation bills. It has a bad
tendency to legislate in that manner; and anxious
as I am to increase the compensation of the offi-
cers and soldiers, I shall be compelled to go against
this, though at the proper time I should support
it. It is due to the Senator who olTers the amend-
ment, that I should state that 1 have uniformly
voted against such amendments.
Mr. WELLER. I have only this remark to
make. I believe the merits of the amendment
have been fully discussed by the Senate, for it is
substantially in the form in which it heretofore
passed the Senate. The excuse which the com-
mittee have in offering it in this shape is, that,
under the rules of the House of Representatives,
; they have been wholly unable to obtain any action
upon the bill; and as they regard it as very im-
; portant to the country, in order to preserve the
Army and make it what it should be, they have
; considered it necessary to offer it as an amend-
; ment to this bill, We believe that, by the passage
