1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
posed to insist upon the amendments in relation
to the water-works and the custom-houses. 1 am
willing to get rid of them all; but I am not dis-
posed to act upon them separately. 1 think the
matter had better be arranged through a com-
mittee of conference, so that we may have a gen-
eral view of all the amendments. 1 suggest that
to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. PETTIT. I suppose after the bill goes to
a committee of conference, and they agree upon
their lecommendation, the two Houses will almost
take their report and adopt it; and if this should
come back, the House committee receding from
their non-concurrence in theamendment, we should
almost feel bound to take that amendment. I
should not be satisfied with that. I believe, in-
deed, I would rather, under existing circumstances,
und just at this time particularly—I need not name
why—lose the bill than pass this appropriation.
Mr. MASON. The course of the Senate has
certainly been, so far as I know, when the two
Houses differ upon a proposition, to have a com-
mittee of conference. This appropriation was
made by the Senate. The House has rejected it.
It is to be presumed that the Senate voted the ap-
propriation for reasons which will induce them to
adhere to it, unless they find it may be a matter of
expediency and propriety upon their part to ad-
just them by the course which is usual, namely:
through a committee of conference. That com-
mittee of conference between the two Houses,
we know very well, represent, as far as they un-
derstand it, the disposition of the two Houses to
accommodate the difference, by yielding certain
amendments, and insisting on others; and they
recommend accordingly. "Whatever report they
may agiee upon, may be adopted by the respective
bodies; but it is not incumbent upon them.
In reference to this appropriation for the water-
works, I was one of those who thought that econ-
omy in the expenditure of the public money would
be subserved by making the appropription now.
Other gentlemen thought differently. I presume it
will be found, if the House makes really a point
about it, the committee will recommend receding
from it, and endeavor to obtain it on some other
appropriation bill. If we take up the amendments
one by one, and take some and disregard others,
in the way proposed by the Senator from Indiana,
I think it will not be expediting the great object
of bringing: the bil to a conclusion.
Mr. PETTIT. If the Senator will allow me,
I will withdraw the motion. It will be stiil in our
hands to reject the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. ADAMS. If it be in order, I move that
the Senate recede from ail the amendments to
which the House has disagreed, so as to get a
general vote.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the motion will not
prevail. We have commenced the construction
of these water-works, and it will be unjust to our-
selves to stop them. It will, undoubtedly, be a
saving of the public money to make the appropri-
ation now. I cannot see why we should hesi-
tate. I took occasion, on Saturday, to view the
work; to see its magnitude and its character; and
the work which has been done would be a mere
monument if we stop now—to say the least of it—
of the indiscretion of this body. Why, sir, look
at it. An American who feels pride in the char-
acter of his country would be greatly gratified to
see this work accomplished. As it has gone so
far, I donot think, if this body would visit it that it
would Tiesitate to carry it on. When we consider
the amount of property belonging to the Union;
when we consider, Mr. President, the structures
which we have already erected in this city, and
those which are now going on, and the neces-
sity of water for their protection, as well as for
the convenience and comfort of those who carry
on the machinery of the Government, I cannot,
for one, consent by any act of mine, to suspend
this great work. If we stop to-day, what are we ;
to do? The brick work, and all kinds of masonry, j
will be subject to inundation and to destruction;
and if we ever undertake hereafter to carry the
work through, the appropriation which has al-
ready been made will have been in vain, and the
expense will be much increased. If the appro-
priation proposed be too high, cut it down to
$250,000, or any other amount which may be ii
thought proper to carry the work forward. Why, ||
we might as well stop the erection of the two h
|| wings of our Capitol, and leave all that has been
!j done to go to rum. We must have water in the
'' city. We all know it, and it is the duty of every
I patriot, while our Treasury is full, to ornament
j this city, to give it all the interest we can in the
j feelings of every one throughout the country, and
! make them proud of their national capital. By
j doing that, sir, we are strengthening the ligaments
! that bind the whole together, i fear that ihe in-
| timation now is, that there is no telling how long
| the seat of Government will be here; whether it
| will not be changed, or whether other citcum-
j stances will not render it necessary to remove it,
j That is an idea which, I am sure, ought not to
be indulged by any patriot for a moment. Then,
, the country asks, why stop the internal improve-
i merits at this period, while our Treasury is full?
I The character of the nation, the security of the
public property, the health and prosperity of the
city, and the health of the Representatives in
j Congress, and of the officers of the Government,
i are intimately connected with this work.
! 1 did not wish to say anything upon this suh-
! ject, but I consider this a vastly important work.
; Why should we stop it now? There are more
; than one hundred and fifty hands now engaged,
, and we havealieady expended more than $100,000
! upon it. If you withdraw the work for one win-
ter, the cold will destroy the whole that has been
done. All the machines, all the materials, all the
instrumentalities which are necessary to carry it
on, have already been purchased, and are there;
and if the appropriation is refused all will be lost,
j I hope, instead of agreeing to the motion of the
■ Senator from Mississippi, and thus at once yield
up the amendment, we shall at least permit it to
| be discussed by a committee of conference. I
, hope, therefore, the Senator will withdraw his
| motion to recede from ali the amendments rejected
j by the House, and that then a committee of con-
'< ference will be appointed to consider the subject;
j and when they have reported to us, we can deterni-
; ine whether we will insist upon our amendment
i or not.
j Mr. CLAYTON. I concur with the Senator
from Georgia. If the question were a new one,
whether we should make an appropriation to com-
mence this work, it would be a different question;
but we have begun it, and I am for going through
with it according to the plan on which it has been
commenced. Sir, I would have this city looked
upon as n monument erected to Washington. I
am for improving it; I am for improving it be-
cause our countrymen regard it as a sort of* com-
mon property, and are pioud of it. I would do
nothing to diminish the feeling which exists m all
parts of the country, in regard to it, but do all 1
can to increase it; so that when an American, from
any part of the Union, comes here and sees the
buildings which are in course of construction,and
sees what has been done, and what is contem-
plated to be done, his bosom may swell with pride
and pleasure. He does not look upon it as an
improvement going on for the especial benefit of
a particular section of the country. He sees great
works going on which will redound to the honor
of the nation. Sir, in progress of time, this work
will become necessary at this seat of Government;
and why should we now abandon it on the plan
which has been proposed? On that plan it will
answer for all time to come. We might draw
water enough from Rock Creek, or some small
stream, to supply the wants of the city at this
time; but certainly, by and by, that will not be
sufficient.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform
the Senator from Delaware that the Senator from
Indiana has withdrawn his proposition.
Mr. CLAYTON. But the Senator from Mis-
sissippi moves to recede from all our amendments
in which the House has not concurred, and that
includes the amendment to which I am referring.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion made by the Senator from Vir-
ginia is first in order.
Mr. CLAYTON. Is his motion to insist on
our amendment, and ask a committee of confer-
^The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then my remarks will apply
to that, as well as to the other motion. I am in
favor of the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
I am not for receding from our amendment with-
out striking a blow for it, because the House has
refused to concur in it. I trust, therefore, that the
motion of the Senator from Virginia will prevail,
and that the chairman of the committee will not
understand that we all agree with the Senator from
Indiana.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion ofthe Senator from Virginia, that the Sen-
ate insist upon their amendments, and ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. A DAMS. I have no objection to the vote
bein^ taken upon that question. My object in
making my motion was to take the sense of the
Senate upon the question of concurrence with the
action ofthe House. If the majority of the Senate
prefers to have a committee of conference,! have,
of course, no objection. The only difference be-
tween the Senator from Delaware and myself is,
that I prefer to excite the admiration and love of
the country for the institutions of the country by
the simplicity and purity of our free institutions,
rather than by the magnificence of our buddings.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. Did the Senator from Virginia
move that the managers on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Chair?
The PRESIDENT. He did not.
Mr. BADGER. That is necessary; and I make
the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Hunter,
Mr. Gwix, and Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, were
appointed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
On the motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the motion sub-
mitted by Mr. Bboohead, to reconsider the fol-
lowing order:
Ordered, That there be printed for tho use of the Senate
tlurtv-seven thousand five hundred additional copies of the
agricultural portion of the Patent Office report, with the
pldtes accompanying (he same, two thousand five hundred
of which fehali he for ihe use of (lie Patent Office.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I made the motion to re-
consider, and I will state, in a very few words, the
reason why I did so. J find by the Journal of the
House of Representatives, that they have directed
the printing of theextra numberof the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report desired by them
to be done by the printer of the House. So it is en-
tered upon the Journal, contrary to what I supposed
was the spirit of the law. But it seems they have
placed a construction upon the law, under which
the printing of Congress is now done; and having
done so, I desire to place a construction upon it,
and to order that the printing of the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report which we desire,
shall be done by the Senate printer. I will read
from the Journal of the House, in support of the
position which I assume. On the 21st of March,
1854, I find the following:
" Mr. Murray, from the Committee on Printing, on the
part ot the House, to whom wa« referred the resolution to
impure into (ho expediency of printing extracopies of tho
agricultural portion ofthe Patent Office report, reported the
following resolution, namely:
" Resolved, That there be printed by the printer of the
Hou^e, one hundred thousand copies of the agricultural
portion of the report of the Commissioner of Patents, for
the use of members ot the House, and that ten thousand
be for the use of the Patent Office, &c.
" The same being read, Mr Munay moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the mam question or-
dered, and under ihe operation thereof, s>aid resolution was
agreed to.
"Mr. Murray moved to reconsider," &c.
We there find, Mr. President, that the House
of Representatives has placed a construction upon
the act of 1852, under which the printing of Con-
gress is now done, and has ordered the numberof
the agricultural portion of the Patent Office report,
which they desire, to be printed by the printer of
the House. E propose so to amend the resolution
we have adopted, as to have the printing of the
extra numbers that we desire, done by the printer
of fhe Senate. 1 think the reason is a good one.
Mr. STUART. 1 must say that the proposi-
tion submitted by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
seems to me to be very improper in principle, and
one which I certainly hope the Senate will not
adopt. The House of Representatives, if the
statement be correct, have done at least a work of
supererogation. I think it will not be going too
far to say they have done what they had no right
to do; but, sir, I am unable to conceive how that
would justify the Senate m committing an error
of the same kind. The law, in emphatic and clear
terms, defines how this printing shall be done) an4 ,
