1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
if the Senate should now reconsider this resolu-
tion, and embraee in it such a clause as that pro-
posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, if it
should produce any effect at all, it would be that
the Senate had taken upon itself to order thirty-
seven thousand five hundred copies of this report,
extra. If it could have any effect at all, I repeat,
that would, be the efFect. The law provides that
the printer of the House, first ordering a docu-
ment to be printed, shall do the printing of that
document for the other House. It is conceded in
this case that it was first ordered in the House.
The resolution of the House might perhaps be
excused upon that ground, if full knowledge were
entertained by both Houses; but I am not disposed
to excuse it, because the House could not know
that it had not been ordered by the Senate. The
utmost extent of the power of either House, is to
order such additional number of extia copies, as
that House thinks proper, of any document of
this character, and there its duty and power ends,
unless it sees fit to order an extra number to be
paid for out of its own fund, irrespective of the
provisions of law. If we want seventy-five thou-
sand of these documents, we can reconsider the
order, and adopt the amendmeat suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, because that will be
its effect, if it has any effect at all.
But, Mr. President, I have another objection
to it. If there is any subject respecting which
difficulty is likely to grow up between the two
Houses of Congress, it is this subject of the
printing; and I submit to the Senate, respect-
fully, whether we had not better, on.our part,
treat the matter very discreetly, and not under-
take to raise or perpetuate the issue. We have
discharged our duty when we have directed a
certain number of this document to be printed.
The law is then to be executed by the Superin-
tendent of Printing, according to its terms; and I
submit that, to undertake to embrace in the Sen-
ate resolution a provision of this sort, would not
only be against the provisions of the law, but it
would be engaging in a contest with the House of
Representatives, which, if it produced any result,
would produce a very undignified controversy—
such a one as I hope not to see.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the motion to recon-
sider will not prevail. The Semite has already
adopted a resolution, and if the document is to be
primed for distribution, it seems to me it should
be in the hands of the printer, and the number
which is to be printed should be known by us. I
think the reasons which have been stated by the
Senator from Michigan, render it very clear that
no effect can follow the adoption of such a prop-
osition as that which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania intimates he shall move as an amendment
to the resolution, if the motion to reconsider pre-
vails. If the law designates who shall print this
work, our vote cannot change it; and the law
clearly does designate it. There is, however, one
construction which may be given to the action of
the House which does not apply to the action of
the Senate. This document was first ordered to
be printed by the House. It was subsequently
ordered to be printed by the Senate; and, after
these two orders had been made, the Committee
on Printing, with the full knowledge of the fact,
reported to the House the resolution which the
Senator from Pennsylvania haw read, to \y't: that
an additional number should be printed for the
House by the printer of the House. They were,
therefore, but acting in accordance with the law
in making their report; while, if we were to adopt
such a resolution, it would be one directly in face
of the law. It was an act of supererogation on
the part of the House, I grant, because the print-
ing of the extra number followed the printing of the
original document; and that having been determ-
ined, it would go precisely, as the resolution
directs it, without the words of the resolution.
The House, therefore, might be justified in doing
what they did; while the Senate would not be jus-
tified, because in one case it would be in accord-
ance with the law; and in the other case, clearly
adverse to the law.
Mr. PIT'ZPATRICK. Have you the law?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not it hereby me, but
it provides that the printer for the House first or-
dering the printing of the document shall do it for
both branches. That is the idea of it. There is no
dispute about what it is. The House had ordered
.this, the Senate had ordered it, and after both had
done it, the Printing Committee reported to the
House a resolution that the printing of the extra
number for the House should be done by their
printer. I hope no further delay will be had in the
case. If you were to reconsider the vote, and adopt
the amendment indicated by the Senator from
E*ennsylvania,it would not change one single thing;
it would only be a vote of the Senate, directly in
violation of the existing law; and_ the officer now
under oath, who is sworn to carry it out, I appre-
hend, however highly he might respect the opinion
of the Senate, would not be quite willing to violate
his oath of office.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will make one additional
remark. This is the second part of the Patent
Office report. The' first part was the mechanical
portion. The Senate has ordered the printing of
that part.
Mr. HAMLIN. The mechanical?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I mean the mechanical,
and I am of opinion, that this part—the agricul-
tural—is a portion of the report, and the Senate
having first ordered the printing of the first part,
this being the second part, follows it. And, sir,
this may be the reason why the House of Rep-
resentatives directed, in their resolution, that the
second part should be printed by the printer of
the House. I cannot conceive any other reason,
than that the House wished to hand over to its
printer the printing of the second portion, when
there might be, at any rate, a question as to
whether it did not properly pertain to the printer
of the Senate. I think it did, and, therefore, we
should be doing exactly what the Senator from
Maine says the House of Representatives has
been doing. He asserts that that House ordered
this document to be printed by the printer of the
House, because it was m accordance with the law.
Now, we might do the same thin?, and order it
to be done by the printer of the Senate, because
we believe he is legally entitled to do it, it being
the second branch of the same report. For this
reason, and another which I might perhaps add,
and that is, that the Senate has already acted upon
this question, and inserted a provision in the defi-
ciency bill requiring all documents ordered to be
printed by'the Senate to be printed by the printer
of the Senate, I hope the motion which I have
made to reconsider will prevail, and that then the
Senate will amend the resolution m the way I
have suggested. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. PRATT. Before the vote is taken I should
like to hear the section of the law read to which
reference has been made, so that we may know
distinctly whut are its provisions.
The Secretary read the following:
Ppr. 7. Jind he it fin ther enacted, That when anv docu-
ment shall be ordered to be printed by both Houses of Oon-
giess, the entire: limiting oi f-ueli document shall be done by
flu: prinJer of that House wlndi fust ordered the same; and
whenever the same person, or the «.amo firm shall be printer
for both Houses of Congress, and both nou?e«5 shall order
the same document to be printed, U>eri the cost of composi-
tion shail be charged but once for said document; and no
sum shall be paid to said printer for altering the heads from
the form in winch he printed them ftr^t to the form or forms
in which such document shall afterwaids be punted."
Mr. PRATT. Havir>g voted originally for this
proposition, and intending to vote for the recon-
sideration, I am not willing that the argument of
the Senator from Michigan should be unanswered.
According to my understanding it is a plain, legal
proposition. Under the law, when one of the
Houses of Congress first orders a public docu-
ment to be printed, the printing is to be done by
the printer of that House. Now, assuming for
the purpose of the argument, that the Senator
from Michigan is right in his construction of this
law, that it is to be printed for both Houses, if the
Senate will look for a moment to the facts, I think
they will find that the law, even as interpreted by
him, requires that the printer of the Senate should
print the whole of this document.
I understand the Patent Office report to be one
document.. I speak now from memory; but I
have sent for the document of last year, and I
think the mechanical portion is called Part No. 1;
the agricultural portion Part No. 2; and that they
are both marked on their face as one document,
document No. so-and-so. Therefore, when this
Patent Office report was originally presented to
Congress, having been presented in this branch,
and having been ordered to be printed by this
branch, under the true construction of the law, the
whole document should be printed by the printer
of this House; and therefore,*as if appears to me,
it is not a mere idle ceremony that we should in-
dicate, in our resolution, that this printing should
be done by the printer of this body. I think it is
due to our printer that we should so indicate it,
because the House, for the reasons assigned by
the Senatorfrom Michigan, have illegally declared
that the printing of this document for that House
should be done by their printer. Therefore, it is
due to the printer of this body that we should say
that he should execute the work now ordered by
the Senate. That is my understanding of the
position of the question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. I shall vote for the reconsideration
of theresolutionfor thereason which 1 have already
assigned, and for the additional reason, that for the
I first time, by the reading of the extract from the
House Journal this morning, 1 have ascertained
that the House had directed one hundred thousand
copies to be printed—ten thousand to go to thePat-
ent Office. The resolution which we propose to
reconsider, directs the printing of thirty-seven
thousand five hundred—five thousand of which, I
think, go to the Patent Office.
A Senator. Two thousand five hundred. -
Mr. PRATT. My impression was that five
thousand were to go to the Patent Office. I can-
not imagine, valuable as this document may be
considered by many of its advocates, why we
should have five thousand copies of it printed to
be placed in the Patent Office. The only argu-
ment that I have heard in favor of printing it at
all is, that the agriculturists of the country want
it, and I presume that the representatives of the
agricultural interest would be the proper parties
to distribute it. Why these five thousand copies
should be printed at the public expense to be
placed in the Patent Office, is really beyond my
conception. For the only reason, therefore, of
amending the resolution to prevent the giving five
thousand copies'to the Patent Office, I should vote
for the reconsideration.
Mr MASON. I have not looked at this thing
at all; but the statementmade by theSenator from
Maryland, as I understand it, is in conflict with
that just made by the Senator from Michigan.
The law under which the printing is done, as has
been read, clearly directs that the House first or-
dering the printing of the document shall have it
printed by its own printer, and if the other House
then orders the same document, it shall be printed
by the printer of that House which first ordered it.
The honorable Senator from Maryland says that
this document, which consists of Part No. 1 and
Part No. 2, was first communicated to the Sen-
ate, and first ordered to be printed by the Senate,
but in making the communication the Department
communicated the first part alone, not having
the second part ready, I presume. But it is just
as much onedocumentas the President's message
and accompanying documents. It is one docu-
ment, although printed in two or three parts.
This communication coming from the Patent Of-
fice, making a report of its proceedings, consists
of two parts, one the mechanical, the other the
agricultural, and it is printed in two volumes for
convenience; but it is one document. Now, even
if the House, in directing the agricultural part of
it to be printed, have, as we have been shown by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, undertaken to
direct that that part of this document should be
printed by their own printer, they seek the very
collision which is deprecated by the Senator from
Michigan. They seek the collision, if collision
I arises. Whether the Senate will entertain it, is
| another question; but, clearly, if we do not, ad-
j momshed by the House, indicate the intention of
j the Senate to require that the law shall be executed
; so far as it has directed, in my humble judgment
we shall have yielded to an apparent usurpation
on the part of the House.
I think, therefore, without ascribing anything
to the House, that this expression of theiis, that
j the documents which they have ordered shall be
I printed by their printer, is more than mere sur-
! plusage. It has a specific object, and if the Sen-
ator is right in his construction of the lav/, which
I apprehend he is, the effect of it will be to violate
this law, which requires the whole document to
be printed by the printer of the House first order-
ing it. I trust, therefore, the Senate will vindi-
