620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
table. I think it due to myself, as a matter of
fact, that th^se circumstances should be stated,
because the Senator from Illinois has objected to
the language of the memorial, as disrespectful to
the Senate,, and as personally offensive to him,
in common with the other members of the body
who supported the bill. I am aware of the reserve
which is impose'd by the rules of the Senate on
the presentation of memorials; and I deem it,
therefore, no m#re than justice to myself that the
Senate should understand precisely the circum-
stances under which this memorial was offered by
me.
1 think, however, sir, that I ought to go further,
and, inasmuch as the time of its presentation is
objected to, express, in justice to the memorial-
ists, the opinion that this memorial was signed by
probably every individual whose name is sub-
scribed to it before the final action of the Senate-
oil the Nebraska bill. It is probable, in collecting
together the separated papers which had been cir-
culated for signatures, and in preparing the me-
morial to be transmitted, in the copy of the cap-
tion which was made for that purpose, the date of
the first of March was appended to it, without
considering that many of the memorialists, prob-
ably all, must have signed it before that day. It
ought not, therefore, to be considered, as has
been complained of, as a protest directed against
a measure which so large a majority of the Senate
had previously sanctioned, but as the expression
of the opinion entertained by those who signed it
of a measure still pending before the Senate.
I do not undertake to vouch that this is the
fact; but I presume that Senators will themselves,
on reflection, consider that itmust be so; and that
the memorial must have been signed by a major-
ity, if not by every individual whose name is
there, while the measure was in its progress, and
not alter it had received the approbation of a great
majority of this body.
My own opinion in relation to presenting me-
morials to the Senate in reference to measures that j
have passed from our control would be, that it is, |
generally speaking, not expedient. In a single i
instance of a memorial against the Nebraska bill,
sent to me since the measure left this body, I
have, at the suggestion of the person who sent it,
instead of presenting it here, put it into the hands
of the member of the other House who represents
the district where the memorialists live. That was
done'at the request of the person who forwarded
the memorial. Observing, however, that other
Senators around me, in many cases, did present
memorials which had reached them since the bill
passed through the Senate, and contemplating the
possibility that it might again come before us,
after having undergone amendment in the other
House, and that there was therefore still a propri-
ety in its being considered, to a qualified extent, in
our possession, I have thought there was no irreg-
ularity in that point of view, in presenting any
memorial to which there was no objection on other
grounds. On this principle I have acted in refer*
ence to several memorials against the Nebraska
bill which have been sent to me during the past j
week. j
In reference to the objections taken to the lan- j
guage of the memorial, and the concertcd move- !
mentm which it has originated, I must say to the ■
Senator from Illinois, that I do not believe there j
is anything in it intended for political effect. I 1
have no belief that these three thousand clergymen |
from all parts of New England, in preparing and j
signing this memorial, have intended, in the small- j
est degree, to step from their sacred profession ;
into the arena of party politics. 1 am confident it j
would be found, if it were possible to make the [
inquiry, that the memorial is signed by individuals ;
of all political parties; that those who differ on ;
every political question, in the common aecepta- j
tion of the term, will be found to have united on 1
this occasion; that this paper really expresses the i
sincere conviction of men who look at this subject j
strictly in a moral and religious aspect, and that, ;
so far from designing to take any part in the agita- |
tions that trouble the land, they have regarded |
the question solely in the other point of view in j
which it is natural it should present itself to their
minds.
This has, from time immemorial, been the cus-
tom of the members of that profession, in that
part of the country, although not confined to it.
They have been m the habit, in reference to pub-
lic questions which have strongly appealed to the
sensibiiites of the community, and which they
regarded as having momentous moral and relig-
ious bearings, of expressing their opinions in this
way; and 1 am quite sure, as 1 said before, that
on this occasion, they have not intended to lay
aside—they have not thought they were laying
aside—their sacred character for the sake of join-
ing in political agitation, or affecting the result of
any political controversy. And, sir, I think I need
not say, that a body of over three thousand clergy-
men, comprehending more than three fourths of
the clerical profession of New England, of all de-
nominations, is a very respectable body; that it
must faithfully represent the public opinion of a
very large and most intelligent portion of the com-
munity, and that it is entitled to the most respect-
ful consideration on the part of this body. I do
not wish, as a citizen myself of that part of the
Union, to say anything that would be thought ex-
travagant, or dictated by local partiality on that
point, but I must say that I do not think it would
be possible to find any body of men of the same
number embracing a greater amount of personal
and moral worth than these three thousand and
fifty individuals. The greater portion of them are
necessarily men of education. They are persons
whose lives are consecrated, with very little re-
ward in what are called this world's goods, to the
highest objects to which the life and labors of a
man can be devoted. Of course, in such a large
number of men, there may be individual excep-
tions, but I do think that, in general, it may be
very fairly said they are as exemplary, as intelli-
gent, and as respectable a body of men as any
other in the country, not to say in the woildjand
1 must repeat my conviction, that on this occasion
they were animated by no desire to embark in the
strife and agitation of the world of politics; but
that feeling they were performing a duty that de-
volved upon them, they have expressed their hon-
est and sincere conviction of the character of the
measure in question contemplated, in a moral and
religious point of view.
i regret that the presentation of this memorial,
which, under the circumstances, I could regard m
no other light than as a duty to a large number of
my own immediate constituents, should have
awakened any feeling on the part of any member
of the Senate. It is but three or four days since
my friend from New York [Mr. Fish] presented
a similar memorial—I mean similar m its object,
for I have had no opportunity of comparing the
terms in which it is couched—subscribed by al-
most every clergyman in the city of New York.
It was headed by the distinguished bishop of the
eastern diocess of that State; and it was repre-
sented to be signed by a large majority of the
clergy of that city. No exception was taken in
the Senate to that memorial; none to its terms;
none to the facts of the presentation. It was re-
ceived in the usual form, and ordered to lie upon
the table m the usual manner. That, if I recol-
lect right, was since the passage of the bill; and
it took the course which other numerous memor-
ials have taken which have also been presented
since its passage. I think it would be wise and
expedient that this memorial also should be re-
ceived and disposed of in the usual way. I am
quite sure that it would be doing injustice to the
individuals who have signed it, many of whom
are personally known to me, as men venerable for
years, distinguished for learning, and of the utmost
purity of life and character, to reject their me-
morial as having been prompted by any desire to
kindle angry passions, or to engage m political
controversy; but that we ought to give them the
credit for having expressed honestly and sincerely
the feelings and opinions which they entertained
of this measure as a moral and religious question.
I do not know, sir, that I have anything more
to say on this subject. 1 felt that it was due to
the relation in which, without any previous inti-
mation, I have been placed to the memorialists
that I should say this much.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I am for the
greatest liberty to the greatest number, and I will
not deny to any class of my fellow-citizens, under
whatever name or denomination they may appear,
the light to petition; and under the general term
lS petition," provided for in the Constitution, I am
willing to regard memorials and remonstrances,
of whatever name, kind, or description, provided
always they are respectful to the Senate. But
they should be viewed in another light, and that
is as to the propriety of time.
Then the first objection which I make to this
remonstrance is not to its terms, not to it of itself,
but to the time of its presentation. All memo-
rializing and all petitioning is- upon the basis or
hypothesis that some good is to come of it; that
there is something pending, or likely to be pendings
to which it may refer. In that view, it is certainly
too late now to present this memorial, though, as
for that, I care but little. The bill has passed
from us, never to return'to us, in all probability.
We have done our deed, for good or for evil, for
weal or for woe. We are to have, I suppose, the
righteous judgments of the country and of the
Almighty upon us for the doing of that deed. I
presume this memorial intends to convey the idea,
although it does not say so distinctly, that we
subject ourselves to the righteous judgments of
the Almighty, to judgments which are terrible
and fearful, judgments of torment, of pain, and of
misery. I will not, however, so construe it, for
my own gratification at least. I am willing to say
that the righteous judgments of the Almighty
held in reserve for us are those of approval and
reward. I doubt not that we shall receive, through
the country, through our fellow-citizens, that
judgment of reward and approval. The bill,
however, to which this remonstrance relates, has
passed from us, not to return. It has gone en-
tirely to the other House, and I can see no pro-
priety in piling upon our table remonstrances
against the passage of a measure which we have
already passed.
But, sir, the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Adams] says he has great respect and great rever-
ence for the clergy, for the ministers of the Gos-
pel, as such, while they keep their robes pure and
unspotted; but when they descend to the turbid
pools of politics, and bed-ibble their garments all
over with the mud, and slime, and filth which he
would make you believe is to be fouud there, he
loses all respect for them. So should 1, if I could
be led to believe that the waters of the pool of
politics were any more turbid or filthy than the
waters which flow through their contradictory
streams of theology. I do not believe it, sir. I
hold, on the contrary, that the waters of the pools
of politics are infinitely more pellucid, and pure,
and cheering, and refreshing, than the pool which
surrounds their stagnant waters of theology—no
two of them agreeing on any proposition which
can be presented.
I am, however, totally incompetent to judge of
this matter. These men, as has been well said
by the Senator from Virginia, have not come to
you as fellow-citizens. The Constitution has se-
cured to the citizens of the United States the right
at all times to petition, and they shall never be
denied that right by me, whether they choose to
use the name of citizens or any other. But they
have not remonstrated in their own name as citi-
zens, nor in behalf of their feilow-citizens; but
they have come, as they tell you,as the embassa-
dors of a higher and an omnipotent power. They
'use the language of an embassador who says, " m
the name of my Government I declare to you this,
that, or the other." In the name of God, and in the
name of his violated law, they declare this. They
say that to them alone is given the pow.er to di-
vulge or to divine that law on earth, Sir, being
totally incompetent, avowing here my total inca-
pacity and inability to expound, divine, and illus-
trate that law, I shall leave it to a different forum
and a different place. . *
These memorialists do not tell us that the meas-
ure against which they protest, will injure the
country, or that it is a wrong to their fellow-citi-
zens; but that it is a violation of the law of Him,
j their master, who, they claim, haf sent them. The
propriety of such a remonstrance may well be
questioned; yet I will not undertake to question it.
Sir, this, then, is an ecclesiastical, not a political
question. They have withdrawn it from the polit-
ical arena. They have said that they are sent by the
Divine Creator, the Maker and enforcer of divine
law, commissioned to put forth and to thunder on
our devoted heads his anathemas and his judg-
ments in advance. As a secular body, we are en-
tirely incompetent to judge of what that law is, or
whether we haveoffended against it or not. These
men say they are commissioned to expound it
on earth to us. We have, however, provided
ourselves for all these contingencies. When the
