1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
disregard our resolution; and h# ought to do so.
It wouid be no excuse for him, if it did not meet
his judgment, to say that the Senate had ordered it.
Then, sir, how do we stand ? Either our con-
struction of the law is right, and the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing will decide it to be right,
and will give this printing to the printer of the
Senate, or else the construction contended for
here is wrong, and our resolution will be disre-
garded by the Superintendent, under his opinion
of his duty under the law. Then how stands the
Senate of the United States? The Superintendent
of Public Printing is not an officer who we can
control by our resolution. He is not an officerof
the Senate. He is an officer of the law of the
United States, and gives to it such construction
as, in his opinion, the law demands. Then I ask
Senators again, in what position will our action
place the Senate of the United States? Why, sir,
as seeking to control an officer over whom we have
no control at all, and subjecting our action, there-
fore, to be set at defiance; or, if we are right, the
resolution will be no more with those words in
than it is now.
It seems to me that there can really be no two
opinionsabout this matter; and in order that some
Senator may answer, if he can, I will state my
proposition again. I submit, that if the construc-
tion of the law which is contended for by the Sen-
ator from Maryland be the correct construction,
this resolution now carries on its face all that it
would carry if it were altered as suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania; but if that be not the
true construction of the Jaw, then we subject our-
selves to the humiliating position of having our
resolution expressly disregarded by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing. In either case, the
result arrived at, as to our action, is the same.
The Superintendent is an officer whose action we
cannot control. He will decide for himself as his
oath and the law compel him to do. At best,
then, according to the construction contended for
by the Senator from Maryland, it is a work of su-
pererogation to put in the words suggested; but
if that construction be wrong, then, by adopting
the suggestion of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
the Senate of the United States will have under-
taken a business which it has no riirht to transact.
Therefore, the fact whether this be one or two
documents does not at nil alter the propriety of
changing the terms of the resolution. As I sug-
gested, I think if veryprobable that although this
be one report, it may form two documents; but
the Senate of the United States is not the body to
decide that question; the law has expressly given
its decision to another tribunal—the Superintend-
ent of Pubhc Printing.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I intended, by
the vote which I gave upon this resolution before,
what 1 intend to make manifest by the vote
which I shall give upon the present proposition;
that is, that this printing should be done by the
printer of the Senate. Now, the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Michigan says that we have no author-
ity to direct the printing to be done by the printer
of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. That is not precisely my state-
ment; but perhaps th6 honorable Senator did not
hear the remarks which I made a short time ago.
I stated that the Senate could undoubtedly order
a document to be printed, and have it ptinted by
whom they chose; but that would be an extra
document, outside of the law. I said further,
that if this document should be printed under the
law, the Superintendent would decide who should
have it.
Mr. BADGER. Then f understand the Sen-
ator concedes we have a right to direct this docu-
ment to be printed by our printer. That being
so, if it is the wish and intention of the Senate
that our printer should print it, it seems to me that
every objection to modifying the resolution, as
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, is
gone. I take it thaf, if we pass this order that
this printing is to be done by the printer of the
Senate, it will be done by him, or it will be done
by nobody. I take it for granted, if we pass this
order, the officers of this Bouse will know that at
least it is not their business to dispute ourauthor-
ity, and the Secretary will take care that the
printing is done by the person whom we direct
shall do it.
Now, sir, that is sufficient for me. The ques-
tion may come up hereafter, whether it is print-
beyond the scope of the law which
ie public printing, or falls within it. I
ing ordered
regulates the public printing, <
do not think it necessary to investigate the ques-
tion now. I wish the printing done, and I wish
it done by the officer of the Senate; and therefore
1 shall vote to direct that it be done by him.
There is a question, however, now pending,
Mr. President, as I have collected from some
statements I have seen in the newspapers, with
regard to the construction of the printing law of
1852; and I understand the circuit court of the
United States for this District, upon an applica-
tion being made to them for some process in be-
half of the printer of the Senate, have refused to
grant it, not upon the ground that the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing is, under the law, au-
thorized to decide the questions with regard to
printing which have created this difficulty, Jbut
that the ultimate power of decision belongs, under
the law, to the Committees on Printing of the two
Houses. 1 understand, further, that from that
refusal an appeal has been prosecuted to the Su-
preme Court; so that what is the true construc-
tion of the law is now in a process of judicial in-
terpretation. It may turn out that the opinion
that the committees of the two Houses of Con-
gress are the ultimate authority will receive the
sanction of the highest tribunal of the country,
who will decide that question calmly, and who
can have no preference or feeling in the matter.
But, in the mean time, we propose to print this
document. We have power, it is confessed, to
have it printed by our own printer, and the other
question will arise hereafter.'
Mr. PRATT. And this will not increase the
expense.
Mr. STUART. I will state my position in a
few words; for I am reluctant to detain the Senate.
1 insist that this is the construction of the law:
If this body orders a certain number of documents
to be printed, and, in the opinion of the Superin-
tendent, the printing of them belongs to the House
printer, he will print them. If this body incorpo-
rates in a resolution additional words, that that
number shall be printed by the printer of the Sen-
ate, and the officers of the Senate cairy out that
resolution, he will print them, as the printer of
the Intelligencer might print them, or any one else
whom we might order. Thus ye shall have thirty-
seven thousand five hundred additional documents
printed, and we shall have to pay for them out of
our contingent fund.
Sir, we cannot change the law. The printer of
the House of Representatives and the printer of
the Senate have certain rights under the law, to be
determined by the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. If we incorporate in our resolution an order
that these documents shall be printed by the printer
of the Herald, or the printer of the Star, or any-
body else, we cannot take away the right which
the law gives to the public printer. Then, if our
officers go on and obey our resolution, the result
is, as I said before, that we shall have an addi-
tional number of this document. We shall have
seventy-five thousand instead of thirty-seven thou-
sand five hundred; and we shall have to pay for
thirty-seven thousand five hundred out of our con-
tingent fund, in addition to paying; for thirty-seven
thousand five hundred from the Treasury. It is
therefore a mistake to say that this will not cost
us any more.
I take it that this position I assume cannot be
disputed. This law, I repeat, confers rights upon
the printers of both Houses. Those rights are
fixed and determined, so soon as the Superintend-
ent acts; and the terms of our resolutions cannot
deprive any one of rights vested by law. If we
order the document to be printed, the Superin-
tendent determines who shall print it. We can-
not change the law. It is not in our power to
change it. But if the argument of the other side
be right, there was no necessity for our amend-
ment to the deficiency bill. We undertook by
that amendment so to change the law as to pay for
extra composition. Now we can as well change
it, and do change it, by this resolution; and if the
argument be sound, we do not need the concurrent
action of the other House and the President of
the United States at all, to change the law- That
argument, therefore, it seems to me, cannot bear
examination.
Mr. PRATT. I wish the Senator to answer
this argument, if he can. The proposition sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, and, as I understand, it was conceded By the
honorable Senator from Michigan, is, that the
Senate have a right to order any number of copies
to be printed, and to direct that number of copies
to be piinied by whom they please. Now, the
Senator says he number so printed under the
order of the Senate would have to be paid for out
of the contingent fund of the Senate. The Sena-
tor must further concede that it is not obligatory
upon theSenate to order any number to be printed
at all, and therefore if they do not take action
under the general power which they have under the
law of 1852, there is nothing for the public printer
to do. They have ordered no part of the docu-
ment to be printed which will come within that
view. According to the Senator's own argument,
if he is right in the law, (which I humbly con-
ceive he is not,) the number we order for our-
selves would be printed by our own printer, and
we should have to pay for it out of this fund; but
1 say it would not be an additional number.
Mr. STUART. The Senator asks me to an-
swer the argument if I can. Now, sir, 1 may be
exceedingly confident—not in my own power, but
in the reason of the case. I will, however, state
my proposition in a few words; and I hope so
clearly that the Senator cannot misunderstand me.
The law of the United States has provided for the
election of a public printer, and it has provided
that when he is elected, he shall do all the printing
for both Houses of Congress, and for the Execu-
tive Departments. That is the law. That being
the law, I ask where the power rests—in the Sen-
ate, or the House of Representatives of the United
States—to divert that printing to somebody else ?
Is there any such power?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the law say " all the
printing?"
Mr. STUART. The law says that all the public
printing shall be done by the public printer, and
each House is to elect a public printer. The two
Houses may elect the same printer, or they may
elect different ones. If two are elected, these two
are to do all the public printing. Now, do they
not have a right to that printing, the moment the
House orders any public printing, and the moment
the Senate orders any public printing? Does it
not go immediately to these persons under the law,
and is there any power to divert it from them ?
Mr. PRATT. Did not the Senator concede
j that we had a right to order whomever we pleased
to print anything ?
Mr. STUART. 1 have stated my proposition
three or four times already, but I will state it
again, so that I cannot he misunderstood. I say,
that if the Senate, in ordering the printing of this
document, goes on to say that it shall be printed
by the printer of the Senate, it is an additional
number to be printed beyond the provisions of the
law. If the House printer is entitled to this print-
ing, without these words being inserted in the
resolution, he will print these thirty-seven thou-
sand five hundied additional copies under that
law, and it is not in our power to prevent him.
Then, 1 say, if the Senate printer prints thirty-
seven thousand five hundred also, he does it under
the resolution of the Senate, and not under the
law, and is to be paid for it out of the contingent
fund of the Senate. It is not in the power of the
Senate of the United Slates to direct printing to
be done by anybody else, so as to affect the rights
of the public printers under the law. Suppose we
order ten thousand copies of a document to be
printed by the printer of the New York Herald;
the moment we order this, it gives to the printer
of Congress a right to print the same number,
because the law gives it 'to him. He can print it;
he will print it; and it will be paid for out of the
Treasury of the United States. We can have the
same number printed by the printer of the Herald,
and pay him for it also; and that is this case pre-
cisely. If the officers of the Senate, as suggested
by the Senator from North Carolina, obey our
j resolution, and have this printing done through the
s medium of the printer of the Senate, and the
i Superintendent shall determine that he is notenti-
! tied to it, the House printer will take his pay for
i it under the law, and will print the document.
We cannot avoid it by any action of ours. It is
for this reason, and this reason alone, that I am
opposed to the reconsideration; for, as between
these printers, I beg leave to say now, once and
forever, that I have no choice at all. I care not,
individually, who does the printing; but I have
