2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
has sustained what he understands to be the rule,
but he will submit the question to the Senate,
whether they will receive the amendment of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the 30th rule
be read ? ,
It was read as follows:
"30. No amendment, proposing additional appropria-
tions, shall be received to any genera! appropriation bill,
unless it he made to earry out the provisions of some ex-
isting law, or some act or resolution previously passed by
the Senate during that sesyon, or moved by direction of a
standing or select committee, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments; and no
amendment shall be received whose object is to provide
for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the pro*iMons
of an existing law, or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. DAWSON. None of these surveys have
been returned, and in all probability they will not
be here before the meeting of the next session. I
dislike to create a board of this sort 
.Mr, WELLEIl. The question is now, whether
we shall entertain the amendment? Not upon its
merits.
Mr. DAWSON. But the question-of order is,
whether tins shall be received? The bill already
appropriates $150,000, and the amendment pro-
poses to apply part of it to the payment of three
civil engineers or commissioners. It seems to me
that that is clearly an appropriation in the contem-
plation of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
had no doubt on that head, but he has submitted
the question to the Senate whether they will en-
tertain the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. The only question is, whether
it is in order for a Senator to move an amendment
directing the particular manner in which an ap-
propriation provided for in the bill shall be ex-
pended.
Mr. SEtVARD. It seems to me that the ap-
propriation is a given sum of money, and when a
Senator not satisfied with that, he can move to
give to that sum  f money a different direction,
without conflicting; with the rules.
Mr. PRATT. Suppose an appropriation were
made in the bill for the building of the Capitol
under the direction of the War Department, would
it be contended that it would be ih order, because
that appropriation was in the bill, for an individ-
ual Senator to offer an amendment to divert that
money to some object not recommended ?
Mr. WELLER". No, sir; but I apprehend it
would be in order to propose an. amendment to
change the manner in which that building should
be constructed. Suppose the original appropria-
tion provided for a certain building, could I not
move to change the character of that building
without having an estimate from the Department ?
Undoubtedly I could.
Mr. PRATT. I do' not know about the char-
acter of the building; but here you have commis-
sioners who are to exhaust this sum.
Mr. SEWARD railed for the yeas and nays
on the question whether the amendment could
be entertained under the 30th rule; and they were
ordered, and being taken,resulted—yeas23,nays
10; as follows:
YEAS—Messi*. Atchison, Ravard, Benjamin, Chase,
Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Fe>sendt;n, Fis.h, Font,
Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Houston, Jamr*, Mallory, Itockwoll,
Seward, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and
WeMer—2*1.
NAY?—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Fvan*, Johnson, Mor-
ton, Pratt, yhdell, Stuart, Toomb?., and Toucey—10.
So the amendment was received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I am directed by a majority
of the Committee on Military Affairs to offer the
following amendment as an additional section:
Src.—. JinAhcit jvrther enacted, That the Secretaries
of War and the Navy, if, in their opinion , the public service
requires it, are authorized to purchase of the patentee Ins
patent for practical anasthtesia; and the sum of $100,000 is
hereby appropriated, to be charged in equal amounts to the
Army and Navy: Provided, however, Before making the
purchase, they shall obtain the opinion of the Attorney
General ot the United States affirming the validity of any
such patent. >
The amendment was rejected. |
Mr. GEYER. I offer the following amend- j
ment, as an additional section: 1
Sec. *$nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary I
of War be, and he iiejeky is, authorized and required to !
eede and convey jto iiie c;tj ot St. Louis the tract of land of j
thirty-seve^ sixty-four one hundreth acres, on which the
St. Louis arsenal now stands, together with the permanent
and fixed improvements, for such sum of money as. the said
Secretary shall deem reasonable, not less than the original
cost of the lands, buildings, and permanent improvements
thereon, to be paid by said city into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States; and the sum ot money which shall be so paid, or
so much thereof as shall be necessary, is hereby appro-
priated to the construction of another arsenal on th'; tract of
land on which Jefferson barracks are situated, and the re-
moval thereto of the arms, munitions, machinery, and tools
now at said St. Louis arsenal: Provided, That the possession
of said tract of land shall not be delivered to said $ty until
after the new arsenal is completed, and the arms, mum-
Uons, machinery, and tools aforesaid removed thereto, for
which purposes the period of two years from and after the
payment of the purchase money shall be allowed: Jlnd
■provided also, That the said sale and conveyance shall be
on condition that the said tract of land shall forever remain
a public park for the use of the inhabitants of said city, and
shall be maintained and regulated as such by the said city.
I will send to the Secretary to be read the let-
ter of the Secretary of War, together with there-
port of Colonel Craig to the Secretary of War, on
the subject.
The Secretary react them, as follows :
War Department, January 27, 1?54.
Sir : T have considered the subject of the resolution left
by you atthis Department, diiectmgan inquiry into the ex-
pediency of ceding to the city of St. Lour*, for the purpose
of a public park, the ground on which the United States
arsenal now stands; and L herewith transmit a report from
the Colonel of Ordnance on the subject I see no objec-
tion to the cession,if tune be allowed and means be pro-
vided ior the construction of an arsenal on another site, and
ihe removal thereto of the arms, munitions, machinery,
tools, &c., now at the St. Louis arsenal, for which pur-
poses the sum of $*250,000 is estimated to be required.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, '
JEFF. DAVIS.
Hon. Thomas H. Bshton, Chairman Committee on Mili-
tary Jljfiiirs* Home of Representatives.
Ordnance Office, January 27, 1854.
Sir: 1 have to acknowledge the leferenee to this office
for report of the resolution of the House of Representatives
instructing the Committee on Military AflUir.s to inquire
into the expediency of ceding to ihe city of St. Louis, for
the purpose of a public park, tor ever, tho^rmjud on which
the United States arsenal now stands, and to submit the
following remarks on the measure, the expediency of which
is the subject of inquiry.
The arsenal is near, and just outside, the limits of the
city of St. Louis.- It was located and its construction
commenced in accordance with the act approved May
20, 1826, entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary
of the War Department to purchase a site for an arsenal at
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, and to provide for the
erection of an arsenal at. the same." The site selected,
and on which the arsenal now stands, contains thirty seven
lorty sixth hundredth acres, and is estimated to be now
worth at lea?.t {$200,000, exclusive of the inclosing walls,
interior fences, drains, culverts, and roads, which are
valued at $30,000, The buildings, which are constructed
in the most permanent manner, are valued at $163,010.
The arms and munitions of war of all kinds, together with
the machinery and tools in store and in use, are valued at
$1,375,773*
The proposed cession to the city of St. Louis for the pur-
pose stated in the resolution, will require the abandon-
ment of the land, with its permanent and (Hed improve-
ments, and ofthe building*, the value of which amounts to
$393,010, and the removal of the ret-l of the public prop-
erty. The St. Louis arsenal is the only arsenal west of the
Mississippi, and, except that at Pittsburg, the only arsenal
m the West where constiuetion and repairs ot artillery
carnages, ariiH, accoutrements, and munitions can b«
carried on to a great extent. It has now good facilities for
dome such work, and nearly all the supplies for the West
and Northwest are prepared there, it cannot be abandoned,
without very great injury to the public interest and service,
until another and similar arsenal is constructed in that part
ofthe country to supply its place, and the arms, munitions,
and all moveable apparatus at the present ar&cnal are trans
ferred thither. The cession to the city of Sr. Louis until
after this shall have been done, is, in my opinion, altogether
inexpedient. On the other hand, there seems no doubt
thai since the original location ol the arsenal, the extension
ofthe city has brought the two into an inconvenient and
disadvantageous proximity for both, and that the removal
of the arsenal to a site further from the city Is desirable.
The ereetion of proper buildings on the new site, and the
removal of the ordnance store* and supplies thither, would
cost, it is estimated, $250,000. If means to tins extent
will he furnished by the city of St. Louis, in consideration
of the cession, or by appropriation of Congress tor the pur-
pose, the erection of the buildings and the lemoval of the
stores may followas soon as practicable ; and when that is
done, I know of no objection to the cession of the present
arsenal to the city.
The resolution of the House of Representatives is re-
turned herewith,
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. K. CRAIG, Colonel of Ordnance•
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of War.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. WELLER. I now offer the following1
amendment, which was rejected in Committee of
the Whole:
For the payment of claims adjudicated by the board of
Army officers, appointed bythe Secretarv of War, mider the
sixth section of the act of August 31,1*852, $199,885 23%,
In regard to this amendment, I have only to
say that the amount named in it is the amount of
clatms favorably passed on by the commissioners.
Claims to the amount of over $865,000 were pre-
sented, of which $400,000 were rejected or sus*
pended, and $129,000 allowed. A record of their
allowances has been transmitted to the Commit-
tee oif Military Affairs, who have carefully exam-
ined the subject, and are entirely satisfied that the
allowances are just and proper.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and thgy *were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. This board of officers was or-
ganized under an act passed two years ago. They
have been, for two years, engaged in the examin-
ation of these claims, and have made an elaborate
report upon them. It is well known to those who
have investigated the subject, that the board have,
w"ith scrupulous care, examined every claim they
have passed on; and out of the vast amount pre-
sented, $865,000, as my colleague ^stated, they
have only passed this amou'nt. Sir,'it is useless
to pass laws establishing boards of commissioners,
if their awards are never to be carried into effect.
I had hoped there would not be a member of this
body who would oppose this appropriation. I
trust it will be agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas-and nays,
upon the amendment, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13;
as follows: «
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Brodhead,
Brown, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Gwin, Houston,
James, Johnson,* Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton,
Rusk, Seward, BlideH, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Toucey, Walker, and Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Chase, Clav, Evans,
Fessendeu, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Pearce, Fratt, Rockwell,
Stuart, and Sumner—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY. I now renew the amendment
which was offered and rejected in Committee of
the Whole, appropriating $90,000 for the purchase
of rifles.
Mr. WALKER. In what shape does the Sen-
ator renew it. As it was modified?
Mr. TOUCEY. In the same shape in which it
was modified.
Mr. MALLORY. Is the amendment for the
purchase of three thousand rifles at $90,000—thir-
ty dollars a rifle ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest whether it would
not be as well to leave the amount, $90,000,
without specifying the number of rifles? 1 am
using one of these very rifles myself, and I know
their value.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will adopt the suggestion of
the Senator from Florida, and offer the amend-
ment in this shape:
For the purchase of the best breech-loading rifles, in
the opinion of the Secretary of War, for the n*e ol the
United State* Army, $90,000: Provided, The Secretary of
War, after a fair practical test thereof, shall deem the pur-
chase advisable and proper.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered* and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Benjamin, Brown,
Clay, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gwm,
Houston, James, Johnson, Mallory, Morton, Rus-k, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thom&ou of New Jersey,
Toombs, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bneht,Chase,Dawson, Evans,
Pearce, Pratt, and Rockwell—tt.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senate has agreed to the
amendment appropriating $129,000 as part of the
award made by the commissioners appointed
under the act or August 31, 1852. I beg now to
present the following amendment as an additional
section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the board of
officers appointed under the sixth section of the "act
making appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1853," appioved August 31, 1852, is
hereby authorized and directed, in addition to the powers
and duties already conferred upon it, to extend it-? exam-
inations to claims arising from the destruction of property
by the troops serving under the command of Lieutenant
Colonel John C. Fremont, in California, in the years 1846
and 1847, by his orders, as well as for the destruction of
property by the enemy caused by the occupancy of the
claimants premises by thet,said troops: That said board
i-s empowered to examine witnesses under oath, and take
testimony, if necessary, in California or elsewhere: That
for the payment of claims heretofore favorably reported
upon by the board, including that numbered one hundred
and ninety-seven, being the claim of Santiago E. Arguello,
