62-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
government, unless you can pin him by the re-
cord, and then he will have some excuse on some
immaterial point. These confederates can have
their triumph now, by heaping on our heads in-
sult and calumny, and by deceiving even ministers
of the Gospel and members of churches into acts
of exaess which are disgraceful to them, and of
which they will be ashamed when the question
comes to be fairly understood.
And, sir, wnen that revolution comes, when
that revulsion of feeling, from an indignant peo-
ple who have been misled under holy pretenses
for base partisan purposes, returns upon them, I
then will be able to say, "Now you get the reward
of your own conduct," I bide my time; I take
no exception to what is going on now; but I wish
to enter my protest against the Senate giving its
sanction to the recognition of the clergy of this
country as a body of men authorized to judge
upon political and legislative questions in the name
of the; Almighty, and without any responsibility
to the people, it reverses the whole principle of
our Government, and it was only to enter my pro-
test against that reversal that I called theattention
of the Senate to this protest.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, as the hon-
orahle Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, seemed in a most em-
phatic manner to address his remarks to me, I think
him fully entitled to the respect of my attention.
He has dwelt upon the Abolition character of
this document. So far as any such character
may be embodied in it, I have nothing to say.
There are various opinions entertained here and
elsewhere upon various subjects with which I have
no.thing to do, and with which I have no affilia-
tion* but with this subject, as it is presented to the
Senate now, I have some connection. With the
controversy which exists between the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Territories and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cijase,] and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] I have
nothing to do. 1 was not here when the contio-
veisy originated, nor when it was first introduced
into the Senate. I have not participated in it .since;
and however unpleasant such altercations or con-
troversies may be, and however \ may regaid them
as impeding the transaction of business in this
body, I have forborne either public or private
expressions of opinion upon that matter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr President, I will say to
the Senator that the only allusion which I had to
him was the simple quotation which ! made from
his remarks when he spoke of these ministers
being the vicegerents of the Almighty. My other
remarks were intended for another quarter, so far
as the)* had an application anywhere. If he is
under the misapprehension of supposing that they
referred to him, I wish to correct him; that is all.
I do not want to interrupt him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very glad to hear the
disclaimer, for the gentleman's remarks appeared
to be directed so unequivocally toward me, that I
was led into the misapprehension of supposing
that they were intended perhaps to apply to me,
in a manner in which it was not the purpose of
the gentleman to apply them. But, sir, I explained
when I was up before the misapplication of the
term " vicegerent," and I expressed my opinion
to be that the ministers of the Gospel were the
heralds of the Almighty God, or his ministers
of peace upon earth. I thought the gentleman
would not have carped upon that expression, un-
less with reference to some particular influence
which my views might have upon the authtoiy.
It wns a mere misapplication of a term, and I so
explained it.
Bur, Mr. President, I think the object of this me-
morial is misapprehended. 1 find no fault with its
introduction either before or after the passage of
the bill to which it refers, for that bill may be re-
turned to the Senate with amendments. Such
things very frequently occur. At all events,as the
memorial has been prepared with great care, and
as the gentlemen who have signed it have been
anxious that their views should be laid before the
Senate of the United States, lest other measures
embracing similar principles should be introduced,
I con see nothing improper m allowing them to '
lay their views respectfully before the Senate. I
do not think there is any evidence that the gentle-
men who have signed the memorial have any dis-
position to establish theocracy in our country, or
that they wish to take the Government into their
own hands, and exercise a controlling influence
over it. We find that those who have signed this
document are of different sects and of various de-
nominations. I think there is no danger that such
an amalgamation of interests and opinions will take
place as to embody a force sufficient to make any
great impression on the institutions of this country,
or to endanger our liberties.
Mr. President, this memorial is regarded as a
substantive and independent matter, as intended
to produce agitation, and to insult the Senate; but
it is really the effect of a measure which I pre-
dicted would have this influence upon the com-
munity. The cause exists in the Senate. It ex-
ists in the amendment inserted into the Nebraska
bill proposing the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, and this is but responsive action to that.
The cause is not in the clergymen who have signed
this memorial. The memorial is the effect of a
cause brought forward and presented m the Senate.
The memorial impugns the action of no one. It
is true the memorialists speak of the measure as
immoral. Surely that ought not to insult Senators.
They are not such paragons of morality that they
cannot bear to have their moral character ques-
tioned, if they should happen to do anything
which would not be strictly moral, according to
some standards, but which I should not think to
be very immoral. But is their morality of such a
delicate texture as to be affected by a memorial
coming from " the land of steady habits ?"
We are told that there is a great principle in-
volved in the bill to which this memorial refers.
This is a very formidable and very visible re-
sponse to that great principle which it is said has
lain dormant. Sir, I need not name the number
of years that it has lain dormant. No brightgenius
ever elicited it; no brilliant conception ever discov-
ered it until this session had progressed for some
time, when the great principle of non-intervention
at once sprang up to lilumme the world, to be re-
garded as one winch, at some future day, would
be a universally-recognized principle. Sir, 1
recognize the principles of self-government, but I
do it in sovereignty. A people in tutelage cannot
exercise sovereignty, but States can. A people
who are in a teirimrml existence, which is fitting
them to become States, exercise what may be
called a quasi sovereignty. They are never really
sovereign until they are recognized by Congress
as such, and are received into the Union as sov-
ereign States. Then is the time for the operation
of self-government, but it grows out of sover-
eignty. Is it lo be in five squatters? They may
pass a law to-day and repeal it to-morrow, and
the next day they may pass another law, and so
on successively from day to day, and from year
to year they may pass and repeal laws. The Ter-
ritories have no power to pass organic laws until
the attributes of sovereignty are about to attach,
or have actually attached to them. That is what
1 call non-intervention. That is what I call sov-
ereignty and self-government.
This is the great principle which it is said is
involved in the bill which we have passed; and
now we are receiving the response to it. I hope
we may never have any more responses of this
description. I pray Heaven that we may never
have another such protest in this body. I pray
that there may never exist any necessity for it.
But for the necessity or cause, which originated in
this body, this memorial would never have been
laid upon your table. This is but the effect; the
cause was anterior to it. If we wish to avert
calamitous effects, we should prevent pernicious
causes.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to be drawn, by any remarks which have been
made, into a discussion of the question which was
so elaborately discussed and finally disposed of, so
far as this House is concerned, the week before
last; but I have a few words to say upon the mere
incident, the circumstance which, happening here
this morning, is the subjecuof discussion.
I understand that the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who moved that this pe-
tition should not be received, submitted that mo-
tion after the petition, in fact, had been received;
and therefore I suppose that motion is not in order,
and will not be insisted upon. \ do not under-
stand the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Pettit] seriously to propose to refer to the Chap-
Iain of the Senate a paper addressed to the Senate
for its consideration.
Mr. PETTIT. If our rules allow it I shall in-
sist on that reference. -.-r
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the honorable
Senator to assume that the rules do not allow it,
and that it therefore cannot be done. Hence I
will address no remarks to the Senate on that point.
I understand the honorable Senator from Illinois, .
[Mr. Douglas,] who objected to this memorial,
to say that, after having delivered his sentiments
on the subject of the measure to which it referred,
he, for one, would consent that the memorial
should lie on the table. That is precisely what is
desired by the petitioners themselves, or those
who represent them here on this occasion. I un-
derstand, therefore, that there is no legislative ques-
tion before the Senate at all in regard to this matter;
but that practically we are all agreed that this me-
morial or petition, respectful or otherwise, right
or wrong, shall he on the table. Then I under-
stand the design of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, and of those who have addressed the Sen-
ate upon this occasion, has been to reply to the
remarks which are contained in the memorial upon
the subject of the Nebraska bill, and the abroga-
tion of the Missouri compromise. Though I do
not think this is a customary or a right way to
meet memorials or remonstrances from the people,
yet, inasmuch as several Senators from different
parts of the country have thought it proper to re-
ply, by the expression of their opinions and sen-
timents, upon the propriety of this memorial, and
the propriety of those who have sent it here, I
barely wish to state for myself what I think on
the subject.
Now, Mr. President, I have to say, in the first
place, that, if the presentation of this memorial
here is wrong at all, it is wrong either in regard
to the time, or the place, or the circumstance, or
the character of the memorahsts, or the argument
which the memorial makes.
Well, sir, I think those who will reflect on the
subject will see that there is no censure justly to
be cast upon the memorialists in regard to the
time. It has been the habitual practice of the
Senate to receive memorials and petitions upon
subjects which were not yet before the body for
action, and might never be; as, for instance, me-
morials upon the subject of securing the liberty of
conscience to American citizens in foreign coun-
tries, have been received without question. So
in regard to this matter. It is a subject which is
one of legitimate consideration for the Senate. Al-
though the Senate have acted on it, their action is
as yet inchoate; it is liable to be reviewed directly.
When the bill shall pass the other House, if ever,
it may and probably will come back to us with
amendments. Even if this were not so, still the
Senate might be convinced, by the arguments of
the memorialists or otherwise, that they had acted
unwisely and injurious!/ to the country. If so,
it is not too late to rescind our action. We can
take measures to repeal the act if it shall ever
pass.
Then, sir, in regard to the character of the per-
sons who have presented this memorial; is there
anything wrong in that? It is said they are cler-
gymen, but they are nevertheless American citi-
zens, and the broader qualification of citizenship .
covers over the lesser and inferior character and
description of clergymen. Every man who is a
citizen of the United States, and, according to my
theory, every man who, although he may not be
a citizen yet is a subject of the Government of the
United States, has aright to petition the Congress
of the United States upon any subject of national
interest, or which can be legitimately the subject
of legislation. Then, is there any well-grounded
objection to the fact that they describe themselves
as clergyman ? Certainly not; because it is the right
and the privilege of a citizen, if he can petition at
all, to present his petition in his own way. If he
thinks there is anything in his character or posi-
tion which entitles his opinions to higher consid-
eration, or which leadsto the belief that he under-
stands the subject more thoioughly than others,
it is his right to describe himself by the appella-
tion which designates his profession, his charac-
ter, or his office. It is only on this principle that
the Legislatures of the Statesmnke their voices
known to Congress, by describing themselves as
the Legislatures of the States. After all, they
come here with their resolutions in the character
of petitioners or remonstrants, under that provis-
ion of the Constitution which guaranties the right
