im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
by it, I will move to reduce the number to two
thousand five hundred.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
Mr. BRODHEAD. Several Senators around
me say I had better leave it as it is; I will not,
therefore, move the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have the reso-
lution amended, so as to increase the whole number
to be printed. It was the intention, I understand,
of the committee, if the amendment of the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpatrick] prevailed, in-
creasing the amount to be placed at the disposal
of the Patent Office to five thousand, to ask that
the whole number be increased to forty thousand.
I move, therefore, to strike out " thirty-seven
thousand five hundred" and insert " forty thou-
sand."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution, as amended:
Ordered, That there be printed by the printerof the Sen-
ate forty thousand additional copies of the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report, with the plates accom-
panying the same, five thousand of which shall be for the
use of the Patent Office.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered, and taken with the
following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allow, Atchison, Badger, Brodhead,
Brown, Dawson, Douglas, Evans, Fish, Foot, Gillette,
Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Pettit, Pratt,
Rusk, Seward, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade,
and Waller—23.
NAYS—Mews. Adam?, Benjamin, Cass, Clay, Fitzpat-
rick, Hamlin, Noma, Slideli,Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, and
Walker-—12,
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
GOLD COINAGE.
Mr. GWIN. I move to take up the bill which
has been reported from the Committee on Finance,
"to authorize the coinage of gold pieces £f the
\ralue respectively of ten eagles and five eagles,
and for other purposes." It is important that it
should be acted upon at once.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia now, when we are engaged in this business
of printing, will allow us to dispose of another
resolution which is also pending on a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. U WIN. We are wasting more time on
these resolutions than they are all worth. The
measure which I propose to take up is of some
national importance to the country, and I hope the
Senate will permit me to have it acted upon. The
Secretary of the Treasury is anxious that it should
be passed.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan state what resolution it is he wishes to have
called up?
Mr. STUART. It is in relation to the printing
of a document called the Compendium of the Cen-
sus. The resolution was passed by the Senate
some three or four months since, but it has been
tied up by a motion to reconsider.
_ Mr. G WIN. I think there will be no opposi-
tion to my bill; and I hope it will not take ten
minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole.
It provides that there may be coined and issued,
by the Mint of the United States, or by such of
the branch Mints as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct, a gold coin of the weight of two thou-
sand five hundred and eighty giams, of the value
of one hundred dollars, and another of the weight
of one thousand two hundred and ninety grains,
of the value of fitty dollars; each of which cains
shall be of the standard fineness now prescribed by
Jaw for the gold coins of the United States, and
shall be a legal tender, and shall be received at
their respective values, as established by the bill,
in payment of all dues to the United States.
It also proposes to enact that the Director of the
Mint, in the regulations he is authorized to make
for the assay office in New York, shall place de-
positors of gold bullion in that office upon the
same footing as depositors of gold in the Mint at
Philadelphia and branches; and that it shall beat
the option of persons depositing gold or silver in
bullion or in foreign coins at the assay office m
the city of New York, to receive the Mint value
of the same, either in refined bars or in bars made
from the identical metal without refining; but m
either case to bear a stamp of the weight, fineness,
and Mint value.
It further proposes to repeal all laws heretofore
passed which authorize any foreign gold or silver
coins to pass current as money and to be receiva-
ble in payment of debts.
it provides that the Director of the Mint may,
under ^uch rules and regulations, and upon such
terms and conditions as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe, provide for striking
medals for such States, Territories, associations,
societies, and individuals, as the rules shall in-
clude, and the Director, under like rules and regu-
lations, shall acquire and keep a collection of all
medals that have been or may be struck by the
United States, or any of the States or Territories
of the United States, and also of all such as may
be struck at, the Mint under the provision hereof:
Provided, That ail expenses incurred on account
of the striking of such medals shall be paid by
the said States, Territories, associations, societies,
and individuals respectively, for which or whom
they may be struck.
The bill is further designed to authorize the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate of the United States, to appoint an As-
sistant Director of the Mint, at an annual salary
of $2,500; and allow the clerks in the Mint an
annual salary of §1,800 each, at^the discretion of
the officers authorized by law to appoint, with the
appiobation of the President; and to allow to the
clcrks authorized to be employed in the branch
Mint in California, $3,000 a vear each, to take
effect from and after the first of July, 1854.
It also provides that all appointments of clerks
and assistants authorized to be employed in the
offices of the Assistant Treasurers of the United
States, and m the offices of the Mint and branches
shall respectively be made, with the approbation
of the President, by the Assistant Treasurer Di-
rector, Superintendent, and Treasurers of the Mint
and branches, as the case may be, whose bonds
are held at the Treasury Department in trust for
the proper and faithful performance of their re-
spective duties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not disposed to give
my vote on this bill at this moment. It was only
reported on the 23d of May. It certainly appeals
to me to be a very important bill. 1 have been
looking over some of its provisions, and I find
that it makes a great change in the public policy
of the country; and I should like to have some ex-
planations of its provisions, in order to vote on it
understandingly. I find, for instance, that the
sixth section proposes to repeal all laws hereto-
fore passed for authorizing any foreign gold or
silver coin to be passed current as money, and be
receivable in payment of debts. I do not know
for what reason the Committee on Finance has
reported that section. I find numerous other sec-
tions increasing the salaries of different public
officers, making some changes in telation to the
mode of appointment of clerks and assistants, and
different provisions of the bill, which I have not
yet had time even to read. The bill has only been
live or six days printed. I am not prepared to
vote upon it now. If, however, the Senator from
California can explain it, and satisfy me in relation
to it, 1 shall be quite pleased to withdraw my
request for delay.
Mr. GWIN. All the provisions alluded to by
the Senator from Louisiana weie piepared by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and at his request ex-
amined by the Committee on Finance, and report-
ed unanimously by that committee. The original
proposition referred to the committee, was only as
to the propriety of authorizing the large coins,pro-
vided for by this bill. That question was present-
ed by a memorial of bankers and merchants of
San Francisco, asking for large coins for that place.
The Secretary of the Treasury was of opinion
that it was a proper time, and a proper occasion,
to make these other and necessary alterations.
The bill was prepared at the Department, and sent
to the Committee on Finance, after full consulta-
tion with the Director of the Mint. The altera-
tions stated by the Senator from Louisiana have
been fully digested by the head of the Treasury
Department, and approved by the Committee on
Finance. 1 have no doubt that every provision in
the bill is useful and important. There is no doubt
that we ought to banish foreign coin from our cur-
rency. Gold is one of the products of the coun-
try. We produce a hundred millions of gold
annually. We have Mints all over our country.
We have enough coin of our own. We do not
want ta drive any but foreign coinage out of the
country. It is worn out, and not of its full value.
The Mint has full capacity to coin enough for'all
the u$es of the country. Every provision of the
bill has been carefully examined by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and sent to the committee for
their approbation.
Mr. FJSH. I hope the Senator will allow this
bill to go over. There are some provisions in it
which I should like to examine; but if he does not
consent to have it postponed, I will now move an
amendment to the fifth section.
Several Members. Let the bill go over.
Mr. GWIN. 1 have no objection now.
Mr. M ASON. I move that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until to-morrow,
with a view that we may proceed to the consider-
ation of Executive business.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to know
whether it is to be the understanding that we are
to go on to-morrow with this bill?
Mr. GWIN. Certainly; it will be the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. HUNTER. I had supposed that to-mor-
row we should go on with the veto message.
Mr. GWIN. We can go on with this bill in
the morning. It will not interfere with the veto
message, of course.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and,after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jtfay 29, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved..
The SPEAKER stated that tiie business first
in older was the consideration of a resolution re-
ported on Friday from the Joint Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. REESE. I rise to a privileged question.
A motion was made on the 7th of last month, by
thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] to
reconsider the vote by which the bill from the
Senate (No. 25G) " for the relief of the West Fe-
liciana Railroad and the Georgia Railroad and
Banking Companies" was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. I desire now to call up that
motion to leconsider, for the purpose of having it
acted upon by the House. My object is to have
the bill referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia cannot take the floor from the gentleman from
S Virginia for the purpose of calling up that motion;
not, at least, until the Chair has heard what propo-
sition the gentleman from Virginia has to make.
FUGITIVE SLAVE CASE IN BOSTON.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask theunanimons con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the (acts connected wuh the recent
death of JaiiH's Batehelder, a deputy marshal of the United
States, who, it is alloyed, was murdtwd on Fnday last,
whiHt engaged m en'orcnisr a law of the Union against a
violent and treasonable mob 111 the eitv of Boston; and if
they find, as reported, liiat lie was kilk-d whilst in the per-
formance of thn patriotic duty, and has If.ft a widow and
children, that they further be instructed to report a bill
making some proper und liberal provision for their telicf.
Mr. DEAN. I object to that resolution.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to suspend the
rules, and call for the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia if he has any information that
the Administration cannot execute the law?
Mr. FAULKNER. The resolution is only to
instruct the Committee on the Judiciary to pro-
vide for the widow and children of the deputy
marshal who has been killed.
Mr. JONES. Well, I hope the rules will not
be suspended.
