1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
of petition, and upon no other ground of constitu-
tional right whatever.
Is there, then, any well-grounded objection to
the language or tone of this memorial ? 1 think
nnt. While, on the other hand, it is such a me-
morial as a secular person like myself would not
be apt to dictate or sign, because there is a solem-
nity of tone, a seriousness, and religious con-
sideration which secular men do not indulge or
affect; yet, on the other hand, it is professional,
and natural on the part of the memorialists; it is
in the character of those who make it. It is said,
indeed, that they assume to speak the will, and
judgment, and pleasure of the Creator, and judge
of men and nations. I do not understand them
as assuming to speak any such thing. I under-
stand them as saying simply, in substance, "We,
citizens of the United States, subscribing ourselves
as clergymen in the presence of Almighty God,
and in His name address the Congress of the Uni-
ted States." Sir, what is unusual or wrong in
this? y ou do not commence your proceedings
here on any day of your whole session without
acknowledging and declaring that they are begun
in the presence, and in the name, and with an in-
vocation of the blessing of Almighty God.
Mr. MASON. AVill the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will look at the
memorial, he will find that the signers carefully
exclude their character of citizens. They speak
of themselves as clergymen of the United States
in the name of Almighty God, and in his presence
making this protest before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I may agree with the honor-
able Senator as to the fact that they do not state
their citizenship, or their character as citizens;
but 1 believe there is no dispute of the fact that
they are citizens of the United States.
Mr. MASON. -Non constat.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 say that is so. It is prac-
tically known to us that the clergy of this country
are persons who are invested with the rights of
citizens. I have said, sir, that they come here
declaring that they come in the presence of Al-
mighty God. It is that universal and eternal pres-
ence m which we all are every day and hour of
our lives, and from which we can never for even
a moment escape.
Again, sir, it is objected that they say they
address us in the name of Almighty God. What
is that but a mode of arresting or calling attention
to their solemn prayer and earnest remonstrance?
Sir, while there are occasions on which we never
forget, never suffer ourselves to forget that we are
responsible to Almighty God, it is equally true
that all our action is, or ought to be, in the name
of the Supreme Being. Sir, we may put off, we
may lay aside the thoughts of that awful piesence
during our secular labors and during our life of
confusion and toil and turmoil and care; but when
we come to close our eyes upon this world, we
cannot shut them without the reflection that we i
are ever here in the sight of the Judge of all men. j
Every man of us, when he comes to write his j
opinion, or Ins will, or his instructions for those J
who are to come after him, recites that it is done m j
the nyme of God. Sir, as I have said, 1 should 1
not adopt this mode of addressing the Senate or
Congress, it is riot my habit to do so; but I
know that it is the habit, that it is in the character,
in the way of those who have signed this memorial, i
I see no ground of objection to it. Is it disrespectful j
to the Senate of the United States, or to Congress, '
that men should say they speak to them in the ;
name of God, and in his presence? If it be so, it j
must be because we claim to be here exempt from ;
the superintending government and providence of 1
that Being, in whom and by whom we live and 1
walk, and through whom we exist upon the earth.
But, sir, it is said that at the close of this re- :
monstrance, there is another remark which is
offensive, and that is, that the memorialists think .
the measure against which they protest is immoral
in its nature, and that among its consequences it
will draw down upon us—not upon this Senate,
but upon the nation, upon this people—the judg-
ments of Almighty God. Sir, the question in the .
great measure proposed is either moral or im-
moral. There is no neutrality between morality
and immorality. It may be that we may con-
scientiously differ in ascertaining which "is the
moial side, butnevertheless it is of one character or I
I the other—either moral or immoral. These per-
| sons tell us they think it is of one character, others
; think it is of another character. It is our right to
; act. Let them think what they will, it is°their
, right to tell us that, in their opinion, it is either
one thing or the other, just as they understand
and believe.
Then, again, it is said that the memorialists al-
lege that the act will draw after it the judgments
of Almighty God. Sir, by the judgments of Al-
mighty God, I understand simplythis: that every
I human act of any importance or magnitude is
connected with preceding causes, and with sub-
:j sequent effects; that there is connected with a right
ji act the consequence of usefulness, of beneficence,
ij of happiness, and all the blessings of a just Ruler;
I and that, on the other hand, to those acts which,
i | whether we deem them moral or immoral, whether
!| intentionally wrong or not, are unwise, there are
1; connected consequences of error, danger, peril,
ii unhappiness, wretchedness, ruin. This, in my
j. judgment, is all that that expression means.
,j Mr. BUTLER. 1 wish to bring one thing to
I the view of the honorable Senator, if he will allow
| me. I wish to ask whether it is his opinion, from
! an inspection of the paper, that the clergymen
; who signed it had the memorial before them at the
| time when they signed it? It purports to have
| been signed on the first of March, and the bill
i passed the Senate on the third of March. Will
he tell me whether they did or did not sign their
, names blindly, without seeing the memoiial?
| Air. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
! excuse me from answering his question; for I have
I not gone nearer to the paper to look at it than I
: am now when I stand at my desk.
Mr. BUTLER. I venture to say they never
saw the memoiial. They could not have done it.
Mr. SEWARD. I was simply saying that
these persons, being clergymen, being devoted to
the worship of God and the cure of souls, have a
language of their own, and that in this language
they have expressed and embodied their opinions
:j on a secular question, and that in it there is
; nothing which, by just construction, ought to give
j offense.
j| And now, sir, I come to the close of what I
j: have to say on this whole matter; and that is, that
j I regard this as a question of no idle importance,
jj The right of petition is a constitutional right, and
! a useful and invaluable one, and I shall never be
found criticising the language of petitioners or re-
j' monstrants to see whether I cannot find cause for
'! cavil or for rejection. The petitioners and remon-
j strants may say precisely what they please, and
11 precisely what they think, in whatever tone or
ji language they think proper. They may use, for
jr me, any epithet which they please. They may
j invoke on my head any judgment they please.
| Still, sir, with a conscience void of offense against
! God and man, I can go on here peiforming my '
j duties, leaving them in the enjoyment of their !
i rights, and listening to all that they say, precisely j
| as if it had been rendered into the language of I
; courtesy, orcompliment, or of praise, which would i
[ be acceptable under other circumstances. It is be- j
I cause I wish that this right of petition may take J
no injury from the debate of this morning that I ;
, have'risen to vindicate the memorial, and to do i
: justice to those from whom it has come. |
i Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I think we j
1 have given rather more importance to the memo- j
; rial than its intrinsic merits entitle it to. I have !
i no doubt at all that what is said by my honorable ,
' friend from Massachusptfs [Mr. Everett] is !
t strictly true, that the gentlemen who have signed \
i this paper belong to a class of highly respectable j
: and excellent men. I would say, probably, with I
regard to each of them, what Sir Walter Scott, in !
i one of his novels, makes Cromwell say in regard :
: to the Reverend Mr. Oldenough: " Lack-a-day, >
' lack-a-day, a learned man, but intemperate; over- j
zeal hath eaten him up." !
j These gentlemen do not come here in the char- i
■ acter of petitioners. These gentlemen do not come
here in the character of remonstrants. They do ,
not come here in the character of memorialists; ,
. but they come as protestors, not in their own '
■ name, not with the individual weight and author- :
it-/ which might, be attributed to their protest on i
the ground of their own intelligence or worth, not ;
' merely with the weight and authority which might M
he superadded to this and other considerations
j from the fact of their being ministers of the Gospel, jj
It is impossible to look at this paper without
seeing that the honorable Senator from New York
has specially pleaded upon the subject, and that
the reverend gentlemen who signed it will not
thank him for assigning them in this paper the
low position in which he wishes to place them.
What is it?
"The undersigned clergymen of different religious de-
nominations in New England, hereby, in the name of Al-
mighty God, solemnly protest."
In their official characters as ministers of Al-
mighty God, and in his name, they protest against
the passage of the Nebraska bill.
Now, sir, these are educated gentlemen. They
; are men of experience in their vocation. They
1 understand the true and solemn import of the
j words here used; and I have not the shadow of
; a doubt that they meant to enter a protest, as the
| language imports, as a protest, through them, of
| the Almighty God himself speaking to this Senate.
| It is not an expression preparatory to a solemn
! act to be done by them; for all that is completed
when they declare that they speak in the presence
of God—that is to say, with a solemn recollec-
tion of His presence, realizing His superintend-
ence over what they are doing. What, then, do
they mean, when they add that they speak in His
name, unless it is that they speak by His author-
1! ity? That can admit of no doubt.
,j Well, then, sir, the whole paper proceeds in the
1; same name and by the same authority; and, among
! other things, they protest against the measure as
j a great moral wrong, a breach of faith eminently
:j injurious to the moral principles of the community,
; | subversive of ail confidence in national engage-
jl ments, and as exposing us to the righteous judg-
[j ments of the Almighty. All that is announced
!; by these gentlemen, as ministers of God, affecting
!' to speak in IX is name.
ij _ The interpretation of the paper, sir, 1 think it
is impossible to mistake; but I have said that I
: think too much importance, decidedly too much
jj importance, has been attached to it. Whether
: this is to be understood as a denunciation of the
' judgments of God, or as a prediction of his judg-
| ments, I deny the authority to denounce, and I
' deny thegift of prophecy, and, therefore, I think
i we need not have troubled ourselves further on
; the subject.
| Each of these reverend gentlemen being in the
i habit, m his vocation and in his particular depart-
! ment, of ruling and governing his congregation,
' gets habitually, of course, the habit of speaking
on all occasions with authority. I believe that
' they meant it as speaking by authority. I believe
; they thought they had authority for what they
said, and that there was nothing improper in ex-
■ tending that authoritative style of speaking, in the
' name of the Master whose ministers they are, to
j the Senate, as they are in the habit of doing in
j their ordinary ministrations to the congregations
j who acknowledge them as pastors. But why
[ should that disturb us? Who cares for it? Does
anybody believe they have power to hurl the thun-
der bolts of heaven? Does any man believe that
they are gifted with the spirit of prophecy, and
able to announce to us what, in the future course
of things, will come to pass? Not at all. I dare
say they are very good men, but, like the Rever-
end Mr. Oldenough, over zealous; and there, for
one, I am willing to leave the subject. I move,
then, that the memorial lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Richard R. Carmiehael, in
behalf ot the estate of Alphon^a J. A. Blake, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
oil Foreign Relations.
DEEPENING OP THE PATAPSCO.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to present resolutions
of the City Council of Baltimore, urging an ap-
propriation for deepening the channel of the Pa-
tapsco river and Chesapeake Bay. They give
various reasons which show the absolute neces-
sity for such an appropriation. The object is one
which is demanded by what is due to the present
population and business of the city of Baltimore
—to its important export and coasting trade. Its
necessity is increased by the communications from
that city by railroads to the great West, and also
by the consideration that Baltimore is the dep6t
of an unlimited amount of bituminous coal* which
