1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ism
Mr. GIDDINGS. If it is the intention of the
gentleman to debate the resolution, I hope the rules
will be suspended, and that we may all have a
hand in the discussion.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. FARLEY. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. LETCHER.. Is that motion in order?
The yens and nays have been ordered.
The SPEAKER. That does not alter the case
at all. The House have only determined that
when they take the question they will take it by
yeas and nays.
The question was then taken on Mr. Farley's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
So the House refused to order a call.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bill; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Speaker: An act to organize the Ter-
ritories of Nebraska and Kansas.]
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—yeas 55, nays
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Ashe, Carry,
Bocock, Boyee, Bridges, Caruiheis, Chastain, ChiiPtnan,
Cobb,Cox, Culling, Dunbar, Edmundson, John M. Elliott,
Etliendge, Faulkner, Florence, Giddmgs, Greenwood, Wi-
ley P Hani*, Henn, Hill, Ilillyer, Roland Jones, K«>rr,
Lamb. Letcher, McDougall, McMuliiri, McNair, May,Mor-
decai Oliver, Oir, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Robbms,
Ratlin, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, William R.
Sinuh, Frederick P Stanton, Riehard H. Stanton, Alexan-
der U. f-tt'plien^, John J. Taylor, Vansant, Walbridge,
Warren. Daniel 11. Wright, and Ilendrick B. Wright—55.
NAVS—Messrs. Banks, Campbell, Chandlei, Corwin,
Cuilom, JohnG. Davis,Thomas Davis Dean.Dick, Disney,
Drum, JSddy, Edniamls Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Farley,
Flagler, Fuller, Aaron Harlan, Hendricks, Johnson,George
W. Johp«;, Ki>or, Latham, McCulloch, jYIeacham, Middle-
swarth, Smith Miller, Nichols, Norton, Parker, PeckJiam,
Pennington, Pringte, Reese, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabm,
Sapp, Geirit Smith, G< orgo W. Sinvth. Stratton, Andrew
Ffuar', John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Uphaui, Vail,
Walley, Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—51.
The SPEAKER. No quorum voting.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. LETCHER said: In voting to suspend the
rules, I do not mean to be understood as commit-
ting myself in any way to the civil pension sys-
tem, which the conclusion of the resolution indi-
cates. i vote for it because I desire to ascertain,
in a reliable form, the facts connected with the
outrage.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, said: On the same
principle upon which the gentleman from Virginia
bases his vote I vote aye.
Mr. ABERCROMB1E, who was not in the
Hall when his name was called, said: I do not
know a resolution for which I would sooner vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thinking the whole matter
a humbug, I vote no.
Mr. IiE$N\ I did not hear my name called,
and I do not know whether I was in the bar or
not. I would like to vote in the affirmative.
[Cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Henn] will be
allowed to record his vote.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum present.
Mr. LETCirlER. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
Mr. ELLISON. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn..
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
demand for tellers upon adjournment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I called for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. TheChairdid not recognize
the gentleman from Indiana, nor did he hear him
make the demand for tellers.
Mr. ROB BINS. Is it in order now to call for
tellers upon the yeas and nays5
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made by several gentlemen.
Upon themotion to adjourn tellers were ordered;
and Messrs. Campbell and Curtis were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 37, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It would not be, unless there
is a quorum present. The Chair will proceed to
ascertain whether there is a quorum.
After a count, it appeared that one hundred and
twenty gentlemen were ascertained to be in the
Hall.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my motion that
the House adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, as announced by the Chair this morning, is
the consideration of the resolution reported by the
gentleman from Kentucky, from the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) Then I hope
that matter will be taken up now.
The SPEAKER, (continuing.) But notwith-
standing the fact that that is the regular order of
business, it is also in order to move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion;
and that motion has been submitted by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
Mr. STANTON. I wq^ not aware, Mr.
Speaker, that that motion had been made.
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
pending is the motion submitted by the gentleman
from Virginia to suspend the rules for the admis-
sion of his resolution.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his privileged question.
Mr. OLDS. I move that when the House .ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. ELLISON. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] and to the House,
that a joint resolution is proposed to be introduced
into the Senate for a final adjournment of both
! Houses on the 3d of July; and if we go away I
this week, we will only have three weeks more '
left to transact all the business before us.
Mr. ORR. Oh, they have no notion of adjourn-
ing at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we adjourn over, the
deficiency bill cannot be got at till next week.
Mr. OLDS. Well, then, I withdraw my mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The pending question now
is the motion to suspend the rules. On that mo-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered, and
will again be called.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays (>7, (the Chair
voting in the negative, and thus making a quorum;)
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Aflie, Benton, Bocock, Bojce, Budges,
Brooks, Caruthor*, Ca-ckie, Oha«tam, Cobb, Cox, Cutting,
Dunbar, Edmnndson, John M. Elliott, Etheridge, Faulk-
ner, Florence, (inklings, Greenwood, llenn, Hill>er. Kerr,
Lamb, Letcher, JMeDougall, McMullin,McNan,Maxwell,
May, Mordecai Oliver, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Reese, Robbms, IhilTm, Seymour, Shaw, Single
ton, William R. Smith, Richard II. Sianton, Alexander
H. Stephen®, Vansant, and Walbridge—50. *
NAYS—Messrs Barksdale, Barry,Campbell, Chandler,
Clark, Corwm, Cuilom, Curtis John G. Davis. Thomas
Davis, Dean, Dick, Di?ney, Drum. Dunham, Eddy, Ed-
mands, Thomas D. Eliot. Ellison, Farley, Flagler filler, :
Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Hendricks, Johnson, George W.
Jones, Knox, Latham, Maurice,Me.-teham,Middloswarih,
Smith Millei, Morrison, Nichols Norton, Olds Orr, Par-
ker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Pungle, David Ritchie,
Russell, Sahm, Sapp, Shannon, Gerrit Smith. George W.
Smyth, Hector Li. Stevens Stratton, Andrew Stuart, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout,
TJpham, Vail, Walley, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and
Yates—67.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resoive itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire whether
a motion to suspend the rules for leave to intro-
duce a resolution would not take precedence of
the motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
going into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not according to the decis-
ion of the Chair the other day, which was, that
the Chair should put privileged questions in the
order of the time in which they were, submitted.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire the unanimous
consent of the House, if the gentleman from Ala-
bama will withdraw his motion for a moment, to
take from the table the Senate bill for the relief of
J. W. Perry, for the purpose merely of having it
referred to a committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. McDougall,] who was accommo-
dating to us all last week, desires that the House
do now go into committee. I wish to say so to the
House as a reason why I do not comply with the
request of the gentleman from Florida, [Mr, Max-
well.]
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
THE PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the special order of the House, being
House bill No. 295, entitled " A bill for the estab-
lishment of a railroad and telegraphic communica-
tion between the Atlantic States and the Pacific
ocean, and for other purposes."
Mr. OLDS. I move that the first reading of the
bill be dispensed with.
It was so ordered; and the first section of the
bill received a second reading.
The CHA1RJV! AN. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. McDougall] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRUM. I ask the gentleman from Cali-
fornia to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DRUM. With the consent of the gentle-
man from California, I desire to make some re-
marks to the House on the subject of the proposed
recommendations of the Secretary of the Treasury
to take off the duty upon salt.
[Mr. Drum presented his remarks, consisting
principally of statistics, which will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. McDOUGALL said the bill before the com-
mittee has been postponed from time to time with
his consent; not, however, for the reason that, in
his opinion, it was of less importance to the coun-
try than any other measure which had been pre-
sented to the consideration of the committee. The
present measure was, in his judgment, and he be-
lieved in that of the country, the most important
one that has claimed the consideration of this
body, in peaceful times, since the establishment of
the Federal Constitution. He therefore asked
a calm and just consideration of a question of the
first magnitude, and of the greatest national im-
portance. There was not merely a political, but
a commercial and genera! necessity for this work.
He then proceeded to state the character of the
bill reported by the Select Committee. The com-
mittee met for two months, deliberating with great
care on this measure. The measure matured by
them was now under consideration. ItwasdifFer-
ent in its features from any bill heretofore intro-
duced in Congress in aid of the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific. He repeated, the provisions
of the bill, granting lands for this purpose, are
altogether more guarded, and the interests of Gov-
ernment more securely protected, than in any
other bill yet presented.
He argued to show that, even according to th«
strict construction school, grants of lands, aa
guarded in this bill, are constitutional. It is about
two thousand miles from the Mississippi to the
Pacific coast. At present, the General Govern-
ment pays $4,000,000 per annum for the trans-
portation of its moils, troops, and military and
naval stores to California. The bill now under con-
sideration proposes to perfoim, not semi-monthly,
or six or nine months trips, as now, but weekly
trips, across the continent, at a maximum expense
of $1,200,000—for postal, military, and naval sup
plies. This Government will thus effect a great
saving in money, to say nothing of the facilities
afforded in the calamity of war. With the present
means of communication, the Federal Govern-
ment is unable to maintain or afford protection to
the Pacific coast. If the Government means to
protect that coast, it must build a railroad to the
Pacific.
He showed the commercial advantages which
would result by the speedy conveyance of mer-
chandise from the Pacific to the Atlantic coast.
Seventy millions of dollars are annually lost by
