1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
the present devious way to our possessions on the
Pacific. He entered into a calculation of theben-
efits of a railroad to the Pacific, saying that when
completed, there will be an immediate saving of
over forty-eight millions of dollars per annum,
equal to the entire annual expenditures of the
General Government. In conclusion, he said that
the entire country demand the construction of this
road; social and political necessity demands it.
"Whether or not it shall be built by this Congress,
the time will come when the road must be con-
structed.
Mr. YATES. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yielded to my friend
from Illinois for that purpose.
Mr. YATES. I wish to offer an amendment,
with a view to enable the gentleman from Cali-
fornia to conclude his speech, and for no other
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. Underthecircumstances,
the amendment will be received.
It is as follows:
Strike out "fifteen," in the eighth line, and insert
" sixteen."
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having taken the chair, a message was
received from the Senate by the hands of Asbury
Dicicins, Esq , its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had inaisted on its amendments to the defi-
ciency bill, had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to said amendments, and asked for a
committee of conference upon the di&agreeing
votes of the two Houses.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit a motion that the House
insist on its own amendments, and on its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate; and that
a committee of conference be appointed.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh,\ hope thegentleman from
New York will withdraw that objection. It will
avoid the necessity which I should otherwise be
under, of moving that the committee rise, for the
purpose of enabling me to submit the motion.
Ihe objection was not withdrawn.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. McDOUGALL took the floor.
Mr.PHELPS, 1 ask my fiiend from Califor-
nia to yield me the floor, that i may make a motion
that the committee rise. I desire, when we get
into the House, to submit the motion which I
submitted informally a few minutes since.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I must decline to yield.
I shall be through in a few momenta.
Mr. Mcf). then resumed, and concluded his
remarks in favor of the bill.
Mr. SHAW addressed the committee on the
subject of the distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and replied to the re-
marks heretofore delivered by his colleague, [Mr.
Rogers,] which he said contained many untenable
propositions, in much, however, of what his
colleague said in regard to the common and equal
right of all the States to the public domain, he lully
concurred.
He knew that at a former period a claim was
set up in favor of the new States to all the public
lands within their limits. That claim, however,
met with but little favor, even from the new
States; and he was sure there was no gentleman
here who would controvert the proposition that
the public lands of this country are the common
properly of all the States, and should be diK[io«ed
of for the common benefit of all.
He then contended that Congress, under the
Constitution, possessed no power to dispose of
the public lands, only so far as it could dispose of
money taken from the Treasury, to carry out any
of those legitimate purposes which the Constitu-
tion has authorized Congress to accomplish, and
no more.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York, obtained the lloor,
and said that he proposed to speak against the
Pacific railroad bill, but as it was late, preferred
that the committee should rise.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. Then I sub-
mit the motion that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee [Mr. Bocock] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, had,
according to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 295, being a bill to establish the Pacific rail-
road,&c., and had come to no resolution thereon.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I obtained the floor for the
purpose of moving that the House insist upon its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate to
the deficiency bill; and as the Senate have ap-
pointed a committse of conference upon their
part, also to move that a committee of conference
be appointed on the part of the House.
No objection being made, the motion was
agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS FROM FORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. ASHE. I ask the consent of the House to
present some resolutions, in order that they may
be laid upon the table and printed.
The SPEAKER. Are they resolutions from
the State Legislature of North Carolina?
Mr. ASHE. They are not, but from a con-
vention held m Norm Carolina.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman if they are resolutions passed by a con-
vention authorized by law, or of a political con-
vention ?
Mr. ASHE. They were passed by a conven-
tion representinga majority of the people of North
Carolina. 1 received them from the Governor of
that State, accompanied by a request that I would
present them to the House for consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is not usual, I
think, unless the resolutions come from some State
Legislature, or a convention called by authority of
law in some State. This, it seems, was a volun-
tary meeting, and was not authorized by law.
Mr. ASHE. It was not authorized by law.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 object to the reception
of the resolutions.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, by unanimous consent,
reported the following bill; which was read a first
and socond time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the claimants of the pri-
vate-armed brig General Armstrong.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. WALI5RIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
flrtolrcd, (the flrrmti* concurring,) That the Picsident
of the Srnate, and the Spcakei of the IIoihc ol Repre^enta
tives, adjourn their respective Houses sine die on Monday,
the ;*d <>t July next, at twelve o'clock, ni.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. WALKRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution; but I
will not ask for a vote upon that motion now, as
there is such a thin attendance of members.
• The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
"Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Thursday
next.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Why, you will not have
a quorum here to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would remind
the gentleman from Ohio that the House has al-
ready adopted a resolution that when it adjourns
on Wednesday, it will be till Thursday morning,
at eight o'clock, and that it will then adjourn until
Monday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But it is very evident that
there will be no quorum here to-morrow.
Mr. JONES. I think there will.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I know a dozen members
who are going away to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp*
Bnr.i.'s motion; and it was disagreed to.
The question recuning on Mr. Jones's motion,
it was put; and decided in the affirmative.
And thereupon (at half past three o'clock, p.
m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 30, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbttrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to permit me at this time to introduce
a bill, of which I have not given notice. I will
state the object of the bill, and then I presume
there will be no objection to its introduction. The
Legislature of Virginia, at its recent session, in-
corporated a company for the purpose of construct-
ing a railroad from Alexandria, in that State, to
this city, upon the plan of Colonel French. The
object of this bill is to authorize this company to
extend their road into the cities of Georgetown
and Washington, under such rules, regulations,
and prescriptions as the municipal authorities of
those cities may prescribe.
There being no objection, leave to introduce the
bill was granted, and it was read a first and second
time by us title, 11 A bill authorizing the exten-
sion of the Alexandria and Washington railroad
into the District of Columbia," and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
PENSION FOR SERVICES IN EXECUTING THE
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish now to introduce a res-
olution which I intended to introduce yesterday
morning, and should then have brought forward
but for the press of business urged upon us by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I
offer the resolution now. If there be any objec-
tion of course it will lie over. The resolution is:
That the Committee on Pensions* be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of piovidmg l y law a suitable
pennon for the support of the widow and children, if any,
of the liUc James liatehelder, of Massachusetts, who was
killed while assisting ihe marshal of the United States, for
that State, in executing an act of Congies^."
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made to
the considciation of the resolution, it must lie over
until to-morrow.
ORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I designed this morning
to ask the Senate to indulge me with taking up,
during the morning hour, the bill for the organiza-
tion of the Navy. The honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fish,] however, informs me that
he has some amendments to propose, which will
be ready to-morrow. I therefore now give notice
to the Senate that I shall ask, during the morning
hour to-morrow, to take up that bill.
PETITIONSj ETC.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of inhabitants
of West Unity, Ohio, praying a reduction of the
rates of ocean postage to two cents; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Oifice and.
Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray-
ing the recognition of the independence of the Re-
public of Liberia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a letter of F.
! W. Lander, late locating and estimating engineer
i under Governor Stevens in his exploration of a
; route for a railroad to the Pacific, accompanied by
' resolutions of the Legislature of Washington Ter-
j ritory, in favor of an appropriation to compensate
! him for service rendered by him distinct from
: that required of him by Governor Stevens; which
i was referred to the Select Committee on the sub-
I ject of a railroad to the Pacific.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Jane
' Moore, widow of Captain Stephen H. Moore,
, praying to be allowed a pension; which, together
! with certain papers on the files of the Senate in
I regard to the subject, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the claim of
William Pumphrey, lejjal lepie-eiiiativi^ of Jacques Mou-
Inn, be withdrawn from the filec of (he Spnate, and referred
to the Committee on Piivate Land Claims.
