THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
hundred and sixty-first, and one hundred and sixty-fifth
amendments of the Senate, and agree thereto.
, Tiiat the House of Representatives do recede from its
.disagreement to the njnety-seveiuh amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree thereto, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike oat att of the Senate amendment, and in lieu thereof,
insert "for extinguishment of private claims for the posses-
sion of the whole or any part of the custom-house lot at
San Francisco, California, $10,000."
That the Hfrtise of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to ihe one hundred and forty four and a half
amendment- of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an
, amendment, as follows: Strike out all after the word '1 pro-
vided," in hrie eight, to and including the word u direc-
tion,5>in line eighteen, on page fifty-eight of the original
bill, and in lieu thereof insert, " that any officer of the
Army or Navy who has been, or may be appointed here-
after, tt  disburse the money which is now, or may hereafter
be appropriated for the erection, alteration of any of the
edi6ces, structures, or works'for which appropriations are
made in this act, shall be subject to all the pams, penalties,
and liabilities contained iq the provisions of the act entitled,
" An act to provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, a d for the collection, safe-keeping, and disbursement
of the public revenue," approved 6 h of August, 1846.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its.
disagreement to the one hundred and forty-sixth amendment
- of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amendment as
follows: In line two of said amendment, stnke out the
words u seventy-five," and in lieu thereof insert(< fifteen."
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the one hundred and sixty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amendment,
as follows: Strike out all afterthe word u enacted," in line
one of said amendment, to the end thereof, and in lieu
thereof insert, " That the Librarian of Congress shall re-
ceive $1,800, ihe Assistant Librarians, $1,5<J0 each, and
the messenger $1,200 per annum, and the money is hereby
appropriated to pay the same."
That ihe House of Representatives do recede from its dis-
agreement to the one hundred and seventy-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amendment,
as follows: Add at theendthereofthe words: (( Provided,
That the said sum shall be in full of all compensation to be
received by said chaplains."
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
amendment to the one hundred and eighty-eighth amend-
ment of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the thirty-third amendment of the Senate ;
and the Senate concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the thirty fourth amendment of the
Senate."
The forty-fourth amendment of the Senate was
to increase the appropriation for compensation of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, and the
clerks and messenger in his office from $6,595 to
$9,595, and to add to the clause this proviso:
Provided, That the joint resolution approved the 20th
July, 1854, shall be so construed as to embrace the Super-
intendent of Public Printing,and the clerks and messenger
in his office.
'the House had agreed to this amendment with
an amendment to strike out the proviso, ill which
amendment of the House the committee recom-
mended concurrence.
The fifty-seventh amendment of the Senate was
to increase the appropriation for rent of, and warm-
ing rooms in, the building on northwest corner of
F and Seventeenth street, from $21,§75 to $33,375,
and to add:
And the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to lease
uaid building, or home other, for a term not exceeding live
years, at the rent herein authorized, ifin his judgment the
same shall be for the public interest.
The House amended this amendment by retain-
ing the original appropriation and inserting, in
jieu of the addition, proposed by the Senate:
Provided, That the Secretary of War be authorized to
purchase the said building at a sum not exceeding jf-300,000.
In this amendment of the House the committee
recommend concurrence.
The seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate was
to add to the appropriations for the Mint at New
Orleans the following:
For rebuilding portions of the walls and complete repairs
of the building of the branch Mint at New Orleans, $55,000.
The House amended the amendment by redu-
cing theamount from $55,000 to $37,000, in which
the committee recommended concurrence.
The eighty-third Senate amendment was to in-
sert:
For the compensation and expenses of commission to
frame a code of laws for the Territory of Washington,
$3,500.
This the House amended by adding:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to set-
tle and pay the commission to frame a code of jaws for the
Territory of Washington at the same rate per diem a* has
been allowed a similar board in Oregon.
To this amendment of the House, the commit-
tee propose to concur.
The one hundred and fifth Senate amendment j
was to insert: j
For buildings for the use of the courts of the United States'
at Pontotoc, Mississippi, $4,000. ]
This the House amended by adding:
Provided, Said sum shall complete said buildings. And
also the sum of $5,000, or so much thereofas may be neces-
sary, be. and the same is hereby, appropriated to enable the
Secretary of the interior to make a contract with the proper
authorities for fumMmiga suitable building for the perma-
nent use and accommodation of the United States district
court in holding its session at Marietta, Georgia, which
contract the said Secretary is hereby authorized to make :
Provided, It can be made tor the sum aforesaid or less:
And provided, Said contract shall be made with sufficient
guarantees to secure to the said court a suitable building for
holding said court so long as its sessions may be held at
that place, without further charge on the United States.
In this amendment concurrence is proposed.
The one hundred and twenty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate was to insert:
To enable the Secretary of State to defray the expense
of releasing from captivity among the Indians of Queen
Charlotte's Island the crew and passengers of the American
sloop Georgiana, $2,500, or as much thereof as may be ne-
cessary.
The amendment of the House to this amend-
ment was to strike out $2,500, and insert $15,000;*
in which the committee recommend concurrence.
The one hundred and sixty-eighth Senate amend-
ment was to insert:
Sec. —. Jlrul be it further enacted, That the accounts
of the public printers, and the certificates of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing thereon, so tar as the same relate
to the printing lor the Executive Departments, shall be sub •
j'eel to the examination and control of the accounting offi-
cers and Secretary of the Treasury, in like manner as other
public accounts; and tho*e which relate to the printing for
the Senate and Jlon«e of Representatives shah be subject to
the examination and control of the respective Houses in
like manner as other expenditures for said Houses.
The House amended it so as to make it read:
Sec. —. And it further enacted, Thattlie accounts of
the public printers, and the certificatesofthe-Superintend
ent of Public Printing thereon, shall be subject to the exam-
ination and control of the accountmgoffieers and Secretary
of ihe Treasury, in like manner as other public accounts.
In this amendment of the House concurrence is
recommended.
The one hundred and seventy-fifth amendment
of the Senate was to add:
Sr:o. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1854, in lieu of the clerks heretofore
authorized by law for the ofiice of the assistant treasurer at
New York, he be authorized to appoint, with the approba-
tion of the President of the United States, one"chief clerk,
at a salary of $2,100, one clerk at $3,000, two clerks at
$1,800 each, two clerks at $1,500 each, one clerk at $1,200,
one messenger at $900, and two watchmen at $550 each,
per annum. 1 n case of the sickness or unavoidable absence
from his office of the assistant treusurer, he may authorize
the said chief clerk to act m his place, and to discharge all
the duties required by law of ihe assistant treasurer; {arid
in ease of the death, resignation, or inability to act ot the
assistant treasurer, the said chief clerk shall act as such
assistant treasurer until the inability be removed, or until a
successor be appointed and duly qualified ; and all thcacts
of the said chief clerk in such cases shall be as valid as if
performed by the assistant treasurer in person.]
The amendment of the House to this amend-
ment was to strike out the words between [brack-
ets,] commencing with " and in case of the death"
to the end of the section; in which concurrence is
proposed.
The one hundred and twenty-second Senate
amendment was to strike out "for salary of con-
sul at Beirout, $500," and insert in Jieu thereof
the following:
That the consul at Beirout, Syria, is hereby created a
consul general, with a salary of $2,000 perannum, from the
1st of July, 1853; said consulate shall comprehend both
Syria and Palestine, and $4,000 is hereby appropriated for
the salary of said consul.
The House amended it so as to make it read:
That the consul at Beirout, Syria, is hereby created a
consul with a salary of $2,000 per annum ; said consulate
shall comprehend both Syria and Palestine, and $*2,000 is
heieby appropriated for the salary of said consul.
As the committee of conference propose to
amend it, it will read:
That the consul at Beirout, Syria, is hereby allowed a
salary of $-3^000 per annum, and the said consulate shall
comprehend both Syria and Palestine, and $2,000 is hereby
appropriated for the salary of said consul.
The one hundred and forty-third Senate amend-
ment was to insert:
For repair and lenewal of the gas pipes through the
Capitol, and fixtures necessary for the lighting of such com-
mittee rooms therein a* need it, and lighting East Capitol
Mreet from the Capitol to Third street, $7,000',
For painting and repairs inside of tin? Capitol, new fiir-
naces underthe Senate Chamber and Supieme Court room,
&c., $5,000. '
The House so amended it as to make it read:
For painting and repairs inside of the Capitol, new fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber and Supreme Couit room,
$V>00.
For furnishing andputting up new furnaces, repairing old
furnaces, rebuilding and ventilating air chambers of the
House of Representatives, $4,500.
As proposed to be amended by the committee
of conference, it reads:
For painting and repairs inside of the Capitol, new fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber and Supreme Court room,
$5,WW.
For furnishing and putting up new furnaces and repair-
ing old furnaces, rebuilding and ventilating air chambers
for the Jj£ouse of Representatives, $4,500.
For repair and renewal of the gas pipes through the Cap-
itol, $3,500,
The one hundred and sixty-second amendment
of the Senate svas: .
Sec. —. And be it further enefcted, Thatthe third section
of the act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 18o4, providing for the classification of the clerks in
the Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, and Post Office De-
partments, as amended by the act of April 22, 1854, shall
be, and the same is hereby, further amended as follows, to
wit: Jn the office of the First Comptroller there shall be
two additional clerks, of class three; and in the office of
the First Auditor there shall be one clerk taken from class
three and placed in class four, and four additional clerks
allowed, of class three; and in the office of the Second
Auditor there shall be one additional clerk, of class one ;
and in the Third Auditor's office five clerks shall be taken
from class three and placcd in class four, and twenty-seven
temporary clerks shall be placed in class one, and one tem-
porary clerk in class four, and four temporary clerks iti
class two; and in the office of the Fourth Auditor there
shall be one additional clerk, of class three; and in the
Sixth Auditor's office one clerk shall be taken from class
three and placed in class four, and there shall be added to
the clerks in this office ten of class one; and in the Reg-
ister's office two clerks shall be taken from class three and
placed in class four, and two additional clerks added of
class one ; and in the Treasurer's office one clerk shall be
taken from class two and one clerk from class three and
placed in class four, and two additional clerks allowed to
class one; and in the General Land Office the principal
draughtsman s hall be classed and paid as a clerk ol the
third clas-*, and the assistant draughtsman as a clerk of the
second class; and in the office of the Secretary of War
there shall be added one clerk of class four; in the office
of the Adjutant General there shall be one additional clerk
of class one; and in the office of the Topographical Engi-
neer one scientific draughtsman as a clerk of cla^sfour;
and for the superintendence of the building on the corner
of F and Seventeenth streets, the Secretary of War is au-
thorized to appoint some one clerk of his Department
other than the disbursing clerk for that purpose, who shall
be allowed, m addition to his salary as clerk, $300 per an-
num ; and in the office of the Postmaster General there
shall be seven additional clerks, viz : four ofclass two, two
of class three, and one of class four; and in the office of
the Attorney General, in heu of the clerks now authorized
by law, there shall be onechicf clerk, at a salary of $2,200,
one clerk of class one, two of class two, one ofclass three,
and one of class four. And the President of the United
States is hereby authorized, whenever it may, in his judg-
ment, be necessary, to cause counsel to be employed t >
assist in the prosecution or defense of causes which mav be
pending in the Supreme Court in which the United States
are interested, and to allow to such counsel such compen-
sation as he may deem reasonable. And in the Department
of State, instead of the clerks now authorized by law, there _
shall be four clerks of class one. three of class two, seven *
of class three, and four of class four, one clcrk of class four
to be designated to superintend the northeast Executive
Building, and to disburse all moneys belonging to the ser-
vice of said Department, not otherwise provided for, who
shall give bonds as required by the independent treasury
act, and receive an additional compensation therefor of
$200 per annum. There shall be one chief of the diplomatic,
and one chief of the consular branch of the public service ;
and one examiner of demands for indemnity preferred by
citizens of the United States against Governments and of
the latter against the former, who shall also perform such
other duties as the Secretary of State may designate, each
of whom shall receive an annual salary of $2,000 ; and the
chief clerk of said Department shall be allowed compen-
sation of $2,200 per annum. No clerk not now emploved
in the State Department shall hereafter be appointed until
he has been examined by a board to consist of three exam-
iners, to be selected by the Secretary of State, and found
qualified in certain particulars, to be prescribed-by the said
Secretary in fixing beforehand a general standard of quali-
fications for the clerks to be employed in tns"Department.
The House amended it so as to make it read:
And be it further enacted. That there be appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
a sum sufficient to pay to the clerks and employees of the
Government, for the year ending 9th June, 1855, such
additional compensation as they mav be entitled to receive
under the act of 22d April, 1854. entitled " An act to amend
the third section of the act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1854, and for other purposes," and
who^e additional compensation is not otherwise provided
for: Provided, That all laborers in the employment of the
Executive departments of the Government in the city of
Washington shall receive an annual salary of $480 each:
Provided further, That the Postmaster Geneial be allowed,
in addition to hi^ present number, three clerks of class two,
and two ofclass three; thatthe Attorney General be allowed,
in addition to his present number, one clerk of class one,
two of class two, mid one of cla&s three ; that the Secre-
taiy of the Tieasury he allowed in the Sixth Auditor's office,
in addition to the present number, seven clei ks ofclass one,
one shall be taken from class three and put in cla-s four;
and in the Treasurer's office one clerk shall be taken from
class two and one from class three and put in class four;;
and that the ruaney necessary to pay the compensation,
