THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33o Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1854.
New Series.....No. 138.
and increased compensation under tins section be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated.
The amendments of the committee of confer-
ence make it read:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That there be appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a sum sufficient to pay the dorks and em-
ployees of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1855, such additional compensation a^ they may be
entitled to receive under the act of j2ad April, 1854, entitled
"An act to amend the third section of the act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th of June, 1^54, and for other
purpose^," and where additional compensation is not other-
wise provided for : Provided, That all laborer* in the em-
ployment of the Executive Departments ot the Government
in the city of Washington shall receive an annual sahiry
of $481) each: Provided, Jurther, That the Postma&ter
General be allowed, m addition to his present number,
three clerks of class two, and two of class three ; that the
Attorney General be allowed, in addition to his present
number, one clerk of class one, two of class two, and one
of class three; that the Secretary of the Treasury be al-
lowedmthe First Auditor's office, m addition to the present
number, two clerks of class one; in the Sixth Auditor's
office, in addition to the present number, s>even clerks of
class one, and one shall be taken from cla&s tlnee and put
in class four; and ut the Treasurer's office one clerk shall
be taken from class two and one from class three, and put
in class four; and that the Secretary of State be allowed,
in addition to his present number oi clerks, two at an an-
nual salary of$>l,l2UU each, one at an annual salary of
$1,400, and one at an annual salary of $1,600; and the
money necessary to pay the compensation and increased
compensation under this section be, and the same is heie-
fcy, appropriated.
The twenty-third amendment of the Senate,
from which it is proposed to recede, was to in-
crease the appropriation for the watchmen of the
north east Executive Building from $2,250 to
$2,400; but the receding is on condition that the
appropriation for salary of the Register of the
Treasury, and the clerks and messengers in his
office, be increased from $3G,950 to $41/750.
^ It is proposed that the House recede from their
disagreement to the following Senate amendments,
and that they be adopted:
For the preservation of the collections of the Exploring
Expedition:
For compensation of keepers, watchmen, and laborers,
$2,980; '
For contingent expenses, $100.
One hundred and second: increase the appro-
priation for annual repairs and fixtures of custom-
houses, from $30,501 59 to $43,001 59.
One hundred and fifteenth: Increase the appro-
priation for salaries of keepers and assistant keep-
ers of light-houses on the Pacific coast, from
$16,200 t  $21,600, and to allow them each $800
instead of $600 per annum.
One hundred and fifty-fifth. Insert:
For grading done by order of Ignatius Mudd, late Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, in reservation 17, between
Third street east and New Jersey avenue, $484 89.
One hundred and sixty-first. Insert:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause to be constructed the 1'oilowmg buildings:
At New Orleans, Louisiana, a marine hospital, to co>t
not more than $248,000; and when said hospital shall have
been completed, the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause
the old hospital at New Orleans to be sold, and the pro-
ceeds thereof to be placed in the Treasury of the United
States.
At Detroit, Michigan, a marine hospilal, to cost notmore
than $75,000.
At Pensacola, Florida, a marine hospital, to cost not
more than $20,000.
At Bushngton, in the State of Iowa, a marine hospital,
to cost not more than $15,000.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, Thatthe several sums
mentioned in the preceding section as the cost oi the build-
ings therein authorized to be constructed, together with ten
per cent, thereon, to cover the compensation of architects,
superintendence, advertising, and other contingent ex-
penses, and so much as may be required to purchase suit-
able sites for said buildings, be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated for the purposes aforesaid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided,That
no money hereby appropriated shall be used or applied for
the purposes mentioned, until a valid title to the land for
the site of such buildings, in each case, shall be vested iu
the United States, and until each State shall also duly re-
lease and relinquish to the United States, the right to tax
orm any way assess said site, or the property of the United
Mates that may be thereon, dunmjthc time thatthe United
Mates shall be or remain the owner thereof.
One hundred aud sixty-fifth. Insert:
Sec. —. jind be it further enacted, That the collections
188
of the Exploring Expedition, now in the Patent Office, be
placed undei the caie and management of the Commis
sioner of Patents, who is hereby authorized to employ one
principal keeper of said collections, at an annual salary of
§•900, one assistant keeper at an annual salary of $750, one
night watchman at an annual salary of #600, and two la-
borers at aa annual salary each of $365.
The ninety-seventh amendment of the Senate
was to insert:
For the completion of the custom-house at San Francisco,
California, including all expenses of filling m, piling,
sevvt is, drains, pavements, nu-losun', gateways, the ex-
tinguishment of private claims for the possession of the
whole or any part thereof, and contingencies incident
thereto, $163,36(5 08.
The committee of conference propose that the
House recede from its disagreement to this amend-
ment, and agree to it, provided it be so modified
as to read:
For extinguishment of private claims to the possession
of the whole or any part of the customhouse lot in San
Francisco, $10,000.
The one hundred and forty-fourth and one half
amendment of the Senate, was to strike out the
following proviso, which occurred immediately
after the appropriation for the Capitol extension:
Provided, That each and all persons who have been, or
may be appointed hereafter, to disburse the money winch
is now, or mav hereafter be, appiopriated for the building
oi repair ef any of the edificcs or structures for which ap-
propriations are made in this act,and are notnovv required
by law to give bond aud security, shall give bond, with good
securities,"m sufficient penalty, to be approved of by th«
head of the Department under which s.uch•disbursement
may be made, or the Piesident of the United States, when
the work shall be specifically under his direction.
The committee propose that the House recede
from its disagreement to this amendment, and
agree to it, if it be amended so as to read:
Provided, That any officer of the Arrnv or Navy who has
been, or may be, appointed hereafter to d^burse the money
which is now, or may hereafter be, appropriated for the
erection, alteration, or repair of any of the edifices, struc-
tures, or works for which appropnations are made m this
act, shall be subject to all the pains, penalties,and liabilities
contained in the provisions of the act entitled "An act to
provide lor the belter organization of the Treasury, and for
the collection, safe-keeping, tiansfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue," approved 6th of August, 1846.
The one hundred and forty-sixth Senate amend-
ment was to insert:
For completing the bridge over the Potomac river, near
the Little Falls, $75,000.
The committee propose thatthe House recede
from its disagreement to this amendment, and
agree to it with an amendment reducing the amount
from $75,000 to $15,000.
The one hundred and sixty-fourth amendment
of the Senate was to insert:
Sue. —. Jind be it fuither enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1853, the pay of the librarian of Con-
gress shall be #2,000; the pay ot the two principal assist-
ants, each $1,800 ; and that of the third assistant, $1,^00 ;
and that of the messenger, $1,200.
It is proposed that the House agree to this
amendment, by modifying it so as to read:
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That the librarian
of Congress shall receive 81,800, the assistant Itbrauans
$1,500 each, and the messenger $*1,200 per annum, aud the
money is hereby appropriated to pay the same.
The one hundred and seventy-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate was to insert:
Sec. — Jhid be it farther enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1853, the annual salary of the chaplains
to Congress shall be $7o0, and >uch siun additional to that
elsewheie provided as mav be. required to pay the same to
the 3oth of June, 1855, is hetebv appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The House disagreed to this amendment, from
which disagreement it is proposed they recede, on
condition that the amendment be amended by
adding to it:
Provided, That the said <um shall be in full of all com-
pensation to be received by wid chaplains.
The one hundred and eighty-eighth amendment
of the Senate was to insert:
Sec. JinA be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall become necessary for the head of any department or
office to employ special agents, miiei than others of the
Army or Navy, who mav be chargi-d with the disbursement
ot the public moneys, they shall, puor to entering upon
duty a* such, give bond m Mien lorm and with such se-
em itv as th« head of the Oep-u tment or office employing
said "agent may approve.
The Hduse amended it by striking out the
words "other than officers of the Army orNavy,"
from which it is proposed they shall recede.
The thirty-third Senate amendment (from then-
disagreement to which, it is proposed that the
House shall recede) was to increase the appro-
priation for compensation of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and clerks and messengers in his
office, from $27,800 to $29,900.
The amendment of the House to the thirty-
fourth Senate amendment (from their disagree-
ment to which it is proposed the Senate shall re-
cede) was to reduce the appropriation for com-
pensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
the clerks an<^ messengers in his office, from
$108,200 to $97,800.
The amendments from which it is proposed
the Senate shall recede without qualification, are
as follows:
The eleventh, which was to strike out: *
For compensation of librarian, two assistant librarians,
and messenger, $4,500.
And in lieu thereof insert:
For compensation of librarian, three assistant librarians,
and messenger, $8,1)00j
For compensation of librarian, assistant librarians, and
messenger, lor the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,
$2,700.
The thirteenth, which was to insertin the clause
for payment of salaries in the State Department,
" chiefs' of foreign desks, examiner."
The fourteenth, which was to increase the ap-
propriation for the Secretary and Assistant Secre-
tary of State, and clerks and messengers in that
Department, from $38,700 to. $48,*250.
The fifteenth, which was to insert:
For additional compensation for disbursing clerk and su-
perintendent of the normuast Executive Building, $200.
The seventeenth, which was to strike out of the
appropriation for extra clerk hire in the State De-
partment, the following words:
Said clerks to be employed only during the session of
Oongre-s, or when indispensably necessary tn enable the
Department to answei some call made by either House of
Congt ess at one session to be answered at another.
The eighteenth, which was to insert:
For services of William Hunter, commissioned as acting
Secretary oi State during the ab-: >nee of Secretary Web-
ster, for services as such acting Secretary in 1851,1852, and
1853, .$1,500;
For paying t<> Anbury Dickins the difference between the
compensation fit head of a department and chief clerk of
a department for the tune he acted as Secretary of State, or
Secretary of the Treasmj, by appointment from President
Jackson, to be ascertained by the proper accounting offi-
cers, a sum not exceeding $2,500.
The twenty-first, which was to insert:
That the act approved 22d April, 1854, entitled " An act
to amend the third section of the act making appropriations
fin the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the vear ending the 30th of June, 1854. and for other pur-
poses," shall be so construed as in regard to increased com-
pensation for the ti-cal year ending the 30th June la&t, to
include withm its provisions the clerks of the Department
of State, and the clerks in the office of the Coast Survey;
and that the chief clerk in the Stale Department shall re-
ceive the same compensation as the chief clerks in the
other Departments of the Government for the last fiscal
yi ar, aud that the money necessaiy to carry these provis-
ions into effect, is hereby appropriated out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The twenty-second, which was to strike out:
Fur compensation of the superintendent and four watch-
men of the nouheast Executive Building, $2,250.
The twenty-fourth, which was to strike out all
the appropriations in the original bill for the com-
pensation of the various officers of the Treasury-
Department, and its several bureaus, and in lieu
thereof insert:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury and
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks, messenger,
and assistant niPss>erigcr, in his office, $40,650;
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and the clerks
and me^sei/^er in his officc, $30,050;
For compensation of the Second Comptroller, and the
clerks and messenger m his office, $-20,150 ;
For compensation of the Fir*t Auditoi, and the clerks
and mest-enger? in his office, ^37,^00 ;
For compen.-ation of the Second Auditor, and the clerks
and mes^enu* rs in his office, *$313,100 ;
For compensation of the Thud Auditor, and the clerks
and niPstenaers in his oiiice, $1*21,650 ;
For compensation of th ' Four th Auditor, and the clerks
and ine^criger m hi - office, $-29,300 ;
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the elerks
and messenger in his office, $15,550;
