1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Rebecca J. Birdsall be
withdrawn from the files o^tlle Senate, and referred to tile
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
granting to the States of Louisiana, Mississippi,
and Alabama, the right of way and a donation of
public lands, m aid of the construction of a rail-
road from New Orleans to Mobile; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
GOVERNOR RAMSAY.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed to ask the
Senate to take up for consideration the resolution
submitted by me in relation to printing certain
additional documents in the case of Governor
Ramsay. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] who objected to its consideration at that
time, is now satisfied of the propriety of printing
the documents.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution;
and it was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmt in addition to the documents in the case,
of Alexander Ramsay, iate Governor of the Territory of
Minnesota, ordered to be printed 011 the 8th instant, all the
papers on lile, as well as I tie correspondence between the
commissioners and the First Comptroller, be printed with
Executive Document No. 61.of the present session.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Michael
Hanson, praying to be allowed a pension, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, to provide for the
extinguishment of the title of the Chippewa Indians
to the lands owned and claimed by them in the
Territory of Minnesota and State of Wisconsin,
and for their domestication and civilization, re-
ported it hack without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
Vas referred the memorials of Overton Love
and John Guest, of the Chickasaw nation, pray-
ing remuneration for property taken by white
persons within the jurisdiction of that Territory,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
' He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred a petition of the Lutheran Synod of
Missouri, Ohio, and other States, praying that a
grant of land may be made to the head of every
family of Chippewa Indians residing in Michigan,
and an appropriation for the support Qf schools
among said Indians, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, on the ground that the
prayer of the petition will be attained in the con-
templated treaty with the Chippewa Indians;
which was agreed to.
CHARLES D. ARFWEDSON.
On the motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill in
favor of Charles D. Arfwedson was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Charles D. Arfwedson, late consul
of the United States at Stockholm, $1,681 25, in
full for the balance of compensation due him as
acting charge d'affaires of the United States near
the court of Sweden, from the 24th of July, 1849,
to the 22d of April, 1850.
Upon the recall of Mr. Ellsworth, late charge
d'affaires of the United States to Sweden, he was
directed by the Department of State to place the
legation in the hands of the United States consul
ot Stockholm. In compliance with that direction
Mr. Ellsworth transferred the legation to Mr.
Arfwedson, on the 24th of July, 1849. From
that time until April 22, 1850, when Mr. Schroe-
tier entered upon the functions of the office, Mr.
Arfwedson, in conformity with repeated instruc-
tions from the Department, corresponded with the
Swedish Government and his own, upon diplo-
matic subjects of a delicate nature, and in a man-
ner entirely satisfactory to his Government, and
his sei vices during that period were of great value
to the interests of his own Government.
He acted as charge d 'affaires for a period of
eight months and twenty-nine days; for which
his compensation, at the usual rate of $4,500 per
annum, wguld amount to the sum of $3,362 50.
In the general civil and diplomatic appropriation
act of August 31, 1852, provision was made for
the payment of half that sum, leaving $1,681 25
still due, for which he now appeals to Congress.
When this application was before the commit-
tee during the last Congress, it was believed that
the consul fees, together with the amount then
allowed, would be equivalent to the full compen-
sation of a charge, and hence the whole was not
then allowed. But it now appears, from a cer-
tificate of the memorialist, that the whole amount
of consular fees received by him from the 1st of
April, 1849, to the 1st of April, 1850, was but
589 75—a sum believed to be barely adequate to
cover the expenses of the consular office.itself.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third-
reading, read a third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HAMLIN. I learn that what I said yes-
terday in the Senate, in relation to the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, was misapprehended,
I think by several Senators, and I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to say a word as to how, pre-
cisely, I meant to be understood. It had been
stated in the Senate, by several Senators, that the
Patent Office report had been referred to the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, and that, under
the law, he had already decided to which printer
it belonged. I so stated; I think the Senator from
California so stated; and I think others so stated.
When I made the remark that if any action of
the Senate should be had it was the understanding
of the Superintendent of Public Printing, that it
would be his duty to act in accordance with the
law, I meant to say only that such had been his
decision. I did not mean to be understood as
having any conference—as I had not—with him,
in relation to the particular subject which was then
before the Senate. But whilst I was a member of
the Committee on Printing, I knew that he had
carefully examined the subject, and after mature
deliberation had come to the conclusion that such
was the law. What I meant to say was simply
that, acting under the law, in his judgment, and
under his oath of office, such must necessarily be
the direction which he would give it.
Mr. GWIN. I did not yesterday state that he
so decided.
Mr. HAMLIN. I stated so.
Mr. GWIN. I asserted the fact that the Patent
Office report had gone from his hands. I did not
know what his decision was. I took it for granted
it had gone there according to law. I know noth-
ing of his action at all, except what I heard from
Senators.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had insisted on their amend-
ments, disagreed to by the Senate, to the Senate
amendments to the bill of the House to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30,1854; had adhered
to their disagreement to certain amendments of the
Senate; had agreed to a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Mr. Phelps, Mr. Chandler, and Mr.
Letcher, managers on their part.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, (the House concurring,) That the President of
the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, adjourn their respective Houses sine die on Monday,
the 3d of July next, at twelve o'clock, in.
Mr. GWIN. I will state very briefly my rea-
son for offering this resolution. It is my opinion
that we can dispose of all the business that is now
before the Senate and the other House, which is
required to be acted upon during this session, by
the time mentioned in the resolution. So far as the
Senate is concerned, I believe there are but two
questions which will lead to any lengthened debate.
Those are the Pacific railroad bill and the home-
stead bill. Those two questions will take several
days in the discussion of each. Following them
will he the appropriation bills. It seems tome
that rf we fix a day of adjournment now, the two
Houses will go to work in earnest, and we shall
dispatch the business by the time fixed. As a
member of this body, I am anxious to bring the
session to a close at as early a day as possible.
No two Senators, I suppose, have more Business
before Congress than my colleague and myself; but
I am clearly of opinion that the interests of the
country can be properly taken care of by fixing
the day of adjournment proposed in my resolu-
tion, if the two Houses will apply themselves
assiduously to their duties. I hope, therefore, the
resolution will meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire of the Senator
from California, if he has any information which
satisfies him that there will be no bill making
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors during this session of Congress?
Mr. GWIN. When I spoke of the appropria-
tion bills, I presumed that that bill would be oneof
them, though I have no knowledge of the fact. I
said that the important measures to be disposed
of were the Pacific railroad bill, the homestead
bill, and the appropriation bills. _ I do not know
whether the river and harbor bill will be one of
the appropriation bills or not. I do not know
whether ithas been reported or not. I meant, how-
ever, to include all appropriation bills.
Mr. DAWSON. I was going to propose, by
way of amendment, in connection with this mat-
ter, that we adjourn on the first Monday in July
until the second Monday in October. That would
be the better plan. By doing so, we should avoid
the pressure of the heat here during the months
of July and August, and would come back in the
pleasant months of October and November, and
transact the public business. I think we should
do it more satisfactorily in that time than we can
by hurrying matters now. I therefore propose
that we amend the resolution by adding the words
" from the first Monday in July until the second
Monday ih October."
Mr. EVANS. Say the third Monday in Oc-
tober. Our elections m South Carolina come off
on the second Monday.
Mr. DAWSON. I will say the third Monday
in October, if it be more acceptable. It would be
more convenient for us all; for we discover that
it is almost impossible on a hot day to keep this
body together, and no great measure can be dis-
cussed thoroughly and a vote upon it fairly had.
Many of our members areold and distinguished -
statesmen of the United States, and it is wrong to
oppress them during these hot months. [Laugh-
ter.] The younger men of us can stand it pretty
well; but I think it is due to the interests of the
country, and due to our own health,that we should
pursue the course I have suggested. I have con-
versed with a great many Senators upon the sub-
ject. All seem exceedingly to desire it. They
think it will best subserve the interests of the
country; and they have come to the conclusion,
that the plan that I have suggested in their behalf,
and my own, would be the better one. I therefore
hope the Senator from California will accept my
proposition, and that we may agree unanimously
to the resolution as amended. It would suit the
convenience of nine tenths of both branches of
Congress.
Mi. GWIN. My object is to bring-about an
adjournment on the first Monday in July. The
distance which the members from California are
from home is well known; and it is important that
we should be at home at as early a period as pos-
sible. 1 am very willing, if it is agreeable to the
Senate, to accept the amendment of the Senator
from Georgia, to adjourn from the first Monday
m July to the third Monday in October. That
would give us some time to be at home.
Mr. CLAYTON. Like the young Senator
from Georgia, I ioin with the other young mem-
bers of the Senate, in generously tendering this
amendment for'the benefit of the older ones.
[Laughter.] I think we shall gain by adjourning
through the hot weather, until it shall become so
pleasant that we can come here and sit for a
proper length of time, in the transaction of the
public business. This is not a new idea, sir.
Congress has made- various attempts similar to
what is now proposed.
Many years ago, it was so apparent to gentle-
men here, that during the long sessions, in the
heat of the year, members of Congress were not
able to perfoim their duty as they wished to do,
and that the short session was too short, that an
