THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
the gentleman that such motion cannot be made
except on Mondays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolution
be laid-upon the table, and printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF CADETS.
The SPEAKER. The proposition before the
body is the motion to commit a joint resolution,
explanatory of the law to regulate the number of,
^adets to be appointed to the Military Academy at
West Point.
Mr. HAVEN. As the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston,] who made the motion to,
refer, is not in his place, and as the House had a
pretty general understanding of the object of that
motion, I hope the House will vote it down, and
pass the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. Cannot the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw that motion ?
: Mr. HAVEN. He is not present.
Mr. BISSELL. The Committee on Military
Affairs had a meeting this morning, and had the
subject under consideration. They ca^ne to the
conclusion to support this resolution before the
House, and to urge upon the House to pass it
at once. They did this under the conviction that
such a resolution was necessary; and therefore,
if it be referred to them, as proposed by the pend-
ing motion, made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yesterday, they would report it back at the
first opportunity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the reading of the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read [as published
yesterday] by the Clerk.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from Kentucky
is now in the House, and, with the consent of the
House, he can withdraw his-motion, and call the
previous question upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. PRESTON. I concur in the suggestion of
the gentleman, and ask leave to withdraw the mo-
tion I made yesterday, and to substitute therefor
a call for the previous question upon the passage
of the resolution.
No objection being made, the motion was with-
drawn.
The previous question was then seconded, and
, the main question ordered to be put.
The mam question being, " Shall the bill be en-
frossed, an4 read a third time?" it was put, and
ecided in the affirmative.
The joint resolution having been engrossed, it
was then read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SUPERINTENDENCE OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have a petition in my
hands that has been submitted to me, relating to a
subject which has been already referred to a special
committee. Not knowing whether it can be re-
ferred under the rules, I desire to offer it in the
House,-and have it referred to the special com-
mittee having charge of the subject relating to mil-
itary superintendence over the construction of the
public buildings. It is a petition signed by two
hundred and twenty-two working men, who dis-
approve of the superintendence, by military men,
of the construction of any of the public buildings
of the Government, or in any of the workshops
or armories of the United States.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to refer it under the
rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was not aware of that
fact, and hence I called the attention of the Speaker
to the subject. 1, therefore, send it to the Clerk's
desk that it may be referred, under the rules, to
the special'"committee having charge of the sub-
ject to which I have referred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I trust that the House will
vote down the motion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee. The Wisconsin land bill is in such a
condition that the Committee on Public Lands
cannot report anything else until that is disposed
of.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his motion. I desire
to offer a resolution to close debate upon the de-
ficiency bill in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Such a resolution would be
in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I offer, then, the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, on bill of the House (No.
271) to supply deficiencies in the appropriation for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854, shall
cease in two hours after its consideration is resumed, if the
committee shall not sooner come to a conclusion thereon ;
and the committee shall then proceed to vote upon such
amendments as may be pending, or offered to the same, and
shall report it to the House with such amendments as may
be agreed to by the committee.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution; and, a division being had, there
were—ayes 95, noes not counted.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN, is there a motion now pending
before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending,
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and, a division being had, there were—
ayes 68, noes 75.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Churchwei.l were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 86.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the regular order
of business.
ACCOUNTS OF A. BOYD HAMILTON.
Mr. HAVEN. I believe it is in order for me
to call up the motion I made a few days ago, and
have it disposed of. I refer to a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution passed
transferring the auditing of the accounts of A,
Boyd Hamilton from the Clerk of the House,
the Secretary of the Senate, and the clerk of the
Committee on Printing, to the office of the First
Comptroller of the Treasury. I understand the
resolution has passed the Senate; and, after con-
sultation with those who were interested in making
the motion, I am satisfied this is the best disposi-
tion than can be made of the business. I there-
fore call up that motion to reconsider, and move
that it be laid upon the table.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Would it be in order now
to move again that the rules be suspended, and ;
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. CHASTAIN- Then I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. SMITII, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the motion was
disagreed to.
WISCONSIN RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question is on commit-
ting the following bill to^he Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union: "An act grant-
ing a portion of the public lands to the State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of arailroad
and branch road m said State." The previous
question has been demanded.
Mr. DEAN. I moved the previous question,
and f desire to know what will be the effect of it?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to bring
the House first to vote on the motion to commit,
and, if the bill is not committed, then upon the
amendments, and then upon the engrossment of
the bill for a third reading.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire if the bill is open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not until the demand for
the previous question has been disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the demand for the
previous question is sustained, it will not then be
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not be.
Mr. DEAN. There are amendments pending1.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the previous question.
The SPEAKER. 11is not in order to havethe
yeas and nays on the second'. The gentleman can
have the yeas and nays on ordering the mainques-
tion, but not upon the second.
The previous question received-a second.
The question then was on ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. CUTTING*. I ask the friends of the bill
if they will, by unanimous consent, adopt the
amendment to this bill that-was voted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union into
the Minnesota bill ?
[Cries of "No I" "No!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeaa
and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE asked to be excused from voting,
as he paired off with the honorable gentleman
from Indiana,^[Mr. Dunham,] on this bill, as well
as the Minnesota railroad bill, which was up last
week for consideration. It is well known that he
is opposed, in principle, to all of these bills; and if
he had felt at liberty to vote, he would havevoted,
on the latter occasion, with his colleague, [Mr.
Craige,] who opposed the original bill, as also its
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the Chair what will be the first question, if the
call for the previous question be sustained, and the
main question ordered to be now put?
The SPEAKER. The first question will then
be on the motion to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken on ordering the
main question to be now put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrotnbie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen. Appleton, Banks, Barksdale, Bennett, Benson, Bis-
scll, Bocock, Boyee, Breckinridge, Campbell, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb,
Colquitt, Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cullom, Gumming, John
G Davi«, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean, De Witt, Disney,
Dowdeli, Dunbar, Ea>tman, Edmands, Ellison, English,
Farley, Florence, Gamble, Goodrich, Gree-n, Greenwood,
Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
Harrison, Hendricks, Henn, Hiester, Houston, Hughes, In-
gersoll, Roland Jones, Knox, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lind-
ley, Lmdsley, Mncdonald, McDougall, McWulhn, Macey,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Noble, Norton,Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peek, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips,Ready,Richardson,Riddle,David Ritchie,
Thomas Ritchey, Robbms Sage, Sapp. Seward, Shannon,
Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Sianton,
Ilestor L. Stevens, Straub, Joim L. Taylor, Thurston,
Trout, Tweed, Upham, Walbridge, Warren, Ellihu B.
Washlmrne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentwonh, West-
biook, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and Yates—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Belcher, Bridges, Brooks, Car
penter, Caskie, Ohastam, Cox, Cutting, Dent, Dick, Dick-
inson, Drum, Eddy, Edgerton, Flagler, Franklin, Puller,
Giddings, Goode, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven,
Hibbaid, Hill, Dame] T. Joite*, George W. Jones, Kerr,
Kuitz, Letrher, Lillv, McCulloch, McNair, McQueen,
Matte-*on, Maurice, May, Mayall, Middleswarth, Millson,
Morgan, Mornson, Mutray, Bishop .Perkins, Powell, Pratt,
Piosion, Pi ingle, Puryear, Reese, Rogers, Russell, Sabin,
Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William
Smith, Snodarass Richard H.Stanton, Andrew Stuart,
Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walley, Israel Washburn, Wells,
and Zollieoflt-r—70.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. COBB. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be put,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say a word or two.
The SPEAKER. The question arises whether
the gentleman has the right to address the House
at this stage of the proceedings. The question
now is on referring the bill.
Mr. DISNEY* So I understand, and I think
that my right to address the House under the rule,
as chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
is unquestionable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T think that the
practice has been heretofore to first take the vote
on the question of commitment.
