1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
salary of the stamp and blank agent for the Post Office De-
partment shall be the same as clerks in the Departments of
the second class; and that of the clerk in the office of the
CommissionerofPublic Buildings the same as clerks of the
firbt class; and the Secretaries of State, Treasury, J nterior,
War, and N"avy, Postmaster General, and Attorney Gen-
eral, ho authorized to employ one principal mes&engereach,
at an annual salary of $900, in lieu of those now so em-
ployed, and Ihe salary of all other messengers and absmant
messengers, including the packers in the Geneial Land
Office, now authorized by law to be employed m the Exec-
utive Departments in Washington, the mes^en^er in the
office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, doorkeeper
and assi-tant doorkeeper at the Executive Mansion, and
keeper of the western gate, Capitol square, and the keeper
of Lafayette square, shall be $750 per annum ; and the an-
nual salary of the watchine^£employed at the Capitol, Pres-
ident's [louse, and the Executive Departments and the
Auxiliary Guards, and the watchmen of the Capitol exten-
sion, shall be $750; and the public gardener shall receive
81,400 per annum; and the captain of the police of the
Capitol shall receive {$1,600, and each of his assistants
§1,300 per annum; and all laborers in the employment
of the Executive Departments in the city of Washington
shall receive an annual salary of $480 each ; and for the
payment of the excess of the stuns herem required to be
jMid over and above those elsewhere contained in this act
lor said payment, there shall be added thereto respectively
such further sums as, together, will equal the amounts
herein authorized, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The one hundred and sixty-sixth, which was
to add:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all persons claim-
ing any interest m, or portion of, any grant of laud derived
from the Spanish or Mexican Governments in Uppei Cali-
fornia, where such original grant has heretofore been pre-
sented to the hoard of land commissioners within the tune
specified m the thirteenth section of the act of the 3d of
March, 1851, but who have failed to present to the said
board the evidence of their derivative title to said interest
or portion from the original grantee, be, and they are hereby,
authorised to present the same ; and the said commissioners
are hereby directed to adjudicate the said interest or portion
m the same manner as if it had been presented within the
time originally prescribed by the aforesaid act of the 3d of
March, 1851, entitled " An act to ascei tain and settle the
private land claims in the t^tate of California,5'
The one hundred and sixty-ninth, which was
to add:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United Stares be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint or employ in his official household the following
officers, to wit: one secietary to the President, at a yearly
salary of §2,500, who shall take charge of such official
papers as shall be confided to him, and perioral Mich other
duties as may be directed by the President-; one cletk, at a
veariy salary of $1,600; one steward, at a yearly salary of
$1,000, who shall, under the direction of the President,
have charge of, and be responsible for, the plate and furni-
ture of the PiesiJ^nt's Mansion, and shall dischaige such
other duties a-> the President may assign, him ; one messen-
ger, at a yearly salary of -$900 ; and one assistant messen-
ger, at a jeaily s.iiary of {$7.">0. And forthe payment of the
compensation of the said officers, during the present fiscal
year, the sum of $6,750, or so much thereof as may be ne-
ces^arj, is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The one hundred and seventieth, which was to
add:
Spc.— And he it further enacted, That a yearly appro-
priation be made for the purchase of stationery, binding
public documents, and other contingent expenses of the
.Executive office, to be expended by the secretaty to the
Pieeident, under the diP'Ction of the Pie-jdent; and tor
that purpose, during the present fiscal year. is hereby
impropriated, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropuated.
The one hundred and seventy-first, which was
to add:
gEC. —. And bp it further enactedy That the authority
given by the eleventh section of the act apnroved Maich 3,
1853, entitled il An act making appropriations lor the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year end
inn the 30th of June, 1854," to the treasurer of the assay
office in New York to issue his certificate of the net value
Of any bullion or coins deposited in said office js hereby
sus-pended, and shall not be exercised except at such time
or times, and during such peuods as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be ot opinion that the interests of the public,
or of those making such deposits, or the condit'on of me
Trea-urv. render it expedient or convenient to issue such
certificates. And whenever the Secretaiv of the Tieasury
shall deem it expedient, he may authorize the issuing of the
s<ud certificates The receipts directed by the afoiesaid
section to be given by the tieasurer of the assay office for
any gold or silver bullion, in dust or othei wise, or for .my
foreign coin to be deposited m the said office, shall be pay-
able at the option of the depositor, to be expressed in the
receipt either in coins of the same metal as that deposited,
(to he paid as j <ion a> such bullion oi coin can be assayed,
or thevalue thereof ascertained either at the office ofthe As-
sistant Treasurer of the United States in New York, or at the
Mint of the United States, as the depositor Miall prefer,1 or
in bnrs, dncs, or ingots, either of pure metal or of the stand-
ard fineness, or made from the identical metal deposited
without refining—butin all ca^essuch bars, discs, ormeots,
shall bear a '•tamp of Mich form and device a«? shrill he pre
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, aceuratelv dt>ig-
nating their weight and' fineness ; and all gold or stiver de
posited m the as^ay office, either to be struck into com at
the Mint, or to be refined oi assayed, '-hall be subject to the
charges prescribed by law for such operations at the Mint
or branch Mints ofthe United States.
The one hundred and seventy-second, which
was to insert:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the provisions
of the fifth section of an act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854," and
approved 3d March, 1853, be, and ihey are her'-by, extended
to the branch mints and the assay office m New York, re-
spectively.
The one hundred and seventy-third, which was
to insert:
Sec.—. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That the Secretary
of ttie Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ
prtvate establishments, or to contract with individuals for
refining gold bullion, if he shall deem it expedient so to do:
Provided always. That the said refining shall not subject
the depositors to anj greater wastage per ounce, nor to any
greater charge for labor, materials, and alloy, or for other
cause, than is now made, or would hereafter be incurred,
on deposits at the Mint, the branch Mints, or assay office
in New York, respectively, nor to any greater delay than
is now experienced; and that said refining shall be subject
to such regulationsjvs the said Secretary shall deem proper
and sufficient to secure the skillful and prompt performance
thereof, and to prevent any loss ol metal other than wast-
age, as aforesaid.
The one hundred and seventy-fourth, which
was to add;
Sec.—. AnSbeit further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is heteby, authorized, at his dis-
cretion, to cause advances to be withheld on deposits of
gold bullion, made after the fitst day of Januaiy next, at
the Mint, the branch Mints, and the a^say office m New
York, respectively, unless such deposits be metal of stand-
ard fineness, and suitable for coinage without any further
| refining; and upon the coinage of such deposits so refined
by private enterprise, and suitable foi that purpose, the
Secretary of the Treasuiy, at hi? discretion, may charge a
seignorage of not more than one halt per centum, nor less
than one fourth per centum, upon the vatue thereof.
The one hundred and seventy-sixth, which was
to add:
Sec.—. And be it farther enacted, That so much ofthe
act of the 7th of June, 1844, restricting the employment of
inspectors, gaujiers, weighers, measurers, and markers in
the custom hotibC to the number then m service,as maybe
applicable to those employed at the ports of New York arid
New Orleans be, and the same is heieby, repealed.
The one hundred and seventy-eighth, which
was to add:
Sec.—. And be it farther enacted, That the county of
El Paso, in the State of Texas, and the Territory of New
Mexico, be, and they are hereby, made a collection district
by the name of El Paso del Norte, and Frontera shall be
the place or poit of entry for said distnct, and a collector
s-hail beappointed to reside thereat, with such othei officers
as thall bo necessary. The compensation ot the eollpctor
shall be $2,000 per annum, including the tees of his office.
The one hundred and seventy-ninth, which was
to add:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the " Act
making appropriations for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers," appioved the 30th of August, 1852, be,
and the same hereby is, amended by -triking from the
clause m which they occur the following words: "by the
construction of a breakwater across Croaton sound."
The one hundred and eightieth and one hundred
and eighty-first, which were to add:
And be ii jurther enacted, That the President of the
United States, by and with the advjee and consent of the
Senate, «hnll b", and is hereby, authorized to appoint a
commissioner, at the compensation o( not exceeding .*$4,01)0
per annum, to asceitam the nature, character, extf.nt, and
value of all v.ilnl claims arising m Washington and Oregon
i Teuitones,under the treaty with Ureat Britain of June 15,
| 184(); and t-hould -.aid claims, or any part thereof, he deemed
i of sufficient public and political impouanee to justify or
I require the mea-ure, the President is hereby authorized to
i direct said commissioner to agree with the claimants and
the Hudson's liay Company for the relinquishment of their
claims on a just and lair valuation, and to pay over the
amount so agreed upon, on a full and entire surrender and
relinquishment ol all right, title, claim, ini''r<->t, and de-
mand, therein and thereto, to the United States : Proi.ulpd,
That none of the lands acquired under this sect.on shall be
subject to donation or preemption, but &haU he sold .rit pub-
lic auction, unless in case-, where, in the opinion of the
commissionei, the sum bid for anv particular paieel or
piece shall be less than a fair price therefor, to be ascer-
tained by tiie commissioner aforesaid ; '•aid sales to be made
for cas-h, at such times and places, and with such postpone-
ments, as mav be dnected by the said commissioner; and
tor carmnginto effect the provisions of'thts section in cus^
of a puich.^e, a Mim not exceeding .•sfMO.OOO is hereby ap
propriated: PiOvided, That the amount to be paid for all
the said claims, rights, and mtetest, shall not exceed the
sum lieiein appropriated ; and for defraying the expenses of
the commission, the further sum of *>.">01) is also appropria-
ted, payable out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated
Sec.—, be it fmthrr cnactcd, That in ease it
should be deemed inexpedient to sell said lands and im-
provements immediately, or any pirt thereof, the Piesident
shall tie, and be is hereby, auihoiiz-ed, on the extinguish-
ment of the title as atorenaui, to direct the commissioner
to take possession of the same, for and m the name of the
United States, and to lease the same on such terms and
conditions, and for such sum or sums, as he may deem
prnppr and rnrht, subject, however, to sale, when in his
opinion it may be proper, after the United States surveys
have been extended over the same.
The one hundred and eighty-second, which was
to add:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States be authorized and directed to appoint
two persons to investigate and collect proof, under the in-
structions of the Department of the Interior, on th« depre-
dations upon private property by the Indians in Florida,
subsequent to the -25th December, 1835, the report and tes-
timony to be submitted to Congress at its next session.
The one hundred and eighty-fourth, which was
to add:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the second sec-
tion of the act of July 3,185*2, entitled l£ An act to establish
a branch of the Mint of the United States in California," b 
so amended as to allow to the clerks authorized to be em-
ployed therein $3,000 per annum each, to take effect from
ami after the 1st day of July, 1854. And such additional
sums: as, together with these elsewhere provided in this
act, will equal the respective salaries authorized by this
and the preceding section of this act, are hereby appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated for the payment thereof.
The one hundred and eighty-fifth, which was to
add:
Sec. —. And he it farther enacted, That all appointments
of clerks and assistants authorized to be employed in the
offices of the assistant treasurers of the United States, and
in the offices of the Mint and branches thereof, and the as-
say ofiice in New York, shall respectively be made, with
the approbation of the President, by the assistant treasurer,
director, superintendent, and treasurers ofthe Mint and
«aid branches, arid assay offiep, as the case may be, whose
bonds are held at the Tieasury Department m trust for the
proper and faith! ul performance of their respective duties.
The one hundred and eighty-sixth, which was
to add:
Sec,—. And be it further enacted, That the district
judges for the State of California, white in the discharge of
the duties imposed by the act of the 3d of March, 1851,
entitled " An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California," be allowed at the rate of
$•2*2,000 per annum each, m addition to their palaues as dis-
trict judges for the Slate of California, which shall be in
fuil for their services.
And the one hundred and eighty-seventh, which
was to add:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
act passed 26th February, J 853, being k< An act to legulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and at-
torneys of the circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes, as fixes the compensation to be
allowed for expenses while employed in endeavoring to
arrest, under process, any person charged with or convicted
of a crime, the sum actually expended not "to exceed two
dollars per day in addition to his compensation for service
and travel," so as to read " for expenses while em ployed in
endeavoring to arrest, under process, any person charged
with or convicted of a crime, the actual necessary expenses
in addition to his compensation for service and navel."
Mr. MA.LLORY, (before the reading of the
report was concluded, said:) I move to dispense
with its further reading. "We cannot understand
what the amendments are by merely hearing their
ntimbers read,
Mr. WELLER. I do not ask for the reading
ofthe report; but every Senator must see what
is the practical effect of this course of proceeding-.
We are called upon now to take that report of the
committee without knowing'what it is. There
are not more than two Senators on this floor who
know what we have given up, or what we have
gained; so that the effect of it is, that two Sena-
tors have had the whole legislation of this great
civil and diplomatic bill in their hands.
The report of the committee of conference was
concurred in.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. RUSK. The committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the Uvo Houses on the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of Julie, 3855, beg leave to report
that they are unable to agree upon the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses, and report
hack the bill, and recommend that the Senate in-
sist upon their amendments, and ask for another
committee of conference.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments to the bill, and it was
Resolre<l, That they in-i-t upon tlieir amendments, and
a«k a further coofeienee on the disagreeing votes of the two
Hou=ps thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
ofthe Seinte be appointed by Pie President pro tempore.
And Mr. Morton, Mr. Walker, and Mr.
Sebastian" were appointed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BIO..
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKea\", Chief Clerk,
