THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
=*=
. States, Quantity donated. Quantity reserved, fyc.
Illinois 2,595,053 acres. 1,2^3,921 acres.
Alabama  419,528 « *167,045 «
Mississippi........ 737,130 " *288,495 "
Total .3,751,711 1,679,461
Of th8.3,751,711 acres thus donated, 1,651,874 acres are
Within six upilea of the road, and 2,099,837 acres are select-
ed outside of these limits. With great respect,
JOHN WILSON* Commissioner.
♦Estimated.
Mr. DISNEY. I am urged upon all sides to
allow the vote to be taken immediately, and I
therefore move the previous question.
The previous question was ■ seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon the following amendment, reported by
the Committee on Public Lands, which comes m
at the close of section one, as follows:
" Provide^ That no lands on either site of said road
south of .Tanesviiie shall be granted to the State of Wiscon-
sin by virtue of any provision of this act."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered,
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas-90, nays 87; as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appleton, Ranks, Barks-
dale, Benson, Bwsell, Breckinridge. Campbell, Caruther ,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Cor-
win, Crocker, Cullym,Cumming, John G. Davih,De Witt,
Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Kdgerton, Edmanda, Ellison,
English, Parley, Florence, Goodrich, Green, Gre'fcnWood,
Wileyy. Harris, Hamson,Uenn,Hiester,Houston, llughes,
Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones, Knox, Lujnl>, Latham, Lmd-
ley, Lindsley, Macy, Mattogon, Maxwell, Middleswarlh,
JohnG. Miller, Noble, Norton, Olds, Andrew Ohver, Mor-
decai Oliver, reck, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Reese,
Richardaon, Riddle, Thomas Ritchoy, Hago, Sapp, Seward,
Shannon, Singleton, William 11. Smith, George \V. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, ilcstor L.
Steven*, Straub, John L. Taylor, Thmston, Tweed. Up-
ham, Walbridge, Walker, Walley,Warren, Ellilni B. Wash-
burn^ John Weutworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Daniel JJ. Wright) aud Yaies—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Belcher, Bennett, Benton, Bo-
.cock. Bridge*, Brooks, Carpenter, Chastain, ChurchvvelJ,
Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cutting., Dawson, Dent, Dick, Dick-
inson, Dowdell, Drum, Eddy, Elliott, Eveihart, Faulkner,
Flaglqf, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Uuiihngs, Goode, Grey,
Grow, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Ilaven, Hendricks,
Hthhard, Hill, Ilowe, fngersoll, Daniel T. Jonesj Geoige
W. Jonei, Kcitt, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, Lilly,
McMullin, McNair,IVIcQ.ueen, Maurice, May, Smith Mil-
ler, Million. Morrison, Murray, Packer, Bishop Perkins,
Povvwll, Pratt, Preston, Ptingle, I'uryear, Ready, David
Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers,Russell, Sabin, Seymour, Shaw,
Shovyer, Simmons, Skelton, Uernt Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Snoderass, Andrew Stuart, Tracy,
Trout, Vail, Vansant, Israel Washburn, Wells, and ZolH-
coft'er—87.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. DISNEY. The question now presents
itself upon the passage of the bill; and upon that
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The bill will now be read
the third time, according to the orderof the House.
The bill was read a third time by us title.
Mr. CAMPBELL- I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I'move to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and move to lay themotion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Several Members. Withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the with-
drawal of the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered,and the Clerk
proceeded to call the roll.
When the name of John B.Macy was called—
Mr. LETCHER, said: At this point I rise to a
question of order. I understand that the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Macy] isa stockholder
in this railroad", and if so, by the rules of the
House he has no right to vote upon this question.
Mr. MACY. What railroad ?
Mr. LETCHER. The Rock River Union Val-
ley railroad.
Mr. BISSELL. There is no rule that will pre-
vent the gentleman from voting if he is a stock-
holder.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the rule be read.
The Clerk read the 40th rule, which is as fol-
lows;
" No member shall vote on any question in the event of
which he is immediately and particularly interested, or in
any case where he was not within the bar of the House
when the question was put. And when any member shall
ask leave to vote, the Speaker shall propound to him the
question: " Were you within the bar when your name was
called?t
Mr. BISSELL. I do not understated that any
railroad company is interested in this bill. It
provides for giving land to the State of Wisconsin,
who will dispose of it as she pleases.
Mr. LETCHER. The object of this bill, as I
understand it, is to give land to the State of Wis-
consin to be held in trust for the benefit of this
railroad company.
Mr. BISSELL. Read the bill, and see what it
provides for.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the bill-will be read.
A Member. Read the note to the fortieth rule.
The Clerk read the note,as follows:
i( Of late, differences of opinion have occasionally arisen
as to the kind of interest alluded to in this rule. It has
been contended to apply to members who were merchants
or manufacturers, or encaged in other business, to b«
effected by taufis or other bills touching rates of duties, &c.
This construction has never been sustained by the House.
The original construction, and the only true one, is direct
jtersonal or pecuniary interest."
Mr. MACY. Without detaining the House
further, I can satisfy the gentleman from Virginia
in reference to his question of order. I am no
stockholder in the railroad company to which he
alludes. I disposed of all my stock in tiiat com-
pany before I took my seat in this House.
Mr. LETCHER. I was informed, by a person
who seemed to know, that the gentleman from
Wisconsin was a stockholder tn this company. If
he is not, of course I have no question of order to
make.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is this discussion in
order ?
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
The Clerk will proceed to call the roll.
The calling of the roll was finished, and the
Speaker announced the result—yeas 92, hays 91;
as follows."
YEAS—Mes-srs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Appleton, Banks, Barksdalc, Benson, Bissell, Bieck-
mririge, Campbell, Carmhers, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook, corwin, Crocker, Culloiri,Gum-
ming, John G. Davis, Do Witt, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmnuds, English, Farley, Florence, Goodrich,
Green, Gicenwood, Sampson W. Ilarrw, Wiley P. flams,
Harrison, Henn, Hiestei, Houston, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson,
Roland Tones, Knox, Lamb, Latham^ Lindley, Lmdslcy,
Lyon, Macdonald, McDougall, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell,
John G. Miller, Noiton, Andrew Ohver, Mordeeai Ohver,
Pock, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Reese, Richardson,
Thomas ltitchey,Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Singleton,
William R, Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick, l\ Stan-
ton, Richard 11. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Ilestor
I.. Stevens, Sfraub, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed,
(Jpham, Walbridge, Walker, Wanen, Elhhu B. Wash-
bnrne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Darnel 13. Wrjght, and Yates—9£.
NAYS—Moseis. Aiken,Thomas II. Bayly, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Denton, Ilocock, Bridges, Brook*, Carpenter, Chas-
tain, Churchwtill, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cutting, Dawson,
Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Dowck'll, Drum, Ed«ly, Ellison,
Faulkner, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Guldmgs,
Goode- Grey, Giow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Hastings,, llavon, Hendueks, Uibbard, Hill, Howe, Ingcr-
soll, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kid-
well, Knit/., Lane, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McMullin,
McNan, McQueen, Maurice, May, Smith Miller, Million,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Packer, Bishop Perkm«, Pow-
ell, Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie,
dobbin*, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Seymour, Shaw, Sim-
mons, Skelton, Genu Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Snorfgrafs, Andrew Stuart, Tracy,Trout, Vansant,
Wiido, Walley, Israel Wa&hbum, Wells, and Zollicolier
Mr. DISNEY. As the morning hour has
expired, or very nearly so, and as the Committee of
Ways and Means are anxious to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of taking up and disposing- of the
deficiency bill, I move to recommit the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to know if
the Chair has not the right to vote upon the ques-
tion just taken? The vote of the Speaker might
change 'the result.
^ The SPEAKER. The Chair has certainly the
right to vote under the rules of the House, but he
regards^ the vote as rather an unimportant one,
and he is therefore not disposed to avail himself
of it. His right, however, is unquestionable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the ques-
tion whether in the present instance the Speaker
is not required to voter I think the rule says that
he shall not be required to vote unless there is a
tie vote, or unlesshisvote if given in the minority
would make a tie; and the inference is, that in
such cases he shall be required to vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 raise the question of
order, that the vote has been announced ^nd that
it is too late fol- the Speaker to vote if he desires it.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the reading of the rule.
Mr. WHEELER. It is too late to raise the
question of order. 1 object.
Mr. JONES. If the rule requires the Speaker
to vote it is not too late.
Mr. TWEED. 1 ask the Chair if he had an-
nounced his vote?
The SPEAKER. He announced the result as—
92 yeas and 91 nays; but he did not announce the
effect of that result. In the mean time the'gentle-,
man from Ohio addressed the Chair, and being
recognized, moved to recommit the bill. Theques-
tion raised by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] was made in time, and if the rule requires
the Chair to vote he shall conform to the rule.
The twelfth rule was read by the Clerk, and is
as follows:
" In all cases of ballot by the House, the Speaker shall
vote ; in other eases he shall not be required to vote, unless
the House be equally divided, or unless lus vote, if given in
the minority, will make the division equal; and in case of
such equal division the question shall be lost,"
The SPEAKER. Under the rule which has
just been read the Chair is bound to vote. Tie
votes in the negative, and the motion to iay-the
motion to reconsider upon the table is therefore
lost.
The vote being—yeas 92, nays 92, the House
refused to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. "
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion can-
not be withdrawn without unanimous consent.
There has been action upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that I have
the right to withdraw my motion.
Mr. DISNEY. I renew the motion which I
made some time since, to recommit the bill.
The SPEAfCER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope we shall go to the
business on the Speaker's table. a
Mr. TWEED. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
what I am called to act upon? I understood that
there was a motion made by tfie gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] to commit this Wisconsin bill,
as it is called.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
submitted a motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CUTTING. I move to proceed to the or-
ders of the day, the morning hour having expired.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. Does the gentleman from Ohio
move to recommit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? Why, it has
never been referred to that committee. Themotion
so to refer it was defeated.
Mr. DISNEY. That was not my motion. I
moved to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs pardon.. The
Chair misunderstood the gentleman's motion.
Mr. SMITH. Well, what has been done with
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. Nothing at all. It is still
pending. A motion is also pending that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which is in
order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The effect of the
motion to recogimit is to keep the bill before the
House, and that is the object of the gentleman
from Ohio in making it. I hope my colleague
understands it.
Mr. DISNEY. Of course I made themotion
to recommit with, a, view of keeping the bill be-
fore the House. There is no question about that.
