1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
disposed of finally but the Nebraska bill. If we
are to hurry the business over without any con-
sideration, we may adjourn in July. If we are
content to postpone those measures which have
been partly discussed, and simply take up the ap-
propriation bills and puss them,we can get through
m the time proposed. But if we are to discuss the
homestead bill, who does not know, that it will
take more time, than that mentioned in the reso-
lution, to discuss that single bill in the Senate? If
you had the same rules here, as they have in the
House of Representatives, if you could apply the
previous question, you might cut off debate; but
you cannot do it. The discussion of the home-
stead bill alone in this body, I have said, will oc-
cupy more time than is given us by the resolution.
1 know what will be the consequence of passing
the resolution. All these measures will be passed
by. Perhaps gentlemen will say it is as well they
should be; but i think differently. Therefore I
want to have plenty of time for discussion. But
I am more particularly opposed to theamendinent
offered by my friend from Georgia, than I am to
the original resolution. I am utterly opposed to
an adjournment over to October. If we can get
through in July, very well, let us go home and
remum there, until the regular tune for the meet-
ing of Congress.
Mr. CLAYTON. Geneially, sir, when a dis-
cussion has arisen on a resolution fixing the day
of adjournment, it has lasted lor a long period,
and consumed a great deal of the valuable time of
the Senate. I hope we shall not imitate the ex-
ample which has heretofore been set us.
Sir, I do not intend to suggest any additional
reasons for adopting the resolution of the Senator
from California except this: 1 desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that even now,
at this stage of the session, we are very fiequently
left without a quorum. Why is it? It is gener-
ally to be attributed to the weather. If we con-
tinue (luring the months of August and Septem-
ber, we shall be found in that situation much more
frequently than we have been heretofore.
The mode now proposed is the only way in
which you can do anything towards equalizing the
sessions of Congress. The effort which was made
in |S3{) to equalize the sessions 1 find, on exam-
ination, to have been this: A bill passed both
Houses of Congress to commence the sessions oo
the first Monday of November, arid extend both
sessions until the second Monday m May. The
President's veto was founded on the ground rather
that it was unconstitutional to fix Lhe term of ad-
journment m that manner by legislative act. Hut
when that veto came in, then it was competent for
Congress to start a plan which I should have pre-
ferred rather than to have gone on as before. I
refer to the plan suggested by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Dotroi.\s,] which is to pass a bill
directing the sessions of Congress to commence
on the first Monday of November or October. I
did not think, myself, the veto was sustainable,
under the Constitution, at the time. But thisdif-
ficulty,! lemember, was su^srested in opposition:
that, instead of that equalizing the sessions of
Congress, it extended (he long session only a
month longer; because, if we commenced on the
fiist Monday in November, we should continue
in session just as Ions; as if we commenced on the
first Monday of December. For that reason,
although Congress was almost unanimous in the
expression of its wish that the sessions should be
equalized, no plan was adopted, and I suppose it
would not adoptthat plan now for thesame reason.
The only plan that can be adopted, and incur no
constitutional objection, is this, which is nothing
more nor less than to have a recess for a limited
period. It requites the consent of both Houses,
being an adjournment for more than three days;
but it is, m its nature, like an adjournment over
to Monday, which we frequently have.
There is one consideration which I wish to
throw out, while we are about to act upon this
question. I am willing to vote for this resolution,
and anxious that it should be adopted ; but I should
like to see, accompanying it, some legislative act,
declaring or enacting that there should be no com-
pensation received by members of Congress during
the recess. We ought not to receive it; we are
not entitled to receive it; but it is something of a
question, ns you will find on looking into the mat-
ter, whether you might not found a claim to com-
pensation, unless you change your law. We
cannot do that by way of amendment to this reso-
lution, because it can be done only by regular
legislative act repealing a former act, and requiring
the assent of the President. This resolution does
not require the consent of the President at all. I
throw this out for the consideration of gentlemen
who take an interest in the matter.
I trust the resolution will be adopted, and that
we shall then have the concurrent action of both
Houses upon a bill, declaring or enacting that
during the recess there shall be no compensation.
Mr. GWIN. I have a word to say in regard
to the suggestion of the Senator from Arkansas;
and it is this. If we take a recess at all, it is bet-
ter to do it from the first Monday in July, which
will give us a proper time to go home and return.
I would adopt the suggestion to say second or
third Monday in July, if this were a proposition
for final adjournment; but this is merely for a re-
cess. I hope the question will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. GWIN. 1 accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Pktttt,] to postpone the further considera-
tion of the subject until Monday week next.
Mr. GWIN. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. lia>ard, Douglas, Norns, Pettit,Rusk,
Stuart, and Walker—7.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ariaina, Allen, Atchison, Badger, "Rrod-
head, Brown, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, J)odge of
Wisconsin, Evan--, Fessonden, Fish, Filzpalnck, Foot,
(Jeyer, Gillette, Gwui, Hamlin, Johnson, Jones ot Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, MalUny, Mason, Pi alt, Sebastian,
Sewaid, Siidolt, Siimnui, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toomb^, Toucey, Wade, and Wcilcr—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to strike out the
latter clause of the resolution, which provides for
a recess until October.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the yeas and nays on
this amendment; and they were ordered, and be-
ing taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chase, I)od<re u( Wwohmh,
Douglas, Fessendeu, Fish, Fit/patuek, Ilainhn, Malloiy,
IVIa-on, Norns, Rusk, Sewaid, SJnok!>, fc>tuart, .Sumner,
Tonmh*, and lVeller-19.
NAYvS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badsror, Bayard. B rod-
head, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Foul, Coyer, Gil-
luue, Uwiii, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Petto, Pratt, Keh:isti: n, Slide]), Thompson of Kentucky,
Toucey, Wade, anil Waikei—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the original res-
olution as modified, as follows:
Itcsolvt'd, (The lloiwe coneurnnff,) That the Pi cedent
of the Senate, and lhe Speaker ol the House o| Represent-
aiives, adjourn then lesprcltve Houses on lhe first Monday
in July, until the thud Monday of October next.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend that by
striking out the " third Monday of October,"and
inserting ''first Monday of October."
Mr. STUART, ff this matter is to be consid-
ered and determined to-day, it strikes me that we
mightas well have some little understanding about
it. It seems that the object is to advance the con-
venience of Senators. I know not how it may
be in the south and southwest, but I must say
that a more inconvenient adjournment for gentle-
men in the northwestern States could not be pro- j
posed. The elections in almost all those States'
take place on the fust Tuesday in November. The I
election of members of the House of Representa- >
tives come off on that day; and many of those ,
members, as a matter of course, will be candidates !
for reelection. Now, to bring those gentlemen ;
back here on the first Monday of October, or at '
any other time in October, would be one of the ;
most inconvenient things that could be done. |
Now, sir, I submit that, as a general proposi- j
. tion, there has been as much injury done in under- '
! taking to fix the time for the final adjournment of !
j a legislative body, before there is asufficient under- i
• standing of the condition of business to satisfy I
j the body that it can be disposed of by the time j
I fixed, as has been done in any other way. It is |
productive of more hasty and inconsiderate legis- i
lation perhaps than any other one thing. I have
often heard it remarked that it is necessary to fix
a time of ad journment and work up to it. I have
found that work to consist in doing certain things
very improperly and not doing certain other things
at all.
I have thought it necessary to say this much in
justification of myself. I shall vote against this
proposition. I shall vote against fixing at this
time any day for the adjournment of this session
of Congress, merely for the reason that at least
three fourths of the business which .ought to be
done by this Congress is untouched.
Mr, SHIELDS. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that this would be ex-
ceedingly inconvenient for us, and I think very
disadvantageous to the public business. In real-
ity, we have done very little practical business at
this session, and all the great practical measures
are yet to be taken up and considered. Take the
Pacific railroad bill forinstance. Takethehome-
stead bill, a measure very important and inter-
esting to those who are in favor of it, and one
whicn, whether it be passed or rejected, ought to
be acted on at this session. Then there is the
message of the President, vetoing the bill granting
land for the indigent insane. Some of us were
very severely censured here because we wanted a
little delay in relation to that message. Gentle-
men said it was due to the President, due to the
subject, and due to the country, that we should
take up the message, and proceed to consider it
immediately. My excellent and honorable friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton-,] though he did
not exactly censure me, took occasion to admon-
ish me that that was the old way of proceeding.
Now, how have we been acting in relation to this
message? We have been taking it up occasion-
ally, and, as they say in the other end of the
Capitol, it has been dilly-dally shilly-shally ever
since. My opinion is, that it is wrong now at
this stage of the session of Congress to undertake
to predetermine at what time it is proper to ad-
journ; and for this reason, we cannot possibly tell
what the necessity or exigency of the public ser-
vice in that time may be.
Mr. BADGER. This is only to take a recess
for a few weeks; that is the whole amount of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. A recess for a few weeks?
Mr. BADGER. During the hot weather.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall be willing to take a
recess, when we get through the larger portion of
the necessary business of the session. I have
been waiting;all this session to have taken up some
bills in relation to the Army,"which are essentially
necessary.' I have been also waiting to press
forward the homestead bill, but we have been kept
back upon that. I think now that a movement of
this kind will effectuate nothing but this, that
there will be no further business done at this ses-
sion, and all the bills which 1 have mentioned,
will he passed over until the end of the session,
and then carried into the ensuing session.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I should vote
against the motion to adjourn on the first Mon-
day in July, if it were a proposition by itself; but
1 think that would be infinitely better than this
resolution as it now stands. In the first place, I
regard the passing of the resolution in its present
shape, as worse than nothing; for after the facts
stated by the honorable Senator from Michigan,it
is unreasonable to expect that the House will concur
m the resolution to take this recess. I have seen
once or twice such recesses on a smaller scale
than the one now proposed, and they amounted
to nothing, so far as the dispatch of business was
concerned; so it will be in this case. When we
come here again in October, very little will be
done, but agreat deal of time will be lost in getting
to business.
Now, sir, I apprehend that if the business on
our table be looked into, it will be found to be
larger than it has been at any previous session of
Congress; and this resolution allows but a very
( short time—until the first Monday in July—toac-
! complish it. There is, in fact, between this and
that day, not more than sufficient time to do jus-
tice to the appropriation bills themselves in the
two Houses of Congress. Onefact is very notori-
ous, that these appropriation bills, so far as we
have any experience of them at this session of
Congress, are more stoutly resisted than they have
ever been before. Why, sir, this is the month of
May, and the deficiency bill is not yet passed. A
committee of conference is now out upon the sub-
ject of that bill. A great many of the appropria-
tions contained in it are palpably necessary to be
made, but still the bill is not passed. The whole
