1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
requiring the printing of each House to be done by
its own printer, but strike out the part in relation
to the Executive printing. That, I believe, is
about the result of the committee of conference.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to ascertain,if
I can, the condition of the amendment in relation
to Robert Green'how.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Secretary to read
that portion of the report of the committee on
conference.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" That the House concur in Senate's amendment forty-
one, wjtli the following amendment: strike out all after
the word 'dollars,' in line three, and insert, iProvided,
that there be allowed to the legal representatives of Robert
Greenhovv, bitch sum in addition to tiiat received by them,
as toother will make his salary, for the time he was em-
ployed as assistant law agent, equal to that authorized to
be paid 10 the land commissioners, by the act of the ad ot
March, 1853, making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854.'"
Mr. GWIN. That allows the same compen-
sation as the land commissioners, $8,000 a year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report ofthe committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 30, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen managers on the part of the House, of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses on the amendments of
the Senate to the deficiency bill: Messrs. Phelps,
Chandlbr, and Letcher.
The SPEAKER suited that the business first in
order was the consideration of the resolution re-
ported on Friday from the Committee on Printing
relative to the printing of extra copies of the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury, on
the condition of the banks of the country.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope that
resolution will be disposed of now.
POST ROADS IN UTAHT.
Mr. BERNHiSEL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolve>1, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Tooele city to Granwville;
from Great Salt Lake Citv, via Taylor^vdle, West Jordan,
Gardner's Mill, and Bingham's, Kanyon, io Cedar Valley ;
from Great Salt Lake City, via NefPs Mill, Mill Creek,
Holiday's Settlement, Little Cottonwood, and Diapers-
ville, to MoiiHtair.s-viilp, in the Territory of Utah, and that
said committee iepoi t by bill or otherwise.
ROADS AND PUBLIC LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. HBNN, by unanimous consent, and m
pursuance of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bills: which were read a first and second
time by their respective titles, and referred as in-
dicated below:
A bill for the construction of military roads
in the Territory of Nebraska. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill to provide for the stile of the public lands
in the Territory of Nebraska, and to establish a
land office therein. Referred^ the Committee on
Public Lands.
WEST FELICIANA RAILROAD.
Mr. REESE. I desire to call up the motion to
reconsider the vote in regard to the bill for the re-
lief of the West Feliciana railroad and the Geor-
gia Railroad and Banking Companies.
Reference was made of that bill, when it came
from the Senate, to the Committee of Claims. ^ A
motion was subsequently made toreconsidei tnat
vote, and it has never been acted on. I desire the
vote to be reconsidered now, that I may have the
bill referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The question was taken on the motion to recon-
sider; and it was agreed to.
REPORT ON BANKS.
And then, on motion by Mr. REESE, the bill
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the adoption of the following amendment to the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,] from the Committee on Public
Printing:
" Provide 7, That nothing herein contained feha.ll author-
ize a charge for a second composition."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
say in reference to the resolution, that this House
have published no extra copies of the document
m question. It is a very important document,
containing information which was gathered at the
request of this House by the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the different banks through-
out the Union. A great many of these banks
have requested that the information be published,
and they desire that they shall each be furnished
with a copy. Two hundred and fifty copies, I
think, will be a sufficient number to supply the
different banks throughout the country.
Mr. LETCHER, i object to the adoption of
the resolution. I think the amendment is right
if the resolution is to be adopted. The printing of
this document is, as I supposed it was, intended
for the benefit of the banks throughout the coun-
try. This information has been published in the
newspapers here, and has been generally dissemi-
nated in that way. The banks have had an op-
portunity to get it in that way; and it seems to
me we have done all that is necessary in the case.
If this House undertakes to publish information
for a privileged class, for banking companies, or
any other privileged class, the expenses of the
Government will very soon run up to an enormous
sum. , .
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] that the
vote upon the resolution shall be passed over until
next week, when members will return to their
places, and allow me to move to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the consideration of this reso-
lution he over? The Chair hears no objection;
and it will be so ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire that my motion to
lay on the table shall be entered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
JOHN W. KELLY.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I have been requested
by Mr. Maxwell, who is not now m his seat,
to ask that the papers in the case of John W.
Kelly be taken from the Speaker's table, for the
purpose of reference to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my colleague proposes
to refer the bill to a committee, I have no objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama asks the unanimous consent of (he House
to take from the table the following bill:
An act for the relief of John W. Kelly.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill having
been read the first and second tune by its title, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PRESERVATION OF LIFE ON THE NEW JER-
SEY COAST.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire whether any, and what measure-?, arc
necessary for the security and preservation ot lite and
pioperty in cases of wieck or other dt-a-iter of vessel* on
the coast of New Jersey, and repoit by bill oi uthei wise.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
PRESERVATION OF DIES AND MEDALS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 13ih instant,
a communication received by that Department
from the Director of the United States Mint, on
the subject of the condition of dies or medals
struck by the authority of Congress, commemo-
rative of patriotic services, and touching the pro-
priety of establishing in the Mint a medal depart-
ment, for the purpose of preserving such dies,
medals, &o., together with a copy of the proceed-
ings of the Pennsylvania Historical Society, to
which the said report refers, and a list, of the dies
now in the Mint.
The communication and accompanying docu-
ments were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
THE MINISTER AT CONSTANTINOPLE.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to obtain the
unanimous consent of the House to present a res-
olution, which I send to the Clerk's desk. It
calls for certain correspondence from the State
Department.
There being no objection, the resolution was
reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to Congiess, po far as, m his judgment, it may be com-
patible with the public interest, copies of the correspond-
ence of our .Minister at Constantinople, the Hon. Carroll
Spence. and which has been tiansiuiUed io the Depart-
ment of State-
Mr. MAY. I merely want to say a single
word in relation to this resolution. I believe,
Mr. Speaker, that our Minister to Constantinople
has been very unjustly censured as to the speech
delivered by him on his presentation to the Grand
Turk. 1 think that when an authentic copy of
that speech is seen, it will be found in consonance
with the settled principles which govern the policy
of the United States in its foieign relations. I
desite that justid? may be done to Mr. Spence;
that an authentic copy of his speech maybe seen.
And I wish to add, that when the correspondence
which he had with the Sublime Porte, touching
the expulsion of the Greeks from Constantinople
is published, he wiif he found to merit the appro-
bation of his countrymen. I hope, therefore, the
House will adopt the ievolution of inquny.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
FOREIGN COMMERCIAL REGULATIONS.
Mr. MACDONALD. I ask the unatnmons
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Rcwlved) That tin' Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed l'> mqiiue itiio the e\pedienev ot fYtendttiu tin-* provis-
ions of the act of the 16tU Au?u*t, IS4-J, minimis toreiga
legulauons ot commerce to be laid annuali' h^'ore Con-
gie-^, and of malonga permanent annuai appropriation to
enable the State Department to comply with said act; said
committee to report by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the question was put;
and the resolution was adopted.
CUSTOMS COMMISSIONS.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce are hereby
directed to impure into the expediency oi repealing so
mm h of the lourtU sr< tion of Hk act of 3d March, 18 U, to
j regulate the foreign and con>ung trade on the northern,
! nonl!ea*f<'ni, and northwestern frontiers, and for oiher
; pmp -ses, as prohibits the receipt of commissions bv offi-
cer.-of the custom* on said frontiers upon duties or goods
entered at then offices and paid thereat.
Mr. McNAIR. i object to ihe introduction of
that resolution, inasmuch as I believe there is not
a quorum at present in the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. For my part, I do not object
to the resolution itself, but I think that it is made
j to take a wrong direction in its being referred to
; the Committee on Commerce. However, that is
' not of much consequence.
: Mr. McNAIR. The only object I have in ob-
' jecting to the resolution is to know whether there
! is a quorum m the House. 1 withdraw my ob-
jection. *•
j The question was then taken; and the resolu-
[ tion was adopted.
' Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
| ofthe House be suspended, and that the House
! resolve itspJf into the Committee of the Whole on
| the state of the Union, for the purpose of resum-
| jng the consideration ot the Pacific railroad bill.
FEES OF COLLECTORS.
Mr. WELLS asked and obtained unanimous
| consent, and presented a communication from
John White, collector of the port of Milwaukie,
: Wisconsin, asking for the repeal of the fmmh
section of the act of the 2d of March, 1«31, to
' regulate the foreign and coasting trade on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern i'ron-
I tiers, and for other pin-puses, as {-inhibits the re-
' ceipt of commissions by officers ot the customs
on said frontiers upon duuts on goods entered at
: their offices and paid thereat.
I The communication was inferred to the Com-
I mittee on Commerce.
