*
1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2199
By giving notice. When ? After the 3I^day of
December, 1854. If the English language had
been searched for the purpose of employing terms
so plam that there could be no dispute about them,
the matter could not have been made clearer.
Now, sir, look at the practical mode of doing
this thing. Congress is to give the notice. Flow ?
By a law, or by a joint resolution, which shall
declare that the notice provided for in a certain
law—referringfeto it—is hereby given ? When are
you authorized to do that? The law says ex-
pressly you may give that notice after a certain
time; that is to say, you may terminate the con-
tract after that time by giving the notice. Then,
1 ask, by what authority can you give the notice
sooner ?
Now, let me show the manner in which this
wtiuld operate in a business point of view. Sup-
pose Congress to-night should declare, in the lan-
guage of this bill as it now stands, that it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to give the
notice, I should liketo know if, at the next session
of this Congress, before the 31st of December
next, we could not repeal it? Will any Senator
deny that? It is only contended by the Senator
from Virginia that the notice is to beeffectiveafter
the31stday ofDecember. Then, 1 ask him,if Con-
gress to-night ffives the notice, may not Congress
on the 10th of December repeal the act giving the
notice? That shows at once that giving the notice
in this way is of no effect; but if Congress gives
the notice after the 31&tday of December next,
the contract is instantaneously terminated by law,
and any subsequent action by Congress short of
making a new contract, would be of no avail.
There can be no doubt about that.
1 am not prepared to say, sir, that Congress
may not direct the notice to be given by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, or by any other officer. That
I should not deny, because it might be construed
to be a notice given by Congress, appointing the
Secretary of the Navy as our agent to give it.
The plain language of the law is, that it is to be the
notice of Congress. Then,, when may Congress
give it? The answer is found in the language of
the law—" after the 31st day of December, 1854."
I know that this matter was put to a practical
test in the House of Representatives at the time
the arrangement for the additional allowance was
made. I do not know whether anything was
done in regard to it in the Senate. All sorts of
propositions were offered in the House of Rep-
resentatives to provide for giving the notice then
to take effect at a subsequent day, but it was
steadily voted down, and with great propriety.
The opinion of Congress to day may not be the
opinion of Congress after the 31st day of Decem-
ber next. It does not follow at all, that, if Con-
gress now deems it best to give this notice to
terminate the contract, that would be the determ-
ination of Congress after the 31st of December.
But, sir, certainly it is not important to reason in
respect to the causes which should operate to in-
duce the giving of this notice, for now the ques-
tion is as to the power to give it. There is one
thing I desire the Congress of the United States
shall adhere to, and that is strict, plain justice,
and avoid all attempts at exercising a disputed
authority. Where we hold the power, the power
of Congress is arbitrary*, and in many instances
it will be exercised here arbitrarily. In this case
it is disputed, and disputed by sound men, whether
the notice can be given before the time men-
tioned in the law. Sir, what becomes of a great
and powerful Government, the party on the one
side, and a company owning these mail steamers on
the other? It is for the Government not to exer-
cise a doubtful authority; and that is the best
phase that can be put upon this subject. Whether
Congress can exercise this authority now or
not is doubtful, because it is doubted by disinter-
ested and sound men.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me, I
beg leave to call his attention to the provision in
this b:ll. It is that the Secretary of the Navy "is
hereby directed, immediately after the 31st day
of December, 1854," to give the notice.
Mr. STUART. I understand that, and it is
the very thing I object to. It is that Congress
tries to evade the plain provision of the law, by
provid:iv~ now t! nt an officer of the Government
shall, attfi the 31st day of December, give the
tiotice. I say the plam provision of the lu & is, that
Congress is to terminate th's contract by giving
notice*, and where may Congress terminate it? Con- j
gress cannotgive the notice, Congress cannot direct \
anybody else to give the notice, until after the
31st of December next. Why, sir, to carry this
doctrine further, the next day after we entered
into the contract, Congress might have passed a
law directing the Secretary of the Navy, or any
other officer, to give the notice immediately after
the 31st of December, 1854; but does anybody
suppose that was the contemplation of Congress?
Did we know then how the contract would ope-
rate, what would be its resulting benefits to the
country, or anything at all about it? We are
short of that knowledge now. Hence the pro-
priety of adhering to the literal reading of the
law. In addition to the question of propriety, it
is a matter, in respect to which, if we hold the
power, it is a disputed power, in relation to its
present exercise, honestly and bonaJide disputed.
That being so, we should not seek to give an in-
terpretation to the law which is fairly disputed by
members of Congress, and also by the mail steamer
company. For myself, I will never consent to
such a thing. As to the interest of the mail
steamer company, itis a matter of no consequence
to me individually, but I never will consent that
the Government of the United States, by my vote
and action, shall undertake to turn peddlers and
stick at devices for the means of avoiding a plain
business provision of law.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I consider this
an abstraction at the piesent time. Evidently a
majority of the Senate is disinclined to concur in
that provision of the House bill, and 1 shall not,
therefore, consume the time of the Senate in re-
plying to the position taken on the other side,
though J think I could successfully maintain the
right of Congress at this time to provide, as the
bill provides, for the giving of the notice at the
period fixed in the contract, I merely wish to
notify the Senate that so soon as we shall have
disposed of this bill, 1 desire that they shall take
up and pass a most valuable little bill which has
passed the other House, known as the graduation
bill for the benefit of settlers on the public lands,
and I hope we shall have a vote on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the third section.
Mr. MALLORY. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the call-
ing of the roll was commenced, and Mr. Adams
answered to his name.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to a matter which seems to have
escaped general notice. 1 noticed it myself before,
but I was called out on a committee of conference,
and did not bring it to the attention of the Senate.
The third section, which it is moved to strike
out, includes both the Collins and the California
lines. 1 believe Senators generally are of opinion
that it only includes the California lines. It in-
cludes the Collins line also; and the question
ought to be divided in relation to it, because we
have different opinions in 1 elation to those lines.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not aware that it in-
i eluded the Collins line.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. I know the Senate gen-
l eraliy are under the same impression.
; Mr. WELLER. it can be reached by a mo-
| lion to reconsider, and then a division be de-
] manded, as there are two distinct propositions,
i Mr. CHASE. By unanimous consent, the call
can be dispensed with, as there is evidently a mis-
apprehension in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
If there be no objection, the call will be consid-
ered as withdrawn. There was no objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, I call for a division
of the section, and I ask that it be read.
It was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itjuvtj'e* hiacteti, That the arrangements
now pntaisonj: \b'r the tianspoitatiun of the mails fiom
New York to Liverpool; from New York, \ia Southamp-
ton to Bremen ; from New York, via Cowes, to Havre, and
back: from New York ro New Oiiean?, Cliarlotnn, Ha-
vana, and Chngres, and back ; from Panama to California,
and Oregon, and back: and from Charleston to Havana,
and back, b  teuninated as soon as. m the opuvon r>{ ihe
Fostma^er Geneial, it nitty be acme conMht^nity with the
public intents; and that tne Pnsl.mis.tor Gr-nei.d -hall
yive nonce of tuch term.rintiou aceoidm«:!y: Provided,
Thai, m'he opinion of the Pusunartor General, witli the
roneuireuee of' die Seereuiy or the Navj aud the Attorney
Gtiictfi! ot fiie Tinted Stales, the frame maj done- wifh-
ouf The violation of any comraU now lawiully bind-u^on
the United States; and that tho transportation of the mails
on these hnes be let to the lowest responsible bidders after
public advertisement.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the question is taken
on striking out that section, I move to amend it
by striking out the words " from York to
Liverpool; from New York, via Southampton,
to Bremen; from New York, via Cowes,to Havre
and back;" so that it shall read: 44 That the ar-
rangements now subsisting for the transportation
of the mail from New York to New Orleans,"&c.,
so as not to apply to the European steamers.
The question being taken on this motion to
strike out, resulted—yeas 16, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown,
Foot, Ge5*er, Gwm, Houston, James, Morton, Ru?k,
Seward, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and
Weller—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Clay, Cooper, "Daw-
sou, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpatrich, Hunter, John-
son, MaMory, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell, Sumner, Toucey.
and Walker—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the amendment to strike out the third section.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia moved to strike out the entire section. 1 un-
derstand that the question was divided, and that
we have juet voted on strikitfg out part, and, there-
fore, the question mustnow be on striking out the
residue.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My motion was to strike
out the entire section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division of
the question was called for, and the vote was taken
on striking out a part of it.
Mr. STUART. The motion of the Senator
from New York was to strike out part, but that
did not affect the other question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Have I not alight to move
to strike out the entire section?
Mr. GHASE. I ask for a division, so as to
confine the striking out to the portion on which
we have not voted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to move to strike out the whole section.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is my motion.
Mr. CHASE Is it not in order to divide it ?
Mr. ADAMS. A motion was made to strike
out the entire section. A motion was then made
to divide that, and it was rejected; and now the
motion to strike out the whole section is renewed.
I submit that a division cannot again be called for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refused to strike out part of the section; the ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to strike out the whole section-
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
that amendment, resulted—yeas 14, nays 19; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brodhead, Foot,
Geyer, Gvvin, James, MaNory, Morion, Rusk, Seward,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messis. Adams, Atchison, Bright, Chase, Coop-
er, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpatriek, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Johnson, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell, Sumner,
Toacey, and*VVeIler—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I now move to amend the bill by
striking out all of the first section after the word
" dollars." That section now reads;
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
]' erpuol and back, $-858,QU0; and that the Secretary of the
] Navy is hereby directed, immediately after the 31st day of
- December, 1854, to give the notice provided in the first
i] section of the act entitled " An act to supply deficiencies
I in the appropriations for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
II June. 1S53," approved the 21st dwy ot July, 1852, to term-
I inate'tbe ariangementfor the additional allowance for the
ii transportation of the United States mail between New
ji York and Liverpool, m the Collins line of steamers, as
i; therein provided.
!; My motion is to strike out the whole of this
II section after the appropriation, commencing with
ji the words " and that the Secretary of the Navy."
i Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment of the Senator from Texas wili pre-
vail, for two reasons. The first is that it is at
1 least questionable whether you are not committing
■ a breach of faith when you give the notice before
I the 31st day of December. I am inclined to the
; opinion that it is a direct violation of your own en.-
gagement with these parties. That engagement,
■ hccording to the fair construction of thelaw is this:
'{ We will pay you this sum until the 31st of De-
' rem her, 1*5-1, and after that time we will continue
to poy i«, u> we give you «iv
J
