1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
031
cember, without having made an election of Sena-
tor to fill the vacancy which had happened by the
decease of Mr. XJpham.
These are the facts of the case, and they pre-
sent this question directly to the Senate, and for
the first time. What is the effect of the failure of
the intervening session of the Legislature to fill
that vacancy by an election of a Senator, upon
the subsisting Executive appointment? My an-
swer is embraced in this general proposition,
which covers the wholeground, that an Executive
appointee holds to the end of the constitutional
term, unless superseded by a legislative election.
The correctness of this proposition it is my pur-
pose to endeavor to establish.
The constitutional provisions which relate to
the Senate of the United States are contained in
the third section of the first article of that instru-
ment; and so much as is material to the point
now under consideration, is m these words:
"The Senate of the United States shall hp composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof tor six years, and each Senator shall have one
vote."
This is the first clause of the section. The next
clause, after providing for the classification of
Senators, concludes in these words, and which
have been repeatedly cited:
" If vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise, du-
ring the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Execu-
tive thereof may make temporary appointments until the
next meeting of *,he Legislature, which shall then fill such
vacancies."
It will be observed, that by the first clause of
this section, the sole and exclusive authority to
elect Senators, in the first instance, or, in other
words, to make an original election, is conferred
upon the Legislature. No authority is conferred
upon the Executive, in any contingency, to make
the original appointment of Senator. In the event,
therefore, of the failure of a State Legislature to
make an original election at the proper time, a
vacancy must ensue, as there is no secondary or
provisional authority vested in the Executive or
other agent to make appointments of Senators to
succeed the expiration of a constitutional term.
There have been at the present session three in-
stances of vacancies in this body in consequence
of the failure of the State Legislatures to fill them
at the appointed time, by original election. These
were from Maine, North Carolina, and Missis-
sippi, two of which, we rejoice to say, have re-
cently been filled by legislative elections. There
being no secondary authority lodged by the Con-
stitution in the Executive or elsewhere to fill va-
cancies ensuing the expiration of a term, or even
to make temporary appointments to them, it is
conceded they must remain unoccupied until, by
the exercise of the primary appointing power—the
legislative power—elections shall be made to fill
them.
But it is the latter clause of the section which
more directly applies to ihecase in hand. Thefram-
ers of the Constitution, forseeing that vacancies in
the Senate would be likely to happen from inci-
dental causes, as by death, resignation, &c., which
could not be provided against nor anticipated by
the Legislature, conferred a provisional or second-
ary authority upon another party, to wit: the Ex-
ecutive, to act in the absence of the primary au-
thority, the Legislature. So they provided, that—
" If vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature ot any State, the Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments until the next
meeting of the Legislatuie."
The manifest object and purpose of this provis-
ion is to enable the States, at all times, to^ keep
their senatorial representation full, without incur-
ring the inconvenience, the expense, and delay of
convening the Legislature in special session to fill
these incidental vacancies.
in the case we are nowconsidering, the vacancy
happened during the recess of the Legislature.
The Executive, then, had authority tomakea tem-
porary appointment. It happened while Congress
was in session; there was occasion then for the
exercise of that authority. The appointment was
made. It was a valid, it was a constitutional ap-
pointment. The person appointed was clothed
with all the constitutional powers, rights, privi-
leges, and immunities, as fully as though he had
received his commission under the authority of a
legislative election. . Now, the question recurs,
what is the constitutional limitation of that ap-
pointment ? Or, in broader terms, if you please,
what is the tenure of an Executive appointment?
It will not be disputed, that if no legislative ses-
sion intervene, it runs to the end of the constitu-
tional term, as in a recent Georgia case. Mr.
Charlton, whose recenfedeath we have been pained
to learn, was appointed by the Executive of that
State to the vacancy which had happened by the
resignation of Mr. Berrien; and no legislative
session intervening, he held to the end of the
term. The Executive appointment in such cases
literally and technically Jills the vacancy, or, in
different phraseology, fills the broken term, as
completely as a legislative election. But if a
legislative session intervene—what then? Why,
if they make an election, that supersedes and puts
an end to the temporary appointment, we all con-
cede. But if the Legislature adjourn without
making an election—what then? What effect
i has it upon the temporary appointment? None
' whatever, I insist, and the temporary appointee
"continues to hold the office.
This whole question, I apprehend, turns upon
the application of the words of limitation in the
clause, " until the next meeting of the Legisla-
ture." I am aware that the general impression
has been, upon the first glance, that these words
applied to the appointments, that they limited the
appointments, the tenure of the office, to the "next
meeting of the Legislature;" and such is the form
of many of the commissions which have been
brought here under Executive appointments. And
i the discussions which have occasionally arisen
■ upon this clause of the Constitution have turned,
■ not so much upon the proper reference of the re-
i strictive words, as upon the import of the word
I " meeting" in that connection, which I will define
presently, according to my view of its true inter-
| pretation. But, I apprehend, that upon a more
; careful and critical examination, no one can fail
; to be satisfied that these words of limitation in the
j Constitution apply exclusively to the appointing
! power, and not to the tenure of the appointment.
The Constitution, and not the Executive, controls
the tenure of his appointments. " The Executive
may make temporary appointments." When?
Only when vacancies happen during the recess,
most certainly. How often may he make " tem-
porary appointments?" Just sooften, clearly,as
vacancies may happen during the recess. He may
make not only a single appointment, but a succes-
sion of appointments, in case of successive vacan-
cies happening during the recess. How long may
he continue to make " temporary appointments,
| in case of vacancies happening in the recess ?
j " Until the next meeting of the Legislature," and
| no longer, evidently, for you would otherwise
i bring the two separate and distinct appointing
\ agencies into conflict. Why is the Executive
| authority limited to vacancies happening in the
recess? Because, when they happen during the
session, the primary and principal authority is then
in a capacity or condition to act, and to fill the
vacancy. For the same reason, the Executive has
no authority to make appointments to vacancies
happening during the recess even, unless he exer-
cise it before the " next meeting of the Legisla-
ture." The secondary authority is restricted to
the absence of the primary. It is restricted to
the period of time between the adjournment of one
legislative session and the meeting of the next.
While the Legislature is in session, from its "meet-
ing" or commencement to its close, it Is in a con-
dition to act; and being the primary authority; it
necessarily suspends the secondary authority.
Will anybody pretend that the Executive author-
ity extends beyond the " next meeting of the Le-
gislature?" I venture to say not. What, then,
is the import of the word " meeting," in that con-
nection ? Most clearly it signifies the convening,
the coming together, the very commencement or
organization of the legislative session. To give
it the interpretation which has been often claimed
for it as synonymous with session, and compre-
hending the whole period of the legislative term
as a unit, punctum temporis, a point of time, you
carry the Executive authority along with it through
the whole session; for that authority being lim-
ited to the " next meeting," if " meeting" means
the session, and the whole session, then the Ex-
ecutive authority runs pari passu through the whole
session—a position which, I presume, nobody is
quite prepared to admit, much leas to defend.
This interpretation is corroborated by the use
of the word meeting in two other instances in the
same article. In the third clause of the first sec-
tion it is used in the following sentence:
"The actual enumeration shall be made within three
years after the first meeting of the Congress of the Ohited
States."
And in the second clause of the fourth section
of this article it is used in this connection:
"The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on the first Monday in De-
cember," &c.
In both these connections it is most clear that
the term meeting is used as signifying the assem-
bling, the coming together of the Congress, and
not as synonymous with- session. It would,In-
deed, be absurd to say of the Congress, " it shall
assemble every year, and such session shall be on
the first Monday in December."
On the other hand, the word session is em-
ployed in three instances in the same article, and
clearly as signifying the period of a term of Con-
gress, each term being subdivided into two parts
or sessions. In the fourth clause of the fifth Sec-
tion is this provision:
" Neither House, during the session of Congress, shall,
without the consent of the other, adjourn foi more than
three days."
Again, in the first clause of the sixth section it
is provided, that
" Senators and Representatives shall, in all cases, except,
&c., be puvileged from arrest during their attendance at
the session of their respective Houses.*5
And again, in the third clause of the second
section, it declares, that
" The President shall have power to fill up all vacancies,
&c., by granting commissions, which shall .expire at the
end of their next session."
In every instance wherein the terms ineeiingand
session are employed in the Constitution, they are
used in entirely distinct and different senses—the
one as signifying the assembling or convening to-
gether of the legislative body, and the other as
signifying and comprehending the duration of its
term.
11 appears to me to be very clear that the restric-
tive words in this clause of the Constitution have
exclusive reference to, and limit the appointing
power, and not the tenure of the appointment. If
I am right in this view, then there is no limitation
upon an Executive appointment, by any words,
expressed or implied, that can be drawn from the
Constitution, short of the expiration of the term,
unless it be superseded by a legislative election.
It is called a " temporary appointment," because
of its indefinite and uncertain" tenure, from its
liability to be terminated by legislative action; and
even when it runs to the end of the term, as
when no Legislature intervenes, it is still called
" temporary." The only limitation imposed upon
it short of the expiration of the Jerm is, that it is
subject to be terminated by the intervening action
of the primary power. It will be conceded that
the " temporary appointment" continues to the
end of the term, unless the primary power mean-
while comes into a condition or capacity to act.
If while in that condition it does act by making
an election, it is admitted, oil all hands, that it
puts an end to the " temporary appointment."
But what if the Legislature fail to elect ? How
does it affect the subsisting " temporary appoint-
ment?" Why should it arrest that? The very
act which puts an end to a "temporary appoint-
ment" is wanting. It requires the positive act of
an election to put an end to it; and if there be no
election, does that want of action produce the
same effect upon the " temporary appointment*'
as an actual election, by putting an end to it?
Does a failure to elect effect the same result in that
regard as an actual election? I confess it strikes
me very differently. I would rather say that the
practical inability of the Legislature, from disagree-
tnsnt or other c&ussj to mskc tin clcction wiii 6 in
session, was just as ineffectual to teimmate a
" temporary appointment" as the practical inca-
pacity of the Legislature to make an election while
not in session. .
if it be claimed that when the Legislature, with
whom is lodged the primary and original power,
shall fail to exercise it by electing a Senator,
when the duty devolves upon them, the Executive
cannot afterwards come in and supply the omis-
sion, I agree to that position fully, and for the
reason that the Constitution confers no authority
upon him to act in such cases. I agree that if va-
cancies happen during the sitting of the Legisla-
ture, and they fail to "fill such vacancies," the
