1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickies, their Secretary,
informing: the House that the Senate had passed a
bii! of the House of the following tble:
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending' 30th
June, 1855; with sundry amendments? thereto, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House. ]
Mr. HOUSTON. As the Senate have added a
very large amount of amendments to that bill, I
would like the fHouse to consent that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. 0R.R. 1 object to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I insist upon my mo-
tion to go into committee.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will not press that mouon, as I
desire to ask the unanimous consentof the House
to introduce a resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that my friend
from South Carolina will object to it, if X do not,
and therefore 1 insist upon my motion.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina will object when it suits ffts convenience to
do so.
The question was then put upon Mr. Houston's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. JiococK in the chair.)
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The CHAIRMAN. The subject under con-
sideration before the committee is House bill
(No. ^y5) to provide for the eatabhshmentof rail-
road and telegraphic communication between the
Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean, and for
other purposes; and upon that question the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Smiih] has the
floor.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, said that however
the bill appeared to the contrary, it was for build-
ing a railroad to the Pacific by the Government,
providing that the road shall be owned by the
Government; and moreover, that the Government
shall continue to be the owner of'all that part of it
which lies within the hunts of our national terri-
tory. This, in his view, was to be the essential
and controlling connection of the Government
with this load; and because this was to be its con-
nection, he rose to oppose this lull. •
Me need not. sav that he deeply desired to see
a railroad to the Pacific; and wiiat American did
not desno to see it? Commeire, travel, the love
of cottony, the love of each part for oilier part,
the deep hope in eveiy true American's breast
that our country will always be one, that we
«hall always make up one country; all these, and
numbeilews other consideiations, unite in calling
up feelings of this sort. We must have and should
have this essential connection; this iron band be-
tween the l£a«t and the West, between the Atlan-
tic and the Pacific. But, much as we have to
hope lor from this road, much j^ood as would
come of it, the evil which would flow from it,
were u built by the Government, would largely
oveibalance all the good. He hesitated not to
any we had better not have the road than have it
built by the Government.
Aftei eKplainini; hisxjews of civil government, |
lie said its sole and legitimate province was the |
protection of persons nnd property. lie glanced j
at and answered the aiguments in favor of the
bill, and then spoke in opposition to if, saying the i
building of this road, the repairs, and the use of
it by the Government, would cost at least fifty per > ■
cent, more than if done by individuals and asso-
c.iations. U whs highly probable there will be 'i
two or three railroads to the Pacific. In case one !:
abed] be owned by the Government, (he did not ;
cure whether by the Federal or the Slate govern- !
merit,) the Government will spare no means to 'i
sustain its road sajainst the competition of other
roads, and lavish money without stint to this end.
And how oppressive and injurious would this be
to individual owners of mads! Government!
should never array itself a^amst any portion of :■
lis ov\ n subjects in these ways.
He would not undervalue the use of one of those L
roads in iegurd to Government protection. He ||
would cheerfully vote that this Government should
give five or ten millions of dollars in aid of two or
three roads, provided they were built on widely
different routes. He did not say he would give
five or ten millions of acres, for he was of the
opinion that the Government does not own the
land. He denied that Government has anymore
ownership m the public domain than Satan had in
the kingdoms of the world with which he sought
to bribe out Saviour. The land belongs to the
landless.
He mentioned other objections against the bill,
one of winch was, that it would perpetuate the
cruel and oppressive tariff system. Then fare-
well to all our hopes of honest and frugal govern-
ment, bearing lightly on the poor.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, obtained the
floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from Lou-
isiana yield me the floor for a moment*
Mr. PERKINS. As the gentleman from Mis-
souii [Mr. Piillps] desires to make a peisonal
request of the House, I yield him the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. I have obtained the floor for
the purpose of submitting a motion that the com-
mittee do now rise. The object I have in making
it is to enable the committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
deficiency bill, to submit their report, that action
may be hud upon it now." I therefore submit the
motion that the committee rise.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Phelps's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee (Mr. Bocock) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
llouwe bill No. yi)5, being a hili to establish the
Pacific railroad, &c., and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
TIIE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed
by the committee of conference on the part of the
House of Repiesentatives to submit, a report on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
deficiency bill.
i The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of eonicience on the disagre* mp votes;
of the two Houses on the hill (II. II., No. ^71) " to siip-
j ply deficiencies in the impropriations lor the nt;i vice of tin:
) IimmI year endm y the tin Hi el ii of J une, 1H.) I,'' havmy met,
1 nltfr ftill and iree conference, have agreed to iceommond,
• :md do iccoinmeud lo their respective Ilotws, as tollows •
j That the Senate do concur in ihe amendments of ihe
j notice to the amendments oi the Semite Humbert d-I, 10,
j W, 4.}, and •!(>. |
I That the somite concur Willi the amendments of the
House, except the lir-t amendmcnr to the tiltcenth amend |
j nii'iil of the Senate, Willi which ihe Hon&e concurs with |
[ an amendment by ^ti iktiiLf nut the woid ''tour,1' m hue 1
j eleven, and in heti thereof i n<ei tun* " tlitee "
j That the Senate rcct de tioin its amendments numbered
\ 11, 1*2, hi, at), '25, 20, -10. 42, 'IS, r,'jt and S'.l
That the Housceoncm in Senate amendments numbeiud
| 30 and.}?. !
| That the Hou^e concur in Senate amendment numbered 1
i 21, Willi the following amendment: Strike out all alter ihe i
j word k> foi" in the first line, to and mcludnur the word ;
j k' himin the second tine, and la-eit u deficiencies tor the !
, railroad survey* " I
That the House concur in the Senate amendment num-
, bered 41, with the following amendment* Strike out all afiei j
i the word u dollars-," in hue thiee. and insert, " Provided, j
j That there he allowed to the legal rcpte-sentafives of Robert ]
: (J leeuhow mk Ii .-aim, in addition to that received by him,as j
together will make I.is salary for the tunc he was* employed I
as assistant law airent, equal to th.it authorr/ed to he paid ■
to the land connm-sioneis by the act of .'td March, 1 j
makniL'appi opnatious tor the civil and diplomatic expenses i
ot-<.\>vernmen( for the j oar ending 'lie .*Mth o| June, 1S.">1 " i
And that the House concur m the amendment of the Sen- I
ate nmnbeied .">1, with the following amendment: Stuke I
out all after the word '• him," in the eleventh line thereof. 1
V ST T. HTXTKlt, j
J AMUS JONKS, i
WILLIAM M. (JWIN, j
Managers on the j'urt oj the Senate. \
JOHN' S PIJELi'rf, I
J. LKTCHKK, j
JOSI',1%1 il CHANDLER,
Mana^cri on the part of JIo. of Ilcpi.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire, Mr. Speaker, briefly
to explain to the Hou.se the recommendations of !
the committee of conference. The first amend- :
ment of the bill to which there is a disagreeing
vote is Senate amendment No. 4, which is as fob ;
lows: ,j
Foi payment of the claim of Tnoinns AT. Johnson for his
services as maishal at the port of Shanghai, from the Dth
of December, 1851, to the 15th of September, 1853, the
sum of &l,798 9L
In this esse the amendment is a mere verbal one.
In the original amendment of the Senate, the name
of Mr. Johnson is printed as Thomas M. instead
of Thomas N. There is also a trifling reduction in
the amount appropiiated. In the Senate amend-
; ment, the amount was $l,79fci 91, but in the
; House this was reduced to $1,781 74. The Sen-
ate agiees to accept these amendments of the
House.
[ The next amendment of the Senate on which
j theie was a disagreeing vote was .No. 10, which
; is as follows:
1 For completing and keeping in order the grounds south
of the President's House,.5*9,770.
| The House adopted an amendment to this
; amendment, making an appropriation of $1,000
i for settees for the Capitol and President'sgrounds.
. This is concurred in by the Senate.
| The next amendment of the Senate to which
j theie was a disagreeing vote was JNo. 38, as fol-
! lows:
I Page fourteen, after line three hundred and twenty-five,
i in^eit a* follows *
s And the limitation? imposed by the provision* contained
in the act of 15th Mav, 1*50, entitled "An act to supply de-
ficiencies m the appiopriations for the service of the fiscal
Var ending the HUth ot June, 1851)," and the act ot 3d
j Maich, 1^53, entitled uAn act making appropriations for
; the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government tor the
year ending the 30th of June, 1851," be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
I The House so amended the amendment as to
strike it all out, and insert:
And that the penod limited for the appointment of com-
missioner, surveyor, and chief astronomer, by the act of
May. 1850, shall be, and the same is hereby, extended to
the 30th of June, 1855.
The next amendment on which there was a
disagreeing vote is Senate amendment No. 39, as
follows:
For engraving maps, views, sections, and natural his-
tory, of the survey of the boundary between the United
States and Mexico, 10,000 ; to he expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
The House adopted an amendment to this
amendment, providing for the payment of the cost
of engraving; the plates of the agricultural part of
the Patent Office report. The Senate concurs in
that amendment.
' The next amendment on which there was a
; disagreeing vote was Senate amendment JNo. 43,
i as follows:
i That the frVeietaiv of the Interior be, ami he is hereby,
; dneeted to examine The claims presented hy certain cfitm-
i tie* o! the late Ten 1 lory of low a, for expense? of the United
States district court winch were paid hy said counties pnor
; to tlie adnn-sioi) of'r'aid Temtoi y into the Union as a State ;
1 and it', upon such examination, he is satisfied that, prior to
1 said time, the said counties have paid money which, in
, <u ( ordauce with the insli net ions of the First Comptroller
I oi the Tteasurv, dated December 19, 1^-13, should have
been paid by the marshal ot the United States for said Ter-
ritory, he is directed to audit and allow the same.
The amendment of the House was in the form
of a substitute, as follows:
That the First Comptioller of the Treasury he, and bets
hereby, directed to examine ihe claim*- presented bv certain
counties of the lateTnritoij of Iowa, lor expenses ot the
United States district comt, winch were paid by said coun-
ties prior to tin; admission oi said Territory into the Union
as a Sfate ; and if, upon such examination, he is satisfied
that, prior to said time, the said counties have paid money
which, in accordance with the instructions of the First
C'omptioller ot the.Treasury, dated IUth ot December, 1813,
as construed in the repoit of said Fir.-t Comptroller to the
; Sf.cu tary of the Interior, under date of 13th of October,
; 1853, in left n nee to sayi <iib|eet, should have been paid by
the mai--h.il of the United States for said Territory, he is
directed to audit and settle tiie same.
The Senate concur ill this amendment of the
House.
The forty-sixth amendment of the Senate was
to add to the end of the bill the following:
Jlnd he itfurthei enacted, That all books, papers, doc-
uments, and reconiSj m the Department ot the Interior,
ni!i\ he copied and certified, under the seal of that Depart-
ment. (which is hereby recognized as legal,) m the .same
in.inner a< thoae in the othei Executive Departments may
now by law be, and with the fame foiceand etl'eet.
The amendment of the House was to add:
And in all cases wheie a seal is neccf^an hy law lo any
commission, process, or other instrument, ptovuled tor bv
the law of Confess, it shall be lawful to affix the proper
seal by making an nnpic^on theiewith dneetly on the
par>ei to which t!ic mm! i- tieee—;irv ; which ahall be as
valid as if made upon wax or other buhstance.
In that amendment of the House the committee
of conference recommend that the Senate concur.
The fiftieth amendment of the Senate is as fol-
lows:
