THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Executive has no authority to make appointments
to them. And t agree,-further, that if vacancies
happen during the recess of the Legislature, and
the Executive omits to make appointments to them
until the " next meeting of the Legislature," he
cannot, thereafter, make appointments to " such
vacancies," even though the Legislature should
fail to fill them; and the reason is clearly that
hisauthority ceases with the convening of the Le-
gislature. The secondary authority then yields
to the primary, and cannot be resumed, even
though the antecedent vacancy remain unfilled by
the action of the Legislature. When the Legisla-
ture ftave had the opportunity to perform theduty
enjoined upon them by the Constitution of electing
a Senator, either originally or to fill an existing
vacancy, and yet fail to perform that duty, there
is no authority conferred upon the Executive to
meet the contingency by supplying the omission,
i^nd that is the full extent of the decisions in the
case of Mr. Johns, of Delaware, in 1794, and m
the case of Mr. Lanm^n, of Connecticut, in 1825,
both of whose appointments were overruled by the
Senate. And since those decisions, I am not
aware that any Executive has attempted to assume
the exercise of the authority in such instances.
So in this case, if no Executive appointment had
been made before the meeting of the Legislature,
and.the Legislature having failed to fill the vacancy
when it had the opportunity, the vacancy must
have continued until filled by the subsequent ac-
tion of the Legislature, or until it expired by its
own limitation. But non constat that an Execu-
tive appointment, previously and constitutionally
made, and still subsisting, shall cease, or be in any
manner affected by such failure of action or omis-
sion of duty on the part of the Legislature. The
Legislature, when in a conditinn to act, we admit,
has the exclusive jurisdiction of the election, and
consequently suspends the provisional power; but
its operation upon an appointment previously and
duly made, I respectfully submit, depends upon
the exertion and not upon the mere existence of the
superior power. Indeed, strictly speaking, the
legislative power is a continually existing power,
though its condition for exertion is only occasional.
When that power is not exerted, though m a ca-
pacity for exertion, it is as inoperative upon the act
of the Executive as its passiveness when not in a
capacity for exertion.
Let us take another view. Suppose the conclud-
ing words of the clause «■ shall then fill such va-
cancies" which, for the purposes of this argument,
we will regard as mandatory upon the Legislature,
had been omitted. That would have left the ex-
clusive power with the Legislature, where it now
is, to fill vacancies happening during its sessions;
and with the Executive to fill vacancies happen-
ing during the recess; and his appointments in that
case would Unquestionably run to the end of the
constitutional term, without regard to an inter-
vening Legislature. How are his appointments
any more or otherwise affected, when the man-
date is in force, but not obeyed ? Or, suppose the
direction to the Legislature to " fill such vacan-
cies" had left it discretionary with them to " fill
the vacancies" or not, as they should think best;
and in the exercise of thtit discretion, they should
deem it best not to fill the vacancy in a particular
case? Would that discretionary omission to act
arrest a subsisting "temporary appointment?"
Or would it still continue? Undoubtedly it would
continue. How then, tell me, does the neglect or
refusal of the Legislature to execute a mandatory
order, any more than would their omission to ex-
ecute a discretionary order, affect the " temporary
appointment?" In either case, the very act is
wanting which is necessary to arrest and super-
sede that appointment.
Again: It has been insisted in argument that the
"temporary appointment" ceases with the author-
ity which conferred it. According to this theory,
the appointment must cease at the very opening, the
commencement of the next legislative session; for,
beyond all dispute or cavil, that is the limit of the
Executive authority. But this construction is op-
posed to the uniform usage of the Senate for more
than forty years. From the time of the case of
Mr. Smith, of Maryland, in 1809, to the case of
Mr. Winthrop, of Massachusetts, in 1851, and
even to the case of Mr. Cathcart, of Indiana, at
the last session of Congress, Senators holding
under Executive appointments have been allowed,
not merely without question of their right, but by
the deliberate and expressed judgment of the Sen-
ate, to retain their seats here for weeks and for
months after the commencement of the next Legis-
lature, and consequently for weeks and for months
after the specific authority which conferred the
appointments had ceased. 4t is enough to say that
this theory is inconsistent with the long and set-
tled usage of the Senate. Besides, if it be insist-
ed, as it not unfrequently has been, that the words
of limitation apply both to the power and to the
appointment, you are then met with this difficulty.
The same identical words which apply to the one
apply also to the other; and it is clear, beyond
all doubt or controversy, that the power ceases at
the moment of the meeting of the Legislature;
but, by a practical construction too long settled
and acquiesced in, established by precedents too
often repeated, and too numerous now to treat it
as an open question, the apptjintment runs beyond
that period of time, and, consequently, .beyond
the limit of the appointing power. The same
words, in the same connection, cannot be applied
in a restricted sense to the power, and in a latitu-
dmous sense to the appointment. The theory fur-
nishes but another exemplification of the argu-
mentum ad absurdwn.
If the fact ot the superior authority, the Legis-
lature, coming into a condition to act and to dis-
charge its constitutional functions and duties, ipso
facto, suspends or annuls the provisional ap-
pointment, as the minority of your committee
seem to think, then it must do so at the instant of
its organization, for at that moment it has assumed
its full capacity to act. By what rule of logic, of
reason, or analogy, then, may the provisional
appointment hold until the superior authority is
itself suspended by adjournment of the Legisla-
ture, and no longer? This theory must fall, or
your precedents are all wrong. To maintain the
one is to overrule the other. I invite to the task
the logical powers of any man, of any Senator,
to reconcile the settled practice of the Senate with
the theory that the tenure of the provisional ap-
pointment is limited to, and terminated by, the
" next meeting of the Legislature."
Again, Mr. President, if the -#ord "meeting,"
as used m this connection, signifies'the opening_or
beginning of the session, as it manifestly does, then
whenever you have allowed Senators under " tem-
porary appointments " to hold their seats here
after the " next meeting of the Legislature," and
until they were actually superseded by an election
by that Legislature, as you have uniformly done
these forty years, you have so far forth given a
practical recognition of the construction 1 contend
for, that "temporary appointments" continue
until superseded by an actual election; and thus,
virtually, if there be no election, that they con-
tinue to the end of the constitutional term. One
of these events must occur to terminate them. I
say, then, that the expiration of the term, or the
interposition of a legislative election, is the only
limitation upon an Executive appointment consti-
tutionally made; and you have not the authority
of an adjudged case upon your Journals adverse
to this proposition. These " temporary appoint-
ments, by their terms, and from their nature,
are not, and cannot be, and were never intended
to be, subject to the law of a fixed limitation.
They are analogous to the ordinary cases of pro
tempore appointments which hold until superseded
by the possession of the principal, or terminated
by the expiration of the term of the office. The
very object of a " temporary " or pro tempore ap-
pointment is to hold the place of a principal, and
to hold during the absence or the want of a prin-
cipal; and while holding it, is invested with the
attributes of a principal, and therein differing from
a mere locum tenens.
It is said by the dissenting members of your
committee, that a " Senator, under an Bxecutive
appointment, may or may not represent the polit-
ical views of his State; that he may be the mere
personal favorite of the Governor." However
this may be, it furnishes no argument against our
construction, inasmuch as that construction does
not at all interfere with the right and authority of
the Legislature to supersede or to reaffirm that
appointment. If they do not supersede it, the
fair inference is, so far as any may be drawn, that
the Executive appointee represents the political
sentiment of the Legislature and of the State; and
at any rate that they are unable to elect another
more acceptable to them.
Looking, then, at the language of this provis-
ion of the Constitution, and having regard to
its obvious purpose in connection with the rights
and interests of the States, I have at least sat-
isfied my own judgment that this is the most rea-
sonable, the most just, and the most natural con-
struction that can he-put upon it. I will add,
moreover, that this provisional clause, pertaining
as it does to the right of representation in "the
States, its object being to secure to them a full rep-
resentation in the Senate of the United States
against incidental contingencies, like remedial stat-
utes, should be construed liberally; so construed,
as far as its language will admit, as most effectu-
ally to accomplish the beneficial end in view. If
its language were of doubtful import, it should be
construed most favorably to the States.
A fall and equal representation in this body, at
all times, is one of the most important rights, as
well as one of the highest privileges, guarantied to
the States by the Constitution. So careful were
its framers to guard this right against infringe-
ment, that, in the fifth article, defining the mode
of making amendments to the Constitution, they
add this proviso: "That no State, without its
consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in
the Senate."
I trust that in no case, and in no manner, will
this right and privilege be abridged by artificial
or forced construction. We are not asking you
to "create a Senator" for us; but we ask you
to allow us to be represented by a Senator created
by the proper authority under your Constitution,
whose appointment has not been superseded, and
whose term of service has not run out by the lim-
itation of the office.
The decision of this question affects not the
present case alone, but all other cases of a similar
kind which may hereafter arise; and they are
likely to occur with more frequency with the in-
creasing number of States, and the consequent
increasing number of Senators, and, perhaps, I
may add, with the increasing number of political
organizations. This is not a question for Ver-
mont alone, but for every State in thetjnion. The
present is a most favorable time for the impartial
judgment of the Senate upon it. The duplicate pre-
ponderance of'political strength upon the ooposite
side of the Chamber, and acorresponding feebieness
of numbers upon this side, repel all apprehension,
which might perhaps be entertained in a more
ejjual division of parties, that political prejudices
or predilections can enter, in the smallest degree,
into its consideration and decision.
Mr. President, I have feltit due to the relations
in which I stand, and especially due to the State
in whose behalf I am authorized to speak and to
act here, to express the views I entertain upon the
question before the Senate. The case having been
brought before us, it calls for the action of the
Senate. I claim, in behalf of my State, that my
colleague is entitled to retain his seat upon this
floor as a Senator from "Vermont. He was duly
appointed. The vacated term to which he was
appointed has not expired. His appointment has
not been superseded by a legislative election. It
was not terminated by the "meeting" of the Le-
gislature, you have longand oftendecided. It was
not terminated by the adjournment of the Legis-
lature, by any words or by any theory! you can
torture from the Constitution. It has not, in short,
been touched by the action, much less by the non-
action of the Legislature.
I have said all I intended to say, or deem it ne-
cessary to say for the present, on this question.
The views I have ventured to express are the
convictions of my ownjudgment. I have expressed
them with some degree, I hope not an unbecoming
: degree, of confidence, yet with themost respectful
\ deference to the dissenting opinion of the learned
I Senators of the minority of your committee, and
of those concurring with them. I have expressed
them with the more confidence, however, since I
find, that upon the main point in discussion they
accord with the views of the majority of your
Committee on the Judiciary, and of other learned
Senators, whose opinions upon questions of Con-
stitutional construction are entitled to the highest
consideration. Without pursuing the argument
further, I submit the question to the considera-
tion and judgment of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. It is known to many Senators
that it IS necessary to have ein Executive session
to-day. I therefore move that the further eonsid-
