2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
\
\ feii
\ ba
Xgne
pii
On. motion by Mr. Hunter, it was ordered
that the Senate insist on their amendments, and
agree to the. conference asked by the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and that the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate be appointed
by the President pro tempore; and Mr. JNorris,
Mr. Mallort, and Mr. Sudell, were appointed.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. We have provided for
almost every class of individuals, as well as cor-
porations. Now let us provide for another and a
different class of citizens, who are eminently enti-
tled to the consideration of this body. A bill has
been sent to us from the House, granting preemp-
tion rights to actual settlers upon public lands. It
is called a bill to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands to actual settlers and cultivators.
I move that it be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, aB
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill.
It proposes to direct that all of the public lands
of the United States which shall have been in
market for ten years or upwards, prior tolhe time
of application to enter them, under the provisions
of the bill, and still remaining unsold, shall be
subject to sale at the price of one dollar per acre;
all that shall have been in market for fifteen years
or upwards, and still remaining unsold, shall be
subject to sale at seventy-five cents per acre; all
that shall have been in market for twenty years
or upwards, and still remaining unsold, shall be
subject to sale at fifty cents peracre; all that shall
have been in market for twenty-five years and up-
wards, and still remaining unsold, shall be subject
to sale at twenty-five cents per acre; and all that
shall have been in market for thirty years or
more, shall be subject to sale at twelve and a half
cents per acre; but the provision is not to be so
construed as to extend to lands reserved to the
United States, in acts granting lands to States for
railroad or other internal improvements, or to
mineral lands held at over one dollar and twenty-
five cents peracre.
Upon every reduction in price, theoccupantand
settler upon the lands is to have the right of pre-
emption at such graduated price, upon the same
terms, conditions, restrictions, and limitations,
upon which the public lands are now subject to
the rjght of preemption until within thirty days
preceding the next graduation or reduction that
shall take place; and if not so purchased, shall
again be subject to the right of preemption for
eleven months, as before, and so on, from time to
time, as reductions take place; but it is not to be
so construed as to interfere with any right which
has or may accrue by virtue of any act granting
preemption to actual settlers upon public lands.
Any persons applying to enter any of the lands are
to be required to make affidavit, before the register
or receiver of the proper land office, that they
enter them for their own use, and for the purpose
of actual settlement and cultivation, or for the
use of an adjoining farm or plantation owned or
occupied by them, and, together with that entry,
they have not acquired from the United States,
under the provisions of the bill, more than three
• hundred and twenty acres, according to the estab-
' lished surveys; and if any persons taking such
oath or affidavit shall swear falsely in the premises,
•they are to b8 subject to all the pains and penalties
of perjury.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is a very important
bill; and I beg to suggest to my friend from Ala-
bama the propriety of not acting upon it until the
ext session, after we shall see what the House of
epresentatives does with the land bill which we
■§«ntte.them. 1 am in favor of graduating and
reducing the price of the public lands. I shall go
for this bill when I can ascertain that the House
of Representatives either refuse to act upon the
bill which we have sent them, or reject it. We
ought to retain the power in our hands. If the
House pass the other bill, it would be quite unne-
cessary to pass this, because it contains the same
thing as is contained in that bill. It is a more
comprehensive bill than this; and certainly while
that is pending before the House of Representa-
tives, we should not act upon this. We can lose
nothing by pursuing the course which I suggest.
We may earn by it.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. I will say to my friend
from Pennsylvania, that the bill to which he refers
is more comprehensive than this* and makes ap-
propriations of all the public lands. I will say,
in addition, that there is a necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill to protect a meritorious class of
citizens, it does not interfere with the bill which
is before the House. It will not impede its pro-
gress, or affect it m the least. It provides for a
class of citizens who now require protection at
the hands of the Government—a class settling
upon the public lands, and who, unless it is passed,
will remain unprotected until the next session of
Congress. 1 trust my friend from Pennsylvania
will not interpose objection to it. The bill which
is before the House 1 trust will become a law. It
not only makes a disposition of a portion of the
public lands, but it disposes of the whole of them.
This is partial, I admit, and is required to be par-
tial, because it is confined to actual settlers. They
are not able to help themselves, and they appeal
to Congress to shield and protect them. If I be-
lieved that this bill would defeat the other, I should
by no means urge it; but it will not do that.
Mr! CHASE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CHASE. The amendment which I pro-
pose to offer, and which I have sent to the Secre-
tary's desk, is the homestead bill. The House
has signalized its action this session by passing
two great measures in respect to the disposition of
the public lands. One is the homestead bill; the
other is the graduation bill. The homestead bill I
affords to every industrious settler an opportunity
to acquire a home upon any part of the public
lands without exception. This bill undoubtedly
has some merit, but it is a merit of an inferior de-
gree to the homestead bill; for the homestead bill
enables the industrious settler to acquire a home
anywhere upon gmy part of the public lands, ex-
cept, of course, the reserved portions. This bill
proposes to confine them to refuse lands, lands
which have been in the maiket for many, many
years. Now, sir, I have already said that I do not
wish to detain the Senate a moment, at this late
stage of the session. There are provisions in that
bill which are objectionable to me; there are pro-
visions which are objectionable to other Senators;
but it is the bill which the House has agreed upon;
and I prefer to take that, and to take both meas-
ures together. I hope the Senate will agree to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The Chair is under the impression
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. CHASE. For what reason ?
The PRESl DING OFFICER. For the reason
that it is contrary to all parliamentary law and
usage to put one bill as an amendment upon an-
other. An amendment may be moved to strike
out and insert, but not in this form.
Mr. CHASE. I certainly takean appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I should not do so if
the Senate, at this very session, and at this very
sitting, had not determined that question the other
way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is very
true; but it is contrary to what the Chair believes
to be the rule.
Mr. CHASE. But the Senate determined it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,, Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate ?
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the whole subject
lie upon the table; for at this time, F appeal to my
11 friends to know whether it is fair to have legisla-
ij tion of this magnitude, when, by implication, no
ij such measures ought to be taken up. When my
;j friend from Alabama made his motion, I knew it
j, would lead to these other amendments.
!; Mr. CHASE. I rise to a question of order.
An appeal is pending, and while that is the case,
I suppose no motion that the subject lie on the
I table can be made.
j| The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
ji takes precedence of any other.
Mr. FITZPATRICK called for the yeas and
' nays, and they were ordered, and taken as fol-
!i lows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Butler
II Pawson, and Fool—6.
Messrs. /:Oams, Atplnsoa, Benjamin, Brown,,
Chase, Clay, Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mailory, Morion, PetUt, Kutk, Sebastian, Seward, Slideil,
Stuart, Sunmer, Wade, Walker, and Wuller—27.
So the motion that the subject lie upon the
table was not agreed to.
Mr. COOPER.— I move that the Senate take
a recess until ninex>'clock.
Mr. CHASE. Is that in order, while this
question is pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion is
in order except to adjourn, until the appeal is dis-
posed of. The question is on the appeal.
Mr. BROWN. I move that when the Senate
adjourn, it be to meet at ten o'clock.
Mr. PETTIT. We want an Executive ses-
sion. Nominations are to be received and acted
Upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot be entertained while the other question is
pending.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess until t$n o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not in
order.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ until ten o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not in
order. The hour of meeting is already fixed by
a resolution.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration *of the graduation bill. The
order was made. The Senator from Ohio moved,
as an amendment to that, the homestead bill.
The Chair decided it not to be in order as an in-
dependent proposition, and contrary to the rules
of the Senate. From that decision the Senator
from Ohio appealed. If offered as a substitute, il
would be in order, but not as an independent
proposition.
Mr. CHASE. The Chair, I understand, de-
cides that it is contrary to the rules of the Senate.
I want to know if there is a rule of that sort?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHASE. I ask for the reading of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that it is contrary to parliamentary law and
usage to offer one bill as an amendment to another.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say a word on that
question. The subject pending before the Senate
is the disposition of the public lands.- A bill has
been taken up providing for the disposition of the
public lands to actual settlers for a limited price.
I move to amend that bill by adding certain sec-
tions, providing for the granting of those lands
without price. It is a part of the system of dis-
position. Now, sir, in the Houseof Representa-
tives, and here, there is nothing more common,
and there has been nothing more common from the
commencement of my service in this body up to
this time, than to amend a bill precisely in that
form; and if the Senate now determine this to be
out of order, it will reverse its whole practice.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed an act to constitute Pilatka and Bay-
port, in the State of Florida, ports of delivery
respectively, and Keokuk and Dubuque, in the
State of Iowa.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the bill from
the Senate, to change the name of the Ameriean-
built brrg Glamorgan to that of Wizard.
Also, that they had passed a joint resolution
making appropriation for the payment of those
entitled to the benefits of the resolution of the
House of Repiesentatives of the United States,
passed August 3,1854, voting extra compensation
to pages, folders, and others, in which they re-
! quested the concurrence of the Senate.
; ARM Y APPROPRIATION BlIX.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some, and disagreed to other pmend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropnu,-
