1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Psovu'e-I* Tn.tt there be allowed to the legal represpnt-
anve.*-')! Robert Greenhow, such ?um, m addition to mat
mx-ivtd bv him, a-< altogether will make lu.-i .-alary, tor the
nine fie was employed ab a$>i*rant law agent, equal to that
autreuw.ed to be ,.Mid to the lami commissioner by the act
of thedd ot March, 1853, tnakuigapproprianons for ihe civil
and diplomatic expanses ot the Government lor the year
ending the &>th June, 1834.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that amendment
to increase the salary of the law agent?
Mr. PHELPS. Only tliat of the associate law-
agent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regard it as a permanent ■
increase of salary. I
Mr. PHELPd. It is not a permanent increase j
of salary utidll. ltonly asksthattheamounr named j
shall be paid to the legal representatives of Robert I
Greenhow, during that period of time when he j
was employed upon his duties. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. F wish to inquire i
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] if,
he can inform the Hou.se how long Mr. Green- |
how was employed a* assistant law agent? i
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Greenhow was engaged
there tlniteen months and a haif in the discharge
of his duties, i do not know the time of his
death.
Mr. JONES. Is his salary by law $5,000?
Mr. PtlELPS. It is. <
Mr. J02nES. Does this bill propose to make ;
it &8,000? !
Air. PHELPS. It does. j
Mr WALSH. I will ask why the proposition j
is stated in such a round about, circuitous, and j
mysterious manner? Why does not i he amend-t
nii-iit state the amount without lefeinng us to an- s
other ofiic? ;
Mr. PHELPS. I would prefer, myself, if the !
language wan a little more explicit and definite, j
But m a committee of conference there must, of j
necessity, he mutual concessions.
Mr. WALSH. It looks very suspicious now. :
Mr. PHELPS. I would have preferred my- i
self that (he amount should have been specifically !
stated But I have stated to the House what \
would he the effect under it. 1 have no disguise j
ubout it
Mr. LETCHER* (to Mr. Vnvuvs.) What is
the qoe^Don made by the gentleman from New
York, fMr. W^isii?j j
Mr. PHELPS. He inquires why the amount ,
to be paid to the legal representatives of Mr. 1
Greenhow was not specified m so many dollais, 1
instead of having been provided for m the manner >
in which u appears hero? I
Mr. LETCHER. Well, Mr. Speaker, my I
colienjMie on that committee {Mr. Pnicu's] will
rcco!hc,t that wc tned to get the amount clearly
speci(]i d.
Mr PHELPS I have so stated.
The next matter tn the report is, "that the
Rouse concur m the amendment of the Senate
numbered 51, with the following amendment; 1
strike out nil after the word ' linn,' in the eleventh .
line therof.' "
The amendment will then stand as follows:
Si:<\ 7. Jlv.it be it Jitillu-r niiMtpil, That the portion of
the -i vriith rti'fti' o o| tlo: act ol •i ' lh Aiim^t, IH.V2, en-
Uiled '• Anai'l to provide h r execuiiny; the public pmit-
nit; ami eMabluhinj: ihe puces then ol, and toi other piu-
po-fs." w inch prov itlo v- that when any document shall
}>.• .mien fl to he punteil bv both Hon -e< of Con^res-, the
entire prinnni; n< mi h document-* s-hull be done by the
printer o! that IIoumj winch tir-u oidered the same," h
Ih'i f f>) i fpeal'-d ; and when thei o ai e di tl> r  ni pi i n tet « lor
the te-p- etiw Mou^e^, each -hail do the piintini,' which
in.iv in-icalMT be ordejed by the House elcctini; him.
This is the amendment pros idtrg for the public
printing;. The Committee of Ways and Means
of the House of Representatives recommend that
the House should concur in this amendment,
with an amendment by striking out ail after the
wr-nl "hnn," in the eleventh line, i will read
that por'iou of the Senate's amendment which
will be struck out if the recommendation of the
committee of conference should be adopted :
And so much of the printon.' tor the executive Depart-
ment-; ami bureaus of ilie Govei ument a> is ord< red bv the
&aid act i" be flone t>y the public printer,--hall be equally
div'dej between tbu pnntcis ot the two [lmjso.<.
Tins was an amendment which, when the mat-
ter w is discussed in the Committee of the Whole,
the ^o nnut'ee of Ways and Mennsur^ed should
hp y.'lnp.e.l It wa-? adopted in Committee of the
Whoir: but, .at the same tune, the committee
struck out the entire amendment. The effect of
adopting the recommendation of the committee of
conference on this point will be this: that each
House will control its own public printing as
formerly; and, so far as the Executive printing is
concerned, which is directed by the law regulating
the manner of executing the public printing, and
the prices to be paid therefor, it will be done by
either of the public printers whom the Executive
Departments may select. That portion of the
Senate's amendment regulating this, on the prin- .
ciple of equal division, was impracticable, and
could not be executed. That regulation could not
be executed, because it required the departmental
piinting to be equally divided between the two
public printers, for the purpose of avoiding all
difficulty in relation to thus matter; and they have
already got into difficulty about it The commit-
tee of conference have lecommended to the two
Houses aconcut rence m the fifty-first amendment,
amended by striking out that portion of it which
1 have last iead. I understand that this recom-
mendation is also acceptable to those engaged as
the public printers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I must ask for the previous
question on the adoption of the report of the
committee of conference. I am still leady, how-
ever, to give any explanation that may be asked
for in connection with it.
Mr. M EACH AM. I want to know whether
there can be a division of the vote on this ques-
tion? Theie are some of these recommendations
of the committee for which 1 can vote vei y cheer-
fully, and for some I cannot vote at all. Rut if
we must take the whole report, and vote for or
against the adoption of it, I will vote against it.
The SPEAKER, ft must be voted for as a
whole.
Mr. MEACHAM. Then I call for the yeas
and nays on the acceptance of the import.
Mr. WHEELER, i move that there be a call
of the 1 Louse.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this to say to the gen-
tleman from Veimont [Mr. Me\cuam] and to the
House—and for the present I withdraw the call
for the pievious question. With reference to the
report of a committee of conference, probably no
member can go on such a committee and expect
always to obtain his own wishes, or expect al-
ways to obtain that whn h might be consideied as
the desire of the Hou.se that he represents. The
very object of appointing a committee of confer-
ence is, that theie may be mutual concession be-
tween the two bodies disagieemg in their votes.
And theiefore, in this case, the committee of con-
ference on the part of the House met the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate with a desire to
carry out, not their own views, but the views
which weie indicated in the House of Repiesent-
atives which they lejuesented on that occasion.
Put they could not obtain all they desned, and
they therefore have recommended to the House
cei tain concessions; and on the other side they
have recommended that certain concessions be
made by the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri one question. ( understand
from the ieport, that in reference to most of the
disputed amendniei ts the Senate has given way,
and that the House has accomplished nearly
everything it desned, except some small matters.
Mr. PHELPS. That tn so.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Then 1 think we had bet-
ter accept the report.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. T wish simply
to inquire of the irentleman from Missouri if he
■ did not labor under a misapprehension m specify-
ing that the amendment in nfeience to the public
printing left it discretionary with the diffeient
Depai rments of Government to send their priru-
ltiii to whichever one of the prmters the Depart-
ments mii^ht choose?
Mr. PHELPS. As I understand the construc-
tion of that law, and as I understand its practical
operation, all the departmental printing is printed
by such public printer as the Executive Depart-
ments see fit to «;ive it to.
Mr. STANTON. 1 desire to say in reply to
that, that the gentleman labors under a misappie-
hension. The law irseif requires that all the Exec-
ucn e printing shall be sent u> the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and he distributes it as he
thinks proper.
Mr. PHELPS How does he distribute it?
Mr. STANTON. He gives it all to one printer.
I Mr. PHELPS. It amounts to the same thing,
I only 1 avoided using circumlocution to express
j the fact.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say a
: word, to see whether I understand this report cor-
rectly. If we concur in this report of the com-
i mittee, as I understand it, the appropriation to
i pay for surveying the two routes to California by
j Stevens and Whipple will be passed; the pro-
| vision increasing the compensation of Greenhow
j will be passed; the provision for three clerks to
I the Register of the Treasury will be passed; and
■ the provision with regard to printing will be
! passed, so far as relates to the printing of the two
Houses; and that the Senate recede from their
other amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. Not all of them. The House
concurs in the Senate amendment in reference to
j the paper warehouse, the cartage, &c.
| Before the gentleman from Missouri yields the
! floor, f desire to ask him a question. There is
! one part of this report in reference to which I wish
| to understand the facts. The provision to which
1 I refer is this:
j —"forty two thousand dollars* ; and that .$5,000 of said
1 sum be paid to Robert dieenlunv, nfNistant law ai'ent to
: «.nil board, t'oi sciviccs pfiforined during thcab&ence of the
law auent."
This, as I understand it, makes his salary
$8,000 per annum.
; Mr. PHELPS I would remark to the gentle-
' man that this language is precsely the same as
! that employed m the act of 1853.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am not commenting upon
! the language. 1 wish to ask the gentleman how
' long Greenhow acted as law agent?
i Mr. PHELPS. A little upwards of a year.
Mr. HOUSTON. How long did he discharge
double duties?
Mr. LETCHER. During nearly the entire
period. The law agent left soon after his arrival
in California.
Mr. PHELPS. I have the impression that he
served as law agent twelve months, and that,
during all that time, he discharged double duties.
But I cannot tell exactly.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment does not
confine the increase of salary to the time during
which he discharged double duties. It gives him
an increased salary for the whole time that he was
law agent. Am I right in that construction ?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly, you are right.
Mr. HOlJS PON. Then it occurs to me that
it is an increase of salary, and even goes beyond
the principle that the House overturned.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that there bea c*ll
of the {louse; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wheel-
er's motion; and, on a division, there were eigh-
teen in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Count the other
side. 1 want to know if there is a quorum here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain if
there is a quorum present.
The Speaker then proceeded to count the House,
when it appeared that there were only one hundred
and five members present, being less than a quo-
rum.
Mr JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion i ask for the yeas
and nays. 1 make the motion for tne purpose of
ascertaining if there is a quorum here. I shall
vote against it myself, and hope it will be voted
dow n.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas Id, nays 93.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum voting.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that there be a
call of the House.
A Member. How many do there lacrf of a
quorum ?
The SPEAKER. Six or seven.
Mr GREENWOOD. I know where they are
to be found if we have a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a call is in
ordet.
Mr. PHELPS. I aek that the vote may be
taken by tellers upon this question. We shall
