THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON^
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1854.
!Nbw Series .,..N e .\85u-
then perhaps be able to ascertain if there is a quo-
^rum here.
'Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Greenwood were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes not counted.
So a call of the House was ordered. The roll
was then called, and one hundred and eighteen
members answered to their names.
The following are the names of the absentees:
Messrs. James O. Allen, Appleton, Thomas H. BayJy,
Ball, Barksdale, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bis-
sell, Bliss, Breckinridge, Bugg, Carpenter, Chamberlain,
Chase, Chrisman, Churchweli, Coo"k, Oraige, Crocker,
Cullom, Cumming, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, De
Witt, Dickinson, DowdelK Drum. Eastman, Edgerton,
Thomas D. Eliot, English, Everhart, Ewing, Parley, Fen-
ton, Franklin, Gamble, Gtddings, Goode, Grey, Grow,
Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Harri-
son, Hastings, Haven, Hibbard, Hiester, Howe, Hughes,
lngersoll, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kit-
tredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Lilly, Lindslny, Lyon,
McCulloch, McNair, McQueen, Mace, Macy, Matteson,
Meacham, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Murray,
Noble, OMs, Packer, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear,
Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins, Rogers,
Rowe, Sabm, Sage, Seward, Simmons, Skelton, Samuel
A. 8-rnith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Snodgrass,
Sollers, Alexander H. Stephens, Straub, David Stuart,
John L.Taylor,Tracy, Tweed, Wade, Walbndge, Walker,
Walley, Warren, Etlihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John Wentworlh, Tappan Wentworth, Witte, Hendrick
B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—113.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on
seconding the demand for the previous question
upon agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question now being upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers upon the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Edmundson and Cox were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 36, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE. , Mr. Speaker, will it be in order
to have the report of the committee of conference
read now?
The SPEAKER. The report has been already
read. If there be no objection, it will be again
read.
Mr. PECK. I object.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, Willis Allen,
Ashe, Banks, Bell, Bocock, Bridges, Brooks, Carutliers,
Caskie, Chandler, Chastain, Clark, Clinginan, Colquitt,
Corwin, Cox, Curtis, Cutting, Dawson, Dean, Dick, Dun-
bar, Eddy, Edmands, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Farley,
Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood^
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Houston, Hunt, John-
son, Roland Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Latham, Letcher, Mac-
donald, McDougall, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Orr, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie,
Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Singleton, Gernt Smith,-
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
toil, Stratton, John J. Taylor, Upham, Vail, Wells, West-
brook, and Daniel B. Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Barry, Benton, Boyce,
Campbell, Cobb, Dent, Dunham, Ellison. Etheridge, Flag-
ler, Aaron Harlan, Hill, Hillyer, George W. Jones, Knox,
McMuilin, Maurice, Meacham, Middieswarth, Millson,
Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Pringle, Ruffin, Russell, Sapp, Hestor L. Stevens, Nathan-
iel G.Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,. Trout, Vansant, Walsh,
Wheeler, Yates, and Zollicoffer—41.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Pending the announcement of the result of the
yote,
Mr. RICHARDSON asked to be allowed to
vote.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
Illinois within the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; I was not within
the bar, but I desire to vote on the question.
The SPEAKER. It can only be by unanimous
consent.
Mr. PECK. I object.
Also, pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, how many votes
are necessary to make up a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. There is but one vote more
required to constitute a quorum.
Mr. BENTON. Well, Mr. Speaker, I was
within the bar, and desire to vote. I find that one
vote is worth a great deal more than I ever ex-
pected it was worth. I therefore vote no.
The SPEAKER. That makes a quorum.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the report was adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at half past two o'clock,
p. m., adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
m.
85
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 31,1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I have re-
ceived, through the Governor of North Carolina,
a report and resolutions adopted at a very large
and respectable convention held in the town of
Wilmington, in that State, respecting the condi-
tion of the navigation of the Cape Fear river, and
particularly the bar at its mouth. 1 am requested
by one of the resolutions to present them to the
Senate. I do so in accordance with that request;
and, considering the high position of the gen tie-
man, who presided over the meeting, (the Gov-
ernor of the State,) and the importance and inter-
est attached to that subject with them, I ask that,
without reading, the papers may be printed, and
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Cyn-
thia M. Clarke, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained by her father, Ethan ^tillman, in the exe-
cution of his contract for supplying muskets for
the United States, in consequence of the embargo
laws and the war of 1812; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Racine, Wisconsin, praying a
reduction of the present rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a memorial of Jo-
seph Grafton and others, settlers on the Bastrop
grant, praying such relief for them as was granted
to claimants under the Maison Rouge grant by
the act of January, 1851; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Betsy W. Eve be with-
drawn from the files of tile Senate, and relerreil to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of William W. Cox be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Frances
Smith, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
granting an increase of pension to Mrs. Frances
Smith, of South Carolina; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
EUROPEAN PENAL COB^S. "* ;'
Mr. JOHNSON. On the 29th instant the Usual
number of copies—'which is one thousand four
hundred—of a message of the President* of the
United States, communicating, in compliance with
the resolution of the' Senate, a letter frbto-' ft-'fi.
Sanford, late charge d'affaires of tHe United States
at Paris, on the different systems of penal cbdes
in Europe, and also a report on the administrative
changes in France since the revolution" in 1848,
was ordered to be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate. A motion was then made to print one'thou-
sand additional copies of the document,'which
was referred to the Committee on Printing. - That
committee have instructed me to report against the
printing of any additional copies. The honorable
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] T under-
stand, wishes to say something upon the; subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I regfetvery much
the decision to which the majority of the commit-
tee have arrived. I, of course, have not had an
opportunity of examining the report carefully; be-
cause it has never been before us. But, from my
knowledge of the gentleman who prepared it,* his
long residence abroad, his integrity, his intimate
acquaintance with the subject, and his qualifi-
cations in every respect, I think it as important
to the Senate and our Legislative Assemblies as
anything that has ever come before the Senate
since I have entered it; arid I think, therefore, that
the extra number should be printed. I am very
solicitous that they should be printed. I ask but
for a thousand copies, and I understand that the
printing of one thousand additional copies of that
part which relates to the penal codes will not in"
crease the expenditure more than about $,100. As
for the other part, I do not think it necessary; but
I feel a just concern about the part relating to the
penal codes, because I look upon it as being of
great interest and utility to the whole country;
and I do hope the majority, who are liberal, gen-
erous men, will see the propriety of printing one
thousand copies in addition to . the usual number,
which will not cost more than §100. .
I am assured, though I cannot speak from my
personal knowledge, as I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine it, but from my knowledge of
the man and the subject in dispute, that the report
is worth publishing. You will remember that the
late President of the United States, in his message,
called attention to the importance of revising the
judicial code of the United States, and it 'was in
view of that suggestion that Mr. Sanford felt he
was rendering a service to the country, by sending
the Government an analytical sketch of the penal
codes of Europe, which came within his personal
knowledge, after a residence abroad of eight or ten
years in the service of the country. He has no
pecuniary interest in the matter; but if it is worth
anything, as I am sure, from my knowledge of
the man, it is, when we consider the importance
of the subject, $100 is a very small amount to be
expended.
Mr. JOHNSON. This document may be di-
vided into two parts. One part of it relates to the
Government of France. It is very well described
in the resolution referred to the committee, as
relating to the administrative changes in France.
It is a history of the complicated machinery of
that Government. The committee were unani-
mously of the opinion that much of the com-
munication was but of little value, and certainly
not of sufficient value to authorize the publication
of an additional number of copies. There is a
great deal of minutife in it relating to the various
departments of France, and to the various depart-
ments of the Government of France, and to the
revolutions which have taken place there, legis-
lative as well as political, since 1848, which are
of no particular use to us. The committee, as I
have said, were unanimous in rejecting the prop-
osition to print all that portion of the report which
was received from the Department of State.
The remainder, of which the Senator from Ten-
nessee speaks, is a compilation taken from the
penal codes of the different States of continent! 1
Europe, or, at least, very many of'those States,
