1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
tion for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1855, asked a conference on
the disagreeing- votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Breckinridge, Mr. Mc-
Dougall, and Mr. Walley, the committee on
their part.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments, amended and disagreed to by the House of
Representatives to the bill; and, on motion by Mr.
Hunter, if was ordered that the Senate insist on
their amendments, amended and disagreed to by
the House, and agree to the conference asked by
the House, and that the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate be appointed by the
President protem-pore. Mr, Bright, Mr. Wel-
ler, and Mr. Sebastian, were appointed.
graduation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the graduation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the decision of the Chair in segard to
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio,
shall stand as the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to inquire whether
the House of Representatives did not send the
homestead bill here, and whether that was not
amended by adding sections to it embiacing the
graduation principle?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not worth
while to try to pass this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. *1 will speak until
twelve o'clock, if this thing is forced upon us at
this time.
The yeas and nays were taken, with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam«, Atchison, Blown, Clay, Coop-
er, Douglas, Fitzpatriok, Gever, Gvvin, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson, Mallory, Morton, Peiut, Rusk, Sebastian, Stuart,
and Weller—J9,
NAYS—Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Iowa, Foot, GiHette,
Jonos of Tennessee, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and Walker
—9.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not a
quoium voting.
Attempts were made to obtain a quorum by
bringing in absent Senators.
Mr. ATCHISON. The habit which the Sen-
ate has of bringing in Senators after the roll is
called, is against the rules of the Senate. No one
is entitled to vote, unless he is in the Senate
Chamber when the roll is called.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I recollect a case distinctly
in which we sent out and coerced members to
come in by an order of the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. You can do that; but they
cannot-vote after you bring them in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand how
that rule is. It is the every-day practice to re-
ceive such votes5«-
Mr. ATCHISON. I know it is; but still it is
not the rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us see the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nothing is
more common than for the Senate, when no quo-
rum is present, to compel absentees to attend.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
only motion which the Chair can entertain.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to amend, by
adding: " to meet at nine o'clock." The House
has adjourned to mpet at that hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can only
be done by unanimous consent. *
Several Senators. Agreed; but say eight
o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will so modify it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess until eight o'clock.
Mr. STUART. That cannot be done without
a quorum. I object to it.
Mr. BROWN. I want to make this sugges-
tion. Unless we adjourn,it is one continuous day,
and the 4th of August on which we have agreed
to adjourn sine die never comes. Now, when will
the Secretary commence to make up his Journal
for the 4th of August, unless we adjourn? We
must adjourn.
Mr. STUART. I will be bound that the Sec-
retary will make up the Journal right. I have no
fear about that. No motion is now in order,
there being no quorum here, except to adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. When do we meet?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to adjourn until eight
o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I object to that.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly, at half past five o 'clock,
a. m., Friday, adjourned to meet at eight o'clock,
a. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jiugust 4, 1854.
The Senate met at eight o'clock, a. m., pursu-
ant to adjournment from five, a. m.
thomas jordan.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of House bill "authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
Thomas Jordan, assistant quartermaster in the
United States Army."
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle, upon the principles
of equity and justice, the accounts of Thomas
Jordan, assistant quartermaster in the United
States Army, arising out of his disbursements as
disbursing officer of the quartermaster's depart-
ment at the city of Vera Cruz., Mexico, from Au-
gust 10, 1847, to August 1, 1648.
Mr. WELLER. I think tins is one of the most
remarkable cases I ever knew. This gentleman
was a disbursing officer in the Mexican war, and
disbursed money to the amount of §4,300,000.
He was stricken down by the yellow fever, and
a little ftaud was practiced on him by his clerk,
having paid a draft that was presented, amount-
ing, perhaps, to some $*2,000. This is to author-
ize the settlementof that amount. I do not know
the man; but I think it a very remarkable case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
CASH AND ELLIS.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House bill " for the relief
of David C. Cash and Giles U. Ellis," two sol-
diers. The amount is inconsiderable. The bill
has passed the House, and has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs of this body, and
unanimously reported back. 1 hope it will now
be passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to David C. Cash, late lieutenant, and
Giles U. Ellis, private, in the Seminole war in
Florida, whatever may be due them on the mus-
ter-rolls for military services m that war. jj
Cash and F.llis served in the war with the Sem- 'i
inoles in Florida, the former as a lieutenant, and I
the latter as a private. They weie deputed, with
the concurrence and approbation of their respect- \
ive commanders, to assist the regimental quarter- <
master and commissary of subsistence, Richard '!
R. Crum, in the receipt and disbursement of sup- ,,
plies; thefoimer at Fort Ciane, and the latter at j
Fort Giliiland. They received supplies from time 1
to time from the acting quartermaster of the Army ;
and the acting commissary of subsistence, and j
placed the same in the public storehouses of their
respective stations, signing receipts and vouchers j!
for the same, David C. Cash signing as " acting !
assistant commissary," and Giles U. Ellis as ** as- ,j
sistantquartermaster at Fort Giliiland." Although |
signing receipts m this form, they considered them- j
.selves as acting merely in the capacity of agents of |
Crum, and responsible to him alone. 'j
They well and truly discharged their duties as j
agents of Crum, receiving the supplies, and dis- i
bussing them, upon regular requisitions, to the
troops in service, and (in pursuance of law) to the
suffering inhabitants; and, at the expiration of the
performance of their duty, they accounted to R.
R. Crura, the regimental quartermaster, delivering
to him all the receipts, invoices, requisitions, and
other vouchers covering their issues, and which
vouchers were made out in his name. They had
not supposed themselves liable for the property to
any one other than Crum, alleging that they had
received no authority whatever to act in their own
names as agents of the Government, either in the
quartermaster or commissary's department. And
yet, when, after the war, they applied for the pay
due them on the muster-rolls lor their military
services, they were met by an effsetof this very
public property, which, years before, they had dis-
bursed under orders from a regularly recognized
quartermaster, and to whom they had fully ac-
counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
coasting trade.
Mr. TOOMBS submitte^the following resolu-
tion ; whiqh was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the existing laws concerning navigation and the coast-
ing trade, and report at the next session, by bill or otherwise,
whether any, and it any what, changes in th«m may be
necessary to cheapen the transportation of commodities,
and to promote the general interest of the country.
ira call.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Ira Call, of Huron county, Ohio. He is
a very old man, and this is to give him a 3mall
pension.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Intenor to place Ira Call's name on the list of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 1st of March, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to a third reading, was read
a third time, and passed.
f. a. whitney.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom the subject was referred,
have directed me to make a report, accompanied
by a bill, authorizing the title of the United States
to lot No. 20, m square 116, Washington city, to
be conveyed to Poliet A. Whitney.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope that bill will
be now put upon its passage. 11 is to grant a title
to a lot to on e of the pages of the Senate, for which
he has already paid the sum of seventy-five or one
hundred dollars.
There being no objection^ the bill was read a
first and second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Commissioner of Pub-
he Buildings to convey to Louis P. Whitney, in
trust for his son Poliet A. Whitney, a minor, the
title of the United States to lot 20, in square 316,
in the city of Washington, upon his paying there-
for twenty-five dollars.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Gardiner's military dictionary.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I submitted a resolution
yesterday, proposing to purchase some copies of
Gardiner's Dictionary of the Army. I ask the
Senate, if there be no objection now, to proceed f
to the consideration of that resolution.
Mr. ADAMS. I object.
john rice jones.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. There is on the table
a House bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John Rice Jones, deceased, which has
heretofore passed this body five or six different-
times, but has never become a law. I ask the f
Senate now to proceed to its consideration.
There beingno objection, theSenate, as in Com-
mittee of the'Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
ft is to authorize the legal representatives of'
John Rice Jones, deceased, to locate, in legal di-
visions and subdivisions, not less than one hun-
dred and sixty acres, an area of three thousand
four hundred and eighty-five acres, on any of the
public lands which shall have been offered at pub*
he sale, and may be subject to private entry;
which location shall be in "full satisfaction of the
claims of Jones, which are entered as numbers
1285 and 1286, m the report dated January 4,
1813, of the Kaskaskia commissioners; and, on a
