1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
including Germany, Austria, Prussia, France,
Spain, and perhaps some other smaller States.
The facts embraced in that portion of the report
might be of interest to our State Legislatures, and
might contain suggestions which would enable
them to improve the penal codes of the different
States. The experience derived from that por-
tion of the document might be valuable in thst
respect, in order to enable them to shape and
guide their action in reference to their own penal
•codes. The committee stood two to one, however,
against printing any additional number. For my
own part, I thought it would be as well to print
one thousand extra copies of this portion of the
report, that Senators might distribute them to
,piembera of their State Legislatures, for their in-
formation, as useful suggestions might be derived
therefrom, for the improvement of our State legis-
lation upon penal codes. The majority of the
committee, however, considering the dissimilarity
between those countries and our own, and the
long experience we have already had on this mat-
ter, did not think that the benefit to be derived
from the publication of an additional number
would be worth the cost, and, therefore, they re-
jected the proposition.
The cost of printing the entire document as now
ordered, that is, fourteen hundred copies for the
use of the Senate, will be about $550. The cost
of printing the one thousand additional copies of
the whole report, including both branches, would
be about $200. The cost of printing that branch
of it relating to penal codes, would be about $100
for one thousand extra copies. These are the
facts in regard to the matter. I am not certain
myself that the majority of the committee were
not correct in rejecting the whole proposition,
though my impression at the time was, that it
would be prudent and wise, on the part of the
Senate, to print one thousand extra copies of that
portion of the report which the Senator from
Tennessee particularly wishes to have printed.
Mr. FJT&PATRICK. My colleague on the
committee, the Senator from Arkansas, has given
a very correct statement of the conclusions to
which the committee arrived when they exam-
ined the work this morning. Like the Senator
from Tennessee, I have had time only to make a
very superficial examination of the work, but I
am inclined to think that if the Senate had been
apprised of its entire contents when they were
giving the vote for printing it, it would never have
been referred to the committee.
if I understand the matter, the state of thecase
is this: Our charge at Paris, looking to the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, found
that he recommended a revision of the penal
statu tea of this country; and then voluntarily took
upon himself to collect the penal code of France,
and of many of the surrounding countries. He
not only did that, but he set out—if i could glean
anything from the index, and we had but a short
time to scrutinize the work this morning—to give
what purports to be the history of the complex
government of France under the various revolu-
tions that have taken place in that country within j
the last ten or fifteen years. !
Now, sir, there is a question lying behind the 1
expense. The simple pittance to which my col- ;
league on the committee has alluded had very little
influence with me, because, if 1 thought the work
was valuable, and one which should go to the coun-
try under the sanction of the Senate, I would not
have hesitated a moment in concurring in the reso-
lution referred to us,and I would have been willing
to gratify my friend from Tennessee by awarding
the number of copies desired. But, I take the
position that it is a dangerous piecedent for this
body to establish, to publish every work that any
agent abroad may be disposed to transmit to the
Departments. I hold that the Senate, as a body
of American statesmen, ought to scrutinize every
work before they give it the high sanction of the
vote of this body. I will not undertake to say
that this work does not do credit to the author;
but 1 do undertake to say, that before it is sent to
the world under the sanction of this body, it should
undergo the rigid scrutiny of the Senate.
When we publish a book it is not like sending
the work of an individual to the world. What
right have we to take up a history compiled by
any foreign agent, and publish it by our authority,
and yield to it our sanction, for the purpose of
giving it importance in the eyes of the community ?
Why, sir, it is an invitation to every foreign agent
who is possessed of rare faculties and of ability
sufficient to compile a awork of this character to
do so, and to submit it to the President of the
United States, or to any Department of the Gov-
ernment, and have it sent throughout the country,
indorsed by this body. 1 repeat, that 1 believe,
if this work were now before theSenate,and were
to undergo the rigid scrutiny of the body, it is very
questionable whether it would order its publication
at all. The amount of money involved did not
operate on my mind at all; and I will do my hon-
orable colleague on the committee, the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] the justice to say
that I think it had as little influence with him.
The proposition to print extra copies of the first
branch of the work, which gives a description of
the Government of France, under the exciting
scenes incident to that country in its numerous
revolutions, did not meet with any countenance
at all at the hands of the committee. There was
a greater inclination to examine, with nn anxious
desire to recommend, if they could, the proposi-
tion to print an increased number of the penal
codes submitted to us.
But, sir, where is the necessity of publishing a
work of that kind ? 1 believe theie is but a soh-
taiy State m thh Union where the civil code pie-
vails, and that is the State of Louisiana. What
sort of benefit can accrue to this country, or what
sort of light can be shed on the countiy, by the
publication by the Senate, of this report on penal
codes? The work may or may not be creditable
to the author. If it be creditable to him, if it be
one in which he takes a pride, and which he
thinks would give him fame, let him publish it at
his own expense, and by his own authority, but
let him not ask us to send it to the world as in-
dorsed by the Senate of the United States.
For these reasons 1 am opposed not only to the
publication of the first branch of the work, but
also decidedly opposed to increasing the number
of the second brunch. I enteitain the views
which I have stated honestly, and with proper
respect to the distinguished gentleman who has
compiled the work; but, at the same time, my
object is to guard the Senate from the indorse-
ment of a woik about which they know nothing,
and about which the committee themselves at this
time can know but little. 1 trust the Senate will
concur in the report.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the amount of the
appropriation ?
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. The regular printing
which has been ordered of this report will cost
about $550.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, it is proper that I should say
a word. The simple fact is, the diplomatic agent
of the Government in France undertook to send to
the Department of State a work compiled by him
in relation to the different changes which have
tuken place in the Government of France since
1848. This was done on his own mere motion,
without the instructions of anybody, or without
a recommendation from any quaiter calling for
its preparation. He has also sent a sort of analyt-
ical digest, or lesume of the deferent penal codes
of the several Governments of Europe, and that j
he predicates on a recommendation made, 1 think, j
by President Fillmore, that our penal code in the
United States should be examined and revised. 1
That was also of his own motion, grounded on the
hint in the President's message.
If the Senate had understood originally what it
was when it was communicated to the Senate, and
when the motion was made to print the usual num- i
ber of copies, I think the question of the propriety ;
of printing it at all, might well have been consul- j
fered. I doubt very much the propiietyof a diplo- ;
made agent abroad undertaking, on his own mo-
tion, to compile a work of this sort, to send to the
country the products of his own labor, and then |
to have it sent to this body, and ordered to be ;
printed at the expense of the Government, when
it contains no information of any particular and \
immediate value to the country. And, sir, if I :
had been in the Senate when the report was pre- j
sented and laid upon the table, ana I had under- !
stood it, I should certainly have questioned decid-
edly the propriety nf printing it at all.
The work consists of two parts. As to the
first part, which is more curious than valuable, :
if 1 was for publishing the information that the !
report contains, I should prefer to publish that,
because we cannot so well get at it. But every
Senator will see that it is not our business to col-
lect information of this description from our
diplomatic agents, and print it for the benefit of
the country. With regard to the other part, if a
commission should be raised to reform our penal
code,they would derive very little information from
a work of such a character as it is; they wouM
go to the original codes to understand the subject,
and could make but very little use of such an
analytical index as this. With regard to both of
them, my opinion was, and is, that the mistake
was originally, and would be originally always,
in reference to papers of this description, coming
thus uncalled for, from any of our diplomatic
agents in the printing oi them at all for cuculation.
In addition to that, I will refer merely to the
little amount of money that is involved—$100 for
the additional copies, and $550 for the original
printing. That would be of no particular conse-
quence m the matter, but the precedent is some-
thing. If we make ourselves merely a sort of
committee here for the printing of the results of
the labors of gentlemen abroad, in the diplomatic
service of the country, upon matters which are
not of public advantage, and contain information
that can be had by anybody seeking for it from
other sources, we shall have enough on our hands
to do; and in this case we shall be setting a bad
example that may work very injuriously.
This cannot be placed on the same ground as
that on which commercial information is gathered,
the results of which undoubtedly may be very
beneficial to the country, and for that reason their
publication by us may be justified. But inform-
ation of this kind, which is merely professional
and legal, could and would be studied and hunted
out by political and legal gentlemen. The print-
ing of this document, I think, would be adopt-
ing a course of procedure in refeience to these
things which we should not adopt. It has been
said that it will cost only $100; but the amount of
cost is of no sort of consequence. The committee
did not look at the expense. They looked merely
at the thing itself; and we did not think we should
be doing justice to ourselves or to the country,
who.se money we have charge of to a certain extent,
by ordering the printing of an additional number
of copies of a work, from which I can perceive
very little advantage to be derived.
Mr. SEWARD. In regard to the setting of
this precedent, I ditTer entirely from the honorable
Senator from Maine. It is, of course, a precedent;
but a precedent which will beof very little service.
But what is precedent > The precedent is, that
we piint, at the expense of the Government, in-
formation deemed to be valuable, acquired by;our
Ministers residing in foreign countries. That is
the extent of the precedent. Now, although we
have a great many Ministers in various countries,
all over the world, I think that the number of
those who give their attention to such labors as
those under consideration is very small. Mr.
San ford has devoted his attention to an important
subject, and has attained an extraordinary mass of
information, which, it was thought, would be useful
in some of the Departments of our Government,
i and so has sent this report; and the question now
!j is, shall we print it?
;j My mind goes back to the case when Mr. Jef-
ferson sent home a great deal of valuable agrictil-
! tural and political information, which he compiled
when in Fran< e. It was published, though not by
Congress, at that time. I am sure that the pro-
priety of publishing at that day what Mr. Jeffer-
son thus sent home has been admitted, because
Congress has since ordered it to be published.
I recollect a second case, that of Chancellor Liv-
ingston, who senthome information of vast value,
and which gave a new impulse to the true policy
and inteiestsof agriculture in this country. I am
sure that all will now agree that it would have
been better to have published that information at
the time it was received.
Then I remember that the Hon. Mr. Wheaton,
now deceased, has given us a history of the law
of nations. No money could ever have been ex-
pended m the United States more profitably than
: 'would have been expended if that history had
; been published. I am sure, then, the publication
of the infoimation now in question will do no
harm, while it may do some good; and I think,
probably, much good, inasmuch as theattentionof
