#36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
v
by the Cpmmitt.ee of Ways and Means in a sep-
arate bill, which has been referred to this com-
mittee; h"1 &e friends of custom-houses thought
it was rather dangerous to wait for action upon
that .bill, and that we had better try the measure
here, and if it should fail as an amendment to
this bill, then try it again when the other bill comes
UP-
I differ with my friend and distinguished col-
league from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] in
tbiplfing that it was better to report these appro-
priatiqns in a separate bill; and l also differ with
him in the reasons he has assigned to justify the
course taken by the Committee of Ways and
Means in reference tO this subject. If 1 understand
it, the reason why these appropriations have been
reported in separate bills was that assigned by a
njember of the Committee of Ways and Means,
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] that
guards might be placed around the Treasury; that
a bill might come here with proper checks to be
placed upon the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to prevent him from sending recom-
mendations to this House for appropriations for
the completion of custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals, when they were in fact original estimates,
made under the guise of continuing the public
works. It was sent back, and a second bill, pro-
viding such a guard, was reported.
But why can we not incorporate this matter into
.this bjll? The House, if the Committee of Ways
and Means choose to consider themselves in-
structed, has expressly pronounced, by tVie yeas
and nays, as well as in committee, by divisions
wi>h tellers, in favor of these various amehdments;
and there is no reason why they may not as well
be inserted in the bill as the appropriation of
$530,000 for the New York assay office, which
hag been applied for, and for which there has been
no precedent appropriation.' The Committee of
Ways and Means ought to have taken the action
of this House as their instruction, and not to have
fixed upon a certain number of votes as consti-
tuting a recommendation. A majority, be it ever
so small, is a majority; and they ought not to have
assumed that only a majority of a certain /lumber
of votes should give validity to the action of the
House, and induce them to re-report appropria-
tions.
Sir, I am perfectly willing, for one, to let all
these amendments go together. It is simply a
question between the Secretary of th'e Treasury
and the Committee of Ways and Means. There
is nothing in the amendment which I offer that a
Democratic Secretary has not recommended; there
is nothing in it that has not emanated from the
Administration itself; and it is simply for this
House to decide who can form the soundest opin-
ion in relation to these expenditures—the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, or the estimating officers
who have transmitted estimates to us.
I believe that recent occurrences may have im-
Ceriled somewhat the success of this amendment;
ut I trust in the justice of the House to reaffirm
that which it has heretofore done after discussion,
and upon tj call of the veas and nays,and not now
to stultify itself by voting down what it has here-
tofore passed. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Bukckiniudge] failed to make a joint report
of these bills because of the objection of a brother
member. He recollects well the struggle in which
he was engaged, and the willingness of this whole
House to pass the bills as they then stood. In-
giuft the amendment that I otter on to This bill,
and it is precisely in the situation in which it fell,
and if you adopt asubseyuent amendment, which
I shall offer to sjuard the expenditure 
Mr. HOWE, (interrupting.) I wish to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky if he will adopt
what I hold in my hand as a part of his amend-
ment: It is on a kindred subject.
Mr. PRESTON, i will listen to the amend-
ment in a moment. I have only to say, further,
that I have discharged my duty in presenting
these amendments. I would not have presented
them collectively, but for the fact that they have
all been acted on separately heretofore, and it will
economize the time of the House to offer them in
this way.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Xientucky accept theamendment of thegentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe?]
Mr. PRESTON. I have not heard what it is.
Mr. BAYLY. I decline to accept any amend-
ment, because I have one to offer myself, and I
believe 1 can only offer one amendment at a time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. The-gentleman from Virginia on my left
[Mr. Gaspie] desires to oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,]
and I presume he has a right to do that before his
colleague offers another amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] has the floor, and the Chair
does not yet know for what purpose.
Mr. BAYLY. I have the floor to move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Some gentleman'can first
have the floor to speak in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Pres-
ton.]
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I will give way.to my
colleague for that purpose.
Mr. CASK1E. Mr. Chairman, I take advant-
age of the present opportunity for the purpose of
defining my position in reference to the matter
under consideration—a position which, I trust,
will be that of a good many members upon this
door. I beg leave to say to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] and the committee
generally, that I voted when the deficiency bill
was before us, on a previous occasion, for all ex-
penditures for the completion of custom-houses
which are recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury. I did not give that vote on his recom-
mendation alone, though I attached much weight
to it, but I gave it not only on that recommenda-
tion, but upon my knowledge of the wants of the
places where they were located, derived from my
previous service in this House, and upon an in-
vestigation considered sufficient, by myself, at
least, of the whole subject.
But, sir, I am utterly opposed to any amend-
ment providing appropriations for any of those
custom-houses, in connection with this bill. In
my judgment, the Committee of Ways and Means
design a fair and proper thing when they come
forward here with two bills—the one involving
simply those appropriations to which, as they
suppose, there is no objection; and the other em-
bracing all the custom-houses and marine hospi-
tals, and asking the judgment of this committee on
them upon their own merits. And allow me to
tell the friends of these appropriations that I put
the decision of this body on these appropriations
—for I have such a one myself to ask—upon their
own merits, unconnected with anything else.
1 have, air, risen to make a mere statement of
position, and to ask my friend who introduced this
bill here to take the New York assay office out
of it ? That is a matter which gives trouble here—
about which there is doubt and difficulty. Let us
just pass those appropriations on which all of us
agree. Remove from the bill, therefore, the ap-
propriation for the New York assay office, which
will give trouble, and let it go along with the cus-
tom-houses. Let no man here asking an ap-
propriation from this Government shrink fiom a
test of it upon its own merits, by grafting it upon
a deficiency bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the words " to complete," wherever they oc-
cur, und to insert the words in their stead (i to
continue the construction of."
That amendment explains itself. I move it,
that this committee and the country, when they
read the hill, may really untie/stand what is its
meaning. These proposed appropriations are not
to complete any of these establishments; they are
to continue the construction of them.
Mr. LETCHER. That is a fact.
Mr. BAYLY. Now, when 1 spoke the other
day in reference to some of these appropriations,
I find by the remarks of my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge) that I was not en-
tirely understood; but I shall try to be wo before
this debate is through. I have nothing to say
now about the assay office; but I have something
to say on that amendment of mine to strike out
" to complete" and to insert in lieu therefor " to
continue the construction of."
I undertook, sir, the other day to say here, and
on a familiar knowledge of the manner in which
these things have been managed of late years, that
there is a deceptiveness—i ttm not disposed to
use a stronger expression—in these appropria-
tions. When most of these appropriations to
commence the construction of custom-houses were
made they were made on limitations, on positive
and distinct limitations, that they were to cost no
more than the sum appropriated. And yet that
limitation of Congress was utterly—utterly, and,
I might almost say, laughingly—disregarded by
the authorities who had to administer these laws.
Sir, if this were an isolated case; if it were
merely true in respect to these custom-houses, I
should not care so much about it. But I say that
it has become a fashion of late to show their utter
disregard of the limitations "t>f Congress on the
appropriations of money. If I had time to do it,
I could go into the recital of a number of in-
stances of the most flagrant disregard of the will of
Congi ess in that respect. I recollect once, very
well, we appropriated a hundred thousand dollars
for a temporary hospital below New Orleans, for
the accommodation of the soldiers returning from
Mexico. We put a positive prohibition in the
bill that no more than a hundred thousand dollars
should be expended on the institution. A letter of
instructions was at once written to the officers there,
in which the law was quoted, and the observance
of the condition was insisted on. They paid no
more attention to it than ifthere had been no letter
written' at all, and expended a hundred and eighty
odd thousand dollars. Demands were made on
the paymaster to pay for this extra expenditure,
but he said he could not settle these bills. He was
compelled to obey the instructions of his superior
officer, the law, not only not authorizing but pro-
hibiting him. That was the condition of affairs
there. Now I want this House to understand—.
and, as far as my humble voice can be heard, I
mean that it shall be understood—that in these
appropriations there is an utter and absolute disre-
gard of the limitations which Congress may put t
on the expenditure of money.
Mr._ WALBRIDGE. Mr. Chairmajn, as the
hour is now getting late, and as an important
communication from the Executive is on the
Speaker's table, which it is very desirable to have
given to the country at as early a moment as pos-
sible, I move that the committee do now rise, so
as to permit of this document being read.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to say some-
thing in opposition to this amendment, and then
the committee may rise.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 would comply with
the gentleman's suggestion with great pleasure,
but this is a very important communication from
the Executive in relation to the difficulties with
Cu ba.
The question was put, on the motion of Mr.
Walbridge; which was agreed to.
The committee thereupon rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under their consideration the
Union generally, and especially House bill, (No.
271,) entitled {< A bill to supply the deficiencies in-
the appropiiation for the sexvice of the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1854,''and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
SEIZURE OF THE BLACK WARRIOR.
The SPEAKER, by the unanimous consent of
the House, presented the following communica-
tion from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
In compliance with the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 10th mutant, 1 herewith transmit a re-
poit of the Secretary of Stale containing all the miornmtion
received at the Department in relation to the seizme of the
Black Warrior at Havana, on the 28th ultimo. There
have been, in the course ot a few years past, many other
] instances of aggression upon crir commerce, Violations of
rights of American citizens, and insults to our national flag
by the Spanish authorities in Cuba, and all attempts to ob-
tain redieps have led to protracted and, as yet, fruitless
negotiations.
The documents in these cases are voluminous, and when
prepared will be sent to Congress. Those now transmit-
ted relate exclusively to the seizure of the Black Waruor,
and present --o clear a ease of wrons* that it would be rea-
sonable to expect full indemnify therefor, a^ boon as this
unjustifiable and offensive conduct shall be made known
to'her Catholic Majesty's Government. But similar ex-
pectations, in other cases, have not been realized. The
offending party is at our doors, with large powers of ag-
gression, and none, it is alleged, for repaiat'jOn. The source
ol redress is in another hermsphfire, and the answers to our
just complaints, made to the home Government, are but
the repetition of excuses, rendered by inferior officials to
their supenore, in reply to representations of misconduct.
The peculiar situation ofthe parties has undoubtedly much
aggravated the annoyances arid injuries which our citizens
have suffered from the Cuban authorities, and Spain does
