m4
THIS (X)N©RfeS§iONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
proper return being made to the General Land
Office, from the district land office, of a location
in conformity to the act, a patent shall issue; but
no location shall be made upon mineral land or
lands reserved for the use of'schools, or for mili-
tary purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered (o a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
land graduation bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I understand that the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] has withdrawn
his objection to the House bill " to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators," and that there is notnow
any Senator who will object to that bill. I should
not ask for its consideration at this time if there
was. But, sir, it is a question upon which we
have passed and repassed, and there is scarcely a
man, even the most hostile to the new States, and
the most desirous of perpetuating the system of
tyranny and oppression which has existed in your
public land system, who is opposed to this grad-
uation bill. Everything else which has been asked
for the West has been defeated, and the last I ask
for them now is, that the Senate shall take up this
bill and pass it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the House bill " to reduce and grad-
uate the price of the public lands to actual settlers
and cultivators."
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio withdraw the appeal which he took yester-
day from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw it for him.
Mr. STUART. It is the understanding that
he withdraws his amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. CHASE. Under the existing circum-
stances which surround us, I do.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to a third reading, read a third time, and
north american fisheries.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Besolvpd, That the President of the United States be,
and he is requested, to procure and submit to both Houses
of Congress, a commercfal and statistical report of the sea
fisheries of New England and the British North Amencaii
Provinces, and their influence and bearing on the foreign
trade and home business of the United Stales, together
with a topographical description of the fiahmft grounds of
the said British Provinces, especially of those now fre-
quented by finherrnen of the United States, and others to
which they may resort hereafter, with other information,
jia well scientific as practical, that may be useful in the
prosecution of the fisheries, ami which will tend lo advance
that important branch of business m any department.
unsurveyed lands in minnesota.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, t appeal to the Senate
now to take up House bill " to extend the right
of preemption over unsurveyed lands in Minne-
sota, and for other purposes." It is one which
has been long in my hands. I reported it back
from the Committee on Public Lands some time
_ ago, and the Delegate from that Territory feels a
deep interest in it. I hope the Senate will take
up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, considered the bill.
It provides that the provisions of the preemption
act of September 4,1841, and the acts amendatory
thereof, shall be extended to the lands in Minne-
sota Territory, whether surveyed or not; but in
* all cases where preemption is claimed on unsur-
veyed land, the settler shall file his declaratory
statement within three months after the survey
shall have been made and returned, and make
proof and payment before the day appointed by
the President's proclamation for the commence-
ment of the sale of the lands.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know whether it is
very proper at this hour of the morning to pass a
bill whieh seems to make some disposition of all
the lands within the limits of Minnesota. I do
not know exactly what it does with them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will suggest to my friend
from Maryland that I have run my eye over the
bill, and it merely provides for a preemption right.
. Mr. PRATT. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed
jacob baker.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the House bill for the relief of Jacob
Baker, of Sandusky City, Ohio.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place his name on the pension roll, and
pay bim eight dollars a month during his natural
life, payment to commence from June 27,1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
pay op the rank and file of the army.
Mr. PETT1T. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of House bill for the relief of
Thomas C. Green.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator will allow
us to take up the Calendar in regular order.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to dispose of some
House bills which have been reported on favora-
bly by the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON. How many?
Mr. PETTIT. Three or four.
Mr. PRATT. Let each member get up one
bill at a time.
Mr. PETTIT. Very well; but let this be
passed first.
Mr. WELLER. I have an appeal to make to
my friend from Indiana. The House of Repre-
sentatives passed a bill to increase the pay of the
rank and file of the Army, and to encourage en-
listment. It will be recollected that we passed a
bill to increase the pay of the officers, as well as
the rank and file. The House of Representatives
refused to pass that bill, but sent us this, which
increases the pay of the rank and file. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have not reported this
bill heretofore, with the hope that they might be
able to obtain their own bill by an amendment on
the Army appropriation bill. Now, at the last
hour, when we have failed in that, I ask to report
this bill back, and put it on its passage.
Mr. PETTIT. If it create no debate, I will
yield to this bill.
Mr. WELLER. It will not, of course, lead
to debate.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WELLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back, with-
out amendment, House bill " to increase the pay
of the rank and file of the Army, and to encour-
age enlistments," and to ask that it may now be
considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to increase the pay of the non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates of the
Army at the rate of four dollars per month, to
continue for the terms of three years from the 1st
of January next, and until otherwise fixed by
law. Every soldier, who,having been honorably
discharged from the service of the United States,
shall, within one month thereafter, reenlist, is to
be entitled to two dollars per month in addition to
the ordinary pay of his grade, for the first period
of five years after the expiration of his previous
enlistment, and a further sum of one dollar per
month for each successive period of five years, so
long as he shall remain continually m the Army;
and soldiers now in the Army, who have served
one or more enlistment, and been honorably dis-
charged, are to be entitled to the benefits herein
provided for a second enlistment.
Soldiers who served in the war with Mexico,
and received a certificate of merit for distinguished
services, as well those now in the Army as those
that may hereafter enlist, are to receive the two
dollars per month to which that certificate would
have entitled them, if they had remained continu-
ously in the service.
Non-commissioned officers who, under the au-
thority of the seventeenth section of the act of
March 3,1847, were recommended for promotion
by brevet to the lowest grade of commissioned
officer, but did not receive the benefit of that pro-
vision, are to be entitled to the additional pay
authorized to be given to such privates as received
certificates of merit.
Provision is also made for the promotion of non-
commissioned officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
thomas C. GREEN.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of House bill for the relief of Thomas
C. Green. It requires the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to issue a patent to Thomas
C. Green for the southeast quarter section of sec-
tion thirty-three, in township eleven north of range
three west, in the military tract of Illinois, which
patent is to recite the fact that the former one
was filled out erroneously for the southwest quar-
ter, and has been lost, and therefore a new patent
has been issued to the grantee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
extra compensation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate now
take up a resolution which was submitted a few
days ago by the Senator from Iowa, in regard to
the extra compensation to our reporters—the an-
nual tribute which is here paid to their services.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to cach of the reporters of the Congressional
Globe for the Senate, the same sum which was paid them
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. SEW ARD, It will be remembered that at
the commencement of this session, the Globe and
Union both reported the debates of the Senate,
and that the Union withdrew from the contract.
It is but right, therefore, that the reporters for the
Union should be embraced in that resolution, for
the period ttiat they continued to report. I move
to amend the resolution by inserting a provision
for the payment of thereporters of the Union, for
the time they were employed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That is certainly just,
and I will modify the resolution by inserting " and
to the reporters of the Union for the time they
were employed, prorata."
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting after-the amendment, which
has just been accepted, the words " and to the
Superintendent of Public Printing, and the clerks
and messengers in his office, the same extra
compensation as was paid to them at the expira-
tion of the last session of Congress." The Sen-
ate will recollect that a short time since we put an
amendment into the civil and diplomatic bill to
this effect, upon this ground: When a joint reso-
lution was passed,increasing the compensation of
the legislative employees, it was decided that
these officers belonged to the executive depart-
ments, and when a bill was passed which in-
creased the compensation of the executive clerks,
it was decided that they belonged to neither.
Under those circumstances, this class of our clerks
were cut out of any extra compensation at all.
This amendment merely proposes to give them
the extra compensation which is usual, and it
does not reach the amount that their regular in-
crease would, under either of the propositions to
which I have referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Arkansas that that requires the
concurrent action of both Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, the amendment
merely proposes to pay out of our contingent
fund the same extra compensation which was
allowed to«these officers at the last session.
The PR.ESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that the
report made by the select committee, graduating
the scale of salaries to be paid the officers of the
Senate, and which was adopted by the Senate,
forbids anything of this sort.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was my understanding
at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is, therefore, clearly out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that these clerks were ex-
cluded from the increase of compensation allowed
to the clerks m the executive departments on the
ground that they did not belong to that class.
When increased compensation was allowed to the
