1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - ©LOBE.
637
not seem to appreciate, to a full extent, her responsibility
for the conduct of these nmboutics.
hi giving very extraordinary powers to them, she owes it
to justice, and to her friendly relations to this Government,
to guard with great vigilance against an exorbitant exercise
of those powers, and, in case of injuries, to provide for
prompt redress. I have already taken measures to present
to the Government of Spain the wanton injuries of the
Cfuban authorities, and the detention and seizure of the
Black Warrior, and to demand immediate indemnity for
the injury which has thereby resulted to our citizens. In
view ot the position of the Island of Cuba, its proximity to
our coast, the relations which it must ever bear to our
commerce and other interests, it is in vain to expect that a
series of unfriendly acts, infringing our commercial rights,
and the adoption of a policy, threatening the honor and se-
cuiity of tbese States, can long consist with peacetulreia-
tions.
In case the measures taken for an amicable adjustment
of our difficulties with Spam should unfortunately fail, I
shall not hesitate to use the authorities and means which
Congress may grant to insure an observance of our just
rights, to obtain redress for injuries received, and to vindi-
cate the honor of our fl&g. In anticipation of that contin-
gency, which I earnestly hope may not aris3, I suggest to
Congress the propriety of adopting such provisional meas-
ures as the exigency may seem to demand.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, March 15,1S54.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to make a
motion, and I beg to say that my admiration is
excited by the character of that message. I move
that the message and accompanying papers be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
be printed.
The question -was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask whether
it would be in order to move that we print an
extra number of copies of the document?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would have to
go to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Wa ; Department, covering
% a report of the Board of Officers appointed to col-
lect evidence of the claims for funds advanced,
subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished,
and taken for the use of the volunteers under the
command of John C. Fremont, in California, in
1846, when thus engaged in the public service.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
communication, was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed. '
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Asbury Dickijts, its Secre-
tary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution, without amendment, of
the following title: (H. R. No. 18,) Joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Light-House Board to determine upon the site,
plan, and mode, of constructing the bght-house on
Cohasset rocks, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Seriate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
S. No. 120. An act to promote the efficiency of
the Army by retiring disabled officers.
S. No. 271. An uct to regulate the fees and
compensation of the district attorneys in the courts
of the United States for the Territories of Minne-
sota, New Mexico, and Ufab; and asking the
concurrence of the House therein.]
DISTRIBUTION OF ARMS TO THE STATES.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to bring to the atten-
tion of the House a bill which requires early and
prompt action upon the part of the House. The
time for the distribution of arms to the several
States and Territories is rapidly approaching, yet,
owing to a defect in the law relating to such dis-
tribution,it can be but very imperfectly performed.
The Departmentask, therefore, that the bill which
1 report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
to enable the Secretary of War to make a proper
distribution of arms to the several States and Ter-
ritories, be passed at once.
The bill was then'read by its title, as follows:
An act to provide for the distribution of arms
to the several States and Territories.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the basis
of distribution of arms now?
Mr. BISSELL. I will answer the gentleman.
Under the law of 1808 the annual distribution of
arms provided for is required to be made accord-
ing to the enrolled militia .of the several States
and Territories. There is now no way of ascer-
taining the precise strength of the enrolled militia,
for the reason that some of the States make no
returns at all, others make very partial ones, and
others again make them but once in two or three
years.
Mr. JONES. If they do not make returns, they
certainly ought not to have any arms.
Mr. BlSbELL. The whole difficulty lies in
this fact, that heretofore the distribution of arms
has been required to be made according to the en-
rolled militia of the various States, which there
was no means of ascertaining with any degree of
accuracy, because the States do not malfe the
proper returns. The bili I have reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs provides that the
distribution shall be made according to the repre-
sentation in this House.
Mr. JONES. I will say to the gentleman that
I cannot see the necessity for it. I do not think
it would be just and equitable to make such a dis-
tribution.
Mr. BISSELL. Let me say to the gentleman
from Tennessee that, under the present system,
some of the States will get no arms at all. They
do not make the proper returns of the militia
within their limits; hence they cannot, under the
existing law, recover their proper quota of arms.
Mr. JONES. They ought not to receive them
if they will not make their returns.
Mr. BISSELL. That may be; but the Gov-
ernment desiies that the citizens within the States
shall have these arms.
Mr. JONES. The States which have the most
militia ought to have the most arms; and if they
will not make returns, it is not right that arms
should be given to them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
this discussion is somewhat irregular until the bill
has had its second reading.
The bill was then read a second time by its
title.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to have the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Bissell] for the purpose of making
an inquiry. The distribution proposed by the
bill under consideration undoubtedly is proper;
but I wish to ask the gentleman whether he has
reflected upon, or whether his committee has had
under consideration, the question as to the pro-
priety of extending the distribution in the same
manner, to the Territories?
Mr. BISSELL. The intention was to make
the provisions of the bill alike to all the States and
Territories. If the Territories have been omitted,
I will ask to have an amendment, including them,
inserted. 1 will say, further5, that the same pro-
vision which is made in this bill was made for the
Territory of Iowa at the time of its organization.
Mr. HAVEN. I was under the impression
that it did not apply to the Territories.
Mr. LILLY. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman what rule will be adopted in making
the distribution for States where the States have
not made their regular returns?
Mr. BISSELL. I do not know. I suppose
where the States have not made their returns of
their militia regularly, the last returns made will
be taken as a basis on which to make the distri-
bution.
Mr. LILLY. My own impression was, that
the last report made would be taken as the basis.
I do not know as ! have any objection to the pas-
sage of the joint resolution. I only rose to make
the inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am satisfied that this
bill is substantially right. It proposes a proper
distribution of the arms, and, if adopted, will do
substantial justice to all the States. But without
trespassing upon the time of the House by any
remarks upon the subject, I move the previous
question.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to withdraw the mo-
tion for the purpose of enabling me to offer an
amendment to the bill. *
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear thegentleman's
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I think it would
be much better to repeal the original law, pro-
viding for the distribution of arms.
Mr. STANTON. That is precisely what I
propose to do. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
And that all Jaws requiring or authorizing the distribu-
tion of arms among the several States be, and the same are,
hereby repealed.
Mr. STANTON. The States can take care
of themselves.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not withdraw the j
motion for any such purpose. I am not- in favor
of having a large standing army. I'would vote
for increasing it considerably beyond ife present
limits; but twenty or twenty-five thousana'is as
large a standing army as it would be best for the
Government to maintain; and for this reason I
think it is wise for us to arm the militia of the
country. I move the previous question^ and I
hope the bill will be adopted as reported by the
committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a- third time; and having* been engrossed, it
was accordingly read a third time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move the previous ques-
tion upon thepassaseof the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put-.
Mr. .TONES, ofTennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JOJfESl Well, sir, then I move to lay
the bill upon the table.
The question waa taken, and it was decided in
the negative.,
So the House refused to lay the bill uaon- the
table.
The bill waa then passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion waa
agreed to.
And thereupon (at half past three o'clock, p.
m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March Iff, 18S4.
Prayer by Rev. Henrt Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FREMONT'S BATTALION.
The PRESIDENT. I present to theSenate a
communication from the War Department, dated
March 14.
Mr. GWIN. That is a communication respect-
ing a very complicated case in California from
the claims arising from what is known as the
Fremont Battalion. It has been examined by a
board of officers with great care, but still it wants
a full and very thorough examination by some
committee of thisbody; and though I am entirely
opposed to the raising of select committees when it
can possibly be avoided, I am of the opinion that
this ought to go to a select committee. The papers
are very voluminous; and, as I have said, it is a
most complicated case, and one which should go
to a committee who could give their entire atten-
tion to it. I therefore move the reference of the
communication and papers to a select committee;
and also, that they be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. STUART. Let the communication be
read.
It was accordingly read. It states that by the
sixth section of the Army appropriation act of
August 31, 1852, an appropriation was made for
the pay and equipment of the volunteers serving
unuer the command of Lieutenant Colonel John
C. Ficmont, in California, during the year 1846;
and the Secretary of War was authorized and em-
powered to employ three officers of the Army to
examine and report to Congress upon all such
claims as might be presented for amounts advanced,
and subsistence of ail kinds taken, for the use of
the battalion while thus engaged. In pursuance
of that provision, the officers were appointed, and
made a partial report on the 29th of-December,
1852, respecting the claims which had been pre-
sented. Subsequently other claims were presented,
and new evidence was offered in regard to claims
previously considered; and the officers now make
another report, which is transmitted, embracing
all the claims heretofore presented, as well those
noticed in their partial report as those since pre-
sented.
