2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JONATHAN PEARCE.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to report back the House bill
for the relief of Jonathan Pearce, and to ask that
it may now be put upon its passage.
There bemg no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill, as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Jonathan Pearce, of
Muskingum county, Ohio, upon the pension rolls,
and cause to be paid to him eight dollars per
month, so long as he lives, commencing January
1. 1854.
It appears that Pearce was a private in Captain
James Brown's company, of Colonel Miller's
regiment of Ohio militia, as substitute for his
brother, who was drafted in August, 1812, at
Zanesville, Ohio, and served six months, when he
was honorably discharged. The original certifi-
cate of discharge is on file in the Pension Office in
an application for bounty land. Pearce was one
of a company dispatched on an expedition against
the Indians, and was absent eight days, and had
food for five days only. In consequence of lack
of food and exposure he took sick, and remained
so for six weeks, then partially recovered, and
served out his time. Soon afterwards his disease
settled in his limbs, producing chronic rheuma-
tism, and he has suffered from it ever since. For
the last twenty or twenty-five years he has hob-
bled round on crutches; he is now aged sixty-
three; incurable, and a man of good character.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to a third reading, was read a third time, and
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
CLERK TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to eoniinue the employment of a clerk dun ne the
recess of Congieaa, for the purpose of obtaining certain in-
formation in reference lo thejudiciary of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. My colleague on the commit-
tee, theSenator fiom Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] has
had this matter under consideration, and has col-
lected a good deal of information, but not enough
for the action of the committee in relation to the
matter, and a horizontal scale of salaries cannot
be adopted, unless further information is obtained.
Hence it is necessary to get that information in
relation to maistials and district attorneys; andhe
cannot obtain it without a clerk to do the corres-
pondence.
Mr. JONES, of towa. I want a clerk for the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no!
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. What is the reason?
He has more work to do than the clerk of any
other committee.
Mr. BUTLER. The resolution is not put on
that ground at all. Either the Senator from Geor-
gia will have to open the correspondence, or some-
body else must do it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should myself be opposed
to the resolution, if it were amended according to
the suggestion of the Senator from Iowa. It would
be wrong. If the Senate thinks it is proper that
some person should carry on the correspondence
in regard to this vast subject, extending to every
State in the Union, our resolution is right; but 1
am against the amendment, and against the reso-
lution, if amended;.for our intention is not to
create a pension office.
Mr. WALKER. I think that the work which
will be done will be about this. A letter will be
written in a form to elicit the information sought
for. Thirty-one copies of it will be struck off in
German text, signed by the clerk, and sent to the
different States to elicit the answers to it. That
will be the e.Uent of the work.
The resolution was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WELLER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1855, reported that, having met, and, after full and
free conference, they have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their first, ninth, eleventh,
thirteeuih, fourteenth, fifteenth, and nineteenth amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House.
That the House agree to the third amendment of the Sen-
ate, with the following amendment: Strike out t£ ninety-
three thousand four hundred and eighty-five," and insert
" thirty-three thousand nine hundred-"
That the House agree to the tenth amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendment: Strike out. " fifty-
two thousand four hundied and seventy-five dollars and
sixty-eight cents," and insert " twenty-five thousand dol-
lars. "
That the House agree to the twelfth amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendment: Strike out all of
the amendment after the word ''appropriated," m line
eight.
That the House agree to the sixteenth amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendment; at the end thereof
add : " Provided, That such party shall not receive a pen-
sion during coverture."
That the House recede from its disagreement to the fifth,
eighth, seventeenth, eighteenth, twentieth, and twenty-
fir&t amendments of the tScnaie, and agree to said amend-
ments.
The amendments from which the committee
recommend the Senate to recede were as follows:
The first, which was to amend the clause "For
subsistence m kind, #1,028,497," so as to make
the appropriation $1,285,621 25.
The ninth, which was to insert:
For the construction of a military road from the Rio
Grande, near Kl Pino, to the river Colorado, and tor smiting
wells therein, ,$12,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War.
The eleventh, which was to insert in the follow-
ing section the words (t arid properly:"
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretaty of
War be, and he i« hereby, authorized and directed to ex-
amine into and ascertain the amount of expenses incurred,
and now actually and properly paid, by theSfctfeoi Califor-
nia in the suppression of Indian hostilities within the ^aid
State prior to the first of January, Anno Domini 1854,
and that the amount of such expenses, when so ascertained,
be paid into the treasury of said State: Provided, That
ihh sum po paid shall not exceed in amount the sum of
$924,259 65 ; which amount is hereby appropriated, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appiopwated.
The thirteenth, which was to insert:
Sec.—. Jlnd beit further enacted, That the same allow-
ance in respect of rations be hereaiter made to the military
commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal, m the Q.uarteimas-
ter's Department, as to the commandants of the arsenals in
the Ordnance Department.
The fourteenth, which was to insert:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the provisions
of the firbt section of the act entitled v< An act making ap-
propriations lor the support of the Army for the year ending
30th June, 1851," approved September 28, 1850, granting
extra pay to the officers and enlisted men of the Army serv-
ing in Oregon and California, be extended to the officers
and men composing the garrison of the po&tof FortLaramie
on the Oregon route, (or the same period of time as was al-
lowed bv the MXth section of the act of third of March, 1853,
to the officers and men of the two companies of regiment of
mounted riflemen that garrisoned Fort Laramie, and that
the provisions of the same section of the same act he al-=o
extended to the officer* apd men composing the escort to
the Mexican boundary Commission, while they were serv-
ing as such escort.
Fifteenth, which was to add to the bill several
sections, commonly called the retired list bill,
which has heretofore passed the Senate. It will
be found at length in the proceedings of yester-
day.
Nineteenth, which was to add the bill which
had already passed the Senate, for the increase of
the pay of the officers and men of the Army, and
which will be found in the proceedings of yester-
day.
The third amendment, which the committee
recommend the House to agree to, with an amend-
ment, was to insert:
For purchase of a site and construction of an arsenal
al Benicia, California, $93,485.
The amendment which the committee recom-
mend to that amendment is to strikeout "§93,485"
and insertli $33,900."
The tenth amendment, which the committee rec-
ommend the House to agree to, with an amend-
ment, was to insert:
For completing the Mendota and Big Sioux river road,
in accordance with the estimates of the Secretary of War,
$-59,475 68, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War.
The amendment to it, which the committee rec-
ommend,is to strikeout "$52,475 68,"and insert
"$25,000."
The twelfth amendment was to insert:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the amount
which may be found necessary to pay, under the act of 27th
March, 1854, to the widows and orphans of the United
States troops who perished by the recent disaster to the
steamship San Francisco, be paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. *And the proper ac-
counting officers of the Tieusury Department he, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed to cause Jhe balance due
on the books of the Treasury on account of advance of pay-
ment of the United States Army, whose widows and chil-
dren may be entitled to the benefits of the second section of
the said act of the 27th March, 1854.
The committee recommend the House to agree
to it with an amendment, to strike out the words
printed in italics.
The sixteenth amendment was to add:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the act approved
September 28,1850, entitled " An act granting bounty laud
to certain officer's and soldiers who have been engaged m
the military service of the United States," the actapproved
March 22, 1852, entitled " An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes," and the act approved
February 23, 1853, entitled "An act to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans," shall not be so constiued as
to deprive any widow of the benefits therein granted for
the services of the husband, though she may have married
again: Prodded, That the applicant is a widow at the time
of making the claim.
The amendment with which the committee rec-
ommend the House to agree to it, was to add at
the end:
Provided, That such party shall not receive a pension
during covertuie.
The amendments, from their disagreement to
which the committee recommend the House to
recede, were the following:
Fifth, which was to insert:
For the payment of claims adjudicated by the board of
Army officers appointed by the Secretary of War under
the sixth section of the act of August 31, 1852, $129,885 23.
Eighth, which was to insert appropriations to
carry out various treaties made with Indian tribes
since the passage of the Indian appropriation bill.
The seventeenth, which was to add:
Ai id be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to receive, and
cause to be placed on the files of his Department, such
additional muster-rolls of the battalion of volunteers com-
manded by Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Filmont, i" Califor-
nia, duly authenticated by the proper officers, as have not
heretofore been received and filed, and to cause such cor-
rections of the muster-rolls to be made in regard to the
periods of enlistment and terms of service, and the omis-
sion of name5? of the members of said battalion, as upon
satisfactory proof he may deem right and proper, and, as far
as practicable, to coriespond with the pay-rolls of Major P.
B. Reading, paymaster of said battalion, with respect to
the period of service, so that ail who have served in the
military service of the United States in California during
the late war with Mexico, whether under command of
naval or military officers, may be entitled to all the benefits
of all the acts of Congress providing for the enrollment of
volunteers in the Mexican war, provided that no payment
shall be made in consequence of this section beyond tthe
sum heretofore appropriated.
The twentieth, which was to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That in the event that the
Secretary of War shall deem it inconsistent with the inter-
ests of the military service to furnish a sufficient portion of
the military buildings at Fort Leavenworth for the use of
the territorial government of Kansas, the sum of §25,000
shall be, and in that contingency hereby is, appropriated
for the erection of public buildings for the use of the L<'gi*s-
lature of the Territory of Kansas, to be expended under the
directions of the Governor of said Territory.
The twenty-first, which was to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sums appropriated by
the, act of March 3,1819, for the removal and subsistence of
the Menomonecs, and tor Ihe establishment of a manual
labor school, &c., for them, and now remaining in the
Treasury, together with the sums for pay of a miller, here-
totore appropriated, be paid to or expended for the benefit
of said Menomonee Indians, according to the stipulations
of said supplementary and amendatory articles.
The report was concurred in.
PRINTING SENATE DEBATES.
Mr. BROWN. 1 now ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which I introduced yesterday, in
reference to the publication of the proceedings of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. If there is no "objection,
the resolution will be taken up.
Mr. CHASE. I object.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay from the
contingent fund of the Senate to the proprietors of the Union,
National Intelligencer, and Sentinel, for publishing the de-
bates and proceedings of the Senate for the last and present
Congress, up to the conclusion of the present session, at the
rate of $4 50 per column: Provided, That neither of the
