1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BADGER. It will be recollected that we
passed a resolution on the 29th instant for ordei-
ing the additional copies of the agricultural por-
tion of the Patent Office report for the use of the
Senate, to be printed by the printer of the Senate.
Since that time, the two Houses have agreed to a
provision in the deficiency bill which relieves the
subject of our printing from the complication
which has heretofore been attached to it. In order
to avoid, if necessary, any conflict, I think it bet-
ter, perhaps, that the Senate should rescind the
resolution adopted on the 29th, and by a new res-
olution order the printing of the additional copies,
the consequence of which will be that they will be
printed, of course, as directed by the amendment
to the law contained in the deficiency bill. When
the President has signed the deficiency bill, they
will be printed, of course, by the printer of this
body, without giving the special direction. I
therefore lay these resolutions on the table, but do
not ask for their consideration now, because they
would be liable to the same objection, if adopted
to-day, as if adopted on the 29th. 1 will call
them up as soon as we shall receive notice from
the President that he has signed the deficiency
bill.
The resolutions are as follows:
Resolved, That the lesolution for pruning certain aridi
lional copies of the agricultural portion of the Patent Office
report, agreed to by the Senate on the 29th instant be, an 1
the same is hereby, rescinded.
Ordered, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
forty thousand additional copies of the same, with the plate*
accompanying it, of which five thousand copies shall be lor
the use of the patent Office.
DEFICIENCY BILL. I
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, on the bill to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
Also, that the Speaker of the House had signed
the bill; which was thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
STEAMER EL PARAGUAY.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce
have directed me to report back the bill from the
House, to authorize a register to be issued to the
steamer El Paraguay by a new name, without
amendment, and to recommend its passage. I
ask for its consideration at this time.
The bill was accordingly considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the American-built
steamer El Paraguay, by the name of V. II. Joy.
she having been condemned as unseaworlhy, and
sold in a Brazilian port, but is now lying at the
port of New Orleans, and owned by an American
citizen.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third tim*, and passed.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to authorize notaries public to take and
certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments
in certain cases."
The object of the bill is to confer on notaries
public in the District of Columbia, the same pow-
ers as are conferred on notaries public in the States
and Territories by the act mentioned.
Mr. CHASE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That notaries public
be, and they are hereby, authorized to takedepositionsjand
do other acts m relation to evidence to be uc*od in the courts'
of the United States, m the tame manner and with the .same
elFect a* commissioners to take acknowledgments of bail
and affidavits may now lawfully lake or do.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, BENJAMIN, during the pendency of the !
bill last mentioned, said: I moved the other day a
reconsideration of the vote of the Senate, adopting
the resolution to subscribe for five thousand and
twenty-two additional copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix. It has been suggested _ to
me by some gentlemen, that the reconsideration
of that vote would probably be attended with the
same result as before. Therefore, ill order not to
consume the valuable time of the Senate to no pur-
pose, I have" consented to withdraw the motion to
reconsider, if the Senate will give me unanimous
consent to do so.
Mr. CHASE. I hope that proposition will lie
over for the present.
When the bill was disposed of, Mr. Chase
withdrew his objection; and Mr. Benjamin, by
unanimous consent, withdrew his motion to re-
consider; so that the resolution stands finally
as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is?
hereby, directed to contract with the proprietor of the Globe
for five thousand and twenty-two additional copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix tor the present Con-
gress.
INDIGENT INSANE VETO.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate resumed
the reconsideration of the bill entitled "An act
making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for the benefit of indigent in-
sane persons;" which had been returned by the
President of the United States, with his objections.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 propose to say something
on this bill. I can go on now if no other Senator
wishes to proceed. If any other gentleman de-
sires to speak, I will give way.
Mr. CASS. I design to say something on the
bill. If the Senate are determined to vote at this
time, I will say it now; but if not, 1 would rather
not speak at present. I am entirely ready to pro-
ceed, and will do so now if the Senate wish to
take the vote to-day. There are other gentlemen
also, I believe, who intend to give their views on
the subject.
Mr. UWIN. I wish to make this suggestion:
That on Tuesday next, before we adjourn, we
take the vote on this question. It has been be-
fore the Senate for weeks, and should be disposed
of.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate will allow me
two minutes to get some papers, I will go on to-
day.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Virginia
will yield me the floor, I will move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until to-
morrow or Monday. It is not justice to the Sen-
ator, nor to the Senate, nor to the country, to go
into the discussion of this question at the present
time. There can be no particular haste about it.
It is known to everybody that this bill cannot oe
passed by a two third vote. Whatever importance
there is attaching to the discussion, therefore, is
simply that which attaches to the importance a
member may feel to deliver his own views on the
question. At what time this shall be done, whether
tnis week or next week, cannot be of much im-
portance. After the temporary adjournment which
we are about to have, the Senate will be full, and
then we can go on with the discussion. There
are several Senators who desire to express their
views on this subject, and certainly it is desirable
to have a full Senate to vole on it. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will postpone its consideration
until to-morrow or Monday. A day or two can-
not be of much importence.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Michigan has
given the strongest argument that could possibly
be used why the Senator from Virginia should go
on to-day. If this question is to be further dis-
cussed, why not discuss it now, when nothing
else is pressing on us? I hope we shall have a
speech to-day, and on Monday, or Tuesday at
furthest, proceed to vote. TheSenator from Vir-
ginia is ready to proceed, and in a fewmoments
will be able to make his speech. He wants to
put his views before the country, and he ought to
have an opportunity of doing it now.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have certainly no wish to
speak to-day; but I do not wish to delay action
on this bill. I have something to say; I can go
on to-duy or at any time.
Several Senators. Now! Now!
Mr HUNTER. This bill has been so often
delayed because gentlemen were not ready to pro-
C£f{l with its consideration that I feel bound, as I
was one of those who urged originally that it
should have precedence over all other business,
to go on to-day though under some disadvanta-
geous circumstances. He then proceeded to de-
liver his views at large in opposition to the bill,
and in favor of the doctrines of the President's
veto message.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOOT followed in support of the bill, and
in opposition ft) the veto.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.)
Mr. GWIN. I hope this subject will be passed
over until to-morrow. I want to have an Execu-
tive session. I therefore move to postpone its
further consideration until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire informally to sub-
mit several amendments to the bill for the reor-
ganization of the Navy, which 1 reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs some days since.
These amendments are offered at the instance of
the committee. I offer them now for the purpose
of having them printed.
They were ordered to be printed.
MARINE HOSPITAL AND MINT.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate what is? the present con-
dition of the building ol the maiine hospital, near New
Orleans, and what sum will be necessary to put it into a
perfect state of repair, and whether there be in his opinion
such an inconvenience attending the present location of
said marine hospital as to require the erection of a build-
ing for that purpose at some other point.
Resolved, That the Secretary < f the Treasuiy be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate what is the present con-
dition of the building of the United States branch Mint at
New Orleans ; what sum will be necessary to put the same
in a proper Mate of repair; and whether there be any such
damage in the original structure as would, in his opinion,
consistent with wise economy,render it expedient to erect
anew building on the present site of said branch Mint.
RAMSAY INVESTIGATION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted in ref-
erence to publishing certain papers connected with
the Ramsay investigation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered on the Journal.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 31, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mii.burn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of A saury Dickins, their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had agreed to
the leportof the conferees on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill to supply the de-
ficiencies for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1854.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No.318) entitled "An act to authorize the selection
of school districts, in lieu of the sixteenth sec-
tions, within the twelve miles square reservation,
State of Alabama."
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. 372)
entitled " An act in favor of Charles D. Arfwed-
son."
Also, that the Senate had adopted a joint reso-
lution that the two Houses shall adjourn from the
first Monday in July to the third Monday in
October.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill; which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker: House bill No. 271, being "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1854."
