638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. GWIN. As I stated, this is a very com-
plicated subject, arid it has been already examined
with a great deal of attention and care. It has |
been eight years before Congiess, and a bill once j
passed this body appropriating §700,000 to meet |
the claims, and providing the manner in which the j
board of commissioners should be provided for;
but that bill was lost in the other House; and it
has been a source of the greatest irritation in the
State that no disposition has been made of the
matter. I therefore move the reference to a select
committee, on the ground that it needs a very
thorough and attentive examination from a com-
mittee which can give their whole attention to it.
Under any other circumstances I would not sub-
mit such a motion. I move that the committee
consist of five persons, and be appointed by the
Chair.
Mr. PEARCE. These claims, as I understand,
are claims growing out of the war in California.
I think their reference properly belongs to the
Committee on Military Affairs; and I see no ne-
cessity for referring them to a select committee.
If they did not appropriately belong to any of the
standing committees, they might then go to a
select committee; otherwise such a reference is use-
less. The Committee on Military Affairs, in this
case, it seems to me, is the one most properly
chargeable with their consideration, and I see no
reason for sending them to a select committee.
Select committees are generally chosen to investi-
gate a case with a view to a favorable report. I
think that these claims should be investigated by
an impartial committee, one neither prejudiced
against thein nor disposed to overlook anything
connected with them.
Mr. GWIN. So far as I am personally con-
cerned, I do not want a committee appointed par-
tial to the claims; butl want them settled as soon
as possible. They have now been before the
various standing committees of Congress for eight
years. I know that the Military Committee will
do its duty fully and faithfully; but as this is a
very complicated case, and an enormous number
of papers have been sent m, I was requested and
appealed to, as representing the State of Califor-
nia, to ask their reference to a select committee,
who would be able to devote their entire time to
their consideration, and submit a report upon
them. If, however, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thinks his committee
can take charge of them, I shall not object; but
they will be a pretty heavy burden upon any
committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs, as the Senator from California has inti-
mated, had this subject under consideration once
before, and a commission was appointed, on the
recommendation of that committee, to investigate
the claims, and this, as I understand, is the report
of that commission. It is the report of a com-
mission which was appointed on the recommen-
dation of the Committee on Military Affairs to
investigate the claims; and from what I have heard,
I believe it is a report that some of the claims
were honest, and should be allowed, and that there
are others which are still doubtful, and call for
further examination. I do not positively know
the natuie of the report; but I presume it is that a
portion of the claims are settled and adjudicated,
and that there are portions still left unsettled anil
undetermined. 1 agree with llie Senator from
California that is a complicated case; and I should
certainly desire, if E coulrLwith propriety, to get
rid of its further consideration.
Mr. GWIN. I merely made the motion be-
cause it was suggested to me that, inasmuch as in
my State a great deal of irritation had been caused
by the long pendencyof these claims, which have
been eight years before Congress, it would be bet-
ter to have the subject referred to a select commit-
tee, in order that they could examine thoroughly
the whole action of the commission, and that some
provision should be made m regard to the claims.
1 know that the Committee on Military Affairs
will do its duty in the case; but inasmuch as my
constituents are particularly interested, and have
been appealed to to have the subject thoroughly
examined m as short a time as possible, in order
that the Board of Commission may be oidered to
California—if sent at all—(probably by an amend-
ment to the deficiency bill, which will be here in
a few days,) I have made the motion. I have no
doubt that if the Committee on Military Affairs
take charge of it, they will do their duty faith-
fully.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will suggest to the Senator
from California, that, as the subject has been here-
tofore referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, it perhaps had better be referred, for the
present, to that committee, because I desire to give
it a little further attention myself; and if then we
find that we cannot bring forward a proposition,
we can report it back to the Senate, ana permit
the honorable Senator to move its reference to a
select committee.
Mr. GWIN. I agree to that; and I move, also,
in addition to it, that the communication and
papers be printed. Tney were ordered to be printed
in the House yesterday, and therefore this will
incur but little additional expense.
The' communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions, etc.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Fran-
cois Cousin, praying the confirmation of his title
to a tract of land in Louisiana; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented the
petition of Sarah R. Russell, one of the creditors
of the late Republic of Texas, praying the pay-
ment of an amount due her by the State of Texas;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of A. G.
Bennett, a paymaster in the United States Army,
praying to be released from his liability to account
for certain Government money lost, while in his
possession, by the accidental burning of the steam-
boat Volante in the Yazoo river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Robert
Mills, on the subject of the improvement of the
pavement of Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of members of
the General Assembly of Ohio, praying a modi-
fication of the bill commonly known as thd home-
stead bill, so as to extend its benefits to all for-
eigners who have filed, or may hereafter file, a
declaration ofintention to becomecitizens, which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Portage county, Ohio, praying that one hundred
and sixty acres of land may be granted to every
head of a family being a citizen, and not possessed
of other land, upon condition of settlement; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of R. M. Browne and others,
remonstrating against the ratification of any treaty
cieating an international copyright between the
United States and Great Britain; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of John
O'Leary, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of Su-
sannah Ilayne Pinckney, praying remuneration
for the services of her father, Richard Shubrick,
in the revolutionary war; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary ClairiSs.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon, in
relation to an increase of the mail service between
New York, New Orleans, San Francisco, Ump-
qua Harbor, Astoiia, and the intei mediate points
of mail delivery which may hereafter be estab-
lished by future mail contracts; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the cace of John
Gusnian lie withdrawn from the files of the Seriate, and re-
feried to the Committee on Piivate Laud Claims.
owen's geological report.
Mr. WALKER. 1 find, Mr. President, that
tne Legislature of Wisconsin has turned its atten-
tion to a very important subject, and addressed to
the Congress of the United States the memorial
which I hold in my hand. Though it does not,
in express terms, instruct the Senators, yet it con-
tains a very urgent request, and one which meets
my views so fully that it will afford me the ex-
tremest pleasure to bring such a subject to the
attention of Congress. Notwithstanding it does
not impart instructions to the Senators from that
State, and contains only a request, 1 wish to say
that the subject is of that character and of that
importance that I shall feel myself under obliga-
tions to comply with the request. I introduce the
memorial now, and ask that it may be read, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Printing.
The memorial was read. It requests the Sena-
tors from Wisconsin to procure from the Senate of
the United States an order to reprint the geologi-
cal rep~ort of D. D. Owen, on the mineral lands of
Iowa, Wisconsin, and northern Illinois, with the
accompanying illustrations, in the same style as
his report of the geological survey of Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota, which was published in
1852, by Lippincott, Grambo & Co., by order of
the Senate. The report alluded to was submitted
to Congress on the 6th of June, 1840.
Mr. WALKER. I think the subject ought to
be committed to the Committee on Printing. I
suppose it is not necessary to move any specific
instructions for that committee. They can con-
sider and dispose of the subject.
Mr. BADGER. Had my friend not better
make a proposition to print before the reference ?
The PRESIDENT. The memorial, being from
a State Legislature, will be printed as a matter of
course, under the rules.
Mr. WALKER. If that were not so, I should
make a motion to print it.
Mr. BADGER. I mean a motion to print the
matter referred to in the memorial, so as to let
the motion go to the committee with the memo-
rial.
The PRESIDENT. The memorial will be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
accessory transit company.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to authorize the issue of
registers to vessels owned by the Accessory
Transit Company.
The bill was reported to the Senate, without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
post road in California.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred a bill " to
establish a post road in the State of California,"
have instructed me to report it back, and recom-
mend its passage. It is necessary to have the
post route to which the bill refers established soon,
and there can be no objection to the bill; and,
therefore, I ask the Senate, by unanimous con-
sent, to consider it now.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill, as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to declare the road from the Nevada
City, by Minnesota and Downieville, to Gibson-
ville, in California, to he a post road.
TJie bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
pacific railroad surveys.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred an order of the Senate di-
recting them to inquire into the expediency of
printing five thousand additional copies of the
report of the Secretary of War, communicating
copies of the reports of engineers and other per-
sons employed in explorations and surveys to
ascertain a practicable and eligible route for a rail-
road from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
have directed me to report against printing. The
reports which have already been made have been
ordered to be printed, and this resolution asks for
the printing of an additional number. I think that
all the reports should be printed together.
Mr. GWIN. I prefer that that matter should-
lie on the table for a few days, until we can look
into it.
The PRESIDENT. The report will go on the
Calendar.
land patents.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was re-
ferred a bill to authorize the issuance of patents
to lands in Louisiana in certain cases, to report it
back with an amendment.
