1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10#
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, [ ask that the
Indian appropriation bill, with the Senate amend-
ments thereto, be taken up, and committed to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who objected tc
that disposition of the bill, is willing, I understand,
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. ORR. I am desirous, Mr. Speaker, to
withdraw my objection to that disposition of the
Indian appropriation bill. I examined yesterday
the precedents, and find that for fifteen years past
it has been the practice to commit the Indian
appropriation bill to the Committee of "Ways and
Means. Previous to that time, it was the custom
to have it committed to the Committee of the
Whole House; but I think it may be properly
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I therefore withdraw my objection to that dispo-
sition being made of it.
- The bill was therefore committed to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
PAY OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. OLDS. I desire to report back from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads a
bill which passed this House almost unanimously.
It has been returned from theSenate, with amend-
ments; and I propose that the amendments be
concurred in, as the committee recommends such
concurrence. I suppose that the bill can be dis-
posed of in a few minutes, as there will be no
opposition to it.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the title of the bill, so
as to let us know what the purport of it is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like
to inquire, with reference to the Indian appropri-
ation bill, which was before the House a moment
ago, whether an order has been made as to the
printing of the amendments adopted by the Senate ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No order has been made on
the subject. I ask for none. It is not usual in
committing a bill to a standing committee that it
should be printed. These amendments are very
long, and it would be expensive to have them
printed; but if the House desire that they should
be printed, I shall have no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I hope that the
amendments will be ordered to be printed, so that
the House may be able to, act understandingly on
them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope not- The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cungmaji]
will see, that if the amendments are printed now,
it will be necessary to reprint them when the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall report them back
with recommendations. And the proper time to
have them printed is when they shall be reported
back.
Mr.CLINGMAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. OLDS. The bill which I desire to have
disposed of now, is an act regulating the pay of
deputy postmasters. The Senate have returned
this bill with an amendment; and the Committee*
on the Post Office and Post Roads have instructed
me to report an amendment to the Senate amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the Senate amendment will be read for in-
formation.
The Senate amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the word " Provided," to the end of
the bill, and insert in lieu thereof as follows :
That to any postmaster of a distributing office, at which
the commissions, allowances, and emoluments, since the
31st day of March, 1853, have been insufficient to defray
actual and necessary expenses, and afford the postmaster
the annual compensation derived from commissions at the
office before said 30th of March, the Postmaster General
may, in his discretion, allow quarterly, from the date afore-
said, out of the postages collected at any such office, an
amount sufficient to supply such deficiency: Promdedfur-
ther, That to any postmaster of a separating office, whose
commissions, allowances, and emoluments may be found
insufficient to provide the extra labor necessary to a prompt
and efficient performance of the duties of separating and
dispatching the mails passing through his office, the Post-
master General may make such quarterly allowance out of
the postages collected at such office as he may deem suf-
ficient to compensate such extra labor. This act shall take
effect, and be in force, from and after the commencementof
the next fiscal quarter-after its passage.
Mr. OLDS. The Clerk will now read the
amendment recommended by the Committee on
the Post OffiSe and Post Roads.
The amendment was read, as follows:
After the word " labor," in the Senate amendment, in-
sert:
Provided further, That the commissions and allowances
authorized by this act shall be subject to the provisions of
the forty-first section of the act entitled "An act to reduce
into one the several acts establishing and regulating the
Post Office DepartmentJind provided further, That
the Postmaster General may, in his discretion, dispose of
any quarterly returns of mails sent or received, which
were made up previous to the first day of July, 1850, pre-
serving the accounts current, and all vouchers accom-
panying such accounts, and use such portion of the pro-
ceeds thereof as may be necessary to defray the cost of
separating and disposing of the same.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the bill will be printed,
so that we may have an opportunity to see what
it is, and to compare it with the original bill. I
have no idea of giving any such discretion as that
mentioned in the amendments to any officer.
Mr. OLDS. If the House will allow me, I
will explain the difference between the amend-
ment of the Senate and the amendment proposed
by the House Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is not a sufficient
number of members here to pass the bill now.
Mr. OLDS. As there may be some doubt of
there being a quorum present, I will withdraw the
bill for the present.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow
me to introduce a bill?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will, if he simply desires
to introduce and refer it.
SURVEY OP PUBLIC LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. OLIVER then, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands:
A bill to provide for the survey and sale of the
public lands in the Territory of Kansas, and to
establish a land office therein.
IMPROVEMENT OF CAPE FEAR RIVER.
Mr. FULLER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama "will allow me, I wish to make an adverse
report from the Committee on Commerce, and to
move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman proposes to make
a report, and to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole, I think it would be proper that the com-
mittees should be called, and allow them an oppor-
tunity to report.
Mr. FULLER. I have half a dozen bills which
I would like to report.
Mr. COBB. Then insist upon having a morn-
ing hour, and you can do it,
Mr. ASHE. I hope the gentleman [Mr. Cobb]
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. COBB. Oh, 1 wiTl withdraw it.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
An act making further appropriation for the
improvement of Cape Fear river, in North Caro-
lina.
Mr. FULLER. The committee report ad-
versely upon that bill, and I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole.
No objection being made, it was so referred.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CUTTING. Before the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] urges his motion, I
should like to make a suggestion. It is this: I
consider it of the highest importance, in reference
to the public business, that we should now, if pos-
sible, fix upon some day for an adjournment. As
respects myself it is somewhat a matter of indif-
ference what day may be fixed upon. But until
we do name the day, I am satisfied that there will
be little, if any, business transacted. The mo-
ment that a day is fixed, there will be a great
urgency in reference to the business before the
House, and we shall always, probably, have a
majority, and a very large number of members
present. I think we can then dispose of all the
business before the House which requires action
within a reasonable time.
Mr. HENN. 1 object to any debate, unless all
sides can be heard.
Mr. CUTTING. Agreed. Let us take the
question up now.
Mr. HENN. I object to taking it up. ,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama withdraw his motion? ,* *
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not. I should prefer
that there should be a better attendance of mem-
bers when the question is taken on the adjourn-
ment than there is at present. Besides that, the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr,, ^ejueins) yielded
the floor yesterday that the deficiency bill might
be taken up, and it is due to him that he should
have an opportunity of speaking to-day. I there-
fore insist on my motion.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask for tellers on the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama.
Tellers were ordered; and. Messrs. Ashe and
Olds were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 96, noes 39..
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union*
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.) • - ■
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee laat
rose, they had under consideration House bill No.
295, being a bill to provide for the construction of
the Pacific railroad, upon which the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Perkins] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana said: I rise, JMr,
Chairman, suffering from much physical debility,
to discharge what 1 consider to be a duty. A few
months since, at the request of Speaker Boyd, I
introduced an amendment originally moved, by
himself, to the land bill of the gentlerpan from
New York [Mr. Bennett] then pending before
this House. When I offered it, it did not occur
to me that it imposed upon me the responsibility
of its discussion. I'must say, however, that after
an examination of its principles and the guards
thrown around their application, I feel myself
under obligation to the honorable Speaker for
having directed my attention to >he bill. There .
is a great deal in it that commands my respect, and
nothing to which I can object. It is my purpose
to-day to discuss this bill. I would have spoken
on it last week had not its consideration been
postponed.
The introduction of the subject of, which it
treats by gentlemen who have spoken in con-
nection with the Pacific railroad, and the fact that
the public lands are under discussion at this time
in the other branch of Congress, and are, from pe-
culiar circumstances, attracting attention through-
out the country, must be my apology for speak-
ing on the subject to-day.
There is imposed upon me, however, a higher
duty which I must first discharge. 1 observed
in the Intelligencer of this morning, an address,
signed by some five gentlemen, members of this
body, Representatives from the State' of New
York, with only one of whom I have any per-
sonal acquaintance, and only two of whom are
known to me by sight. An address from a
member of Congress to his constituents is ordi-
narily a document somewhat sacred-in its charac-
ter. The relation existing justifies a freedom in
the treating of public measures that, under other
circumstances, might provoke criticism. With
the immunity of gentlemen in this respect I have
no disposition to interfere. There are sentiments
and statements, however, in this address which,
coming from Washington, and published by
request in a paper of so extended an influence
as the Intelligencer, the national organ of a great
party in the country, makes it necessary for me,
a Representative from Louisiana, and having the
floor on the morning of its issue, to say some-
thing. I will read that portion of the address
upon which I intend to remark:
"Events daily transpiring constrain us to believe that the
annulment of the Missouri compromise act of 1820 is the
first of a series of measures, long premeditated and delib-
erately pursued, having for their object the formation of a
great sectional or southern party, of which the present Ex-
ecutive designs to become the leader."
It proceeds:
,   In order to win the South and propitiate the favorof
her citizens, in addition to the repeat of the prohibition of
slavery north of lattiude 36° 30', it is designed to obtain, re~
gaulless of expense to the National Treasury, additional
territory from Mexico. The Gadsden treaty, recommended
by the President to the Senate for confirmation, stipulated ,
