1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume there can be no
possible objection to the bill which has just been
reported by the Senator from Iowa, it is merely
to provide for a defect in the present law. There
are many cases in which the rights of individuals
to lands in Louisiana and Arkansas are recognized,
but where the present law does not authorize the
issuing of a patent. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands were unanimous in regard
to the hill, and I ask the Senate now to consider
it, and put it upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to enact that, in the case of any
claim to land in Louisiana which has heretofore
been confirmed by law, but in which no provision
is made by the confirmatory statute for the issue
of patents, it shall be lawful to issue patents for
the claims so confirmed, upon the presentation to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office of,
plats of survey duly approved by the surveyor j
general of Louisiana, with a proviso that the I
patents shall operate only as a relinquishment of ;
title on the part of the United States. j
The amendment of the Committ'ee on Public '
Lands was to strike out the word " Louisiana," ]
in each case where it occurred, and insert " in ;
any State or Territory," so as to make the bill :
general in its operation. i
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re- s
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to i
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed; and, i
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, its title was
amended so as to read, " An*act to authorize the .
issuance of patents to lands in the States and Ter- !
ritories in certain cases." i
NOTICES OF BILLS. ;
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention 1
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of \
Miles Knowlton. j
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave j
to introduce a bill to extend the time for the loca- ;
tion of certain donation claims in Arkansas. ;
NEW MAIL ROUTE. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following I
resolution; which was considered by unanimous i
consent, and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and <
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ,
establishing by law a mail route from Desarc BlulT, on White j
river, intersecting the military road near the Cadron ferry, i
in Conway county, by way of Lewisburg, Lemovne's j
ferry, and Dardanelle, to Fort Smith, all in the State of 1
Arkansas, and report by bill or otherwise. ;
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on For- ,!
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo- !
lial of John Bozman Kerr, late charge d'affaires
at Nicaragua, praying compensation for official
services under commissions to other Republics in ;
Central America, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of Llewellyn Washington, praying 1
compensation for services performed in the Post
Office Department, submitted a report, accompa- ;
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and ;
passed to a second l-eading. The report was or- j
dered to be printed. |
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom was ]
referred a joint resolution for extending an exist- j
ing contract for carrying the mail in Alabama, re- }
ported it back without amendment. ;■
He also, from the same committee, to whom was j
referred the memorial of the Broadstreet Bridge
Company, of Nashville, Tennessee, praying that ;
the bridge over the Cumberland river may be made i
a lawful structure and established as a post route, !
reported a bill to establish a post road; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. '
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili- j!
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial \\
of the heirs of the late Brigadier General Richard
B. Mason, praying to be reimbursed certain ex- !
penditures made by him while he was civil and j
military governor of California, submitted a re- r
port, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The j|
report was ordered to be printed. li
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to authorize the sale of reserved
lands, and for other purposes, reported it back,
with an amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the petition
of Elizabeth Summers, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; which wa^
agreed to. /
VERMONT SENATORSHIP. \f
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary affirming the right of the
Hon. S. S. Phelps to a seat in the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I had no idea
of taking any part in the debate on the question
involved as to the seat of the honorable gentleman
from Vermont; and I should not do so but that, on
a former occasion, I expiessed some views which
would seem to reach this case, rendering it, in my
opinion, of some consequence to me, more than
to others, that I should have the opportunity of
restating them.
The question in the case of the gentleman from
Vermont is simply this: whether, under an ap-
pointment from the Executive of his State, he can
retain his seat as a Senator, after the adjournment
of the first Legislature following his appointment?
On a former occasion, some two or three years
ago, I, as did other gentlemen, I believe, expressed
some opinions upon that very question m the Sen-
ate, but it was on an occasion when the question
itself was not before the Senate for decision. It
was the case of Mr. Winthrop, of Massachusetts,
who was here under an appointment from the
Governor of his State to fill a vacancy which had
happened in the recess of the Legislature of that
State. The Legislature met while Mr. Wmthrop
was here in his seat; and soon after the Legisla-
ture met it elected his successor, in the person of
Mr. Rantoul. Information came to Washington
through the ordinary channels, that an election
had been made by the Legislature of Massachu-
setts, and that Mr. Rantoul had been elected as
the successor of Mr. Webster, and in the place of
Mr. Winthrop. A few days after that Mr. Win-
throp, whose character was well known and ap-
preciated here, not only as that of an enlightened
statesman, but an accomplished gentleman, stated
to the Senate that he had received from the Gov-
ernor of the State the appropriate letters, showing
the fact that Mr. Rantoul had been elected the suc-
cessor of Mr. Webster, and that he felt under
some difficulty in knowing whether, being thus
advised that an election had been made, he could
retain his seat under the Executive appointment.
The question was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and that Committee reported, as their
opinion, that the presence of the credentials here
was official information to the Senate that an elec-
tion had been made by the Legislature, and that
Mr. Winthrop's seat was ipsofacto vacated. But
an incidental question arose, which was whether,
as the Senator elect was not here, and as the
Senate had no information that he would accept
the appointment, the election made by the Legis-
latuie of Massachusetts had been so far perfected
as to vacate the seat-; and that was, in truth, the
only question. In the course of the debateacol-
lateral inquiry was made, how far the Executive
appointment would extend, if it should turn out
as the judgmentof the Senate that we were not to
consider the election made until the Senator elect-
ed presented himself and claimed the seat, or gave
other evidence of his acceptance of it? and it was
during some debate on that question that I ex-
pressed the views which the Senator from Ver-
mont did me the honor to rfead the other day, (as
he did the views of other Senators,) expressive of
the opinion that there was nothing in the Consti-
tution to limit the duration of the Executive ap-
pointment, but an election by the Legislature, and
that if no such election was made the Executive ap-
pointee would continue until one should be made.
That was about the substance, I think, of the
views which I then expressed.
Now, sir, it is a very sound and philosophic
rule of law, which ail lawyers, all jurists admit,
that when an opinion is given by a judge upon a
question not before the court, it is not entitled to
the judicial respect to which an opinion given by
a judge upon the question immediately before the
court is -entitled; and the reason is a very plain and
a very sound one. The judicial mind in throwing
out incidental views is not acting under thej-espon-
sibihttes which control it when it is passing a judg-
ment. But, sir, had those views been expressed
under more grave responsibilities, I trust I have
the candor and frankness of mind to acknowledge
my error; and I am now free to admit they were
given without a full review of the whole question,
and am prepared at once to say so.
Mr. President, the clause of the Constitution,
out of which this question more immediately
arises, is one which, as I read it, is not free from
doubt. It is not clear. It is not determinate.
The clause of the Constitution is:
" If vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments until the next
meetingof the Legislature, lyliich shall then fill such vacan-
cies."
The question discussed with so much ability by
the honorable gentleman from Vermont was upon
the proper grammatical construction of this sen-
tence in the application of the word "until"—
whether that word, " until," limited the power of
appointment, or whether it affected the duration
of the office under the appointment; and he came
to the conclusion, by a most clear and logical argu-
ment, that, grammatically, the word "until"
qualified the power of appointment only, and did
not affect the duration of the office.
Sir, as I have said, if we confine our inquiry to
this clause of the Constitution, it is not free from
doubt. The grammatical construction put upon
the sentence by the gentleman from Vermont may
be the correct one. By referring the words in the
sentence to their proper places, and giving them
their proper grammatical significance in construc-
tion, it may be that the word, "until," limits only
the power of appointment; but yet it does not
follow, when we look at the whole text of the
Constitution, that that grammatical construction
is to control the meaning.
If it was the intention of the Constitution, that
the word "until" should limit the pow.er of ap-
pointment and limit that alone, it would follow,
as the honorable gentleman makes it follow, as
a necessary consequence, that the Executive ap-
pointment when once made would continue until
superseded by election by the Legislature; but if
that were the construction of the Constitution,
those who framed the sentence would hardly
have used the expression, that the Executive
appointment was to be " temporary." Far less
would they have refrained from giving to that
Executive appointment the function of filling the
vacancy—a phrase which they carefully abstain
from.
Mr. President, in reviewing my former opin-
ions on this subject, I have felt it necessary to look
to the structure of the Governmentunderthe Con-
stitution. I was strongly and forcibly impressed"
with the remarks which fell from the honorable
gentleman who is the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, [Mr. Butler.] We must look
to the structure of theGovernmentunder the Con-
stitution; and what is that structure? Why, sir,
the Federal Legislature is composed of two
branches—the House of Representatives and the
Senate; and the constituencies of each are clearly
defined. In the House of Representatives the
people of the States are represented numerically.
In the Senate they are represented, not numeri-
cally, but with an utter disregard to numbers. The
popular voice m the Senate is not heard orfelt nu-
merically; but theSenate, as it is constituted under
the Constitution, is the representative of theStates,
and of the States alone. The voice—the will of
the States, under the constitutional intendment, is
to be learned only through theLegtslatures of the
States. By the structure of the Fedeial Govern-
ment, the power of appointing Senators is given
to the States through their legislative bodies. But
the Constitution provided (and provided only in a
single case) that where a vacancy happened when
the legislative bodies, the organized representa-
tives of the States, were not m being or not in ses-
sion, an appointment should be made—of what
character? An appointment to Jill a vacancy so
happening? No, sir; that meaning is clearly ex-
cluded from the Constitution. It does not give to
the Executive of a State the power to fill a va-
cancy, even when it happens in the recess of the
Legislature. It excludes any such idea by careful
