im
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
to poty Santa Atma the extravagant sum of 820,00*,),000 lor
a mere fragment of territory, lo supply additional resources
to the slave States. Tin* treaty, modified! in many essen-
tial particulars, has been returned to Mexico, and is now in
progress of negotiation "
If the address had stopped here, aUhough re-
gretting sa'ch a charge from such a source, I should
not have noticed,it. It continues:
" In pursuatfcfc the same political scheme, it was de-
termined, at Hli day,to acquire Cub , nttcily reck-
less of consequences. To that e«d a gentleman yvas se-
lected to represent this country at the Court of Madrid,
whose appointment occasioned alarm in the minds ot those
who w^re acquainted with hi* disposition, manners, and
ipfollticai sentiments. Whether he ai tempted to open nego-
tiations foe the peaceable acquisition ot Cuba, is not known,
but it is certain that no Miccesg attended Ins cfforis, if any
were ntade. The seizure of the steamer Black Warrior hy
the autfforities at Havana, alforded Mr. Soldo, as we arc
credibly informed, the opportunity to address a communi-
cation to the Spanish Government so insolent in its tone,
so peremptory in manner, and couched m language of a
character so insulting, as to render compliance with his de-
mands in the highest degree improbable."
Sir, this statement having appeared,and finding
it before me on my desk, 1 could not, to-day, ad-
dress the House on another subject without first
alluding to it.
A Member. Who are the persons signing it?
Mr. PERKINS. Gentlemen wilt find the names
of the persons signify it appended to it, in the
National Intelligencer".
Sir, I know nothing of these measures, or of
these efforts gentlemen Speak of in connection
with the formation of a great sectional party.
Coming, as 1 do, from the extreme South, i have
listened with deep attention to everything that has
been said affecting southern institutions; and so
far a$ my constitutional convictions would allow
me, I have united in the efforts to secure, not a
sectional^dvantage, but the enunciation of a great
constitutional right. If that, sir, is one of the
measures alluded to by gentlemen as designed to
create a great sectional party, I must differ with
them in opinion.
With reference to the additional territories to be
acquired from Mexico " regardless of expense," I
have nothing further to say than to point to the
fact that instead of the earn of §20,000,(100 de-
manded by the Mexican Government having been
agreed to, the amount has been reduced during
negotiations by the Presidentand his advisers from
$90,000,000 to $10,000,000. This indicates some
attention, at least, to expense.
But, Mr. Chairman, i proceed. The address
flays, that "in pursuance of the same political
scheme, it was determined at an early day to ac-
quire Cuba, regardless of consequences." What
political scheme ? A Scheme to propitiate the
South by the passage of the Nebraska bill; the
purchase of Mexican terntorv, regardless of ex-
pense, and tlie acquisition of Cuba, regardless of
consequences, m order to build up a great sec-
tional party, of which President Pierce might be
the head? Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not stand
here as the special friend of this Administration,
to haud General Pierce or any other man; but there
is manifestly a very wide difference between these
gentlemen and myself in our estimate of both Gen-
eral Pierce and his Administration. When the
President acts in accordance with principles which
1 believe to be just and national, I give him my
support. When he utters a sentiment which is
noble and patriotic, I adopt it; and if it falls
within my line of argument to do so, I repeat it,
giving him credit for having uttered it. With the
political opinions, however, of these gentlemen,
or with their disposition towards the President, I
have no concern.
But the address proceeds; und, wpeaking of a
distinguished gentleman from my own State,
engaged abroad m the service of his country, and
necessarily precluded from making any defense
for himself, arraigns before the country his dis-
position and his manners, as well as his political
opinions.
Now, Mr.Chairman, of this I have something to
say, and it is this: that I regard such an attack as
neither manly, chtvalnc, nor in accordance with
thatcourtesy towards persons in Mr. Soule's po-
sition, which 1 am led to believe has been the
characteristic of gentlemen occupying prominent
positions upon this floor.
Rir, I am not the particular friend of Mr. Soule.
I am not in correspondence with him. I knew
him at the New Orleans bar, as a younger mem-
ber of the bar would know a man much older;
distinguished by his talent, by his history, and in
the estimation of my State; and if remarkable for
anything, by the admission of all for his amiable
and courteous deportment towards ail persons.
As to his manners, I most, certainly, sir, never
heard thfem before made the subject of criticism.
That gentlemen may differ withhimupon political
questions is natural, and such difference is alto-
gether a proper subject of remark; but to go
beyond this, m his absence, and under the pecu-
liar circumstances in which he has been placed, I
do not think in any degree just; nor do 1 believe
it will be justified by the reflection of the gentle-
men themselves.
But, sir, this address does not stop with this.
After declaring Mr. Soule to be entirely unsuited
for the position which he holds—a position m which
they must excuse me for saying i think he has sus-
tained himself in a manner calculated to reflect great
credit upon his country—they declare they do not
know that he has ever made an effort to acquire
Cuba by legitimate and peaceful means, but they
do know that he has made no advances toward suc-
cess! Now, Mr. Chairman, I certainly, with as
deep an interest in this subject as either of these
fentlemen, and as a member of the Committee on
'oreign Affairs likely to learn something of our
diplomatic negotiations, know nothing that will
at all justify me in asserting what these gentle-
men have undertaken to assert. Sir, I deeply re,
gret these allegations. An importance will be
attached to them abroad that they do not deserve-
and that it was never intended they should have.
They, by implication, not only say that our Min-
ister at Madrid was unfitted, by his known opin-
ions, for the position he occupies,but that he has
been, since his appointment to Madrid, personally
inefficient and indisposed to negotiate for the in-
terest of the country.
The address proceeds: "The seizure of the
Black Warrior hy the authorities at Havana af-
foided Mr. Soule, as we arecredibly informed, an
opportunity to address a communication to the
Spanish Government, so insulting ia lone^so per-
emptory i)i manner, and couched in language of a
ckaiacter so insulting, as to render compliance
with his demand in the highest degree improba-
ble." " Weare credibly informed?" Now,how
credibly informed ? Can any of these gentlemen,
if they are present, rise here and let us have
the advantage of this credible authority. Who is
he? it comes notfrom the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. It comes not from the Secretary of
State. Where does it come from? "We are
credibly informed" of what? That our Minis-
ter has bid defiance to the common rules of good
breeding ? that he has disgraced himself, and in-
ferentially, and as a natural consequence, reflected
disgraceupon thecountry? "Credibly informed !"
A nd all this, sir, is to go forth to thecountry with
the weight and character which attaches to those
gentlemen as members of this House. I say noth-
ing in reference to their standing or their estima-
tion. I have every respect for them as members
of this House. I know nothing further of them.
I deal with them only as I read their expressions
in this address, and as I would deal with similar
expressions, if uttered by any other members.
They say that our Minister has been " insolent!"
—a term which carries with it a menial idea.
"Peremptory in manner!" "Couched in lan-
guage so insulting as to render a compliance im-
probable!" Why, sir, to a reflecting mind, this
sentence has within itself its own refutation. Cas-
tilian pride is a problem. It was only a few years
since the representative of Great Britain left Mad-
nd at two hours notice, under compulsion, and at
night, after penning a letter which, by indirection,
reflected upon the Spanish Government, And
yet, sir, Mr. Souio, notwithstanding his " inso-
lent" and " insulting" letter, I am assured still
remains there. Perhaps gentlemen are " credibly
informed" that he has received his passports !
But, sir, there is one other thing in this address
to which I must allude. 1 will not read it to the
House. It is extended through some twenty lines,
and states that the Black Warrior difficulty gave
occasion for this action of Mr. Soule, and that
there is an intention, in order to add slave territory
to the Union, to force tlie Government into a war
with Spain, and that this purpose is so selfish, so
entirely for southern aggrandizement, and to make
capital for political traders, that they cannot unite
in any such scheme; but that, under other cir-
cumstances, they would unite m acquiring Cuba.
Now, this is a very remarkable statement,in every
aspect in which it can^be viewed. That the Black
Warrior difficulty gave occasion for this! Why,
sir, what had the South to do with the Black
Warrior difficulty? It was northern property that
was seized. They were northern men who pro-
tested. I have in my possession letters from con-
stituents of these gentlemen, copies of those they
sent to Mr. Soule, urging him to immediate action,
and to the most peremptory tone. And yet, sir,
for doing what they asked him to do; for doing
what his position required he should do, without
a hearing, without waiting for information from
the Government, without asking for it, without
knowing but what it was ready to be given to
them, they brand our Minister as inefficient and
unqualified for his position.
Sir, i have nothing more to say upon this subject.
If Mr. Soule had been my personal enemy, I
would have felt bound to say what I have said;
and yet, after what I have said, I feel very unfitted
to discuss the question which I intended to dis-
cuss.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot conceal from myself
that one of the measures referred to in this address,
as intended for southern aggrandizement, is the
Nebraskahill. Sir, I voted for that bill. 1 regretted
that it consumed so much time. I am glad that it
has passed, and that we have now an opportunity
of directing our attention to matters of pressing
practical importance. I say 1 voted for it; I gave
for it a silent vote. But, as a matter tf grace from
the North to the South, I would have refused it as
the measure of southern rights; I would have pro-
tested against it; but, as the inteiyretaiion of what
was intended by the legiilation of 1850, I was will-
ing that it should be entered upon the records of the
country. I could not and cannot, however, share
m any elation at its passage. On the contrary, I
left this House on the night of our final vote upon
it with feelings of deep uncontrollable sadness;
sadness, not such as sprang from a contrastof tlie
fleeting nature of man, with the record of a great
eternal principle about which chafe for the moment
his fiercest passions and then subside; but sadness
in theconviction that theSouth was indeed doomed
if a measure intended as an interpretation of a
great constitutional right, applicable to the North
as well as to the South, and designed to restore
equality between the States, was for that reason to
be regarded as a southern triumph. Let me be
not misunderstood. I appreciate the stern and
n^inly sense of justice which prompted many men
of the North to vote for that bill. I recognize in
their conduct a disposition to do justice to the
South. But, sir, as a southern man—as one born
I under southern institutions, and whose feelings
: and interests naturally first centre there, could 1
be insensible to the fact of our diminished influ-
ence in the legislation of the country, when we
were expected to exult even at the disposition to
do us tardy justice. There was a time, Mr,
Chairman, when the Constitution of the land was
our security and our justice, and Congress did not
hesitate to grant protection to southern as well as
to northern property.
Can Congress do so now? We are referred to
the courts. How long think you this refuge will
remain to us ? Sir, I drop the subject. I am sick
| of this constant effort to place theSouth in a false
! position. Gentlemen have nothing to fear from
i southern aggrandizement.
j I am glad the gentleman from California [Mr.
\ McDougall] has brought before us thesubjectof
I the Pacific railroad, and has advocated it upon prin-
1 ciplesatoncebroadandstatesman-like. Icongratu-
, late the country, too, that the reply made yesterday
in opposition to it coming from the quarter it did,
1 [Grrrit Smith,] was accompanied, with no ex-
pression of sectional jealousy such as I regret to
] find characterising the address upon which I have
i commented. The Pacific railroad, as urged by
i the gentleman from California, is a great national
j measure, and I desire to have the General Govern-
: ment, aid in its construction. I think there are
! modes in which this aid can be constitutionally
i given, and I trust its construction will not be
| associated in any way with party or sectional feel-
! ing. The remark of the gentleman from New
j York [Gf.rrit Smith,] that he would vote to
! purchase Mexican territory if necessary for its
! construction, even for the benefit of the South,
1 was patriotic and statesman-like. I wish ail oar
] legislation could be done in this spirit.
