220S
THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4.
sideration of House bill for the relief of A. S.
Laughery.
It proposes to direct that upoa its being made
to appear to the Commissioner of Pensions by
sufficient proof, to be judged of by him, that
Laughery served as a clerk in the Commissary
Department of the United States Army in Mexico,
during the late war with that nation, it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Pensions to issue
to him a land warrant for such an amount of acres
(according to the time of the service proved) as he
•would have been entitled to under existing laws,
if he had .served the same time in the Army of the
United States in that war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and
HON. JARED W. WILLIAMS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise to a privileged
question. It will be remembered that this morn-
ing, some hours since, the report which had been
made from the Committee on the Judiciary upon
the right of the gentleman from New Hampshire
to his seatas a Senator from New Hampshire was
acted upon. That Senator, in feeble health, left
thij body last night, but before doing so, consulted
with me upon the subject as to the possibility of
the question coming up. I told him that I thought
there was no possibility of it whatever. He left
with me the request to state, if it should come up,
that he desired.to be heard upon it. I now move
a reconsideration of the vote in that case. I think
it is but fair that we should reconsider it, to give
him an opportunity to state the grounds upon
which he claims the seat. Surely no more cour-
teous member has ever occupied a seat in this body
than he is, and I trust the motion will prevail.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to inquire whether
the motion is made with the expectation of con-
sidering the Subject now ?
Mr. COOPER. There is not time enough for
that.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That will be a matter
for the Senate to decide, 1 could not have dis-
charged my duty and obligation to my friend,
after what I stated to him, unless I had made the
motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope it will not be regarded
as discourteous to object to that motion. We
have less than an hour and a half of time to do a
great deal of business in. Fifteen minutes are
worth a great deal to the Senate. I hope the
Senate will not reconsider the vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I made the motion to con-
sider the report last night, after consultation with
several members of the committee, under what I
conceived a sense of duty to the Senate. Having
performed that duty, if it is the wish of the Sen-
ale to reconsider the vote, if they think it proper
that the gentleman who represents the State of
New Hampshire should be heard, I have no ob-
jection to interpose. I have performed my duty.
I.am perfectly satisfied with any disposition of
the matter the Senate chooses to make.
Mr. WALKER. Suppose this vote should be
reconsidered, is there the least probability that the
Senate will reverse a decision made as solemnly
as it was in the case of Mr. Pbelps ? I think not.
Th^ motion to reconsider, therefore, will only
procrastinate the period when the same decision
must inevitably be had; and at this late period of
the session, without entertaining any but the most
kindly feeling for the honorable gentleman from
New Hampshire, I should regret to see the vote
reconsidered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I apprehend that there
are different facts in this case from those in the
one indicated by the Senator from Wisconsin. I
trust the motion to reconsider will prevail, and
that we shall, at least, allow our friend who is
about to leave us to be heard.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from New
Hampshire desires to be heard upon this question.
1 shall be prepared to vote to reconsider, because
I do not believe in passing judgment against him
at three or four o'clock in the morning, without
allowing him an opportunity to be heard. As the
Senator from Iowa says, he desires to be heard,
and I shall certainly vote for the reconsideration.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire for him that
he should state thegroundsupon which he claims
a seat as a Senator from New Hampshire. I am
sure he desires to do bo.
Mr. BRIGHT. The grounds have already
been stated by the Judiciary Committee very ably
in their report.
Mr. BUTLER. The report had better be read.
Mr. BRIGHT. It would be a useless waste of
time.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Thatreporthas never
been seen by Senators. It was printed very late
last night, or certainly it had not been laid upon
our tables before.
Mr. BUTLER. It was printed yesterday morn-
ing.
The PRESIDENT. Does any Senator desire
the report to be read ?
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider; and they were
ordered.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote for the motion to
reconsider, although I have entire confidence in the
Judiciary Committee. I, for one, must admit I
have not seen their report. I have no doubt it
will reach the case; but the business which has
pressed upon us for the last twenty-four hours has
precluded me from examining it. The honorable
gentleman was a Senator, and represented the
State until the report was made; and it is enough
for me that he asks for the reconsideration, so that
he may be heard.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Brodhead,
Butter, Chase, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Norns, and Weller—19.
NATS—Messrs. Alien, Benjamin, Bright, Cooper, Fi«h,
Gillette, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee, Pratt, Rock-
well, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
and Wade—16.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
m the chair.) The report is now before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. PETTIT. In view of the shortness of
the session,and the necessity of passing a few
private bills, and one especially which my friend
from Iowa has here, I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the subject until December
next.
Several Senators. No! no!
Mr. PETTIT. Senators say" no ! no !" and,
under other circumstances, I should say no; but
I would rather we should be at the expense of the
gentleman coming here next year, than consume
time now with hearing his speech, which will
occupy the residue of the session. 1 make the
motion to postpone.
Mr. CHASE. I wish simply to say that I
voted for the reconsideration because some of the
gentlemen in charge of the report voted font. The
Senator who is in charge of it thinks the public
interest will not suffer by extending the courtesy
to a gentleman who has been associated with us in
this Chamber, and I should be one of the last to
fail to give him that courtesy.
Mr. PRATT. I am willing to let them assume
the responsibility of the probability of defeating
some of the appropriation bills by the extension of
a courtesy to our friend; but 1 cannot assume it.
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senate that they
need not be apprehensive of losing any of the
appropriation hills, unless the House should con-
clude not to pass them at all, for I am very sure
that they will either not pass any, except the civil
and diplomatic bill, or the session will have to be
extended. On behalf of the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, I now say that it will be impossible
to compare the bills by twelve o'clock. We have
just finished the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and have not touched the Armv, Navy, or
Post OJJice bill.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The question is on concurring in the report of the
committee.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the gentleman
from New Hampshire have leave to state his case
to the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to say a word
upon the subject. If I were to do so, I should
have to go into a minute statement of facts, not
altogether agreeable to my feelings. I therefore
ask that the report may be read, and let that be
the simple language of the committee.
The report was read. It was made by Mr.
Butler, and is as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom ivas referred the
following-preamble andresolutlonof the Senate} have had
the same under consideration, and report:
Whereas, the Hon. Jared VV. Williams was appointed by
his Excellency the GovernorofNew Hampshire, in the re-
cess of the Legislature of that State, to fill a vacancyin the
Senate of the United States, which had happened by the
death of the Hon. Charles G.Atherton, a Senator, whose
term of service would have continued till the 4th of March,
1859; and whereas it is understood that .since that tempo-
rary appointment was made the Legislature ofNew Hamp-
shire has been convened at their regular session, and has
adjourned to the last Wednesday of May next, without fill-
ing such vacancy, and that said State still claims a right of
representation under said appointment, which the appointee
is not at liberty to surrender by his act without the action
of the Senate: at his request, therefore,
Resolved, That the subject be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, to inquire into the facts connected with it,
and to make such report ns they deem proper, to enable the
Senate to determine whether the right of representation
under said appointment has expired.
Under this resolution the committee are required to in-
quire into the facts connected with the ca-*e, and to make
such report as they deem proper, to enable the Senate to
determine whether the right of representation under said
appointment had expired.
As the question to be determined must depend, in a great
measure, on the proceedings of the Legislature and con-
stitution ofNew Hampshire, the committee submit the fol-
lowing as a part of their report, having a bearing on the
case:
communication from the governor to the legis-
lature.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have signed all the bills and resolutions which you have
passed the present session, and presented for my approval,
(except the bills and resolutions which I have returned to
the House of Representatives, with my objection thereto,)
and having been informed by a joint committee ot both
branches ofthe Legislature that you have finished the busi-
ness before you, and are ready to adjourn, by the authonty
vested in me I do hereby adjourn the Legislature to the last
Wednesday of May next. N.B.BAKER.
Council Chamber, July 15, 1854.
Constitution of New Hampshire—pa#e 23.
il The Senate and House shall assemble every year on the
first Wednesday of June, and at such other times as they
may judge necessary; and shall dissolve and be dissolved
seven days next preceding the said first Wednesday of
June, and shall be styled the General Court of New Hamp-
shire."
From the language of the Governor's communication to
the Legislature, it seems to have been his judgment that
the session had closed; and from the language of the con-
stitution, it would appear that it will have terminated on the
day mentioned, as by another provision of the constitution,
the Governor on the same day is required to dissolve the
Legislature. In this view of the subject, in propria vigore,
the Legislature had no power of assembling from the'time
of its adjournment, as announced by the Governor, until
the last Wednesday of May next, when its existence termi-
nated.
There was a power in the Governor, should the general
welfare require it, to call the Legislature together, as an
existing body. But when so called together, what wmiid
have been the character of such a meeting? Would it not
have been a distinct session, carrying with its acts and
doings all the incidents of a separate session ? Such would
seem to be a fair inference. This being conceded, then it
would follow, that the late Legislature did adjourn sine die,
in the legal import of the term. If this is a legitimate con-
clusion, this case, cannot in any particular, be distinguished
from that decided by the Senate in the case of the Hon.
Samuel S. Phelps, a Senator from Vermont, and the com-
mittee refer to that case as the authority for their conclu-
sion in the case under consideration.
In response to the resolution, the committee are of opin-
ion that" the right of representation under the appointment
has expired."
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills:
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1855, and for other purposes;
An act for the relief of J. C. Buckles, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky;
An act to graduate and reduce the price of the
public lands to actual settlers and cultivators;
An act for the relief of Patrick Gass;
An act for the relief of Ira Call, of Huron
county, Ohio;
An act to increase the pay of the rank and file
of the Army, and encourage enlistments;
An act for the relief of Thomas C. Green;
An act for the relief of Jacob Baker, of San-
dusky city, Ohio;
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle the accounts of Thomas Jordan, as-
sistant quartermaster in the United States Army;
