THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGCJST 7, 1854.
Nkw series....No. 139.
An act for the relief of Darnel C. Cash and
Giles U. Ellis;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
John Rice Jones, deceased ;
An act for the relief of Jonathan Pierce; and
An act to extend the right of preemption over
unsurveyed lands in Minnesota, and for other pur-
poses.
The President pro tempore signed the above
named enrolled bills.
MAIL STEAMER BILL, ETC.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the transportation of the United States mail by
ocean steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1855, and also that
they insisted on their disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1855; agreed to the further confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houseson said bill, and-had appointed
Mr. Piielfs, Mr. Benson, and Mr. Rows, man-
agers at the same on their part.
Also, that the House had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the bill making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law.
OCEAN MAIL SERVICE.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ment to the bill making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1855, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and, on motion by Mr.
Hunter, the Senate insisted on the amendment,
and asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was ordered
that the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate, be appointed by the President pro
tempore; and Mr. Stuakt, Mr. James, and Mr.
Toombs were appointed. ^
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. BENJAMIN", from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the authority
of law, made a report recommending
That the Senate do recede from its second amendment.
Tiiat the House of Representatives do recede tiom its
disagreement to the tliiid, fumtli, Hf'th, and seventh amend-
merits of the Senate, and n^ree thereto
That the House of llepiesentahves do iccede from its
disagreement to the tir'Jt amendment of the Senate, and
agree thereto, with the following amendment : Strike out
the words " one hundred," and 111 heu thereof insert '• sev-
enty."
That the the House of Representatives do recede from
its disagreement to the sixth amendment of the Senate, and
agree thereto with amendments as follows: In line seven
of said amendment, strikeout the word u titty," and in heu
thereof insert the word " forty," and strike out imes nine,
ten, and eleven of said Senate amendment.
And that the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the eighth amendment of the Semite, and
agree theieto, with an amendment as follows: Add at the
end thereof the word* uor rejection."
Mr. BENJAMIN, i will statein afew words
the purport of the amendments. The first amend-
ment made by the Senate was to increase the ap-
propriation " for continuing the improvement of
the Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river,"
from $18,000 to §100,000. The committee of
conference haveagieed to make that appropua-
tion $70,000, the Senate yielding §30,000, and the
House $5:2,000.
The second amendment was to insert the words
" including the amount expended prior to August
30,1852," after the word " harbor," in the clause:
For continuing the removal of the rock at Hell Gate and
Diamond reef, New York harbor, £20,000.
The committee recommend the Senate to recedl
from that amendment. ,
The third amendment was to insert after the
clause "for continuing the reopening of a cam-
189
munication between the Albemarle Sound, in
North Carolina, and the Atlantic ocean, §50,000,"
the words:
In addition fo the sum of $50,000 appropriated by the act
of August 30, 1852, which-sum is hereby reappiopriated for
a breakwater, or such other works as the Secretary of War
may deem best adapted to accomplish that object.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement to that amendment.
The fourth amendment was an appropriation of
$44,000 for the improvement of the Brazos river,
Texas. The House abandon their objection to
that. The fifth amendment was one explaining
the appropriation for Newark harbor, so as to
make it read;
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at Newark,
and Passaic i iver below th<  town of Newark and of New-
ark bay, New Jersey, $25,000.
The House recede from their disagreement to
that. The sixth amendment was:
For the surveys of the harbor* of San Pedro, Santa Bar-
bdia, Monterey, S.tn Francisco, Humboldt, and Trinity, in
the Siate of California, and th<> river* Saeremento, San .foa
qum, and Colorado; and the harbor of Anpalachicoia, Flor-
ida, $50,000.
For <nrvey for a bieakwater at Grace's Point, Block Is-
land, *5,000.
The committee of conference have agreed to
make the appropriation for California $40,000 in-
stead of $50,000, and strike out the $5,000 for
Grace's Point.
The seventh amendment was the one which
required all persons who were chaiged with this
work to give security for the sum committed to
their care, it was to strike the proviso out of the
following section:
Spc. 3. jind be it further enacted, That, whenever the
Secretary War shall invite proposal* for any works, or
for any material or labor for any works., there shall be sep-
arate proposals and separate contracts for ^ach vvoik, and
aHo for each ela^ of niciteri.il or labor for each woi k ; arid
he >>hall report to emigres at iu next session all the bids,
with the names of the bidders : And provided, That all per-
sons entrusted with the di^buisemenr of the fund* appropri-
ated for the work-i named in this act, shall be leqmred to
give bond and ample security for thefauhtul application of
the same. •
The House has receded from its disagreement to
thai amendment. The eight amendment was to
add at the end of the bill the following:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretaiy of War be
and he is herehy, authorized to conn act with the proper
paities for the purchase ot Giant'spas-s, neai the entiance of
Mobile haibor,on the mail route from New Oileans to Mo
bile ; and that he report said coimact to Congress at its next
session foi approval.
The committee of conference recommend to add
the words l< or rejection;" so as to let the next
Congress have power over that appropriation; and,
as thus amended, the House recede from their dis-
agreement. !
This is the scope of all the amendments, and it j
will be seen that the Senate has carried almost the
whole of them. I therefore hope the Senate will
concur in the report.
The report was concurred in.
HON. JARED W. WILLIAMS,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary in re-
lation to the right of Mr. Williams to a seat in
the Senate. J
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ifeel obliged to the Senate !
for the courtesy they are disposed % extend to I
me in this case this morning. Although it is un- 1
expectedly sprung upon me, I deem it my duty to |
make a brief statement of the grounds on which j
New Hampshire claims a right to representation j
on this floor. I do not believe that I could leave |
the case, in justice to the State, or in justice to j
myself, without doing so. No one could be more j
averse to taking up any of the time of the Senate, i
at a period of the session when there is so little 1
of it remaining, and so much business of import- i
ance to the country to be transacted; but t had j
been led to suppose, from an intimation derived >
from a reliable source, that this report, coming in .
at the heel of the session, would not be called up !
unless New Hampshire should feel it to be her ;
duty and her interest to call it up and present J
further facts. 3, however, mads a provisional I
arrangement before I left the Senate last night, in
the event it was called up, that the claim of New
Hampshire should be stated, if an opportunity
were given, and that time for that purpose would
be reques'ed; but, on receiving assurances of the
character that I have named, I left, supposing it
would not he taken up.
Mr. CASS. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him. 1 think the Senate must see
that it is impossible to consider this subject prop-
erly now. We have but little time feft in which
to dispose of our legislative business. 1 therefore
suggest that this subject be allowed to go over. I
move to postpone it until next session.
Mr. CLAY. A vote has already been taken, I
suggest to the Senator from Michigan, upon that
question, and it has been voted down. 1 will state,
moreover, to him what I stated to the Senate in
his absence: that it is impossible, without pro-
tracting the session, to get through with ap-
propriation hills. They cannot even be read over
by twelve o'clock.
Mr. ATCHISON. I renew the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject to
the second week in December.
Mr. CASS. I suggest to the Senator to move
that it lie on the table.
Mr. MASON. Say the first week.
Mr. ATCHISON, I have no objection to say-
ing the first Monday in December. I make the
motion for the reason briefly suggested by the
Senator from Michigan, that if it is intended to
transact any other business, we have but an hour
and ten minutes to do it m.
Mr. SEBASTIAN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. The reason why I must vote
against the postponement is, that I can see no
reason for it. I am perfectly willingthat the gen-
tleman from New Hampshiie shall he heard. I
do not see that it will at all interfere with the
business, for E understand from the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay) that we must postpone the
adjournment of Congress, probably until to-mor-
row. If we do that, there is ample time to con-
sider this report, because, if the object of post-
poning the adjournment is to give time to go
through the enrolled bills, we must necessarily
abstain from passing any more bills this session,
or we shall be laboring under the same evil to-
morrow that we do now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the postponement, from no unkindness to the
Senator from New Hampshire; but if _we have
not settled this question by the whole action of the
Senate for the last twenty years, we never shall s
never can settle it. I do not believe there are
ten Senators on this floor who believe that the
gentleman is entitled to a seat here; and I am not
willing to postpone the question, send him home,
to come back here at the next session with mile-
age, and have all the difficulties brought up
again.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ought, perhaps, to make
a suggestion in answer to the Senator from Ten-
nessee. I have stated that the only object I had
in having the subject considered, was, that the
State of JSTew Hampshire might, if she thought
proper, nave an opportunity of presenting testi-
mony which the Committee on the Judiciary have
not had—testimony which would give an entirely
different character to the adjournment of the
Legislature from what they seem to have assumed
in their report it has. The Senator from Ten-
nessee seems to apprehend that thi& case involves
a question that has once been decided. It in-
volves the question which way presented as to the
right of the Vermont representation by the Hon.
Samuel S Phelps, who claimed a representation
here for his State under an appointment made by
the Governor of Vermont during the recess of the
Legislature. The same right of representation is
now claimed, by virtue of a. similar appointment,
made hy the Governor of New Hampshiie by -
that State, Twenty-six Senators, not a majority
of the whole Senate, voted against and defeated
the C'&im of Vermont; but that action, although
