18&:
Till' -CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
ifife
Mr PKCKHAM. I desire to say only a word
in connection with the remarks made by the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins.] I am one
of the signers#! this address; and so far as regards
the remarks that have been made concerning Mr.
SoulS, it was not my intention, or that of any one
of the gep'tlefnen who have signed the address, to
reflect, in any degree, upon his personal character
and standing. And perhaps the word " manners"
here, as introduced in the sentence speaking of
"the disposition, manners, and sentiments" of
Mr. Soule, might as welt have been omitted. His
manners are the manners of a gentleman, certainly.
But, speaking of his political sentiments on that
subject, proof might be adduced to support the
allegation, if it were deemed at all important or
necessary.
So far as regards his action at. the Court of
Spain, I do not mean to say anything further as
yet, except to refer to that' which is known to
probably every gentleman in this House. Every
gentleman in the House is aware of his action as
published in the newspapers. There is no allega-
tion hei'e that this is personally known to us as a
matter of fact. The statement is made from what
we deem to be credible authority—from the in-
formation that has been derived on the subject
from all the public papers, and which we have
never seen contradicted, in regard to all these
matters I shall hereafter, if 1 deem it proper, take
occasion probably to present such facts as shall
illustrate the true position of things.
So far as regards the efforts as to Cuba, it is not
proper for me to take up the time of gentlemen
now. What I know on that point I am very will-
ing to state here, and to explain at length when
an occasion may call for it; but this 1 must defer
to another occasion.
Mr. PERKINS. I should like, Mr. Chair-
man, to hear the explanations of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Peckham] on this subject.
I regret that I cannot give him more time, bat he
will have an opportunity when I am through with
my remarks. His retraction of any intention to
personally.reflect upon our Minister at Madrid,
is what 1 was led to expect from my slight ac-
quaintance with the gentleman.
Mr. Chairman, I regret that the subject of Cuba,
the acquisition of territory from Mexico, and the
Nebraska question, should be coupled together
in the minds of gentlemen as sectional measures.
In the acquisition of Cuba, in the construction of
a Pacific railroad, and in the opening of com-
mercial relations with the South American States,
I recognize three of the most practically import-
ant, and most national measures that can at this
time engage the attention of American statesmen.
I wish public attention throughout the whole
country could be directed to them. If the entire
South should unite in advocating any one of these
measures, this circ'umstance should not awaken a
sectional jealousy. 1 wish, indeed, it were possi-
ble to have the South so united, and that it could
be made to feel that its influence in the Union,
always greater from the philosophy of its poli-
tics than from numbers, requires now to be sus-
tained by the development of her material re-
sources. I would not have her abate any of her
reverence for the Constitution; her security, as
that of every minority, depends upon a rigid
Observance of its provisions. But there are ener-
gies in a people far beyond the influence of
constitutional opinions, that should be made to
tell upon the future. And is the South to be
branded as selfish and sectional in her views, if
she advocate for once a great practical measure?
Sir, she will occupy a most peculiar position, if
she does not support the Pacific railroad. Living
under a Constitution designed to establish justice
and promote the general welfare, we witness,
every day, efforts on this floor, to use the whole
power and moral force of the Government for the
destruction of southern property. Asserting that
taxation shall be uniform and equal', the South is,
by indirection, paying much the largest portion of
the income of the Government. Contending for an
interpretation of the Constitution, which forbids
the General Government becominga mere moneyed
machine, and applying the public funds for sec-
tional objects, her interpretation is strictly applied
only to herself, and practically disregarded to-
wards all other portions of the Union. Under
such circumstances, there is a necessity for the
South to have united action not only out of this
Hall but in it. But such united action does not
necessarily imply sectionalism. It may be re-
quired to prevent it.
Recollecting, Mr. Chairman, the influence of the
South in the formation of this Federal Govern-
ment, the guarantees of right which were intended
to be secured her by the Constitution, and the
gradual growth of a false public sentiment at the
North, operating through that instrument eaeh
year with additional force to weaken these guar-
antees, and listening, at the same time, to the f-on-
trasts between the North and the South so fre-
quently drawn of late by northern men in debate
on this floor, and sent out from here by speech or
address, as in the one from which I havejustread
extracts—sometimes terming the South aggressive,
and sometimes condemning her political opinions
as abstractions, and sometimes her social institu-
tions as criminal—I could not but recall the re-
marks of an eloquent Frenchman, at a recent date,
in defense of the humiliated spirit of Prance
against the material developmentof England. But
slightly paraphrased, the South may use them in
no unkind spirit towards the North. "Are we
not," said he, " the sons of those who, by the
effort of a heroic nationality," did the world's
work in establishing for every nation the gospel
of equality in the Declaration of Independence?
Did our fathers mean, by the fraternity ex-
pressed in that instrument, that vague, undefined
sympathy which welcomes and loves everything;
which mingles, bastardizes, confounds. Would it
not be a marvel to see the people who but lately
reared the beacon light of the future, to which the
eyes of the world are turned, walking submis-
sively, and without a murmur, under a sacrifice
of right?
Well may northern gentlemen ask, with a smile,
what are the results of southern activity, south-
ern commotion, and southern political struggles?
Behold the South, if you please, as you have de-
scribed her, seated on the ground, like. Job, and
your northern States coming, one by one, to ques-
tion, to comfort, or it may be, to taunt her.
"Where are your ships and your machinery?"
asks one. " Where your enterprises of indus-
try?" asks another. " Where your literature and
art?" asks another. "Kind sisters," says the
French writer, "who come thus to question and
oomfort" the South, permit me to answer you.
She is ill, you see, and there she sits with droop-
ing head, unwilling to speak. Did you pile up
all the blood—the gold—the efforts of every kind,
disinterestedly expended by each for the advance-
ment of ihe whole, the pyramid reared out of her
would reach the skies; whilst all of sacrifice that
could be piled up out of you would reach no higher
than a child's knee.
Say not, then, how pale the South is. She has
shed her blood for you. Say not how poor she
is. For you she has given without counting; and
having nothing more to give, she has given her
soul, the latent heat of the Constitution; and it is
on that you live. All that is now left her is what
she has given to others.
Are you surprised that she reverences the Con-
stitution, and that, trusting in it as her best security
for the present, and her surest guarantee in the
future, she is ready to protest against its slightest
violation? It is in this spirit, and not in that of
either a selfish fear or a narrow, calculating sec-
tionalism, that the South has, with such a united
front, aided the North to put down the dark spirit
that, rising up in their midst, engendered by a
gloomy fanaticism, has sought recklessly to strike
at institutions in whose existence are involved the
happiness and prosperity, not of one section, but
that of the whole Union.
But I will leave this subject, hoping that the
gentleman who has sought the floor will take an
early opportunity to give that explanation which
he has said will be given.
Mr. PECK. Will the gentleman give way for
a moment?
Mr. PERKINS. I will with pleasure, for a
moment.
Mr. PECK. I simply desire to say, that I re-
fer the gentleman and the House for the political
sentiments of Mr. Soule, to his speech in the
Senate on Cuba.
Mr. MAURICE. Will the gentleman from
Louisiana yield me the floor for one single obser-
vation ?
Mr. PERKINS. I have prepared a speech,
filled, with statistics, on the subject..of the public
lands, and I came to the Ilouse this mxiroii}g, m- :
tending to speak on th'8tsubjec4j>iit?i«^e^ f!ej^.
men from New York appear desirofts of replying '
to what I have said, Iwiil, with the perri(issif>n!
of the House, deliver at another timer or publWllj.
as I may prefer, the, remarks I intend-eil to make.
I now yield the floor with pleasureto the gentle- .
man from New York. ' ' ;
Mr. MAURICE. Mr. Chairman,tb«r^SrjcE,*
made by the gentleman from Louisiana, on ail
address purporting on its face, to be directed ex-
clusively to our constituents, come, it aeems to
me, with a bad grace frorn a volunteer defender of
an act wbiclrhe says himself, he regarded with
feelings of sadness when he left this Halt after its
passage.
Mr. PERKINS. The gentleman will allow roe
to correct him. I did not regard th$ passage of
that act with anythingbut satisfaction, or vote for
it with feelings of sadness. What I regarded with
sadness was the idea that we of the South should
be expected to exult at it as. a southern triumph.
I did not desire that it should hereafter be Consid-
ered as indicating the extent of southern rights,,
nor referred to, as the Missouri compromise, has
been referred to in recent debate, as a southern
measure.
Mr- MAURICE. The gentleman is welcome
to the effect of his explanation. It doss not, it
seems to me, present the matter in any very dif-
ferent light.
1 did not come here to-day, sir, either prepared
or intending to say one single syllable io defense
of an act which our duty to our constituents im-
posed upon us as an act of necessity. If I had
had an opportunity, during the progress of ihe
debate, of expressing my sentiments in relation to
the Nebraska and Kansas bill, I would, perhaps,
never have troubled my constituents or the gentle-
man from Louisiana with any remarks in relation
to that bill, in the form of an address.
The gentleman, after commenting in terms
which I hope are satisfactory to him on one por-
tion of the address, proceeded to say that if we
had stopped there, although he could not sub-
scribe to the sentiments expressed, he would not
have felt it incumbent upon him to" have drawn
the attention of the House to the sybject^ but that
as a Representative of the State of Louisiana—
and permit me to say here, that I regard the
members f'om the State of Louisiana, and partic-
ularly one gentleman representing that State, with
higher feelings of regard and esteem than any'
other gentleman upon this floor, save those who
come from my own State—as a Louieianian he
felt it incumbent upon him to defend th6 present
Minister to Spain from what he supposed to be
uncalled for assaults upon that gentleman, and he
even went so far as to say that they weft neither
" manly" nor " chivalric."
Now, 1 put it to the gentleman, whether there
is one single word in all that we have said in rela-
tion to the Minister to Spain, that is not fully .
warranted bythe^ruth? Did not his appointment
as Minister to Spain awaken alarm and apprehen-
sion ? Did not the known opinions and political
sentiments of that gentleman induce a feeling of
dread and apprehension that was not confined to
the North? Did it not extend over the whole
country? and has it not been fully justified by the
results? The conduct of that gentleman since he
has been at Madrid, has brought anythingbut
honor upon the American name. I ask the gen-
tleman from Lousiana, if it is not so? I should
be glad to hear the gentleman in reply.
Mr. PERKINS. The gentleman from New
York has asked me a question, and desires an
answer. I will give him one, but I should prefer
doing so after the gentleman has concluded his
remarks.
Mr. MAURICE. I will proceed then. The
next passage in the address, to which the gentle-
men from Louisiana chooses to take exception, is
that portion wherein we allude to the fact, not as
a matter coming within our personal knowledge,
but of which we had credible information, that the
Black Warrior at Havana afforded to Mr. Soule
the opportunity of addressing a communication
to the Spanish Court " so insolent in tone, so
peremptory in manner, and couched in language
of a characterso insulting, as to render compliance
with his demands in the highest degree improb-
able." The irentleman from Louisiana takes a
