1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
or the session of a Legislature. I think I am safe
in affirming, that nowhere, in popular or legislative
language, does this word " meeting" mean " ses-
sion." Certainly the framers of the Constitution
did not intend it in that sense. On the contrary,
if we refer to other clauses in which the word is
employed, we find it always used in the sense
given hy the lexicons—" the coming together."
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who
addressed the Senate on yesterday, read three
clauses in which the word session occurs—in all
cases comprehending the whole period between the
first meeting and the final adjournment. There is,
therefore, no warrant for the assumption that
"meeting," in the clause under consideration,
means session.
But if " meeting" means " session." as con-
tended for by the Senator from North Carolina,
one of two consequences must follow: either that
it has a signification when applied to the Execu-
tive power that it has not when applied to the
tenure of the appointment, or else the Executive
power of appointment runs pari passu with the
power of the Legislature, from the first meeting to
the close of the session. Letit be remembered that
the grant of power to the Executive and to the Le-
gislature, incases of vacancy, during the recess—
and there is no limit of the Executive power but
what is found in the words "until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature;" and if that means the end
of the next session, then the Executive may make
temporary appointments as well after the meeting
as before.
The Senator from North Carolina, however,
contends, as I understand him, that the power of
the Executive is not limited by the clause in ques-
tion, but from its nature continues only during
the recess, because the grant is made from neces-
sity, and the power expires when that necessity
no longer exists, that is, at the commencement of
the next session of the Legislature. When the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] whose
seat is now in question, replied that the necessity
was quite as great after the Legislature adjourned
as before the commencement of the session, the
Senator from North Carolina said that it was not
the necessity for making an appointment, but the
necessity for the grant of power to the Executive.
Mr. BADGfER. My friend entirely misunder-
stood me. The application made by the Senator
from Vermont of the expression " necessity," as
used by me, was, that there was a necessity for
keeping the Senate full. I said that was not the
necessity of which I spoke. The Constitution
thought it proper and right, and reasonable and
just, that every State should have a full repre-
sentation; and consequently it provided, and the
necessity of the case required, when a vacancy oc-
curred in the recess of the Legislature, that body,
the appointing power of the Senate beins: not able
to act, that the appointing power should devolve
elsewhere, to wit, in the Governor. The neces-
sity was not thut of having a repiesentation here,
but it was the necessity of devolving the power
upon the Governor, the Legislature not being m
session, in order that what the Constitution deemed
to be right, proper, and just towards the States
should be carried out.
Mr. GEYER. Precisely so. I didnotmisunder-
stand the Senator from North Carolina. But the
necessity for conferring the power of appointment
on the Executivebeforethemeeting of theLegisla-
ture is not greater than it is after the adjournment
without filling the vacancy. There is the same
necessity that the office should be filled, and the
same necessity for a deposit of the power of ap- j
pointment after the close as before the commence- '
ment of the session So that nothing is gamed by I
the argument of the Senator, so far as the limita- j
tion of the power of the Executive is concerned; j
and we are obliged to return to the phraseology of j
the Constitution, which authorizes the exercise of ;
the power only until the next meeting of the Le- ,
gislature. !
The honorable Senator [Mr. Badger] relies j
upon the word " then" as indicating the peculiar j
signification which lie gives to " meeting." Now ]
I suppose that one word may sometimes be of j
service m determining, in which of several known i
significations, another word in the same clause is ;
Used; but it can never be made available to change j
the meaning, or authorize the substitution of an- j
otherword. Another objection to the use attempt- j,
ed to be made of the word " then," upon which i:
the Senator from North Carolina relies with so
much confidence, is, that the vacancy must con-
tinue in this case until the fourth of March, 1855;
and in every case in which there happens a va-
cancy not filled at the close of a session of the
Legislature, the seat will remain vacant until the
original term expires. If the Legislature must
then, (during that session,) and at no other time,
fill the vacancy, the seat in controversy may be
vacated by a vote of the Senate, but Vermont
cannot fill the vacancy.
Mr. BADGER. The Constitution has already
conferred the power to elect Senators. The lan-
guage there is imperative, that at the next meet-
ing of the Legislature they shall fill the vacancy.
It is not to confer a power, but to require the dis-
charge of a duty.
Mr. GEYER. The appointment of Senators
for the full term of six years is provided for by
the first clause of the third section, but that clause
does not authorize appointments to supply vacan-
cies; such appointments are provided for only in
the second clause of the same section, and no
where else in the Constitution.
Mr. President, I cannot better express my un-
derstanding of the true construction of the Con-
stitution than by reading from the speech of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
delivered when the report on the case of Mr. Win-
throp was before the Senate. And I will here say,
that if I am in error, I must attribute it to the re-
port of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
, Butler] in that case, and the speech of the hon-
i orable Senator from Virginia. I will now read a
j few sentences from that speech, which, I think,
i has not been answered. The honorable Senator
| said:
| " I submit, tlien, with perfect confidence, that the word
j f until'is intended to limit the penod within which the
I Executive may appoint, and to limit nothing else. The
i Executive may appoint until the Legislature meets. But
when liie Legislature meets, the power vested m the Ex-
ecutive ends. The word < until,'then, limits the time
within which this duty shall be discharged by the Execu-
tive, arid it limit? nothing else. It has been construed by
some, [ believe, to limit the period during which the ap-
pointee of the Executive shall continue in the Senate. It
does not fix such limit at all. The term of the office is six
years; and if a 'vacancy' occurs in that term, that vacancy,
in the contemplation of the Constitution, is not filled until
somebody is appointed for the whole of the remainder of
the term."
* *• # * # # * *
" It is asked what would be the case if the Legislature
does not fill the vacancy ? It is not in the power of the
Constitution, by any mandate, to coeice the appointing
power. Tfte Legislature may or may not act, as it may
acem best. There is no means by which you can compel a
Legislature to discharge its duties; but if the Legislature
does not fill the vacancy, I appiHiend the temporary ap-
pointment would continue. Theie i-s no limit to that tem-
j poiary appoint ment but the filling of the vacancy. Nothing
i ends the temporaiy appointment but the filling of the va-
| eancy."
i This is precisely the view I take of the ques-
tion, expressed in better language than I can com-
mand.
I now read from the report made by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] then,
as now, chairman of the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary: |
u Your committee are of the opinion that the sitting
member under Executive appointment lia^andit to oc- j
cupy his seat until the vacancy shall be filled by theLegis- ;
lature of (lie Stale of which he i.> a Senator, dunns? the |
next meeting thereof. To fill such vacancy, it jc not only i
necessary to make an election, but that the person elected !
shall accept the appointment.'-* j
According to this report, the duration of the j
temporary appointment depends not upon the t
meeting or the adjournment of the Legislature, but j
upon other events—an appointment to supply the |
vacancy, and the acceptance by the person ap- j
pointed. The appointment and acceptance alone'
1 put an end to the temporary appointment. It can- /
not be that the temporary appointment is ter-
minated by the close of the session, if it is to con-
tinue until the acceptance of an appointment by *
the Legislature. The person appointed may not
accent at all, or not until after the adjournment of ■
the Legislature. In fact, he may be dead at the \
time of the election, and that fact unknown to the '
Legislature then, or at the time of adjournment;
but, according to report, the temporary appoint- j'
ment continues until there is an acceptance. Jj
It appeared to me very clear that the strength '
of the argument in Mr. Winfhrop's case was de- !■
oidedly against those who contended that the :,
appointment was limited to the meeting of the!
Legislature, and in favor of the position maintained il
| by the Senators from South Carolina and Virginia,
j that the limitation applied only to the power of the
! Executive, and not to the tenure of the appoint-
| ment—which I think is the true interpretation of
j the clause in question. If, as it has often been
| decided, the "temporary" appointment extends
beyond the first day of the session, there is no
limit but in the nature of the appointment, unless
we substitute " session " for "meeting," or attach
to the latter a signification that does not belong to
The appointment is qualified only by the ad-
jective " temporary," but the power to fill the
i vacancy is vested by the same clause in the Le-
^ gislature, which power may be exercised on the •
i instant of their next meeting, or at any timethere-
, after. And this, I suppose, to be the meaning of
the words " which shall then fill such vacancies."
I trust, Mr. President, that I have made myself
understood; and if I have, I am sure I said enough
to justify my concurrence in the report of the
committee, and to defend the opinions I have ex-
j pressed on the question under consideration.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, supposing that
| whenever the question is taken on the resolution
' now pending before us, I shall vote upon it, and dif-
fering, as I do, in some respects, from the views sub-
mitted by Senators on both sides, I shall ask the
attention ofthe Senate for afew minutes, not while
I argue the question, but only while 1 state the
| grounds upon which my vote will rest. 1 then,
sir, for the purpose of illustrating my own views,
submit, that what is termed the primary power to
appoint Senators is vested in the Legislatures of
the respective States. Having done that, the
framers of the Constitution evidently deemed it
' necessary to provide for the happening of vacan-
; cies when there should be no Legislature in ses-
< sion. To provide for such a contingency, there-
fore, we find the provision in the Constitution, to
i which reference has been so frequently made in
: the course of this debate, for the purpose of ascer-
; faming how that vacancy can be filled. It pro-
I vides, that temporary appointments may be made
. by the Executive. Now let me ask Senators to
! suppose that the provision stopped at that point,
and, to make myself clearly understood, I will
refer to the very language:
"And if vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise,
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appointments."
I ask, sir, suppose the language had stopped
there? Two questions would have arisen: first, how
long can he make those appointments-—for what
length of time ? That question is answered by the
words, " untilthenextmeeting ofthe Legislature,"
clearly; and it seems to me, and has from the be-
ginning of this discussion, nothing short of a per-
version of the English language, to assume that
the words " until the next meeting of the Legis-
lature," qualify anything except the power of the
Executive to appoint. As I said, the mere inter-
rogatory—how long may he make these temporary
appointments?—is answered by the words " until
the next meeting of the Legislature," and he may
make just as many as shall be necessary. If he
appoint an individual who declines, he may ap-
point another. If his appointee dies or resigns,
■ lie may appoint another; and so on successively
; " until the next meeting of the Legislature."
What is the other question? It is as to the
tenure of the appointment after the Executive has
made it. And 1 submitagam, that if thelanguage
were this: "And if vacancies happen, by resigna-
tion or otheiwise, duiing the recess of the Legis-
lature of any State, the Executive thereof may
make temporary appointments until thenextmeet-
ing of the Legislature"—if that were the only pro-
vision in the Constitution, there would be no limit
upon the tenure of that appointment except that
ofthe original term, the vacancy in which the ap-
pointment was intended to supply. But the very
next words which follow, in my judgment, do limit
it: "which shall then fill such vacancies." To
what does the word "which" refer? To the
Legislature. The Constitution,then, havinggiven,
in the previous language, the power of the Gov-
ernor to appoint, by this language terminates the
limitation of the ofHce; and why? By providing
distinctly how and when another appointment
shall be made—not a temporary appointment, as
the first, made by the Executive, is designated,
but an appointment which shall fill the vacancy;
that is, they shall appoint for the whole unexpired
