2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
fif n improperly applied; whether, in the opinion of the
Attorney General, the sa;d treaty and the supplement have
bt en faithfully, and in good faith carried into execution on
the part of the United States, agreeably to the letter and
spirit; and whether anything yet remains to be done by the
United States fully to comply with her obligations to the
Cbf,rokee«, growing out of, and provided for by, the treaties
of 1817,1819, and 1S35 and 183fi ; also all treaties affecting
the rights of the Cherokee* who inhabited and were located
i ii the country west of the Mississippi.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION TO MONDAY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had agreed to the resolu-
tion of the Senate extending the time for the ad-
journment of Congress, with an amenarnent, in
which they requested the Senate's concurrence.
The original resolution of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
Resolved, (tho House of Representative concurring,)
That the time fixed by the resolution oi the 1st July for th>-
adjournment of the present se$Mon of Congress he, and the
same is hereby, extended to Monday next, the 7th instant,
at twelve o'clock, in.
The House amended it by striking out all after
the word " to," and inserting:
Monday, August 7, at eight o'clock, a. in. : Provided,
That no motion other than one to adjourn shall be taken by
either House after the houroffuur o'clock, p. m., this day*.
The amendment was concurred in.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a bill to carry into,
effect the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, signed on the 5th of June, 1854,
in which tliey requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The bill was read twice by its title; and,
On motion hy Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its object is to authorize the President of the
United States, whenever he shall have sufficient
evidence that the Imperial Parliament of Great
Britain, and the Provincial Pat liaments of Canada,
New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Ed-
ward's Island, shall have passed laws to give full
effect to the provisions of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, signed 5th Juife,
1854, to issue a proclamation declaring that he
has such evidence, and thereupon, from the date
of his proclamation, the articles enumerated in
the treaty, being the growth and produce of Can-
ada, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince
Edward's Island, shall be introduced into the
United States free of duty, so long as the treaty
remains in force, subject, however, to be sus-
pended in relation to the trade of Canada on the
conditions mentioned in the fourth article of the
treaty, and all other conditions of the treaty.
It also provides that, whenever the Province of
New Foundland shall pveita consentto the terms
of thetreaty,and whenever the Legislature thereof,
and the Imperial Parliament of Great Britain, pass
the necessary laws for that purpose, the enumer-
ated articles may be introduced, free of duty, into
the United States from that Province.
Mr. PEARCE- it is not my intention to inter-
pose any parliamentary objection to the passage
of this bill, and still less is it my intention to
argue against the provisions of the bill. But I
am not willing that it shall be passed without
making it known publicly that neither the treaty,
nor the bill consequent upon-it, meets my ap'pro-
bation. I am utterly opposed to them. 3 wish
that to be known.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passcdv
MATTHEW JACK.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, the Senate, as in
, Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
£Eouse bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Matthew Jack,deceased, which had been reported
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
with an amendment.
The object of the bill ia to direct the Secretary
pf the Treasury to pay to the heirs of Captain
^Jack, of the Pennsylvania line of the Continental
^establishment in the revolutionary war one year's
extra pay of a captain, as promised by resolves !
of Congress, together with the interest on the j
game. ' j
Xhe amendment of the committee, which w&s i
to strike out " together with the interest on the
same," was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
ROBERT P. AND LOUISA M?GUIRE.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, she Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill " for the relief of Robert F. McGuire
arid Louisa, his wife, late Louisa Lamy."
It proposes to confirm their title to a certain
tract of land in the State of Louisiana, containing
four hundred arpents, situate in and being a part
of the " Baron de Bastrop grant/'being the same
tract to ^rhich McGuire and wife derived their
title from.the conveyanceof A. Morehouse, dated
April 17, 1809; but this grant is to be considered
only as a relinquishment of title on the part of the
United Slates to the tract^and not to prejudice the
rights of third persons.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
CLERICAL FORCE IN THE LAND OFFICE.
Mr. STUART, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
" to enable the Secretary of the Interior to retain
the present force m the General Land Office till
the next session of Congress;" which was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to retain the temporary force now em-
ployed in the General Land Office until the next
session of the present Congress, to enable him to
adapt the land system to the provisions of the
graduation act of the present session.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed, was read a third
time, and passed.
JULTA AIKEN.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, the bill of the
House for the relief of Julia Aiken was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
Julia Aiken, the only child of William Yool, who
died in the naval service of the United States in
the year 1801, on her sole and separate receipt,
and for her sole use and control, the amount of
pension she would have been entitled to receive
under the provisions of the act of March 3, 1837,
if her claim had been allowed while that act was
in force.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
Mr. BUTLER. I nsk the Senate to take up
House bill "for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, surety for a former postmaster at Norfolk,
Virginia." It was unanimously agreed upon by
the Committee on the Judiciary. It is an act of
justice.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, considered the bill.
It provides that a certain judgment rendered in
1842, against Thomas Ap Catesby Jones and
Duncan Robertson, as sureties for Walter P.
Jones, formerly postmaster at Norfolk, Virginia,
for $4,387 09, on account of the defalcation of the
postmaster as such, shall be declared satisfied, in
so far as the suieties, or either of them, are liable
thereon. It also provides that $3,500 heretofore
paid by T. A. C. Jones, through his agent, on
the judgment, shall be refunded.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thiid reading, read a
third time, and passed.
STATISTICAL INFORMATION.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the hill which I introduced a
week since, "to amend the act requiring foreign
regulations of commerce to be laid annually before
Congiess," appioved the 16th of August, 1842,
and for other purposes."
Mr TOOMBS. I hope that bill will be taken
up It is one which directs the Secretary of State
to gather valuable information which will be use-
ful to the country.
Mr. MALLORY. There is f&yor&ble report
from the Department of-State recommending this
bill; and it is important that it should be passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. We ought to do something
for the public, when we have been doing so much
/or private claimants. 1 hope the motion of the
Senator will be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It provides that, in order to enable the Depart-
ment of State to make the report mentioned in the
act of August 16, 1842, at the commencement of
every session of Congress, it shall be the duty
of the respective mmisteis, consuls, commercial
agents, and other officers of* the United States in
foreign countries, to procure and transmit to the
Department authentic statistical accounts of such
countries, and information as to ship-building,
shipping, navigation, seamen, tariffs of duties
^upon exports and impoits, pilotage, port dues, and
"other like charges, harbor regulations, and all laws
and regulations relating to trade and commerce,
and also as to improvements m the mechanical
arts, and in agriculture, and likewise in reference
to .all other subjects the Department may direct.
The reports of the officers are to be made in such
manner and form and time as the Department shali
prescribe; and-when the publication of any such
information shall be deemed to be of public utility,
the Department may publish it as itm y deem best.
To enable the Department to reimburse the offi-
cers for expenses, they may necessarily incur,
under its authoiity and instructions, the sum of
$20,000 is to be appropriated annually, so long as
the act shall remain in for^e; and it is made the
duty of the Secretary of State, with the annual
report, to state the particulars of the expenditures,
and also to report the names of any of the officers
who have been rfemiss in their duty enjoined by
the act.
The President of the United States is to cause
to be prepared full and particular statements and
tables, from the organization of the Government
to the 30th of June, 1854, and of each year, and
of each port, district, and State,as nearly as prac-
ticable, of the imports and exports, (domestic
and foreign,) quantity and value, whence imported
or whither exported, the duties thereon when im-
ported into the United States, what entered subject
to drawback, debentures paid,goods warehoused,
and the number and class of sailing, steam, and
all other vessels in foreign, coasting, river, lake, or
casual trade, or in whale or cod or mackerel fish-
eries, the tonnage thereof, and of light-houses*
and of the coast survey, and of seamen and boys
in each kind of trade, and of marine hospitals and
hospital money, and of the post offices and post
roads, and of the improvement of rivers and har-
bors and internal improvements, and of the ju-
diciary, and of the public debt, direct taxes, and
of the receipts and expenditures of each branch
of the Federal Government, and generally of the
agricultural, mineral, and commercial resources
of each of the United States; to be compiled in
such mode, form and manner, as he shall deem
expedient, and with such comparative statements,
notes, and references, as may be proper to eluci-
date the same. The work is to be submitted to
Congress as early as practicable- And to enable
it to be prepared, the sum of $20,000 is appropri-
ated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
BENJAMIN METOYER.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL,theSenate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of the legal heirs of Ben-
jamin Metoyer, which had been reported, without
amendment, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
It proposes to authorize Benjamin Metoyer, of
Natchitoches parish, Louisiana, to enter for him-
self and the other heirs of Benjamin Metoyer,
dec°8sed, as near may be by legal subdivisions,
one hundred ain*twenty-three and twelve one-
hundredths acres of land, out of any public lands
belonging to the United States.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
CHARLES PAVIE.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL. the Senate, as in
