1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ringgold and Taylor counties, to Clarinda, in Page county.
From Council Bluffs, Iowa, m Winter Quarters, to Foit
Calhoun, in Nebraska Territory.
From Magnolia, Iowa, to Fort Calhoun, Nebraska Ter-
ritory.
From Nebraska City, NebraskaTerritory, via Belleview,
to Omaha City, and Winter Quarters, to Fort Calhoun, in
said Territory.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of R. A. Kittle-
well, civil engineer on Boundary Commission, be with-
drawn from the files of the House, for the purpose of
reference to one of the Departments.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That from and after Saturday next, and until
otherwise ordered, the daily hour of meeting of this House
shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. KNOX objecting, the resolution was not
received.
Mr, EDMANDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to submit several re-
ports which I have here from the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In my judgment
the best course for us to pursue is to call for
reports from all the committees in their regular
order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
gentleman proposes to report back several mat-
ters that they may be leferred to other commit-
tees.
Mr. JONES. 1 object, and call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in ordpr
is the consideration of a resolution reported from
the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. McDOUGALL, it was
Oulered, That the petition and papers of J. Rutherford
Worcester be withdrawn trom the filewof the [louse, for the
purpose of introduction to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill,ofwhicb previous notice
had been given; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands:
A bill granting the unsold public land in the
Yincennes land district, in the State of Indiana,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Vm-
cennes to Crawfordsville, and from Vmcennes to
Indianapolis, in said State.
Mr. DICK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce the following res-
olution:
Revoked, That in view of the great commercial and na-
tional interests in the navigation of our northern lakes, the
Committee on Naval Affairs be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a navy-yard, depot, and dry-
dock, at some suitable point on faid lakes, and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER objecting, the resolution was
not received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair )
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee for consideration is House hill No.
295, for the construction of a Pacific railroad. The
gentleman fiom Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. STANTON. 1 will set an example to the
committee. Desiring to see our business progress,
1 shall say nothing, except that I shall vote for
the bill.
Mr. COBB. If nobody wishes to speak to the
bill, I have an amendment which I will ofter.
Mr. BRIDGES. I would say, Mr. Chairman,
that I have prepared some remarks on the IJacific
railroad bill, which, with the permission of the
committee, that no time may be consumed in their
delivery, I shall print as a portion of our proceed-
ings. I am opposed to the measure on constitu-
tional principles.
[This speech will he found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HENDRICKS said he did not rise to advo-
cate the passage of the Pacific railroad bill, but to
speak with regard to the pubhclands. He would,
however, remark, that as he now understood the
subject, he could not give to the measure his sup-
port. He was anxious that such a bill should be
framed as would enable him to give to it his sanc-
tion. The bill assumes that Congress ought not
to establish this route, but that it should be se-
lected by the Executive Department. Until it
shall be shown that the central route (concerning
the section of country which he, in part, repre-
sents) is not the right one, he would not support
the bill which excludes it.
With regard to giving lands, on easy terms, to
settlers, and dittributing them among the States,
he was for the former proposition, and, as a con-
sequence, against the latter. These two measures
are incompatible, and cannot stand together.
Pie avowed his opposition to the bill granting
lands for the benefit of the indigent insane, and to
the bill introduced by Mr. Bennett, proposing to
distribute lands among the several States for inter-
nal improvement and educational purposes. The
duty and power of Congress, he contended, do
not extend to those subjects. Although he (lid not
concur in all the views of the President in his re-
cent veto message, he indorsed the veto. It would
give the Administration a high position in the
country.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DISNEY said that it was his purpose to
avail himself of the present occasion to finish the
speech commenced by him some three or four
weeks ago, which he was prevented from conclud-
ing by the expiration of his hour.
lie then resumed his argument against the land j
bill heretofore reported by Mr. Bennett, from
the Committee on Public Lands, and proceeded to
show that, in all the donations made by the Gov-
ernment, the Government had not, in a single in-
stance, omitted to make each grant inure directly
and immediately to its own pecuniary advantage,
and not to the benefit of the respective States. j
He also argued that never, in the history of
the Government, nor in the history of private j
ownership, was there so rigid an economy prac- j
tised as had been pursued by the General Gov-
ernment in relation to its domain. Its course had
ever been rigorous, exacting, and oppressive.
He also argued to show that of all the absurd
ideas which had ever entered into the minds of
men, the idea that the new States had been favored
by grants of the public lands was preeminently
and par excellence, the most absurd.
He then commented on the minority report on
the bill which he was opposing, and declared that
it did not contain a single truth.
[See Appendix for the speech.]
Mr. CHANDLER, obtained the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will thegentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to make a personal expla-
nation ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish simply to correct
an error into which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. IIf.xdricks] lias fallen this morning, in re-
sard to the character of the bill reported from the
select committee. It was assumed by that gen-
tleman th.it the Executive Departments of the
Government would locate the line of road pro-
vided for by the bill. The gentleman misread the
bill. It provides that the companies who under-
take the work—whoever supplies the capital ne-
cessary to construct the road—shall have the loca-
tion of its line.
I wish to make another remark here in behalf
of the committee. Since this bill was reported to j
the House, the committee have agreed to change 1
the limitation of the northern line m the South so as
to accommodate, not merely the extreme northern
route, but any one of the lines that may be found
to be practicable between ihe Mississippi and the
Pacific. I make this statement so that the bill I
may not be misunderstood, nor the action of the ,
committee in regard to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the gentleman from !
Pennsylvania allow me a moment? j
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. :
Mr. HENDRICKS. In my remarks this j
morning, I did not undeitake to read the bill. I \
undertook merely to give its general effect. The j
bill, as reported by the committee, authorizes the j
Secretary of War to contract for the construction |
of two lines of railroads. But it provides that ;
| the Secretary of War shall not accept of any con- j
I tract for the construction of a road over the south- I
ern route, north of 37° north latitude, and pro-
vides that the eastern terminus of the northern
route shall be in the Territory of Minnesota. So
that, under the provisions of this bill, the Secretary
could not contract for the construction of any
route terminating at St. Louis. 1 did not under-
stand or misrepresent the effect of the bill. I am
glad to hear the gentleman say that this objection
to his bill, which I suggested, will be removed by
the action of his committee. That will remove one
very impoitant objection which I have to the bill
Mr. CHANDLER said he felt a deep interest
in the Pacific railroad bill. Representing a com-
mercial community, he naturally desired to extend
commerce; but he believed this was not the time
to disfcuss the subject. He hoped the measure
was not dead, even if allowed to sleep.
He rose to discuss another matter, namely, the
bill now pending relating to the proposed change
in carrying letters and other mailable matter
requiring pre-pay went, and increasing the price of
a single letter from three to five cents. He then
opposed the bill at length, answering arguments
which had been advanced in its favor.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, did not doubt
the constitutionality of the Government to grant
sections of land for the purpose of building rail-
roads, especially for one so national in its object
as that which was to connect the great valley of
the Mississippi with the Pacific ocean.
We already had, from the shores of the Atlan-
tic to the Mississippi, every convenience for travel
and transportation which the inventions of the
age had supplied; and he understood that there
was now in progress, and authorized by law, a
railroad from St. Louis to the junction of the
Kansas river wilh the Missouri river, which was
likely to be completed in the course of two or
three years. This was the position of the coun-
try. But the question was, whether this was a
proper bill ? Like his colleague, [Mr. Smith,]
he affirmed that this was to be a Government
road, and nothing else, in substance. This he
proceeded to prove, and on this ground he opposed
the bill.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION MR. GIDDINGS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The committee may recollect,
that on the 27th April the member from Virginia,
over the way, [Mr. Smith,] took occasion to assail
the memory of a distinguished statesman, once a
member of this body, Hon. John dtiincy Adams.
In the same speech tie also took occasion to make
an assault upon myself.
To these attacks I responded the next morning,
by way of personal explanation, to Which he re-
plied. In his replication he made no attempt to
prove the charges hehad advanced on theprevious
day, but hud recourse to so many other and new
assertions, that 1 think justice to that member,
as well as to myself and friends with whom I
long served in this body, demands at my hands
an exposure of his second effort to misrepresent
matters of history. I am told that this is unne-
cessary, that the public will have the facts before
them, and will look upon all attempts to misrep-
resent public men with the proper degree of rep-
robation.
But the member to whom I refer holds a seat in
this Hall; and what he says will be regarded as
coming from one acting in a high and honorable
station; and if his statements go out to the coun-
try uncontradicted, many people will take them
as true. Again I may say that his second attack
wiil necessarily call out some historic farts not
yet published, but which the present occasion
appears to afford a suitable opportunity to meike
known.
In his speech on the 27th April, the member
said:
c- Did they not nil know that n di<rtn^ui,'h0ii mun, John
Q,ijincv Adam", had "tapped down from the 'Chief M «h-
tiacy and thn question, saying that sooner than
stop agitation Ji« would hre millitmsof southern hearths
drenched in blood
Conscious that Mr, Adams, on no occasion,
spoke of agitation in connection with bloodshed,
and feeling, as all who were acquainted with him
must feel, that such a declaration was opposed to
ali hia habits of thought, his course of reasoning,
his language and mode of expression, I charac-
terized the assertion as an " unmitigated misrepre-
sent a/ion."
