1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64!?
lature of Vermont brought about that event? Has
the contingency happened which is to determine
the right of the Senator from Vermont to occupy
his seat? I think not. If then you cannot find
in the Constitution a limit to the office excapt in
so far as it is limited by the happening of this
event, 1 ask, is it not a forced construction which
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Toccet]
would put upon the Constitution, when he makes
the word "until" limit as well the tenure of the
office as the time within which the Governor
shall exercise the appointing power. I think
that, and not the construction given by those who
take the opposite view, is the forced construction.
He would evidently do violence to the grammatical
construction of the sentence, and I cannot believe
the framers of the Constitution were such poor
grammarians that they could not construct a sen-
tence as simple as this is, so as to express their
meaning. I have no doubt that the meaning of the i
convention was precisely what they have expressed i
in the Constitution, that, until the next meeting of i
the Legislature, the Governor may make tempo- i
rary appointments, and that then, that is after- {
wards, the Legislature may fill the vacancy; and j
when it is filled, and not before, the office created j
or the seat conferred by the temporary appoint-
ment shall be ended.
It will not do to say, in answer to this, that the
temporary appointment spoken of in the Consti-
tution might run on to the end of the full term.
Suppose it should, and suppose the State says she
is satisfied with the manner m which the seat is
filled; and suppose the Legislature, for successive
sessions up to the end of the term, should say,
being satisfied with the sitting member, we will
not elect, who would have a right to complain ?
The original power of appointment exercised by
the Governor was certainly a constitutional power.
The construction which determines the seat of the
sitting member with the meeting or session of the
Legislature is a forced construction of the Con-
stitution; and why? Because you cannot find
any such thing in the Constitution, and the lan-
guage does not authorize any such construction,
and the word " until" does not limit the duration
of the office at all. This is a forced construction,
because while you find nothing in the Constitu-
tion limiting the duration of the office, it speaks
of an event which, in this case, has not yet oc-
curred. The State will turn round to you and
say: "You cannot turn out our sitting member,
because the event on the happening of which his
term was to expire has not occurred, and we think
we are as good judges as you can be of the time
when we shall fill the vacancy, and thus supersede
the appointment of the Governor."
Now, sir, where is the great harm, where is the
great injury, that will result from the construction
for which I contend ? Why, it is said party con-
siderations may influence the appointment; and
views have been presented which would lead one
to suppose that my construction could be repro-
bated only because of the fact that parties might
be differently constituted after the appointment
from what they were before. In other words, it is
supposed that a Governor making an appointment j
may not represent the will of the people. What !|
if he does not? The people certainly have it in :j
their power to elect a Legislature who will repre- .j
sent their views; and when they do it, that Legis- j
lature can elect a Senator whose political senti- |
ments are in accordance with those of the people
of the State. It will not do to complain that the j
people may do themselves the wrong of perpetu- i
ating a Legislature of the same political character j
as the Governor, and who may therefore sustain '
the Governor, and continue the appointee in his ;
seat. If they were content with it we should have !
no right to complain. The State would be repre- j
sented, and nobody would be injured. I
There is really, Mr. President, very little left to
be said on the subject, after the many and very
able arguments which have been made; and I rose
rather for the purpose of glancing at what scraps :
were left, than for the purpose of presenting any j
argument; and to throw out these views, that
gentlemen may reflect and see whether there is in '
fact so much objection to the Senator from Ver-
mont occupying his seat as it is contended there
is. I cannot see where the great harm lies, and I ,
cannot think that it exists after all. 1 am of opin-!
ion, that, in the mind of the convention thntfmmed ,
the Constitution, more importance was attached >
to the fact, that the States should be represented
in this body, than to the manner in which their
representatives should be chosen. I believed the
convention, regarding the States in their sovereign
capacity as equal, the smallest with the greatest,
having the same amount of representation in the
Senate of the United States, felt that it was vitally
important that that equality should be maintained.
They designed, in my opinion, when this clause
of the Constitution was framed, that it should
contribute, as far as possible, to keep up the full
representation of the States in this body, and
therefore, they give to the Governors of the States
the right to appoint in the case of an accidental
vacancy, and they limit the time within which the
right shall be exercised. A Governor may exer-
cise this right until the time of the meeting of the
Legislature. If he exercises it, then, they say,
there is a certain event which shall supeisede his ap-
pointment, but there is no time fixed within which
or at which it shall expire. It is the happening
of the event—the election by the Legislature—
which is to terminate the right of the Executive
appointee to occupy his seat. That event not
having happened in this case, my opinion is, that
the gentleman who claims the seat is entitled to
occupy it, and that Vermont is entitled to her full
representation here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Adams in
the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion ?
Mr. BADGER. It is of the highest import-
ance, from the very nature of the question itself,
that it should be settled by a full Senate. Many
gentlemen are absentnow; and if Senators are not
disposed to discuss the question further, I would
; suggest that, if we could agree by the general un-
i derstandmg of the Senate, that this vote should be
! taken on Monday next, at one o'clock, we should
probably have a fuller attendance than we have
now. It is a question which should not be de-
cided by a bare quorum, and I think there are not
more than thirty-one or thirty-two Senators here
now; and therefore 1 make this suggestion.
Several Senators. Why not to-morrow?
Mr. BADGER. To-morrow is private bill
day; but, by common consent, we might take the
vote then if the Senate desire it.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection in the world
to the suggestion of the Senator from North Car-
olina; but the Senator from Massachusetts told
me this morning—and that led me not to interfere
with the progress of the debate by a motion to go
into Executive session—that he was called away,
and would necessarily be absent fiom the city for
a few days, on an occasion of a good deal of in-
terest and concern. 1 would ask him, therefore,
how far the suggestion of the Senator from North
Carolina would comport with his convenience >
Mr. EVERETT. It would be a great accom-
modation to me if the vote could be taken to-day; j
or, at all events, not later than to-morrow at one i
o'clock, if it can be done without any sacrifice, in |
the opinion of those most nearly interested. j
Several Senators. Take the vote now. Send;
for absent members. :
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to that, if j
the Senate agree to it. I imagine that if the Ser- j
geant-at-Arms were sent out, he could find several
members. We can wait and see, at all events. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no i
motion to postpone. The question is on the adop- j
tion of the resolution. ]
Mr. FOOT called for the yeas and nays, and |
they were ordered. j
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman from Ver- ,
mont [Mr. Phelps] claims a seat in the Senate
in virtue of the appointment conferred by the let-
ter of the Governor of that State, which is in
these terms:
State of Vermont, Executive DepirtMoNt, ) ;
St. JojlN'Miliav, January 17, ) 1
Sir: I liavo the honor to inform the Senate that I j
have tins day appointed the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps, a >
Senator in Consrt^s, to fill the vacancy occasioned hv the i
death of the Hon. William UplidiYi. until sau! vacancy siiail
be provided lln by the Genuial Assembly of the Slate of ;
Vermont. j
I have the honor to be, sir, with lliuh consideration, j
yonr obedient servant, KKAISTT'S FAIKliANKS.
To the Prlsipent of the United State.* Senate.
This appointment was made to fill the vacancy
which happened in the recess of the Legislature
of Vermont, hy the death of Mr. Upham. Mr. !
PiiLLrs was, by this a.iuhority, admitted to a seat
in the Senate at the last session. Since that, the
Legislature met and adjourned without electing fc
Senator. Mr. Phelps claims the seat according
to the terms of the appointment, " until the va-
cancy shall be provided for by the General As-
sembly of Vermont." This case depends upon
the construction of the clause in the third section
of the first article of the Constitution, which,after
providing for the election and regular vacation of
the seats of Senator^ in classes, directs that
11 Ifvacancies happen, hy resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
! thereof may make temporary appointments until the next
| meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such va-
1 cancies."
Thegreat object—thegeneral intent of thisclause
in the Constitution—was to prevent vacancies in the
seats of Senators. That, therefore, ought to he
the principal guide m the construction of the
clause. We ought not so to interpret it as to
create a vacancy, or to permit a vacancy to exist
in any case, if we are not compelled to do so by
express words or necessary implication. And
we are bound to suppose that the framers of the
instrument-have not employed language to defeat
their own object, if we can construe their language
i consistently with that object. If, in the investi-
! gation, we discover that where they desired to
j create vacancies in other offices, under similar cir-
| cumstances, they have used entirely different
j words, and such as leave no room for doubt as to
I their intent, we should, I think, not admit words
| of doubtful meaning in this clause to have the
i same effect to create a vacancy.
] The limitation in this clause is clearly a limita-
tion on the power of the State Executive to
, appoint, and is not a restriction on the appoint-
[ ment itself. " He may make temporary appoint-
; ments until the next meeting of the Legislature,"
: &c. It is not written, and it was not intended,
! that the tenure of the office should continue only
j till that event. To apply the limitation to the ap-
pointment, it would have been necessary to insert
the words " to continue" after the word " appoint-
ments,"and then the clause would have read thus:
" the Executive may make temporary appoint-
ments, to continue until the next meeting of the
Legislature." This construction has been long
settled. Indeed I think it was never doubted that,
by force of these words, the Governor of a State
could not make a temporary appointment at any
moment after the next meeting of the Legislature
succeeding the happening of the vacancy. I be-
lieve this has been held so clear that no Governor
ever ventured to make an appointment while the
Legislature was in session; and in the case of
Kinsey Johns, who was appointed by the Gov-
ernor of Delaware on the 19th day of March, 1794,
after a legislative session held in January, 1794,
to fill a vacancy which happened in the recess by
the resignation of Senator George Reed, on the
18th day of September, 1793, the principle was
decided that no Executive appointment can be of
any validity if made after the next meeting of the
Legislature". The whole course of the Senate on
this subjcct has been uniform. It has settled this,
if it can'settle any thins, that the restriction arising
out of the words " until the next meeting of the
Legislature," is a restriction on the power of the
State Executive to make a temporary appointment
of a Senator, and not upon the term of the office.
In twenty-two cases enumerated in the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary, on the case of
Robert Winthrop, the Senate may be considered
as having fullv sustained the principle that the
temporary appointment by the State Executive
extended beyond the next meeting of the Legis-
lature, and was terminated by an election'of a
successor by the Legislature. This is a judicial
question; and when deciding such a question,
the Senate ought to be as much bound by prece-
dent as any other judicial tribunal. The Senate
never held a single case that the Executive power
of making these temporary appointments extended
beyond the next meeting of the Legislature.
[Mr. C. then entered into an extended argu-
ment to show that " meeting " of the Legislature
and "session " of the Legislature were different
in their meaning—the one applying to the time of
assembling of that body, and the other to the whole
period from that time to the end of the legislative
term; and in reply to Mr. Mason, and others,he
fortified his position by referring to the second
clause of the fourth section of the first article of
