646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
; the Constitution, and to the second section of the
same article, showing the meaning of the word
"meeting," when applied to the assembling of
Congress; also, to the fourth clause of the fifth
section of the first article, and the sixth section of
the same article, and the second section of the sec-
. ond article, showing the meaning of the word
" session," as used by the framers of the instru-
ment. He denied the conclusion to which the ar-
guments of gentlemen who opposed the claim to
this seat had driven theim, that the meeting and
the session were the same in meaning, and that
the meeting was identical with the adjournment.
He then quoted the words of the second article
relative to appointments by the President and
Senate: "That the President shall have power to
fill up all vacancies that may happen during: the
recess of the Senate, by granting commissions
which shall expire at the end of their next ses-
sion."]
This clause is in pari materia with the clause
relating to temporary appointments of Senators by
the State Executive. It is evident that from the
former the framers of the Constitution knew well
enough how to limit these temporary appoint-
ments to the end of a session when they designed
to do so; and the very fact that men so skilled in
the use of language should have totally omitted to
limit the duration of the senatorial appointment
by the State Executive to the expiration of the
legislative session next after the happening of the
vacancy which caused it to be made, was strong
evidence that they had no such meaning as is as-
cribed to them by thoseswho deny the claim of
Mr. Phelps to the seat. No one had attempted
to account for this difference of language on any
other supposition than that the convention meant
a difference in the duration of the terms of office.
The words of the first sentence in the third sec-
tion of the first article are, that(' the Senate of the
United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof,
for six years." The Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] whose remarks presented the strongest
view of the case made to-day by the opposition to
the claimant of the seat, contended that the Legis-
lature m this case would not derive its right to iill
this vacancy hereafter, m case the Senate now
held the seat vacant, from the clause in the third
section, which directs that the State Executive
"may make appointments till the next meeting of
the Legislature, which shall then fill such vacancy."
Will he tell us, then, from what other clause that
Legislature will derive the power to fill tins vacan-
cy for a broken term? The first sentence of the
third section is the only other sentence in the Consti-
tution which provides for a senatorial appointment.
Does the Senator contend, under the authority of
that section, that the Legislature can extend the
term of six years beyond that period? Not he. He
is too sound a lawyer for that. Does he contend
that, by virtue of that provision, the Legislature can
abbreviate the term and elect a Senator for one year
instead of six, thus exercising the power to change
the term and tenure of the office, and to destroy
the permanency of the Senate ? If not, how does
he derive from this sentence the power of the Sen-
ate to elect for a broken term, (of say four or five
years,) caused by the happening of a vacancy
during the recess of the Legislatuie ? Here, in the
third clause of this section, is the power expressly
conferred upon the Legislature of Vermont, to
elect in case this seat is vacated, nothwithstanding
the omission of the Legislature to do it at their first
session after the happening of the vacancy. For
1 hold the reasoning conclusive which would teach
us that the word " then" in this clause does mean
" afterwards," and not "at that time." The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] has ex-
plained and illustrated this so well that 1 will not
repeat the grounds of this opinion. By inter-
preting these words, "the Executive may make
temporary appointments until the next meeting of
the Legislature, which shall then fill such vacan-
cies," to confer the power to fii! the vacancy at
any time after the next meeting, the Legislature,
at a subsequent session, may fiii it. By inter-
preting the same words as the opponents of the
claimant do, to restrict the Legislature to the filling
of the vacancy only at the time of the meeting, or
during the session of the next Legislature, after the
happening of the vacancy, the seat of Mr. Piielps,
if vacated now, would remain vacant to the end of
Mr. Upham's term; for at no subsequent session
could the Legislature fill it; and thus a seat might
remain vacant for five years, "without any power
of the Executive or Legislature to fill it.
Mr. STUART. Will the honorable Senator
point out what clause in the Constitution would
authorize the Legislature to fill a vacancy happen-
ing by resignation or otherwise during its ses-
sion ?
Mr. CLAYTON". There is no clause expressly
conferring such a power, but I concur with the
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,]
that it would be and ought to be exercised as a
fair implication from the third clause m the third
section. The power is expressly given in case of
the vacancy happening in the rccess; first, to the
Executive; second, to the Legislature. But the
denial that this power is conferred by this clause on
the members of the Legislature at any other than
the first session after the vacancy shows to what
straights the opponents of the claimant are driven
to sustain themselves. "Then," means in this
clause "afterwards," and the meaning of thesame
word is sometimes "at the time," sometimes
"therefore," and oftener still ''after!" as if I now
say to the Senate I will take my seat, then the
Senate may vote. The true meaning of the word
may always be gathered from the context or the
intent of those who use it. In this case any other
meaning than "after" leads to palpable absurdi-
ties.
Sir, when this case was first presented to my
consideration, my inclination was against the claim
of the gentleman from Vermont. Subsequent ex-
amination has convinced me of my error. I have
heard with great interest the speeches on both
sides, especially the very able arguments of my
colleague, [Mr. JBayard,] and the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Butler,] and
others. As 1 know the Senate is impatient to vote,
and the hour is late, I shall omit much of what I
intended to say to sustain the clear and cogent rea-
soning of Mr. Piiklps. J arn the better reconciled
to this omission, because 1 think a careful examin-
ation of that argument will satisfy the country of
the justice of his claim without any aid from me.
But let me say, in conclusion, that I hold the
great intent of the whole third section of the first
article to be to prevent or to fill vacancies in the
Senate, not to create them. That construction of
this section which best answers the wishes and
fulfills this great design of the framers of the Con-
stitution (to prevent vacancies) is the construction,
and \he true construction. I have long since
learned, by experience, that vacancies in the spats
here are greatly to be regretted. ( rejoice when I
find a Senator sent to supply a vacancy, viewing
him as a friend, sent to aid and assist me in the
national councils by his advice and his example. I
shall seek to avoi& the evil which the convention
intended to prevent, and however apparent it is, or
may have long been, from the speeches we have
heard, that the Senators present will reject the ap-
plication of the gentleman from Vermont, 1 shall
take both pride and pleasure in recording my vote
in favor of the resolution which recognizes his
right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary, in
these words:
" Resolved, Tiiattlic Hon. Samuel S. Phelps is entitled
to jteiam Ins scat in the Senate ot the United States."
The question being token by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 19, nays 26; as follows:
YJ'AS—MeyiMS. Clayton, DojIsp of Iowa, Everett, Fes-
semten, Foot. Gevor, Morton, Norn?, Sebastian, Wade,
Walker, and Williams—12.
NAY'S—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Brodhoad, Brown, Bntirr, Clay, Dodce of Wisconsin,
I Douglas Evans, Fish, Fjtzpatrick, iJamhn, Hunter. Mason,
Pearce, Pratt, Ru?*k, Seward, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Sum-
ner, and Toucey—2G.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. I desire now to submit a reso-
lution, which f hope the Senate will immediately
consider and adopt:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
ol tiie Senate to the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps a sum equal
to the amount ot'mileage and per diem compensation of a
| Senator, from the day of his attendance at the present ses-
j sion to this day, inclusive.
I The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
! On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 16, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to lay
before the House a communication from the Clerk
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. MATTESON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the proceedings of
certain public meetings held in the county of Oneida,
in the State of New York, without distinction of
party—one held at Rome in the said county on
the 23d of March last, and the other held in the
city of Utica on the 10th instant, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill organizing territo-
i rial governments for Nebraska and Kansas, and
1 protesting against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise.
Objection was made.
SEIZURE OF THE BLACK WARRIOR.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
President's message in relation to the seizure of
the Black Warrior was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. GIDDiNGS. I desire to press the motion
now. I make it solely for the purpose of address-
ing the House for a few moments.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman from
Ohio proceeds, the Chair asks leave to lay before
the House a communication from its Clerk, in
order that it may be referred.
The Clerk read the communication, transmit-
i ting a corrected estimate for the miscellaneous item
in the deficiencies for the Clerk's office; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. A few days since, the House
postponed the consideration of a certain special
order, being House bill No. 1, I think, in regard
to the graduation of the public lands. I pro-
pose an amendment to that bill in the shape of a
substitute, which I ask the House to have printed
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where the bill now is.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before thegentleman
from Ohio commences his remarks on his privi-
leged motion, I would suggest that the communica-
tion from the Clerk, instead of being referred to
the Committee of Wavs and Means, should be
laid upon the table. The deficiency bill is now
under consideration, and there will, perhaps, be
no meeting of the Committee of Ways and Means
before it is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
communication will be laid upon the table instead
of being referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The communication having
been already referred, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky cannot accomplish his purpose except by a
motion to reconsider, objection being made to the
course suggested.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I should like
to inquire if the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio is of so privileged a character that a motion
to lay it on the table would not be in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order if the gentleman from Louisiana could ob-
tain the floor to make it; but he cannot take the
floor from the gentleman from Ohio for that or any
other purpose.
Mr. PERKINS. Then the Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Ohio as entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The floor was regularly as-
signed to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I believe I have the floor.
I am too old a fogy to be caught in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
rises in his place to a privileged question. He was
recognized fey the Chair, and submitted the priv-
ileged motion to reconsider the vote of yesterday,
by which the President's message wasreferred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed. He has the right to occupy the floor
on his motion if he claims it. The motion re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
