1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
In reply, the member read from an address of
Mr. Adams, delivered at Pittsburg many years
since, the following paragraph:
"That slnveiy will be abolished in this country, and
throughout the world, I firmly believe. Whether it will be
done peaccably or by blood, God only knows; but that it
will be accomplished, I have not a doubt; and by whatevei
means, I say let it coine; yes, by whatever means, let it
come,"
Not a word is said in this extract about " agi-
tation," or about "stopping agitation," nor of
14 five millions of southern hearths," nor of having
them " drenched in blood." Not a sentence; not
an expression; not a thought which the member
asserted had been expressed by Mr. Adams, is
proven by the quotation. Rut the member ap-
peared to read this extract with a tone and empha-
sis which seemed to assert, that although Mr.
Adams had not uttered a word or thought which
had been attributed to him, yet he had said some-
thing else; and he proceeded to read from a speech
delivered in this Hall some years since by Mr.
Pillett, of Alabama, extracts which showed that
that gentleman, being a slaveholder, was dissatis-
fied with the ideas which Mr. Adams had actually
advanced. Now, sir, the member having, in this
way, admitted his original assertion to have been
unfounded I shall say no more on that point.
The member appeared to think I ought to have
left the vindication of Mr. Adams to some gentle-
man from Massachusetts. Feeling the injustice
of his attack upon one with whom I had long
served in this body, and perhaps, f may say,
whose friendship and confidence I had enjoyed,
I thought it not my duty only, but the duty of
every member who had served with Mr. Adams,
to repel that assault upon his memory. Nor do I
discover it to he very material to that member from
what quarter the exposure of his misrepresentation
comes. Truth will do him no injustice; and, m
my opinion, it were more manly in him frankly
to acknowledge its force than to complain of lum
who utters it.
In relation to his attacks on myself, it may be
proper that I should refer to their origin. I under-
stand the member to be a slave-breeder m Vir-
ginia, where he rears men and women for the
market, and must, of course, feel a lively interest
in the coast-wise slave trade. In 1841, the slave
ship Cieole cleared from Richmond, bound (o
New Orleans with a full cargo of fathers, motheis,
children, husbands, and \,vives, for the barracoons
of that city. While at sea, beyond the jurisdic-
tion of Virginia laws, the people rose upon the
slave dealers, asserted their right, to freedom, took
possession of the ship, afiet slaying one of the
supercargoes, and landed at Nassau, where, of
course, they found protection under Rntish law.
Our Executive, sympathizing with the slave
dealers, sent instructions to our Minister at Lon-
don, directing hnu on behalf of the slave mer-
chants to demand compensation for their loss of
human flesh; and members of the Senate threat-
ened war m case such indemnity were refused.
Against these attempts to involve the people of
the free States in a war to support the slave trade
my judgment and conscience revolted. I there-
fore prepared resolutions denying the constitu-
tional power of this Government to involve them
m such a disgraceful traffic. I presented them to
this body for consideration, for which a resolution
of censure was passed against me, and I was driven
from my seat here. My constituents sent me back,
instructed to maintain the position I had assumed.
The member from Virginia voted for my censure,
and probably felt the reproof of the people. He
was then silent; but now, aftei twelve years have
past-ed away, he attempts to misrepresent the his-
tory of those transactions in which we were both
so deeply interested.
The member asserted that I introduced into
Congress " resolutions declaring it lawful for ne-
groes to slay the wives and children of their mas-
ters." In answer to this charge, I caused the
resolutions which I introduced to be read at the
Clerk's table. They contained not one thought,
nor sentence, nor intimation, nor allusion which
he had charged.*'* Nor did the member, in his
* The following are the resolutions referred to :
"■ Rooked, That prior to the adoption of our Federal
Comfiiuiion, each of the several Slates composing this
Union, everted lull and exclusive jurisdiction over the
Mibject ot jslavcjy wiilnn its own territory, and possessed
tull power to continue or abolish n at pleasure.
u Resolved, That by adopting the Constitution, no part of
reply, pretend to argue that they contained a word
or thought which he had attributed to them. On
that point he remained mute. Indeed, he seemed
to admit its fabrication. I read his own words on
this point;
" Well, IVTr. Chairman, the member from Ohio has read
the resolutions tor which the House condemned ihm. I
shall not pause to comment upon them
The member might well say he would not pause
to comment on the resolutions. He appeared to
think and feel himself convicted of gross misrep-
resentation on that point. He therefore let that
pass without attempting to justify his charge in
any degree. He then sought to cover his retreat
by other misrepresentations and other fabrications
so flagrant that I deem it my duty to place on the
record of our debates a more full expose than I'
could do by way of personal explanation.
The member then quotes Mr. Everett's words,
not to prove the truth of his own attack, but to
show that Mr. Everett was dissatisfied with me for
introducing the resolutions. Those who will look
back to that period (1842) will find that northern
men were then very sensitive on the subject of
slavery. They looked upon it as a very delicate
matter, the discussion of which would endanger
the Union. Hence the gag-rules of that day. I
cast no imputation upon the statesmen of that
period; but all are conscious that men at that time
generally thought that slavery must not be dis-
cussed, nor referred to, except on very extraordi-
nary occasions, and then with great respect, lest
a dissolution of the Union should follow. And
any man who will consult the record, will find no
intimation from Mr. Everett that my resolutions
were not just and proper of themselves. Indeed,
when introduced, he declared them to be " import-
ant, and therefore moved to lay them on the table
for consideration." Failing in this, he moved a
call of the House. That being voted down, and
supposing the vote about to betaken before he had
an opportunity to examine the resolutions, and
feeling the vexation of his position, he asked to
be excused from voting again, saying the resolu-
tions were important, that he had no time to ex-
amine them, and on that account wished to be
excused from voting. Tie then added the language
quoted, saying he " abhorred the fire-brand course
of the gentleman from Ohio." It was said under
an excitement of the moment, and had reference
to my course in bringing the subject before the
body, and not to the doctrine of the resolutions,
as represented by the member from Virginia; and
this any man must see who consults the record.
I desire to do justice to Mr. Everett. He was at
that time an old member. I served with him long
after the occurrence, and while, like all other
statesmen, he was responsible for his sayings and
actions, it is my duty to protecthis memory from
misrepresentation. For the hasty expression
quoted he made every atonement in his power.
Against the vote of censure he interposed his
voice and influence. There stands the record of
the afmcsiud power wa* delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment, but wa* reserved by, and still pertains to, each of the
several States.
" Resolved, That by the eighth section of the first article
of the Constitution, each of the several States surrendered
to the Federal Government all jurisdictionover the subject*
of commerce and navigation upon the high seas.
" Resolved, That slavery being an abridgement of the nat-
mat rights of man, can exi-tonly by force of positive muni-
cipal law, and is necessarily confined to the jurisdiction of
the powei creating it.
"Revolted, Thai when a ship belonging to the citizens
of any Slate of this Union leaves the waters anil territory
of f-ueli State, and entei* upon the high s-eas, the persons
on board cea.se to be subject to the slave laws of such State,
and thenceforth are governed in their relations to ea^h
other by, and are amenable to, the laws of the United States,
" Reso'vcd, That when the brig Creole, on her late pas-
page to Noiv Oilcans, leu the territorial jurisdiction of Vir-
ginia, the slave laws of that State ceased to have jurisdic-
tion over the persons on board said bug, and they' became
amenable only to the laws ot the United States.
f< Resolved, That the pcr-ons on board '•aid ship, in re-
suming their natuial rights of personal hberlj, violated no
law of the United States, incurred no legal penalty, and are
justly liable to rio punishment.
"Resolved, That all attempts to reonslave said persons
are unauthorized by tho Constitution, or the laws of the
United States, and aie incompatible with our national
honor.
" Resolved, That all attempts to exert our national influ-
ence in favor of the'eoast-wise slave trade, or to place this
nation in the attitude of maintaining a commerce m human
being*, are subversive of the rights and injurious to the
feelings and interests of the fiee States, are unauthorized
by the Constitution, and prejudicial to our national char-
acter."
his vote, in the most emphatic condemnation of
the resolution of censure, and of those who voted
for it. The next morning, with great solemnity,
he offered a resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, That five thousand copies of so much of the
Journal ofyestei day as relates, to the action of this House
in relation to the Hon Joshua R. Giddiugs, be printed
for the use of the members.
"Mr. Campbell, ot South Carolina, desired to be in-
formed whether the motion of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Everett] included the remarks made by that gen-
tleman in relation to the course of the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. Evbrftt. I shall by and bv ask the indulgence
of the House to say a few words on that question."
The vote was then taken on Mr. Everett's mo-
tion to print extra copies of the Journal to be sent
forth to the people, the nameof the member from
Virginia being recorded in the negative. He ap-
peared unwilling to send forth such official report*
though he now appear? ready to give his mis-
representation of it. After that vote was taken,
" Mr. Everett rose, and said he desired t© throw him-
self upon the indulgence of the House to say a word m re-
ply to the gentleman from South Carolina, [MY-Campbell,]
in relation to a remark he had made on a former day."
" Mr. Hopkins objected; other members objected amidst
cries of 'We have all personal explanations to make.' "
These facts are copied from the record of our
proceedings. That shows that Mr. Everett re-
garded my resolutions as important, wanted time
to examine them, moved that " they lie on the
table," and then that there be a call of the House;
that he voted against the resolutions of censure,
and moved the printing of extra copies to be sent
out to the people, and made efforts to explain the
remark quoted by the member from Virginia, but
was not permitted to do so. He is now dead, and
the effort of the member from Virginia to press
that isolated and hasty remark into his service, in
order to make a second assault on me, is but
another evidence of the desperation to which he
was driven by the exposure of his original fabri-
cation. Although I then felt and now feel thafc
Mr. Everett did me injustice in the remark quo-
ted, 1 know that he felt he had done himself a far
greater wrong. 1 know his feelings and charac-
ter, and will not silently permit the member from
Virginia, nor any other man, to place his action
in a false hght.
But the member had recourse to the views of
Mr. Botts, who, though a slaveholder, is a gen-
tleman capable, when he takes time to reflect, of
appreciating the views and sentiments of other
members. He, however, is living, and able to
explain his own actions and protect his own rep-
utation. It is true, however, that he drafted the
resolutions of censure, and no doubt entertained
the views expressed in them. For it is a fact
known to all who then mingled in the debates of
this body, that the right of discussing the consti-
tutionality of slavery, where it existed under the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Government,
was not only denied by slaveholders, but by this
House. We then transacted all our business
under gag-rules, which were voted for and sus-
j tained by many northern members, as well as
those from the South. Why, sir, as I said on a
former occasion, the vote of censure was not
passed on me because my resolutions contained
any erroneous principle, or any doctrine that was
not true; but I was censured for daring to utter
truth in this Hall. That was the gist, the grava-
men of my offense; an act which the member from
Virginia still appears to regard as offensive and
unconstitutional. And this feeling, indulged by
Mr. Botts, is now cited by the member from
Virginia—for what purpose ? Certainly he could
not suppose the resolutions or opinions of Mr.
Bolts in any manner proved or tended to prove
the truth of his assertion; nor could he suppose
any member would understand Mr. Botts's views
as in any manner sustaining his declaration, that
my resolutions " declared it lawful for negroes to
slay women and children." No, sir, I suppose
he intended this reference to Mr. Everett and Mr.
Botts to cover his retreat from the gross misrep-
resentation he had uttered; but he shall not escape
in that manner. I proceed to the next point.
The member, in his speech referred to, speak-
ing of myself and my return to this Hall, used the
following language: " At any rate, the gentleman
did not get the resolution [of censure] repealed.
He came back here, and had the grace actually to
ask Congress to repeal its resolution." With aston-
ishment at the utterance of such an audacious fab-
rication , I inquired from my seat in a distinct voice,
