1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2-215
thinks you cannot consider subjects properly if
there be more than one in the same bill. Let me
ask, how do you consider a fortification bill, when
there are twelve, or fifteen, or fifty objects em-
braced in ir? How do you consider a cmi and
diplomatic bill, in which you have one hundred,
or, it may be, five hundred, different objects? If
you go on and assume the principle that' you can-
not fairly enter into the investigation of a subject,
unless it be in a particular bill, and on that ground
exclude the river and harbor bill, it may as well
be applied to every other appropriation bill.
Now, as a practical measure, Mr. President,
you and I know, and every Senator Knows, that
one hundred and fifty bills for one hundred and
fifty local objects could pot pass this, or any Con-
gress. It is impossible, in the nature of things.
1 may say the same of the civil and diplomatic
billy. If you were to separate them into separate
and distinct items, you never would get them
through. There should be discussion allowed, of
course, and the subjects embraced in the bill
should have some general relation to each other.
The objec's embraced in a river and harbor bill
have, or ought to have, the'same relation to each
other as the items of a civil and diplomatic bill;
and every objection which applies to the one ap-
plies to the other. Therefore, if the resolution is
meart to apply so as to exclude the river and har-
bor bill alone, 1 shall oppose it.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I was entirely
misunderstood. I certainly never supposed or
intimated, that because eight or a dozen oi a hun-
dred propositions were embi need in one bill, they
could not be considered and understood by the
Senate. That is not the objection; but the objec-
tion is, that, although considered and understood,
Senators are not enabled to vote for those which
they approve, and vote against those which they
disapprove.
Mr. CASS. You may say the same of the
civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr PRATT, i am willing to apply it to any
bill. The reason why 1 made an exception of
ordinary appropriation bills is, that they are bills
for the support of the Government, in which there
is no individual or sectional interest which will
produce like feelings and like results, as bills to
which this resolution is intended to refer. The
geneial appropriation bills, too, are to carry out
existing laws. Here is your War Department,
your Navy Department, or any one of the Depart-
ments oftheGovernment, with a number of clerks
employed; and the amount to be paid them is fixed
by law. An appropriation bill is to carry on the
machinery of Government. There is no reason,
therefore, that you should have a separate bill for
each of those appiopnations, to pay $1,000 to
A, a clerk, and $1,000 to B, a clerk. Theie is
no reason for putting such items m separate bills;
but when, as in the bill which was before us a
few days ago, we have presented in the same bill
an appropriation of $100,000 to clear out a river
in Virginia, and $100,000 to make a harbor on the
lakes in New York, we, though able to decide as
to their propriety, cannot vote ajramat tliun with
out voting, also, &g unst gitat objects which our
judgments approve of.
In the bill which was before us a few days ego
there was an appropriation for the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river. Sup-
pose this rule should be adopted; is there a Sena-
tor who hears me who does not know that there
could be no successful opposition to a separate
bill appropriating any necessary sum of money
for the improvement of the M ississippi? In the
same bill there was an appropriation for the im-
piovementof the harbor of Baltimore, an appro
pnation, the expenditure of which would, in a
single year, save to the Government more than
treble the amount. If that proposition was brought
up separately, there is no Senator who can suppose
it would meet with opposition.
The opposition in feeling and judgment to these
bills, on the part of members of this body and the
country at large,grows out of the fact, not, as my
honorablefriend says, that the bill cannot beconsid-
ered; that is not the objection; but the objection
is, that, although you do consider it, and although
you disapprove of this nnd the other item, yet you
are obliged to vote for an item of which you dis-
approve, or else lose appropriations for large
national objects which are of more lmpoi tanee to
the Government than would be lhc 1csj  of eny nf
the appropriations for the inpigmficunt and im-
proper ones
Sir, occupying the position which I do in rela-
tion to the subject of internal improvements,
believing them to be entirely within the constitu-
tional power of tills Government, the sole ques-
tion, as a legislator, which presents itself to me
in one of these bills combining all these objects,
is, whether the appropriation from the public i
Treasurv to objects of national importance, objects j
really useful to the country, and promotive of the j,
public interest, will do more good than the coun- ij
try will be injured by the expenditure for objects |j
not national and not important. You had, for L
example, in the river and harbor bill, an appro- !i
pnation of §1,000,000 to improve the Mississippi, j
and you had other appropriations in it which were !
of gieat importance to thecountry. Accordingto I
my humble judgment, then and now, the country |
would be benefited more by the appropriation of j
those sums of money for those national objects |
than it would be injured by the improper appro- j
pnation for other objects which were included m ,
it; and, therefore, J favored that bill, though 1
would greatly prefer to vote for the proper objects
disconnected from those which were not proper,
and which should not have been placed in the
bill.
Again, sir, the great benefit of this rule will be
that, no matter who may be President, if you can
pass your bill granting an appropriation for a work
of this soty, you can have it signed by the Presi-
de?1!, arid you will not have a proper appiojina-
tion vetoed because the same bill connects with it
a matter which is not national, and which no man
would vote for if it stood by itself. 1 honestly
believe that the rule which I have had the honor
; to present, is one which would be highly benefi-
cial to the legislation of the country, and one
which, if we adopt it, I am sure will meet with
the appioval of the cojistituencyof every Senator
on this floor.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a necessity for an
Executive session arising out of business which
must be transacted, and ought to be done now, if
at all. I move, therefore, to lay aside the resolu-
tion of my colleague, for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT PROM A. STANDING COMMITTEE. !
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee oil ,
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition of
James PI. Smith and Charles Stevens, reported a j
bill for their relief; which was read, and passed to j
a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked'and obtained leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Pierre Cazelau, deceased; ;
which was read a first and second time by its title, j
and referred to the Committee on Private Land ,
| Claims. 1
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. '
On motion by Mr DODGE, of lows, it was
Ov^cjcrf, That William A. Cameron have leave to with-
draw hi? petition and papers.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the con.sideiotion of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STUART. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill making appropriations for the transportation
of the United States mail in ocean steamers, and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1855, have instructed me to report that they
have met the conferees on the part of the House,
and, after full and free conference, have been
unable to agree; and therefore ask for another
committee of conference.
j Mr. PRATT. I should like to hear the par-
! ticulars. What are the points of difference*
j Mr. STUART. There was only one amend-
, ment made to the bill by the Senate, and that was
■ to strike out of the first action the provision
j respecting notice to the Collins line of steamers,
j 1 move that another committee of conference be
! appointed.
1 Mr. PRATT. 1 move that the Senate recede
from that amendment; acd on that question i ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STUART. Is not my motion first in
order >
Mr. HUNTER. A motion to recede takes pre-
cedence, because that settles the question. All
those motions which settle the question take pre-
cedence of others which delay it. A motion to
recede or insist has precedence of a motion for
another conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wblleb.)
The question will be on receding from the amend-
ment indicated by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. JAMES. Is that the first question in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the committee of conference have
been unable to agree, in consequence of a portion
of this bill which the Senate amended. The
amendment of the Senate was to strike out these
words:
" Arnl that the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed,
mitneriMh'ly after the 31st day of December, 1854, to give
ihe notice provided by the fiiat section ot the act entitled
1 An act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1852,' approved
The 21st day ot July, 1852, to terminate The arrangement for
the additional allow ance for the trans-poi tation of Uie Uni-
ted States mail between New York and Liverpool, in the
Collins line of steamers, as therein provided."
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Maryland, that the Senate recede from that
amendment; and on this question he asks for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAYARD. Mr. President, I trust the
Senate will not recede from this amendment, be-
cause \ think it involves a question of good faith.
- There is no hazard in insisting in this case, unless
' it is the determination of the Senate to recede from
1 everything. Here is an appropriation bill, and in
that bill the House have determined to legislate.
The Senate, by their vote, have stricken out the
provision as to legislation. Well, sir, I would
rather see the bill fail than recede. In the first
place, the attempt is to force us into receding from
■ an amendment which strikes out legislation from
: a mere appropriation bill. It is not a case where
any extreme injury can be done, even if the bill
j be lost; and I would rather see the bill leat than
i see a provision adopted by Congress such aa has
been inserted by the House, which, in my judg-
ment, violates the faith of Congress. I do not put
it on the ground of contract, but I put it on the
ground of the good faith of Congress under the
law of 1852; and I do not think any gentleman
can escape from the fair construction of the provi-
sions of that law.
What was the state of facts under which the
law was passed? You had chosen deliberately
i to {#opt the policy which had previously been
adopted by England, of endeavoring to establish
J a set of steamers which could be used for naval pur-
1 poses in the event of war, and which could be used
m postal communication m time of peace. Under
that policy these parties went on and made a con-
tract with you, and built a set of steamers which
' were accepted by your own officers; steamers, I
say, whose subsequent performance bas justified
that acceptance—steamers unequaled by any of
your national marine. You cannot point out to
, me any steamer which you have thathas not been
1 far more liable to cost in repairs, or which has
been half so effective, as any one of these steamers.
Under these circumstances, two sessions of
f Congress ago, the parties who had entered into
this contract came forward and stated to you the
facts that they were unable to carry out the con-
tract, except with increased allowance. The fact
was shown that the British Government had in-
; creased the allowance to their line. The fact was
| shown that their expenditures were large, and
! were much more than what they received. What
; was the action of Congress? They saul the " post-
ages which we receive were not sufficient to re-
munerate up for the outlay; but it is contended
, that they will increa**, and we will give you two
years within which to vindicate the assertion that
the subsequent inertaea of postages will make this
appropria'ion less om-rous for the nation; and if#
after the lapse of thos? two years, 'hat state of
facts shall not exist, then Congress shall have the
option of declaring whether they will put an^end
■ to this contiect on .months* notice/' Now
sir, the attempt ik before the yars havs
