1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
Perkins,] would be strictly in order if he could
obtair^he floor for the purpose of submitting it.
H^annot take the floor from the gentleman from
Ohio for that purpose.
J Mr. GIDDlNGS. Mr. Speaker, I regret that
'the gentleman from Louisiana should feel uneasy
in reference to the motion which I have just sub-
mitted. It is my design to occupy the floor for a
few moments only. If I could feel it consistent
with the duty which I owe to the people and to
this House, the President's message of last even-
ing should remain undisturbed, as it has been
already referred. On hearing it read last evening,
I hoped that some political friend of the present
Administration,some member recognized as such,
would have called the attention of the country to
its extraordinary character. It was not done.
I trusted, if they failed, that some leading gentle-
man who had opposed the election of the present
Executive, would have done what had been neg-
lected by his friends. In that I was also disap-
pointed; and in this extremity I feel constrained
myself to detain the House with a few remarks in
/reference to its character.
/ The circumstances attending the case, so far as
we are informed, are few and simple in their char-
acter. An American steamer named the Black
Warrior (perhaps the name was ominous) cleared
from Mobile for New York, via Havana. On her
arrival, in violation of truth, as is acknowledged
by all the documents which we have received, in
violation of the laws of Spain and the laws of fair
and honest dealing, she was reported through her
accredited officer that she was in ballast, when, in
fact, she had four hundred 01* five hundred bales
of cotton on board. In this there is nothing ex-
traordinary—nothing unusual. It is frequently
the case that steamboats entering foreign as well
as our own ports violate our own revenue laws,
as well as those of other nations. It appears that
the laws of Spain render the commanding officer
of a vessel smuggling goods into that country lia-
ble to fine, and the goods to confiscation. In this
there is nothing in the Spanish laws to distinguish
them from our own or those of any commercial
nation. The laws are those of self-protection. ■
They are those by which the revenues of the Gov-
ernment are secured. Whenever a ship enters
the port of any nation, she voluntarily subjects
herself, her crew, and cargo to its laws. On the
arrival of the Black Warrior, the Spanish offi-
cers of the revenue found these cotton bales on
board, and they were seized and held for trial; and
if condemned, will be confiscated. In this there
was nothing unusual.
I would call the attention of the House and the
country to the fact that it is precisely the same
case in all its bearings which was pursued by our
authorities in regard to the British steamers of the
Cunard line. They have, on more than one oc-
casion, been seized for having goods on board in
violation of our revenue laws. One was seized in
New York precisely as the Black Warrior was
seized. In Boston," since we convened here, an-
other instance occurred. They were seized, and
those goods not mentioned in the manifest were
confiscated. No voice has come from Old Eng-
land in remonstrance. She has not called on her
Parliament to prepare for war. She expccts her
citizens who land in our ports to conform to the
laws and to the revenue system which we have es-
tablished. I will here say, however, that it is said
in some of the documents 011 this subject, that the
British steamers at Cuba have not been subjected
to the Spanish law as the American steamer in
question has been. The statement is, however,
contradicted in the documents before us, by our
consul at Havana. He declares, that on inquiry
of the British consul, it has been ascertained that
the British steamers had been subjected to the
same sr.rutiny, examination, and laws, to which
our steamer was subjected. In this respect we
have received just the same treatment as all other
nations have received, and are now receiving nt the
hands of the Spanish Government in Cuba. Sail-
ing vessels of other nations have been seized and
their cargoes confiscated on. this identical law of
Spain enforced in Cuba.
Sir, as I before remarked, there is nothing to
distinguish this case, so far as we are informed,
from the ten thousand cases that occur from time
to time in our own ports, and in the ports of every
commercial nation in the ciuhzed world; yet. sir,
this case has been regarded by the Executive as
calling for extraordinary attention of Congress
and the people. Some gentlemen in this Hall
seem to have taken an interest in this case above
all others. To that we make r.o objection. The
resolution of the gentleman from Louisiana, across
the way, [Mr. Perkins,] calling for this informa-
tion to be communicated, was most cheerfully
accorded by the unanimous consent of the House.
There is no man within the sound of my voice
who opposed any objection. It was right and
proper that all intelligence on this subject should
be communicated to us. The resolution went to
the President, and in response to that call for in-
formation, we yesterday received a full and com-
plete answer. I will read it, because there should
be no mistake in this business. The President
says:
" In compliance with the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 10th instant, I hereby transmit the
report of the Secretary of dtate, containing all the informa-
tion received at the Department in regard to the seizure of
the Black Warrior at Havana on the 2dth ultimo."
That is the first paragraph in the message of
the President in response to our resolution. It is
full and complete. It is to this extent, in accord-
ance with the universal practice of this Govern-
ment, from its earliest period down to the present
day. And here let me say that this is the first
instance in the history of Executive communica-
tions to this House, so far as my recollection ex-
tends, where a President has traveled out of the
record and undertaken to obtrude his opinions
on this House, or dictate to this representative
body the course which they should pursue under
such circumstances.
Sir, I call the attention of my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to this
point. (And, by the way, I want to say to my
friend, [Mr. Bayly,] that it is time he gave us
that speech of his which he promised to deliver
for the purpose of showing my errors in regard
to the Amistad case. Some young friends in my
district want to understand my errors which he
promised to show, and have written to me for
copies of his speech not yet delivered. I could
not furnish them, but am waiting very anxiously
for his speech on that subject. This by way of
episode.)
As yet we have not heard from the Spanish
Government. We know not what justification
they will urge. Nor has the President thought
proper to wait for any excuse or justification, but
he addresses us, urging upon our consideration
other matters outside of this seizure of the Black
Warrior, and undertakes to call up the indigna-
tion of this body in reference to a transaction of
ordinary character. I will read the next para-
graph:
" There have been in the course of a few years past
many other instances of aggressions upon our commerce,
violations of tlip rights of American citizens, and in-
sults to our national flag by the Spanish authorities of
Cuba.''
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives, has
this nation pocketed insults ? Where—where are
the Representatives of this nation; where is the
former Executive who has pocketed an insult from
Spain—that inert and decayed Government?
When and where, sir, has the American flag been
insulted by Spain? On what occasion? What
officer of this Government has demeaned himself
as so unworthy of the name of an American citi-
zen ?—and when did this Government sit silent
under insult from the feminine majesty of Spain—
that weak and powerless kingdom ?
Sir, I myself feel that, coming from the people
of the Uni'ed States, and authorized and commis-
sioned by them, we are authorized to actupon our
own judgments—our own responsibility: and we
are not to sit here and listen to lectures from the
Executive upon the maintenance of national honor
or our duties. We were not sent here to be dic-
tated to from that or any other quarter; and I
would that members in this Hall should feel the
dignity of their position, and hurl back from this
Hall such efforts to excite our indignation against
the powerless Government of Her Most Christian
Majesty of Spain. Sir, 1 would say to the Pres-
ident, consult yourown duty, discharge your own
obligations, and we will attend to ours. Why, sir,
elected as he was by a most triumphant majority,
the scepter of his power has already departed.
His influence gone, he is now paralyzed, and un-
able to carry a majority of this body.
Sir, 1 served with that gentleman m this Hall.
I am an older man than he is, and I have'seeft
mijre service than he has—I do not say in war,
[laughter;] and I feel as competent to examine
this subject as he is. Sir, this is a digression. I
feel, Mr. Speaker, that this encroachment upon
our dignity and rights should he met by gentle-
men in this Hall, and promptly rebuked. Other
gentlemen may sit quietly under it, but I will not.
The friends of the Administration may pocket
these lectures; the opponents of the Administra-
tion, who have acted with the Whig party, may
do it, but I will not do it.
However, I will not detain the House upon
that point. The President goes further; he says:
"The documents in these eases are voluminous, and when
prepared will be sent to Congress."
Who asked the President to send them to us ?
Why does lie attempt to protrude upon us docu-
ments uncalled for, which he has no authority or
precedent to send us? Sir, let him transmit them,
and I would like to see whether this House will
order them to be printed. I wish to impress upon
this Executive the fact that he is our servant,
and not our master. I want to teach him—no,
that expression is not, perhaps, courteous—but
I desire to let him know that while he exe-
cutes our laws, and makes suggestions to Con-
gress, under the duty imposed upon him by the
Constitution, as to such matters to which he
wishes to call our attention, I will respect him.
But how stands the matter here? Does he send
this information to the other branch of the Na-
tional Legislature ? No, sir.
Mr. Speaker, has this communication been*
sent to the other branch ? No, sir. Why are we
\ called upon to prepare for war ? The Senate is
| proceeding as usual with its ordinary business,
: just as though there were no war called for, un-
I conscious of the necessity of calling up indignation
| against her girlish Majesty. The President does
| not pretend to communicate, under the constitu-
| tional provision, of calling the attentioR of Con-
i gress to matters which he may deem important.
He says nothing to Congress. He speaks solely
to this House.
But [ must hasten to a conclusion; I have al-
ready detained the House longer than I intended.
I ask attention for a moment to what I deem the
most important part of this most extraordinary
communication. It may be found in the two last
paragraphs of the message, which certainly looks
ominous. The President says,
"In view of the position of the Island of Cuba and its
proximity to our coast, and the relations which she must
ever bear to our commercial and other interests—"
I desire my friends upon the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to look well to these " other interests,"
and see that their slaves do not suffer—
—" it is vain to expect that a series of unfriendly acts in-
fringing om commercial rights, and the adoption of a policy
threatening the honor and security of these States can long
exist with peaceful relations."
I need not tell gentlemen what that language
means. Every member within the sound of my
' voice knows its meaning. The policy of Cuba, as
h it'is now known and read of all men, is a "prog-
! ress towards civilization ,* it is the emancipation of
i; her slaves, an effort to strike off the shackles of
•! her bondmen, and to allow them to stand forth
. clothed with the attributes of humanity." That
Lis the policy which the President considers as
" threatening the honor and security of these States."
He then, in the last paragraph, advises aprepara-
tion for war. This, then, is the policy which we
are called upon to guard against, and to involve
ourselves in war, to prevent which we are to re-
sort to arms, to the last dreadful resort of battle
I and deadly strife. In order to prevent the pro-
gress of civilization and freedom m Cuba we must
prepare to send our countrymen to premature
■' graves. Our freemen are therefore to die that Cu-
'j ban slaves may continue to sigh and groan in
,i chains. . .
II The President calls for authority to resist these
il encroachments upon the barbarous institution of
slavery in Cuba. He no longer holds to non-in-
'' tervention; that only applies to Nebraska; but in
jj Cuba he will interfere to maintain slavery, at the
l point of the bayonet, at the expense of our blood,
our treasure, and our honor. This course of
policy is in precise accordance with the views
which the Executive organ has put forth for the
last year, speaking the sentiments of the Presir
dent, as I suppose. Indeed, some of the article#,
