1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
the gag-rules, and all efforts to suppress the free-
dom of debate. They hurled defiance at the
tyranny which then ruled this body, and repudi-
ated all Executive dictation. I was anxious, how-
ever, to secure the support of as many members
in favor of my positions as I could. I desired to
lay them before the House for deliberate consider-
ation, intending to pall them up for action after
they had been examined by the members. I
therefore stated my object when I rose to present
them. In proof of this fact, I quote trom the
Congressional Globe, of the 21st March, 1842:
" Mr. Giddings said he had a series of resolutions upon
a subject which had excited some interest in the other end
of tiie Capitol, and m the nation- fie desired to lay them
before the country, and would call them up for action at the
next opportunity."
But a political opponent, acting with the member
from Virginia, moved the previous question on
their adoption. This was what I desired to avoid.
I was perfectly aware that, under the irritation of
the moment—such as that exhibited by Mr. Eve-
rett, and others—gentlemen would commit them-
selves against doctrines which they would after-
wards, in their reflecting moments, acknowledge
to be correct. Mr. Everett, as already shown,
deprecated hasty action. Others desired me to
withdraw them, in order that they might receive
a more deliberate consideration. Mr. Fillmore,
late President of the United States, inquired pub-
licly of the Chair whether it would not be in order
for him to asfc the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] to withdraw the resolutions? Mr. Fillmore
was a political friend; so was Mr. Everett, and so
were others who desired me to withdraw the res-
olutions, not on account of the "howling indig-
nationof the member from Virginia, or those
who acted with him, but from a desire to consider
the subject deliberately before voting upon it. I
then distinctly inquired of the Chair, myself, if 1
had the right to withdraw them; he replied that I
had. I quote from the Globe:
u Mr. Giddings said that when he had risen to offer his
resolutions he had distinctly siated that they were import-
ant, and that he merely laid them before the House.
l- [Ones of 1 Not in order! &it down
"The Spfvkkr. The gentleman will either withdraw
his resolutions or not.
"Mr. Giddings. I was merely^latirii; why I was about
to 
The Speaker. It is not in order; the gentlemau will
cither withdraw them or not.
Mr. Giddinos withdrew his resolutions*"
Now, sir, with this record before the country,
the member from Virginia attempts to represent
me as frightened into a withdrawal of the resolu-
tions. Sir, I repeat what I said the other day,
that none but paltroons suspect the firmness of
those around them. Why, sir, suppose 1 had
Deen the veriest coward living, does that prove the
truth of his mendacious attack ? Or does it change
the doctrine, the constitutional views expressed m
my resolutions? However great a coward I may
be, it has been my desire that he should have no
just cause of complaint against me on that account.
It is true that the member did offer me the per-
sonal insult which he states, in going out of the
Hall, after taking leave of some personal friends,
1 passed the seat of Horr Henry A. Wise, at that
time a Representative from Virginia. The mem-
ber now making this attack was engaged in con-
versation with Mr. Wise, with whom 1 exchanged
those friendly expressions common among gentle-
men. The member, as he intimated in his remarks,
looked me in the face, and appeared to be inter-
ested m what was passing between Mr. Wise and
myself. I had then very little acquaintance with
him, and knew not but he had been bred among
gentlemen, and instructed in the ordinary civili-
ties of life. To have passed him rudely, without
notice, would not only have been just cause of
offense to hnn, but Mr. Wise, his colleague, and
apparent friend, would also have had cause to com-
plain. i therefore extended my hand to take my
leave of him in the ordinary manner. He refused
my hand, and returned my politeness by that
coarse insult; and now he boasts of his vulgarity
in refusing to respond to my courtesy. I have no
regrets at having treated him decently. I do not
think the man lives to whom 1 would offer an j
insult. It is related of a veteran officer of an hun- J
dred battles, that when an epauleted upstart, on a |
sudden offense, spat in his'{ace, he coolly wiped j
it off, saying, " If I could wipe the stam of your !
blood from my soul as easily as i can this spittle ]
from my face, your life should atone for the in- I
suit." I would ever follow that example rather
than administer a just chastisement upon one
whose mind has never been trained to observe the
moral duties of life. Indeed, i entertained no un-
kind feelings for the member. My emotions were
those of pity for that education which could lead
him to boast of an act of boorish malignity, for
wh;ch I think any man bred in decent society would
have sought to apologize on the first occasion.
The member, in his first attack, stated that I
was reelected after my resignation by only a ma-
jority of two thousand votes, &c., and when I
told him my majority was more than three thou-
sand five hundred, he then said that was merely
the 'plurality by which I was elected; that there
were two candidates opposed to me. In this state-
ment there, is not one word of truth. There was but
one opposing candidate. This fabrication is of
no other importance, however, than to show his
propensity to state matters which never existed.
The member also attempts to alter the record by
saying that my colleague [Mr. Goode] prevented
me from attempting, whileon trial, "to defend my-
self, although the opportunity teas again and again
tendered me." So far from being true, this state-
ment is entirely contradicted by the record. Mr.
Botts, of Virginia, originally introduced the reso-
lution of censure, but being- declared out of order,
he handed it to Mr. Weller, of my State. I quote
from the Congressional Globe:
" Mr. Wfllf.r rose in his place and offered the resolu-
tion of Mr. Hotts.
" And the resolution having been read,
" Mr. VVeller moved the previous question."
And, after some inquiries of the Speaker, &c.,
" Mr. Waller said he had moved the previous question
when he ottered the resolution.
"The Speaker said he was aware that the previous
question was moved on the resolution, but to entertain it
would certainly cut ofTthe gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] irom speaking in his own defense."
The next morning Mr. Weller made a short
speech, at the close of which he said he would
withdraw the demand for the previous question
provided I would then go on with my defense, and
with the understanding, also, that when 1 was
through the vote should be taken. I now resume
the account given in the Globe:
[" Cries of( No undei standings, we will have no under-
' standings.']
| ''The fi-EAra. The gentleman will either withdraw
: the demand or not.
I " Mr. Wem.er not withdrawing unconditionally the de-
| mand for lite previous que?.tion.
" Mr. Ginmsos ro«o and addressed the Chair.
"The Speaker .said the gentleman wa< not in order, the
House having reversed the decision of the ('hair, and de-
cided that tiie rules in relation to the previous question
should be rigidly enforced."
And the demand for the previous question was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
I quote the record to show that the member who
moved the resolution of censure demanded the
previous question at the moment the resolution
v/as read; that he refused to withdraw it when in*
formed that it would cut me off from my defense.
The member who did this, soon after wrote a let-
ter, which was published in my district, with the
evident purpose to defeat my reelection. In that
letter he substantially asserts that I had the privi-
lege of defending myself. This letter, written for
electioneering purposes, has recently reappeared
in the Executive organ of this city. The author
is now a Senator in the other end of the Capitol,
and is supposed to have furnished the letter in
question to aid his friend, the member who now
attempts to falsify the history of our past action.
Sir, I repeat what I have already said, there stands
the record. It was made up twelve years since,
and no Senator or member of this body has power
to alter it. No subterfuge, no evasion, no false
representation, can modify or change it. Under
the previous question my lips were sealed; the
vote was taken, and the resolution of censure
adopted.
There were propositions to suspend the rules
in order to hear my defense; propositions to have
me heard by unanimous consent; but not one of
those motions was adopted by the House, nor
was the question even propounded to the House
on one of them. Vet these propositions of indi-
vidual members have been seized upon, and rep-
resented to be offers tendered by the House to hear
me; and when theSenutur to whom I have referred,
or the member who assails me, are driven to des-
peration on this point, they seek to cover up
their misrepresentations by referring to these
propositions of individuals, who spoke for them-
selves alone; but it is my intention not to leave
them even that subterfuge through which to make
a dishonorable retreat. Just as the vote was about
to be taken on the resolution of censure—1 quote
from the Globe:
"Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina, said he would
move, by general consent, that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddinos j be heard in his defense.
"Mr Barnard. I object.
" The Speaker. The motion cannot he entertained.
" Mr. Pendleton asked to be excused from voting, and
after assigning his reasons, he withdrew his motion.
"Mr, Giddings then rose, and said: I stand belore the
House in a peculiar situation 
" Mark A. Cooper objected to Mr. Giddings proceed-
ing."
I felt no disposition to be trifled with; and I
added a caption to what I had written and intended
saying, and sent it to the reporter, who inserted it
in his journal of the proceedings, from which 1
now read:
"To the Reporter of the Intelligencer.—When
[ rose so often dunng the contusion of the proceedings of
the House this day, and was so often called to order, the
la>t tune by Mark A. Cooper, of Georgia, I Ifad written
out and desired to have stated to the House what follows:
a Mr. Speaker, I fetand before the House in a peculiar
situation. It is proposed to pass a vote of censure upon
me, s-ubetantially lor the reason that I dilier in opinion from
a majority of the member. The vote is about to betaken
without giving me tune to be heard. It were idle for me
to say that I am ignorant of the disposition of a majority to
pass the resolution. I have been violently assailed in a
personal manner, but have no opportunity of being heard
in reply. 1 do not stand here at this time'to crave any
favor, or to ask mercy at the hands of members ; but in th*i
name of an insulted constituency, in behalf of one of the
sovereign States of this Union, in behalf of the people and
of the Constitution, X demand a hearing, agreeably to the
rights guarantied to me, and in the ordinary mode of pro-
ceeding. I accept of no other privilege. I will receive no
other courtesy."
I read this to show that I was not permitted
even to demand my rights, nor to express my
contempt for thejnsulting propositions of individ-
uals to hear me by unanimous consent, while they
voted for the previous question in order to seal my
lips. Now, sir, if the member from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] or the Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] intended to say that the privilege of
defending myself was tendered me by the House,
or by any vote or action of that body, such
assertion is most distinctly and emphatically con-
tradicted by the record. If they intend to say
that the vote which sustained the previous ques-
tion did not by parliamentary rules cut me off from
all defense, then I reply that such declaration is
equally opposed to the reeord and to truth. Or if
they mtenu to ?;ay that I could have been heard
by unanimous consent, they are equally unfortu-
nate in contradicting the record; for that shows
distinctly that objections were made up to the
moment of taking the vote on the resolution of
censure. That I repeatedly attempted to speak,
and was as often silenced, i feel constrained to
meet all these unworthy efforts to falsify the his-
tory of that transaction. Gentlemen should un-
derstand that here men act not merely for the day,
but for all coming time; we are hourly writing
our own biographies; and as they are written they
must descend to our successors.
The letter of the Senator [Mr. Wellf.r] is very
long, and embraces many things of a personal
character to which I feel no desire to reply; but I
refer to this point, on which he attempted to
change the record of facts. To his personal attacks
the people responded at the time.' It is sufficient
i to say that I remained at my post here. He lejt. He
then appealed to the people of our State to elect
him Governor. They did not sustain his appeal,
i and he left our State. In process of time he ap-
I peared in the other end of the Capitol from a dis-
, tant State, and now furnishes the member from
Virginia with a scurrilous letter to aid him in his
work of mendacity.
But the member, again, tacitly admitting his
original charge to have been a fabrication, which
he could not explain or justify, has recourse to
other misrepresentations—charging me with dis-
obeying the instructions of my constituents. Well,
sir, if true, it would appear that those constituents
were the proper persons to complain, and not the
member from Virginia. Indeed, such a complaint
from him looks very snspi< ious. At the meeting
of our people, to which I have referred, honorable
B. F. Wade, now a Senator in the other end of
the Capitol, offered the following resolution:
