1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
u Resolved, That the Tlon. Josjtpa R. Giddi.sgs, on his
return to Congress, be, and is hereby, instructed, at ihe first
moment after U shall be in order, to ofier the identical res-
olutions over again which he b«*lore offered, and insist that
the House of Representatives act upon them by a direct
vote."
It was, I believe, unanimously adopted. It is
true, however, that i did not present the resolu-
tions, and the member from Virginia assails me
in no gentle terms for failing to present them. But
his language is so characteristic, that I prefer to
give it verbatim. He says, speaking of myself:
" Instructed by his beloved constituents ! Did he obey
that instruction ? No,sir; his vvhite-livergd heart skulked
from it. lie even disregarded the instructions of his dear
and much loved people, who sent lum here, with instruc-
tions to carry out his oiiirinal purpose. liig? sir, with pride
and consequence, and offended feeling, he left this Hall
with a determination to do or die. He was backed up by
Ins people at home, better men than himself, {have no
doubt, yet when he came into the presence of the majesty
of the Representatives of the American people, he quailed ;
yes, sir, he quailed before it, and did not obey his instruc-
tion<, or carry out his original purpose."
Well, sir, I am not about to deny that I
quailed before the majesty of such Representatives
as the member who thus attacks me. Professions
of courage, or denial of cowardice, are of little
importance,^whether uttered by him or myself.
The record must bear testimony to the pott and
bearing of members here. But t,his attack de-
mands that I shall bring to the notice of this body
and the country an important fact hitherto unpub-
lished. 1 returned to this Hall instructed as I
have shown. The intention which I entertained
was well understood by all, both friends and foes,
as the member, when referring to me, said: *' It
xoas understood lhat he would come back here and re-
new hfc resolutions." I could, however, only pre-
sent them in order,when my Stateshould he called
for resolutions, under the rule which required the
States to be called for that purpose on each altern-
ate Monday. Yet the business of the House was
under the control of the majority. That majority
had voted to censure me for introducing my resolu-
tions, and they knew that the first moment Ohio
should be called I should again present them, and
put gentlemen to the test of either censuring me
again or of receding from the position they had
taken.
Nov/, sir, I do not say that those one hundred
and twenty-five members were held in fear by me,
or that they trembled before me, but I do say
that they evaded lhat rule which, if observed, would
have permitted me to put them to the test which I de-
signed. On each alternate Monday of that entire
session I sat at my desk with my resolutions be-
foie me, hoping and desiring most ardently an
opportunity to test the moral firmness of those
who censured me by constraining them either to
vote another censure, or to acknowledge their error
before the world. There was no earthly considera-
tion within my power that I would not have given
for the privilege of thus exhibiting the statesman-
ship of those who attempted to dictate my course
on this floor. But, sir, it was all in vain. The
majority had control of the business, and they
would not suffer the States to be called for resolu-
tions. They were too wary to be placed in the
dilemma which I contemplated. During that en-
tire session, after my return to this body the rule
to which I refer was violated, and no call for reso-
lutions was permitted.
Nor was that an end of this singular exhibition
of legislative evasion. We again assembled in the
folio-wing December. The rules of the body re-
quired the States to be called for resolutions on
each of the first thirty days of the session, and on
each alternate Monday afterwards. During that
whole session, too, I was prepared to test the firm-
ness of the majority who had censured me. But
during that entire period the House was not called
for resolutions; the rules were again violated and
wholly disregarded, and the presentation of my
resolutions avoided. I repeat, there stands the record.
It shows these violations of the rule, these subter-
fuges, these evasions by a majority of this body,
in order to escape the necessity of maintaining the
attitude they -had assumed, or of backing out from
the obvious error into which they had fallen.
And now, sir, after the lapse of twelve years,
the member from Virginia, one of that majority,
charges me with skulking from the presentation
of my resolutions; with disregarding the instruc-
tions of my constituents. Let the record of that
day declare who skulked, who evaded, who dodged.
Certainly no member was afraid of me; no one
trembled before me; but they feared the force
and power of truth—of justice—of the popular will.
He says I quailed before the majority of the represent-
atives of the American people. I do not retort, and
say that the majority quailed before me. God for-
bid ! But I say that member, and the majority of
that Congress, quailed before the apprehension of
being constrained to vote another censure, or reced-
ing from the position they had assumed.
'I thank the member for affording me this op-
portunity of calling attention to a fact hitherto
unnoticed in our public press. It was a rare
exhibition of the influence which an humble indi-
vidual may wield over a legislative body when he
has truth, justice, and the Constitution on his side.
At the close of that Congress we separated. I
bore with me no unkind feelings toward any of
them. Pew, very few, camp back. Many retired
to private life. Many have now gone to their final
rest. To those who survive I would tender my
best wishes, my prayers for their prosperity and
their happiness.
The President and his Cabinet receded from the
position they had assumed. They no longer de-
manded of Great Britain compensation for the
people who obtained their freedom on board the
Creole. The law of nature and of nations stood
vindicated; the rights of persons to their liberty
when taken beyond the jurisdiction of slave laws
was acknowledged. The objects which I had in
view when I presented my original resolutions
were attained. The doctrines" asserted in them
now stand acknowledged truths.
These transactions have long since passed into
history, the truth of \0hich it is my duty and my
pleasuie to vindicate.
Mr. SINGLETON. I have not risen to address
the committee at this time, but merely to secure
the floor that I may have an opportunity of doing
so to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. With the permission of
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Single-
ton,] I move then that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the ,Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 259, being a bill to authorize the
construction of the Pacific railroad, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, by the unani-
mous consent of the House, introduced a bill to
" remodel the diplomatic and consular establish-
ments of the United States," which was read the
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the House then
(at five minutes before four o'clock,,p. m.) ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June '6, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburw.
The.Tournal of Monday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 3d of April, transmitting a report
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in ref-
erence to the manner in which the Government
had fulfilled the stipulations of the treaty of Octo-
ber 26, 1632, with the Pottawatomie Indians;
which was refened to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Second Aud-
itor of the Treasury, m compliance with the act
of Congress of June 30, 1834, transmitting copies
of such accounts as have been rendered by persons
charged or intiusted with the disbursement and
application of moneys, goods, or effects, for the
benefit of the Indians, from July 1, 1852, to June
30, 1853; which was ordered to he on the table,
and be printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ate adjourned last week it was understood by
Senators generally that no business of importance
would be done during this week. At the sugges-
tion of several Senators, I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. I see no necessity ir^the world
for adjourning over perpetually. We have had
one week of recess. If we have nothing to do we
had better adjourn finally and go home.
The motion was agreed to. 5
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
John S. Watrous, late agent for the Chippewa
Indians, praying indemnity for losses sustained
by him in consequence of the burning of the Chip-
pewa agency buildings; which was referred to the
(Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of citi-
zens of St. LoGis, Missouri, praying the adoption
of such measures as will insure to American citi-
zens, in foreign countries, the enjoyment of the
rights of conscience and religious worship; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Ephraim Hunt, praying compensation for services
rendered by him during the war of 1812; "which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Wil-
liam Duer, praying compensation for expenses
incurred, and services rendered as consul in Val-
paraiso, in the case of William N. Stuart; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. HAMLIN" presented the pe^tion ofC. B.
H. Fesaenden, collector and superintendent of
lights for thedistiict of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of the inhab-
itants of Richmond, Virginia, praying the reduc-
tion of the rates of ocean poatuge; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of Gum
Spring, Loudon county, Virginia, praying the
reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. KISH presented the petition of Royal
Phelps, attorney in factof James, Earl of Selkirk,
praying that a patent may be issued for certain
lands granted to his father by the Hudson's Bay
Company; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating against
the extension of Woodwoith's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of Vassal-
horo', Maine, praying the reduction of the rates
of ocean postage; which was referred to the Com*
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of Winthrop,
Maine, praying the reduction of the rates of
ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Abraham
Cutler, praying the payment of a balance due him
for his services as a lieutenant in the iate war with
Great Britain, and that he may be allowed a pen-
sion for injuries received while in the discharge of
his duties; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Dim-
itry Cannu, John B. Touime, and Dudley R.
Walker, praying the correction of an error in the
location of certain lands m the State of Missis-
sippi; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented three petitions of citi-
zens of the towns of Starkshoro', Ferrisburgh,
and Monckton, State of Vermont, praying a reduc-
tion of the present rates of ocean postage; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of the
directors of the Moravian Board of Missions, in
behalf of the " Christian Indians,'Mivmgon lands
belonging to the Delawares, about being surren-
dered to the United States, praying compensation
for their improvements; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
