1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the better preservation
of life ana property from vessels shipwrecked on
the coasts of the United States; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
ALDEN'S REEF, PORTLAND, MAINE.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making: an appropriation
for the purpose of building a light-boat, and maintaining the
same oil Alden's Reef, lying off the harbor of Portland,
Maine, and substituting a steam whistle for the fog bell on
Cape Elizabeth, Maine.
NEW MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. SEBASTl AN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing, by Jaw, a mail route from Danville, in Yell
county, Arkansas, to Mi lion Gilbraith's, in Scott county, by
way of Rover and Blutfton, and report b> bill or otherwise
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Mi*. CLAYTON. Therels a vacancy in the j
Committee on Foreign Relations, which has been j
occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Everett, i
late Senator from Massachusetts. It is a commit- j
tee of importance, and it is necessary that the j
vacancy should be filled. 1 hope that, by unani-
mous consent, the Chair will be authorized to
make the appointment.
There being no objection, it was so ordered, and
Mr, Fish was appointed.
THOMAS FRAZER.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a private House bill
on the tablefor the relief of Thomas Frazer, which
was indefinitely postponed by the Senate, but,
subsequently, at our request, was returned to us
from the House. A motion is pending to recon-
sider the vote by which it was indefinitely post-
poned. I ask the Senate now to proceed to its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The question svas taken on the motion to recon-
sider; and it. was adopted.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the motion to indeiimtely postpone the bill.
Mr. WELL Ell. What is the bifi for?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state in a very few
■words what it is. As the law now stands, when
a pension ts granted by Congress to an invalid, and
that pension is for hall* pay—four dollars a month—
the Department has delermined that it cannot in-
crease that to a full pension, if the pensioner should
(subsequently become wholly disabled, because it
is a pension granted under a special law. This
case belongs to that class. The pensioner has a
half pension. The evidence now is ample, coming
from intelligent surgeons, that he is entirely blind.
The House passed the bill to increase the pen-
sion to eight dollars a month. The Committee on
Pensions of this body asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, on the ground that they
had reported a general bill covering the case.
That general bill may never pass, and then this
man will not get the benefit of it. If it does pass,
it will only put him within its provisions.
Mr. CASS. Let us pass the bill.
The motion to postpone the bill indefinitely was
not agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole; and no amendment being proposed
it was reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, lead a thiid time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 8, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. RIDDLE. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee withdraw that motion for a moment, to
allow me to offer a resolution ?
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to make a privileged
motion. I wish, before the vote is taken upon
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] to offer a resolution to close debate upon I
the Pacific railroad bill at two o'clock on Tuesday
next.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is too soon.
Mr. BENTON. I have to say that I desire to
offer some remarks upon that subject, which I
have yet to prepare, based principally upon the
winter explorations of Colonel Fremont. Tues-
day is the earliest day upon which I can present
them to the House.
Mr. HAVEN. In looking about the Hall, I
fear that if I were to press a vote upon the resolu-
tion now I might prevent the House going into the
Committee of the Whole to-day. I am willing to
change the day, so as to accommodate the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] I will not
ask the House to act upon the resolution now,
but I will do so on next Monday, when the House
meets.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I wish to call the attention of the House to
the conduct of one of its officers. I refer to A.
0. P. [Nicholson, the editor of the Daily Union,
and printer of this body. Without further re-
mark, I ask the Clerk to read that portion of the
article to which I invite the attention of the
House.
The article whs then read, as follows:
" In one word, protection jffcd obedience are reciprocal
and inseparable; and those who, like the Abolition meen-
dianes, Parker, Phillips, Giddings, and others, are inces-
santly proclaiming their hostility to the laws and the Con-
stitution, and stimulating men, women, and children to
violate them as a sacred duty, m my opinion have, no claim
to the piotvitivn oj those laws or that Constitution. They
are the apostle*? of .sedition, violence, and murder, they
are ferce. n<itur<e—wild beasts of the forest, knowing no law
and no icstraint but their wild, ungovernable instincts,
and, like dastaidly uudnight prowlers, after hring the Main,
sneak to their holes, leaving their wretched dupes to be-
come the victims of those acts which they themselves have
stimulated. Is there no law that can reach thesu cowardly
incendiaries, who, aft<*r throwing the fire-brand, skulk
away in darkness to enjoy the blaze ? And aie those who,
on the floor of botli Houses of Congress, openly declare !
their disaffection to that Constitution they have j«worn to ;
support and maintain, worthy ot a se.it in the sacred balls ;
of legislation when, any act should emanate from that
source?"
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to know how that
article comes before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] rises in his seat, and addresses
the Chair, announcing that he has a juivileged
question to which he desires to call the attention
of the House.
Mr. BOCOCK, (interrupting.) Well, I do not
see any question of privilege in all this.
The SPEAKER. He desired to have the ar-
ticle read; for what purpose the gentleman himself
will state.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is my intention to state
very distinctly the purpose for which I have in-
troduced the subject.
Mr. McMULLlN. I submit that there is no
question of privilege in this.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will, according to the
established laws of this House, state my question
of privilege, under the direction of the Speaker.
Mr. PARKER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question. I have not read the article
of which he complains; but from its reading by
the Clerk, I hear a name announced which is
familiar to me, and I wish to know whether a
member of the House is spoken of under the name
of Parker?
Several Members. Oh, no; it is Theodore
Parker, a minister of the Gospel. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know my own name, Mr.
Speaker, and believe there is no doubt that it was
the intention of the author of this arttcle to refer
to me, when he said that u Giddings and others
are incessantly proclaiming hostility to the laws
and the Constitution, and stimulating men,
women, and children to violate them, as a sacred
duty. In my opinion they have no claim to the
protection of those laws, or that Constitution."
This declaration comes from an officer of this
body. It declares members of this House outlaws,
beyond the pale of legal protection. Ilis a diiect
invitation to assassinate, to perpetrate violence
upon members of this body. Now, sir, I know
very well that I am in a minority here, and that
this attack upon me and others is to be sustained
by a majority of the House, if sustained at all.
But I merely desire to place this matter before
them; and if they take the responsibility of main-
taining and encouraging those who thus publicly
invite to assassination and mob violence, the re-
sponsibility of doingso must rest with them—with
the friends of the Administration. Sir, I have
prepared a resolution which I proposed to offer on
this subject, but I prefer to leave the matter en-
tirely with the majority of the House, and so I
now submit it to them.
Mr. OLDS, I would like to have the gentle-
man's resolution read. I might want to move an
amendment to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Without any in-
tention of taking any part in this controversy, I
submit to the Chair that there is nothing in the
question made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] which partakes of the character of a
question of privilege. If the editor of the paper in
question has assailed any member of the House,
he did so in a capacity different from that which
he occupies as an officer of this body. He has
not done thus as an officer of this House, but as a
private individual, as the editor of one of the papers
of the city. In that capacity alone he is, I think,
responsible to the gentleman from Ohio for what
he has published.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order submitted by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] The gentleman from
Ohio, however, announced his purpose to intro-
duce a resolution, and the Chair is of opinion that
he has a right to submit his resolution, if it pro-
poses to dismiss the printer, or any other officer
of this House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The Chair will permit me
to make one suggestion as to the practice of the
House on this point. The Speaker will recollect,
by consulting precedents, that all these questions of
privilege have been submitted to the House for
their adjudication as to whether the questions pre-
sented are questions of privilege or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will follow that
example.
Mr. GIDDINGS. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] lean refer him to a
case in which he was himself concerned. I would
remind him, and I think there is no member of
this House who was here a few years ago but
remembers the fact, that a few years since we ex-
pelled the reporters of the New York Tribune for
an attempt to ridicule a member of this body. I
think the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
voted for that expulsion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not recollect
how I voted, but ( recollect that there was such a
proposition made here. I recollect, also, that the
reporters of the Un ion were once expelled from this
House, or, at least, an attempt was made to expel
them, since I have been a member of this body.
But that was an action against them in the char-
acters of " reporters" here. They were privi-
leged here as " reporters." They were here under
the special authority of the House, through the
Speaker, as " reporters." I think, in neither of
the cases to which I have referred, were the editors
of those papers arraigned, but only the reporters.
Then, if the gentleman has a proposition to make,
it might, perhaps, be directed against the editor
of the paper, and it might exclude him. But I do
not see how he can make it a privileged question
upon the printer to the House for what he does
m another character—that of the editor of a public
I newspaper.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. I assure the gentleman that
I I have consulted the precedents with which both
| you, Mr. Speaker, and myself are personally ac-
! quainted. My proposition is to exclude from this
Hall all persons who are connected with that
paper. I place the editor of the Union in pre-
cisely the same position in which I place all other
editors and persons connected with ajiaper.
The resolution offered by Mr. Giddings was
then read, as follows:
Whereas, A. O. P. Nicholson, Esq., printer of this
body, and editor and proprietor of the Washington Union,
in his paper of this morning has published an article most
evidently designed to excite unlawful violence upon mem-
bers of this body : therefore,
Resolved, That the said A. O. P. "Nicholson, and all
other pei sons connected with the Washington Union, be
expelled from this Hall.
