ego
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
-But, farther than this, we have it from authen-
tic information, that other vessels have been allowed
to break bulk and transfer their cargoes from one
vessel to another in port, in numerous instances,
without any complaint upon the part of the au-
thorities; and this was right, ftfr in such a trans-
action, unless there was a suspicion of smuggling,
, there was no cause for interference. These are
stronger cases than where it is merely left in the hold
of the vessel with the hatches sealed. They have
allowed the transfer of the cargo from one vessel to
another, when their officers, who were swarming
abo.ut it, saw that the object was simply to facili-
tate the transmission of that cargo to the port of
its destination, without any intention to enter it
at Havana for consumption. That ought to be
the case. It has been the case in practice. We
know that in respect to the execution of revenue
laws there is some difference between those Gov-
ernments whose officers are allowed a discretion,
and those where the duties of the public officers
are especially defined by law, which no body but
the law-making power can relax. Under absolute
Governments, the officials have sometimes author-
ity given them to relax their custom-house regu-
lations- 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) Will
my colleague allow me to ask a question for in-
formation ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, f have been informed—and I
desire to know if it is so—that when an objection
is made to the manifest of a vessel, the skipper
has a right to correct it within twelve hours after
the objection is made. Is that the case5 and is it
not true that permission to make the correction
was asked on the occasion, and refused by the
Cuban authorities?
Mr. BAYLY, That is true, as I believe, and
worse than that, is true, if lam well informed.
They undertook, by an order under the authority
I am referring to, which, though purporting to be
made before the arrival of the JSIack Warrior,
was not promulgated till afterwards, so as to make
a show of a legal excuse for their conduct. It
would seem as if it was the purpose to entrap this
vessel into the difficulty in which she has been
found. The new regulation was made before her
arrival, and, as I believe, though I dislike to be
uncharitable, in anticipation of it, and the modi-
fication was not promulgated until after this occur-
rence.
But a point I make is this, that a Government
has no right, after relaxing for a good while its
revenue regulations, even suppose it has been
without authority, suddenly to enforce them ac-
cording to the strict letter of the law, so as to
entrap those who have got into the habit of con-
forming to them in the way their own officers
construe them. Sir, it is robbery. It is like en-
ticing a man into the woods to rob him. A captain
of a ship cannot be punished to-day for doing in
violation of law what he was permitted, with full
knowledge of the transaction, to do yesterday
without complaint from those charged with its
execution, unless he is properly notified that a
change of the law itself or its repeal has been
made.
Mr. DEAN, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man allow me one word in reference to the point
on which he ismow speaking?
Mr. BAYLY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DEAN. This debate is out of time, and
of course, no one is prepared, or should be at this
time, to give any official information except what
is contained in the President's message. But
upon this precise point which has been suggested
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
and which is a vital point, as to whether the Cu-
ban authorities did not refuse, when an offer was
made to correct the manifest of the Black War-
rior, to allow it to be corrected. 1 am authorized,
1 think, to say, from what I have seen officially
published, and a letter from Captain Bullock,
which has not yet appeared in print, that seven
hours after the vessel arrived—the rule is that the
manifest may be corrected within twelve hours—
he was notified of the intention to confiscate the
cargo; he then offered, in pursuance of the regu-
lation, to correct his manifest, but they refused to
allow him to do so. After expostulating with
them, and using all the arguments he could,he then
told the authorities that he should surrender the
ship if they said so, and he took the American
flag and went over to the United States ship Pul-
ton. Under these circumstances I regard the act
at Havana as a clear case of port piracy.
Mr. CUTTING, (interposing.) I desire to make
one suggestion to my colleague. Is it right to en-
deavor to inflame the public mind of the country
upon this question, when we have only ex parte
statements? Have we heard one word yet from
the other side? And I respectfully submit to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
whether all discussion tending to such inflamma-
tory results ought not to be suspended, and let the
country act with dignity, with firmness, and with
patience? I respectfully submit that the whole of
this proceeding this morning can tend to no good,
and is of the most dangerous character.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to say that if I had
introduced this debate, if I had sprung it upon the
House, if 1 had taken any other than the most
cautious and conservative ground in respect to it,
I should have felt myself keenly rebuked by the
remarks of my esteemed friend from New York.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will per-
mit me to make a single statement, I shall be
obliged to him.
Mr. BAYLY. My friend from Pennsylvania
will allow me one word. Then, if he renews his
request, I will yield him the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. In this connection with the
remark made by the gentleman from New York,
I can state a circumstance 
Mr. BAYLY. 1 do notyield the floor. I know
quite as much of these circumstances as my friend.
Mr. FLORENCE. I refer to circumstances
of aggression on the part of the Cuban authori-
ties.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. PRESTON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, I would like to make a
suggestion to the chairman. I know his views,
and coincide with them fully. I hope that he will
conclude this debate by moving that the privi-
leged motion to reconsider do he upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY. I felt it to be my duty to yield
to my colleagues on the committee, and through
courtesy I have yielded to others; but I beg now
to say, that nobody may take offense, that I shall
not yield the floor again except to the gentleman
to whom i am replying. If he desires that I should
yield it, I shall not feel at liberty to decline.
I began my remarks by protesting against this
\ discussion as premature. I began it by stating
that, though I had taken all the pains which my
official position requires meto take, to be well in-
formed, I was not fully informed. I had aright
to presume others were not better informed. I
agree with my friend from New York, [Mr. Cut-
ting,] that no remarks ought to be made here to
inflame the public mind of the country in respect
to this question. But I insist, at the same time,
that the mind of the country shall not be preju-
diced in the other direction, and that it shall not
go out, by remarks of gentlemen here, and others
quite as influential elsewhere, that this is a mere
ordinary case of a bona Jide suzure under the rev-
enue laws. I meant to show that there was some-
thing in this case more than one of those ordinary
seizures. I undertook to show that, by showing
it was in keeping with a constant scries of annoy-
ing embarrassments to our commerce, by Spanish
officials.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would make a single
word of explanation. I want the gentleman to
understand me. I beg leave to inform the House,
and the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, most explicitly, that I limited my remarks
in regard to the Black Warrior to the facts so far
as we had them, and expressed the gravamen of
objection to this whole proceeding outside of that,
because we had not heard from the Spanish Gov-
ernment. The whole of my remarks, so far as
they went to have any effect on the Administra-
tion, were outside of the Black Warrior case.
They were entirely extraneous to that matter, and
those which were volunteered upon this House.
Mr. BAYLY. That is one of the points in
regard to which I flattered myself I had defended
the President. I think I have shown that, under
all the circumstances, we had a right to expect,
and that the Presides was in duty bound, he be-
ing primarily charged with the conducting of our
foreign affairs, to let us know what he had to
recommend on this occasion. 1 repeat, if the Pres-
ident has erred, it has not been in the direction
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] com-
plains of.
This is one of those cases, in my opinion, in
which, from the circumstances attending it, we
ought not to have shown the quiet patience for in-
formation which, in ordinary cases, might be
proper; and for the reason that what the Spanish
authorities have done in this case is in keeping
with what seems to be a settled part of their policy
in respect to us. Now, it is one thing for a man,
by mistake, to tread upon my toes, and it is quite
another thing for him to do so every time I meet
him in the street, and to jostl^ me each time I come
near him.
The cases in regard to nations are just as differ-
ent as the illustration I havp been making in regard
to individuals. The Spanish Government, in re-
spect to us, has been constantly pursuing a course
of annoying irritation, and she has done it under
most unjustifiable circumstances. How has this
nation acted towards Spain? I shall not go fully
into that question now; but I will say it has
been one of unrequited friendship on our part.
And in this connection I want to refer to a single
case only, because it is a very recent one, and one
which I happen to know a good deal about.
After the massacre of Crittenden, after the in-
human and uncivilized course of the Cuban author-
ities with those filibusters—whose conduct I con-
demn as much as any man—there was a natural
feeling of excitement in New Orleans, and a mob
—no public authorities abetting it, but a mob-
went and pulled down a parcel of tobacco shops,
and threw their cigars into the street, and a Span-
ish consul was maltreated. The Spanish Govern-
ment came here, by their Minister, to demand rep-
aration. I know personally the views of Spam
upon this subject. She said, through her Minister,
that if it were a mere case of a mob destroying
the property of Spanish subjects—a mere ordi-
i nary case or that sort—and if there had been no
feeling manifested against the Government of Spain
on the subject, the Spanish Government would
not so insist on indemnification. But the Spanish
Government believed that these outrages were in-
flicted on innocent individuals to gratify a spite
agai nst that Government for things for which those
individuals were not responsible; and that that
condition of things took the case out of the cate-
gory of ordinary outrages on the people of other
nations; that, it was an indignity offered to the
Government itself, that those who committed the
depredations were undertaking to resent the wrongs
which they supposed the Spanish Government
had committed by harassing their unoffending
citizens resident among us.
Now, sir, I do believe—and I do not care that
this remark shall go to the country, though not
to excite anybody—I do believe that these annoy-
ing regulations and these constant wrongs that
have been committed on our commerce, are meant
as acts of hostility to this Government as a Gov-
ernment. I do not believe that in this very case
of the Black Warrior the act would have been com-
mitted if that vessel had belonged to one of the
nations to which Spain is more friendly than she
is to us. Or that it would have been done in case
of one of her own steamers; notwithstanding we
have a law by which, even in respect to their own
steamers and ours perfect reciprocity is provided
for.
Sir, in the case to which I have been just refer-
ring, we came forward here and promptly respond-
ed to the demand of the Spanish Government.
As the chairman of the committee over which I
have at this time as then the honor to preside, I
moved an amendment to the civil and diplomatic
bill, for the purpose of compensating these Span-
ish subjects for the wrong which a portion of our
people had committed upon them.
We put that amendment on high national
grounds. The Administration were then inclined
to the opinion that this being the act of a mob in
one of the States, the General Government had
nothing to do with it. From mature reflection on
that point, I came to a different conclusion. The
two Houses of Congress sustained me in it. They
believe that as the act was meant—as we were
compelled to admit it was meant—as a harass-
ment of Spanish subjects, not in consequence of
anything they had done personally, but simply
with a view to show irritation towards the Spanish
Government, it belonged to us to right the wrong
as far as it was practicable. And the Congress of
