1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United States did so. The ground upon which
we acted on that occasion I have not now time to
go fully into. I will do it when it is proper that
1 should.
In the whole of our intercourse with Spain?
from the date of our first treaty with her to this
hour, our course has been one of forbearance and
fidelity to our treaty obligations, and to the obli-
gations of our laws of neutrality. All the return
that we have received has been one of unjust sus-
picion and irritating annoyance, which ought to
be, between nations, as it would be between indi-
viduals, of that very class of annoyances which
would be least likely to be submitted to.
It seems that the gentleman from Ohio knows
more about this matter than some of us do; he
thinks there is something in the name of that
vessel that creates a series of acts of special en-
mity to her. Well, sir, it so occurs; whether it
be the name of that vessel, or the fact that she
trades out of a southern port, she does seem to
be the object of hatred by the Spanish authorities.
This is not the first outrage which has been
inflicted upon her. I understand that upon one
President's message. I do not wibh to debate this
matter, and am willing to withdraw the motion 1
made.
Mr. BAYLY. In the hasty, and, I think, un-
founded attack which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gtddings] has made upon the President of
the United States, I do not think he has done him-
self ordinary justice. I do not think that there is
a single pointin his complaints of the conduct of the
President which has any force in them; and fce seems
now to concede it. 1 am about to do what is always
disagreeable to me, but X do it under a sense of
duty, and as I feel under a sense almost of instruc-
tions. I am not formally instructed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, but I know their views, and
I know the committee would say to me, if I could
convene them together, from my familiarity with
I their views, that we ought not to carry this discus-
i sion any further. I know they would say that you
j have gone as far in this debate as, perhaps, you
I ought to go in meeting such points made by the
! gentleman from Ohio, as were calculated to mis-
lead the public mind. 1 shall, therefore, make the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
occasion, without any admonition, and, as far as ij table. But before I do that, I must make a remark.
anybody knows, without any provocation, she
was fired into, and the cannon ball passed within
a few feet of her mam stays. This was done,
and other acts of outrage have been committed,
as I infer from statements upon which I rely.
To satisfy any business man that it could not
prima fade have been the purpose of those con-
cerned in that vessel to provoke a difficulty, they
It is said that such of us as entertain the views
I have barely hinted at, not fully developed, are in-
clined to connive at filibustering. Q,uite the re-
verse is the case. Let this Government satisfy
the people that they will promptly vindicate their
legitimate rights, especially in the class of cases I
am referring to, and we will be able to enforce, as
we have done, our neutrality laws. But I do
very naturally did not want to get into an affray jj believe that if this is not done, there will arise a
with the authorities there; for they go there to j! u" —
make money, in the way of trade and carrying
passengers especially, and want to get through 1
with their business as smoothly as possible.
There has been, and there will be, until this Gov-
ernment shall see that fair play is done, special
annoyances to our shipping, to as great an extent
as they think they can safely do it. I believe that
to-morrow Spain would be very glad never to see
another American vessel touch at Havana; and I
believe there are others who wish that, by domes-
tic strife, or m some other way, we might be
made a cypher. But we will see.
Mr. Speaker, observing that course of propriety
of demeanor m this House of which I am ambi-
tious, I shall not go into any discussion with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] upon an oc-
casion of this sort, of the slavery question. But it
is a remarkable thing in regard to this gentleman,
that the only case now on record, in which our Gov-
ernment admit that they have not done Spam full
justice, is precisely the case which the gentleman
from Ohio opposes. In that only case—the case
of the Amiatad—where we have not done prompt
justice to Spain, is the very case in which he wants
justice withheld altogether. It is only in those
cases in which wrongs have been committed to
our white people and our commerce^ that the gen-
tleman takes side with Spam and against this Gov-
ernment; only where negroes are remotely con-
cerned he takes sides both against us and against
Spam. And I beg to say, if 1 choose to run out
the case, that m the instance I am referring to, I
could show that there was no pretense even that
he was acting from love for the negro, and in direct
reference to the ease of the Amistad; for tney
are already liberated.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Ohio reminded
me of my promise to explain the fallacies of law
and fact which he introduced m remarks he made,
upon a former occasion upon this floor, in respect
to the Amistad case. I did not promise to do it
in a speech. I promised to make a report from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs upon that sub- j
ject; and the gentleman will see, if he will reflect j
about it, that there may be xeasons of a high pub- 1
he character, notwithstanding my willingness to j
break a lance with the gentleman from Ohio, j
which may overrule that anxiety, and he ought not
to be too prompt in redressing wrongs we have
inflicted, when Spain is so tardy m redressing
wrongs of a le?s doubtful character which she has
committed. When the proper occasion arrives, if
it shall arrive, I shall redeem my pledge to the
feeling difficult to be restrained.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his motion for a few min-
utes.
Mr. BAYLY. I will go as far in an act of
courtesy to my friend from Alabama [Mr. Phil-
lips] as to any man in this House—not excepting
one of my colleagues; but I really feel as if 1 was
acting under instructions from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and therefore I cannot withdraw
my motion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bayly's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Tellers were demanded and ordered on the ques-
tion: and Messrs. Letcher and Etherjdge were
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 92, noes 52.
DEFICIENCY BILL. %
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Chandler in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill of the House No. 271,
entitled "A bill to supply deficiencies m the appro
priations fo: the service of the fiscal year ending
j the 30th of June, 1^54."
1 The CHAIRMAN. An amendment had been
I offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
! Preston,] providing for the completion of various
, custom-houses and marine hospitals, to which
! the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
1 offered an amendment to strike out the word
i " complete," wherever it occurs, and to insert the
' words " to continue the construction of."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is it in order to speak
against the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to oppose
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am opposed fo the amend-
! ment of the gentleman from Virginia, and prefer
I that originally offered by the gentleman from Ken-
: tucky [Mr. Preston] for several reasons. One
is that the language of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky is precisely that of
! the Secretary of the Treasury in his annual report
■ to Congress, giving estimates for the additional
1 appropriations necessary for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854. Upon
fferitiemanfrom Ohio "rMrGmDiNGs;] but I shall looking into that report I find that the Secretary
^nuenun irom umo,imi w.uui. ~ 'J f ; f the Treasury uses this language: "To com-
not be beguiled into doing it at the expense of ^ ^ ^ custor£.houge at St. Louis, $1(10,000;"
WMr Gl?DDINGSy T expre^y s'ated when I j: and so of the various custom-houses and marine
ros^ihiu l^merely introduced the motion to give j' hospitals for which the amendment makes pro-
an expression of my sentiments in regard to the II vision.
Such also, Mr. Chairman, is the language of
the original amendment, as I before stated. I
hare risen chiefly with a view of setting myself
right before the committee upon this question.
I wish to say that it seems to me this is one of
the most extraordinary proceedings 1 ever knew
in the House of Representatives. The Committee
of Ways and Means might have passed this bill
six weeks ago if there had been a disposition on
the part of the whole of that committee to coop-
erate with the Democratic Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and to vote the estimates which he had sub-
mitted under the head of deficiencies for the current
fiscal year. I not only voted for all those appro-
priations asked for by various gentlemen from the
West and Southwest, and recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury, but I voted for the de-
ficiency bill as finally reported to the*House, and
which was rejected for reasons best known to
gentlemen on the other side of the House, whose
motives 1 will not question. The fact, however,
is certain, that the Whig party, as a party, are
not responsible for the defeat of that bill. My
honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Preston]
voted for it. The honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky on the other side of the House, [Mr. Breck-
inridge,] who reported this bill, voted for it also,
and so did the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. But it is a fact, well known
to the House and the country, that eminent gen-
tlemen on the Committee of Ways and Means
led the way in the opposition to that bill, one of
the great bills of the session, and thereby aided,
if they did not encourage, gentlemen on the other
side in defeating its passage.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing.) How many members of the Committee of
i Ways and Means voted against that bill?
' Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot yield to the gentle- *
man from Illinois. I trust that every gentleman
who advocated an amendment to the original defi-
ciency bill will adhere to his vote, and let us see
whether the recommendations of the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States, who ought to
be well advised on this subject, shall be disregard-
ed, and whether the labor of five weeks shall be
thrown away, and the House put back where it
stood three months ago, at the commencement of
the session, because there is a discrepancy of opin-
ion among the membersoftheCommitteeofWay3
and Means. If the recommendations of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury are attended to, and the
wishes of the House of Representatives, hereto-
fore expressed, are carried out, there will be no
difficulty, and we shall be able to progress with
the public business as we ought to do.
This bill stands No. 271 on our Calendar; we
postpone all the other business of the session to
pass a deficiency bill which may not be required
before the 30th of June next. It is not wise legis-
lation, in my humble judgment; and I, for one,
! would take up the Calendar of the Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union, and I would
; not appropriate one dollar more to carry on the
| Government until Congress has been permitted to
! act on the other great measures of the session. 1
would not have all our legislation set aside in
, order that we may vote money to carry on the
i Government for the next fiscal year commencing
! in July next. It is time that we legislated upon
' the great questions before us—on the French spoli-
ation bill, an honest debt, as Congress has fre-
quently decided, which has been demanding pay-
ment here for the last fifty years. Why do you
not pay that?
The question was then' taken on Mr. Bayly s
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
i The question recurred on Mr. Preston samend-
ment.
| Mr. RIDDLE. I move to amend the amend-
' ment by inserting after the words " to complete"
i wherever they occur, the words "in a fire-proof
! manner."
; I offer this amendment in order that 1 may, in
! the brief time allowed me under the rules of the
i House, answer some charges which have been
| made upon this floor by the gentleman from Vir-
! ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who addressed the committee
j yesterday, and his colleague [Mr. Caskiej from
I the Richmond district.
I Now, sir, I commend the Committee of Ways
I and Means for their dexterity, for the manner in
i which they have presented ihe&e seveial bills to
