THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BYJOHN.C. RTvESTWASHINGTON,D. C.
saHBBaw
33d Congress, 1st Session.
Mr. OLDS. I understand my colleague as ask-
ing for the protection of this House, from the fact
that he is threatened personally with violence.
Perhaps the members of this House may have
seen the effort made by my colleague not long
since m the city of Boston—I am not able to say
whether it was in Fanueil Hall, or where itwaS-
in which he also intimates that he is afraid of be-
ing assassinated for the course of policy which he
has pursued in reference to certain measures be-
fore this House.
But, sir, when he comes before this House to
claim its protection, from the fear of being assas-
sinated for what he has thought fit to do in the
course of his official duty in this House, he ought
to come with clean hanas and a pure heart. If I
recollect aright, in that very speech in Boston, the
gentleman charged that his colleagues in this
louse have been bribed, and have cast their votes
under a bribe.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I desire to
know of the Chair whether he entertains this as a
question of privilege; and if he does not, I object
to the resolution, and to all debate upon it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose, i yielded it only to my
colleague, [Mr. Olds.]
Mr. HOUSTON. { rose to a point of order,
and I am entitled to the floor for that purpose.
Mr. GrIDDINGS. I yielded only to my col-
league.
Mr. HOUSTON. I inquire of the Chair if he
entertains the matter as a question of privilege;
and if he does not, I object to this discussion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will refer to the
MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1854.
Netv Series No. 86.
£
question, I suppose, is debatable. If it be, I want
to make a suggestion upon the subject. I will not
occupy much of the time of the House; but I
submit this point to the Chair and the House 
Mr. COBB. I think this is not a debatable
question. I raise that question of order.
The SPEAKER. "Ihe Chair would suggest
that the article and the resolution be read in con-
nection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire first to state the
precise point which I understand to be made. I
understand the Speaker to decide that, under the
rules of the House, the public printer is entitled
to come upon this floor, and is entitled to certain
privileges here. The gentleman from Ohio offers
a resolution, the effect of which is to deprive him
of these privileges. Now, whether the paper
referred to is of such a character as to justify us
in adopting the resolution, is a question I do not
propose to go into.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
this is a debatable question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
debatable.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, Mr. Speaker, I say
this: Where we give special privileges to individ-
uals to come into the Hall, we put them, to some
extent, on the footing of members and officers of
the House, and therefore a proposition to deprive
such of that privilege, to expel them from the Hall,
is properly a privileged question. Having this |
view of the matter, and the gentleman from Ohio j
having submitted his resolution, 1 think that the I
House ought to entertain it. He comes forward
! to decide that the proposition to expel the public
I printer is a privileged question. I presume there
I can be no doubt of it, I take it for granted that
i Mr. A. O. P. Nicholson, as an officer of thi 
; House, may be expelled from it. I think the
| Chair is right—indeed, I am sure that he is right—
. in the statement that the public printer is entitled to
, the privilege of the Hall, or admission to the Hall
j of the House as public printer; but I conceive that
I the public printer is not entitled to admission
[ within this Hall as editor of the Union. I con-
[ ceive, moreover, that the other persons who are
j proposed to be expelled by the resolution of the
I gentleman from Ohio as connected with the Union,
are not entitled to the privilege of the floor, unless
so entitled as the reporters for that paper.
The SPEAKER. They are in that character.
^ And Mr. A. 0 P. Nicholson is entitled, under an
I express law of the House, to the privilege of the
' Hall, as an ex-Senator of the United States. He
!' is named in the resolution.
J Mr. MILLSON. The questions ought to be
j separated. If it be proposed to expel Mr. A. 0.
j P. Nicholson as an officer of the House, then it
may be material for(us to inquire whether he has
done anything in that character which would sub-
ject liini to expulsion. But I will not express my
opinion on that point now. If, on the other hand ,
the object be to expel the reporters as well as the
' editor or editors of the Union, as persons entitled
1 to the privilege of using the reporters' desks, and
not as officers of the House, and the editor not as
public printer, then it will become important for
us to inquire whether any of them, the editor, or
House the question, whether there is any question i House, proposes to deprive individuals of privi-
of privilege involved in the resolution of the gen- il leges which they now enjoy in this Hall.
tleman from Ohio? !; Now, I beg leave to say that, from the reading of
Mr. G1DDINGS. I suppose I have a right to ji the article indicated, I do not see anything which
proceed and finish my remarks? j. would justify the adoption of the resolution of the
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the i j gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] If I eor-
gentleman has no such right; because if it is not ! rectly understood it, in my opinion, it is much
a question of privilege, discussion will be out of j[ less violent than many of the speeches made by
order. % || the gentleman here against individuals and iriem-
and upon his responsibility as a member of this ! his associates in the Union, have done anything
HmiSP VWAnnSPSJ 11-\ fl V b IndiiMrlnoIa r\C ^ (1,      *   .1
Mr.. GIDDINGS. I call for the yeas and nays j
upon the question. . i
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I do not un- i
derstand Mr. Nicholson as standing in that posi-
bers of this body. At the same time I hold that
[ in their capacity as reporters to subject them to
i expulsion.
Now, I think that the resolution of the gentleman
j, from Ohio [Mr. Gidding--] is drawn so vaguely
! and indeterminately as not to present to the
;; House a question of privilege as it ought to be
presented. I think that it is a question of privi-
lege whether the public printer ought to be ex-
j pelled. At the same time 1 de not know that the
, public printer, as public printer, ought to be ex-
. to protect him; and, if he can make out a proper |
tion which entitles him to the privileges of i his j; case, I will myself vote for furnishing him a guard
Hj All tlx A VM ft A Mn A n 1A t . I . T -.1 _ . ~ _ 2 .... .1... iVi u U I r.  L ! I . 1 „ il. . 1. 1 f
while the gentleman from Ohio is apprehensive of ji pelled for the publication of an objectionable arti-
personal attack, he has the right to ask the House |! cle in the Union newspaper. On the other hand,
Hall. He is %mere contractor. I do"not under-
stand that there is any rule of this House which
authorizes him to be admitted here, and therefore
a resolution expelling him would have no effect.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is precisely the point
I proposed to make.
The SPEAKER. As printer of the House,
Mr. Nicholson is entitled to the privileges of the
floor, or, at least, to the privileges of the Hall.
The question now being upon whether the point
raised was a question of privilege,
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. If the Chair will pardon me
for one moment—1 do not wish to do anything
hastily or rashly in reference to this matter—-I wish,
however, to say that the removal of the drapery
in the rear of the Speaker's chair seems to have
so affected the sound in the Hall as to make it
wholly impossible for us in this direction to hear
what is going on. Now, sir, whether this is a
question of privilege or not depends very much
upon the character of the article alluded to. I
would like to have the article again read. But I
desire to take this opportunity of calling the at-
tention of the Speaker to the fact that exists in
reference to the difficulty of hearing in the Hall.
I think some measures ought to be taken to
remedy it.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
for his protection while in the discharge of his j
duty. [A laugh.] If his object be to secure pro- i
tection against violence, I shall be very much t
disposed to accord it to him, provided the facts j
stated make out his case. But I do not think that j
perhaps the reporters connected with the Union
may subject themselves to censure by the publi-
cation of objectionable paragraphs in that news-
Eaper, and they then incur the censure of the
louse, not as officers of the House, but as re-
porters. In the state of confusion in which the
question is involved, I find it difficult to determine
there is anything in the article which would lead ji upon what grounds to present it.
" "r. HAMILTON
him, you, Mr. Speaker, or me, to suppose that th
gentleman is in personal danger. If, however, he
apprehends that Mr. Nicholson, or any other per-
son, at his instigation, intends to interfere with
his personal safety, I would vote to protect him
as resdily as I would any other gentleman upon
the floor, though I differ from him so much.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must confine the
gentleman to the single point as to whether or
not tne question is or is not privileged in its char-
iicter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope my friend fiom
Alabama will withdraw his objection. I think
the gentleman's resolution is one which ought to
be entertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair indicated, when
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] re-
marked that he had a resolution of that character,
that, in the opinion of the Chair, it would be a
privileged question. The editor, or editors of
the Union have the privilege of the Hall, butthey
have not the privilege of the floor. That paper
has a number of reporters here, and they are here
by law of the House, and under the direction of
me to say that this is not an article from the ed- ,i the Speaker. The gentleman proposes to expel
itor; it is an article signed " Old Fogy.'
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understand that. It i^
evidently from the pen of the editor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 understand the question
submitted to the House to b'e, to determine whether
the case presented is what is commonly known as
a question of privilege; and this, like any other
8H
! them all, editors and reporters. The Chair is of j
S the opinion that the question is a privileged one, j
I and so decides.
i Mr. MILLSON. i desire to make a simple
i suggestion on this question of privilege. It seems
! to me that there is some confusion arising- from
j the mingling of questions. I understand the Chair
Mr. HAMILTON.' Is there anything before
the House for consideration:  
The SPEAKER. The resolution offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. OLDS. 1 suppose I have the right to the
floor, as it was taken from me by the question of
order.
Mr. PRESTON. I understand the question
to be one of order, which the Chair has not de-
cided.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Oi.ds] was addressing the Chair when the
suggestion was made by some gentleman upon the
floor that questions of privilege were heretofore
referred to tne judgment of the House. The Chair
acquiesced in that suggestion for a moment; but
afterwards, however, determined that there was
involved in this resolution a question of privilege,
and that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
had a right to move to expel fiom the Hall any
officer of this House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I yielded the floor to my
colleague for explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] just as he was
taking his seat, if he yielded the floor, and he
i said, " I yield it."
; Mr. GIDDINGS. U was riot my intention to
■ yield it entirely, but merely to my colleague for
1 the purpose of explanation.
