1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
move that the Senate adjourn until twelve o'clock
to-morrow. '■
The motion was agreed to; and at five minutes :
to two o'clock, p. m., the Senate adjourned. I,
IN" SENATE.
Saturday, JJugust 5, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed, without amend-
ment, the bill of the Senate to establish a land
district in the State of Florida, to be called the
district of Tampa; and the bill of the Senate to
relinquish to the S'ate of Wisconsin the lands
reserved for salt springs therein, with an amend-
men'; in which they requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed sundry enrolled bills, which were then
signed by the President pro tempore, as follows:
An act granting the right of way to the Marys-
vine and Benicta Railroad Company through and
over the grounds of the United States at Benicia,
in California;
An act to establish certain additional post roads;
An act to repeal the first proviso of the fourth
section of the act entitled u An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 28, 1850;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending 30th of June,
1855;
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855;
An act for the relief of Henry Lewis and
Moses Petet, of Clinton county, Indiana;
An act authorizing the payment of balance of
the property accounts between the United States
and the State of New York, for military stores in
the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Geoige McGirk;
An act for the relief John S. King, of Virginia;
An act to provide a pension for Captain Thomas
Porter;
An act for the relief of George lVL Bentley, of
the State of Indiana;
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1855;
An act for the reltefof the heirs of Captain Mat-
thew Jack, deceased;
An act for the relief of Robert F. McGruire and
Louisa his wife, late Louisa Lamy;
An act for the relief of William Curran;
An act for the relief of A. S. Laughery;
An act for the relief of the inhabitants of town-
ship forty five, range one, in Warren county,
Missouri;
An act for the relief of James Capen;
An act for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, surety of a former postmaster at Norfolk,
Virginia;
An act for the relief of the legal heirs of Benja-
min Me*oyer;
An act for the relief of Warren Raymond;
An act for the relief of Julia Aiken;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Pavie;
An act for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and
otheis;
An act for the relief of Asa Leach;
An act to carry into effect the treary between
the United States and Great Britain, signed on the
5th day of June, 1854;
An act to establish certain additional post roads;
and
Joint resolution making appropriation for the
payment of those entitled to the benefits of the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
United States, passed August 3,1854, voting extra
compensation to pages, folders, and others.
THE ADJOURNMENT RESOLUTION.
The PH ESI DENT. Senate bill to relinquish
to the State of Wisconsin the lands reserved for
salt springs therein, has been returned from the
House of Representatives, with an amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I believe the Clerk of
the House came to theSenateChamber with that
bill yesterday, abcut five minutes after we ad-
journed. It is a bill which allows the State of
Wisconsin to apply to the purposes of a university
seventy-two sections of land which were granted
to the State for salt springs. It is a bill which
passsed the Senate, and has now been returned
from the House with an amendment. I hope u
will he taken up and concurred m.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will merely suggest to my
friend that, though it is a misfortune, under the
resolution of the two Houses, we cannot act on
anything of this kind. I wish we could, on his
account; but if we once depart from the rule which
we have established, it would lead to great incon-
venience. I do not think we have power to depart
from it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If I remember aright,
we have a rule which pi events any bill being sent
to the President on the last day of the session,
unless that lule be setaside. i recollect distinctly,
in the case of an appropriation for the American
Colonization Society, that the bill was so sent to
the President on the last day of the session, with-
out a suspension of the rule, and it did not vitiate
the bill. I take it that no question will be raised
by any tribunal of the world, if the assent ot the
Senate be now given to this provision. I ask that
the bill may be taken up, for the purpose of con-
curring in the amendment. It is for the Senate to
grant or refuse the request.
The PRESIDENT. The opinion of the Chair,
as a matter of course, #ould not affect the action
of the Senate. This is not a point of order, bat
a question for the Senate. The Chair will have
the resolution, which was yesterday adopted by
the two Houses, read for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the time fixed by the resolution of the
fhr-t of July, for the adjournment oi ifoe present «er,5-ion of
Congress be, and the t-ame is hereby, extended to Monday,
August 7, at right o'clock, a in : Piowled, That no mo
tion, other lii.m to adjourn, fliall be taken by ritln*r House,
uftor the hour of four o'clock, p. m , tins da}', (Friday )
Mr. HUNTER. How, then, can we take up
anything of this sort?
The PRESIDENT. The language of the res-
olution is conclusive, in my opinion; but it is a
question for the Senate, and not for the Chair to
decide. Is it the pleasure of the Senate to take
the question on the amendment of the House to
the bill which has been named?
Mr. PETTIT I think there can be no mis-
understanding the resolution which has been read.
The design of the two Houses, clearly, was that
we should not do any legislative business after
four o'clock yesterday. I shall not be willing to
vote on any question of the kind, and will not vote
either for or against.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Iowa desire that [ should put the question?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the amendment mtide by
the House to the bill of the Senate which has
been named by the Senator from Iowa?
The question being taken; it was determined in
the negative.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Cleik, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed an enrolled
bill entitled "An act to establish a land district in
the State of Flotida, to be called the district of
Tampa;" which was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
CASES UNREPORTED UPON.
Mr STUART. 1 have three cases which have
been intrusted to rne by committees, which i have
not heretofore been able to make a repott upon.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses, nothing in the nature of business can be
received.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that; but I
merely wish to report the cases back to the Senate,
without any recommendation at all
The PRESIDENT. That i* prohibited by the
resolution. The Chair is of the opinion that, under
a resolution adopted by the Senate a dav or two
sin-cc, the Senator may deliver them to the Secre-
tary.
Mr. PETTIT. We expressly passed a reso-
lution the other day, directing such reports to be
handed to the Secretary.
The PRESIDENT. No report can be entered
on the Journal, but it can be handed to the Sec-
retary.
Mr. STUART. All I desire to do is to return
the papers. I will accomplish that through the
Secrets ry.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an •
nouncing that ihey had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which they requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
An act allowing the further time of two years
to those holding lands by entries in the Virginia
military district in Ohio, which were made prior
to 1st January, 1852, to have the same surveyed
and patented; and
Joint resolution declaring the Seneca Indians
entitled to pension and bounty lands in certain
cases.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States,byMr. Webster,hisSecretary,
announcing that he had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act to establish a land district in the State
of Florida, to be called the district of Tampa;
An act granting the right of way to the Marys*
I ville and Benicia Railroad Company through and
over the grounds of the United States at Benicia,
in California; and
1 An act to establish certain additional post roads
| EXTRA WORK FOR PAGES.
[ Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to draw the atten-
I tion of the Senate to the operation of a joint reso-
I lution passed by Congress, with lespect to the
! compensation of the employees of the two Houses.
| It appears, by the joint resolution, that an addi-
i tion of twenty per cent, was allowed to the eom-
; pensation of those employees; but it is attended
1 by a proviso, that those who avail themselves of
l>the twenty per cent, provision, should not there-
. after receive the usual extra compensation for
I their services, it appears that the employees of
! the Senate, our pages particularly, availed them-
1 selves of the provisions of the joint resolution,
! and thereby received some eighty or ninety dol-
' lars in addition to their regular compensation.
The pages of the House, being better advised, or
' having more astuteness than those of the Se ate,
J did not avail themselves of the benefit of the joint
: resolution, and did not receive the twei.ty per cent.
The House, therefore, previously to its adjourn-
ment, voted to them the usual <£200 extra com-
pensation. The joint resolution appears to be
; well guarded, that the pages of the House should
| receive as much compensation as the pages of
| the Senate, thus placing them upon an equality.
I Under that joint resolution, if we had voted to the
pages of this body the usual $200 extra compen-
sation, the pa^es of the House would have re-
! ceived that sum without any action of the House,
j 1 think the rule should work both ways. I know
i that, under the existing joint resolution it is not
now, perhaps, within the power of the Senate to
i vote its pages the usual §200, or any portion of
; it, as extra compensation.
So it was ruled yesterday; but I think it is per-
fectly competent to do so. I have no disguise
about it; my great object is to place the pages of
' the Senate on an equality with the pages of the
House of Representatives. 1 therefore beg leave
to introduce a resolution to employ our pages in
i the folding-room for sixty days after the adjourn-
ment of Congress, at-the usual compensation
; which they leceive here. I hope, ft' the question
of order be raised upon it, the Chair will not
decide that question until it shall have been dis-
:l cussed by the Senate. The employment of the
1 pages m the folding room will expedite the sending
, of documents to Senators. Many of them will
not be sent, under the present arrangements, until
near the commencement of the next session, ft
will be a great accommodation to members, and
a ^reat benefit to the country, to have the public
. documents promptly delivered. I am infoimed
; by the gentleman who is in charge of the folding
room, that the pages could be well employed
: there, and that their employment would much
