1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] yields the floor to his colleague
for explanation. t.
Mr. OLDS. I supposed I had obtained the
Hoot: by the (ffecision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giudings] positively states that he yielded
the floor for explanation merely.
Mr. OLDS. 1 desire to make no personal ex-
planation .
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will yield to my colleague
one half of the time allotted to me.
Mr. OLDS, if the gentleman is entitled to the
floor, he can occupy it, and 1 will try and get it
afterwards. *
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the House for any considerable
time. I merely wish to repeat, that this question j
rests with the majority, and not with me nor my [
friends. That 1 may be understood as to the !
definite point upon which I rest the question of
privilege, I again call attention to the emphatic
language used in the article of the Union to which
I refer:
"In one word, protection and obedience are reciprocal
and inseparable, and thene who, like tin' Abolition incendi-
aries, Parker, riullips, Gidxusws, and others, are inces-
santly pioeiauning then hostility to the laws and Constitu-
tion, and suimiUti.ij? men, women, and children to violate
them as a sacted duty, in my opimou, have drum to the
protection of ikOiC laws or that Cou^tl/v:iull.'',
Now, Mr. Speaker, here is a distinct, a palpable,
an obvious invitation to assassins and mobocrats j
to perpetrate personal violence on members. '
Mr. LAXE, of Oregon, (interrupting.) I tie- \
sire to ask the gentleman from Ohio whether he :
feels that he is 111 danger of personal violence, or j
of assassination 5 I
Mr. GIDDINGS. My friend from Oregon will I
excuse me from answering that question, a a I |
think he has no right to put it. I will'say, how- !
ever, that i fear for the dignity of this body, if '
not for my own safety. 1 enteitain fears for the
character of the American Congress, and for the
maintenance and security of its rights ?
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him again ?
Mr. GI DDENGS. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. I did not distinctly hear the gen-
' tleman's answer, but 1 will say this to him, that
I am certain he is in nodangerofbeing personally
maltreated.
M r. GI DDI NG S. I do not thank the gentleman
for an assurance of that kind.
Mr. LANE, i am confident that nobody will
hurt him. [Laughter.] Nothing truer has been
ever said than that
" Conscience makes cowaids of ih all."
But there is no danger of my friend from Ohio.
He will not be hurt. [Laughter.] I propose to
go seciuity for his safety. We may thus save
time, and proceed to other business.
Mr. G1DDJNGS. Mr. Speaker, f could not
hear very distinctly the observations of ray friend
from Oregon, though I have no doubt that what-
ever he said was said m the kindest terms and
with the best intentions. I uudeistood him, how-
ever, to say that he would go security for my
personal safety. I am much obliged to him, but
I have not yet asked for that.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to resume the remarks
which [ was making when interrupted, I was say-
ing that thf editor of this paper lias pronounced
myself and others without the i>ale of the law, liable
at any moment to be shot down by an assassin,
whenever he shall please to perpetrate the work
of murder on our persons. It remains, sir, for
the Administration, whose organ this paper is, and
for the supporters of that Administration, to say
whether editors of this character shall he mam-
tamed by this body, and admitted to privileges in
this Hall. If the Administration is to be sustained
by braggarts and bullies, the country should
know it.
In reply to my colleague, [Mr. Olds,] when he
talks of my speech in Boston, be it understood,
in the first place, that 1 have served too long m
this body to permit him or any other rrwn to rail
nte from the question before us to any newspaper
reports of what I said in Boston. I spoke what
i pleased, and am responsible for it in the proper
mode; but what I may have said there does not
authorize the assassin to enter this Haii to slay me
or my fellow-members. My colleague has not the
power to dictate to me what I shall say, and when
I shall speak, and what language I shall utter. I
have been, as J said, somewhat too long m this
body to aliow gentlemen to rise here, and under-
take to crack their whips over me in this style.
sC Go tell jour slaves how cholenc you are,
And make your bondsmen tremble." .
But do not assail freemen with such language
as that, as though we were unacquainted with our
rights, or did not know how to maintain them.
The amount of his argument- is this, that I said
that which he deems wrong in Boston; therefore
the printer of this House may call on rowdies and
blacklegs to commit violence on my person; and
tell them that 1 am beyond the protection of lav/.
No, Mr. Speaker, let it be undeistood that,
whatever I may say, or wherever I may say it, 1
am responsible to gentlemen whom I assail and
to the public, in the same manner that other men
are; but I am not outlawed, and made the legiti-
mate object of murder, on account of a speech !
in Boston, or heie, or anywhere. I am a member
of this body, by the grace of God, and by the
aid of an enlightened constituency. And being
here, it is my duty to maintain, as far as in me
lies, the rights, the privileges, and dignity ot this
body. If gentlemen may pronounce me an out-
law, they may pronounce eveiy other member an
object of murder. Indeed, the question has al-
ready arisen whether members aie to be driven
from their propriety by editors who play the
whipper-in, and attempt to hiss on their blood-
hounds. Shall members here appear in their seats
armed and prepared to protect their persons from
violence? That now appears to be the question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in reply to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cllvoman,] and the
gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Lank,] let it be
understood that 1 do not call for piutection for
myself. But 1 seek protection for the dignity and
rights of this House. I say in pLun, distinct, and
definite language, that I ask the body to protect
itself, its dignity, its honor, and the purity of the
representative character of the nation. Every
member has the same interest m the subject which
I have. Thev will be affected to the same extent,
and, m voting, will incur the same responsibilities
which I must meet. It is true I am the person
paiticularly assailed. My name is used; but the
act, the threatened violence, is intended to affect
all, to affect the entire body, the whole nation.
My resolution asks no more protection for my-
self than for the body. It seeks to purify this
Hall from the contamination of such editors.
And here let me say, that if I recollect aright,
my colleague over the way [Mr. Olds] voted to
exclude the reporter of the Tnhune. 1 am not
certain about it, but speak from my present im-
pression. And if my memory serves me aright,
he voted to exclude from tins IIall the corre-
spondent ofthcTribune, for bidding up a colleague
of ours to ridicule. And all persons connected
with that paper were also excluded from this Hall
by the same resolution. I have had no time to
refer to precedent; I speak from recollection; but
I am perfectly conscious that 1 speak accurately.
And here 1 will reply one word to the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Mili,sont ] The reso-
lution before the House is in the piecise order,
and in the exact language,! think; I drew it from
memory, and I may have possibly varied in some
words frofn the resolution which excluded the re~
j porter, and ail persons connected with the New
: York Tribune on a former occasion, and which was
( carried entirely by the votes of the Democratic
| party of this House. Thegentleman from "Virginia
j [Mr. Millson] insisted that the editor might be
, expelled, but not the reporters. I know not who
[ the reporters of that paper are. They may be
, my warmest friends. But are the agents of this
| paper, a paper in which this assault is contained,
1 through which it is communicated to the country,
! to be allowed the privileges of this Hall? The
! object of my resolution is to stamp the paper with
! our disapprobation; to say to the country we will
h allow no persons connected with such a paper to
enjoy the privileges of this Hall. It is on account
i; of the character of the paper, on account of the
|j editor whose agents they ore, that we would ex-
j, cluue them from the Hall.
I have no design to occupy the time of the
House. All I a*k is, that gentlemen shall place
their names upon the record of yeas and navs, m
this case, that each shall say, in distinct language,
whether he will take upon himself the responsi-
bility of maintaining, of encouraging, an assassin
like him who controls the Washington Union, or
whether he will exclude such men from this Hall.
I care not whether you are Whigs, or Free-Soil-
ers, or Democrats, I desire each to express his
own sense of moral duty, of self-respect. Let it
be entered upon our records, and go foith to the
people. Let gentlemen come up and place their
names before the country, and let the people know
whether we tolerate a man who puts forth such
an article as that which has been read. Let each
member speak to his constituents; let them and
th# countiy understand our action, ourown sense
of propriety.
Sir, I see my colleague [Mr. Olds] is ready to
speak upon this matter. I want him to express
his views in relation to it, anS I desire to hear his
views in relation to it. I wish to ascertain whether
he would sustain a man, as officer of this body,
who invites assassination, because! orsome other
member has spoken severe things of members
m Boston or elsewhere. Does he advocate the
maintenance of rowdies and bullies here to prevent
members from doing what they please? Why,
sir, 1 said nothing in Boston that has not been
substantially uttered in this Hail on repeated oc-
casions. But I shall not enter upon that subject
at this time. I will, on a proper occasion, meet
my colleague on that subject; but I am not now
on trial; Mr. Nicholson is the man now before
us. We will try him, and then my colleague may
arraign me if he pleases. But now, I will not per-
mit myself to be drawn into a discussion of any-
thing I have said m Boston, or here, or elsewhere;
yet 1 will say that my colleague does not happen
to possess the power to read me out of the pale of
human society.
It has been suggested that the article complained
of is not editorial; that it appears under another
name. Why, sir, 1 shall not stand here to argue'
before the American people the question that an
editor is responsible for matters he puts forth.
The presumption is that he wrote it underanoiher
name for the very purpose of excusing himself
before the public. He has placed it there, he has
sent it before the American people, proclaimed it,
and must be held to the same responsibility as
though it were written by himself. Indeed, the
presumption is that he wrote it. *
Mr. OLDS here obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Ten^ssee. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio permit me to refer to the case of
the Tribune reporter?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. That case had nothing of a priv-
ileged character in it. Here is the record:
" Sir. Sawyer rose, and, by leave, m#de a personal ex-
planation in reference Jo a letter noni this city, which had
appeared m the New York Tribune, purporting fn bp a do-
scnplion of some of the personal habits ot Mr. S., and
othet wi^e of a scurrilous; and abusive character.
" The leason as>itrmd by Mr. S3, for bringing the matter
before the House was not to ask any interference on its
part, bnt to say that lie had been unable to fix the letter on
any individual; the one who was the lepnted correspondent
denying the authoj^hip^and save notice that in future when
attacks of this kind were made upon him he should take
the matter into his own hands."
The reporter does not go into explanation
further than necessary to render intelligible the
subsequent action of the House.
"Mr. Brivkkrhoff olfeied the following resolution:
(C llaolt erf, That the reporters or ktier-wnters of the
"Yew York Tribune be expelled fiorri this House.
" And >1 i. J . demanded the previous qfuMion.
u IVIr. Washington Hunt moved to lay the resolution on
the table, hut -ulHeqinjutly withdrew that motion, remfuk-
nur that his only reason for making it wa' to give time tor
explanation to the editor of the New York Tribune.
" The previous question was seconded, and the main
question ordeied.
" And alter a good deal of conversation, and some con-
fusion, the resolution was adopted by the following vote."
The vote stands—121 yeas, 49 nays. Upon
that resolution I voted in the affirmative, and the
gentleman from Ohio voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair,
that this is a privileged question, in not baaed upon
what appears in the Union newspaper. It is
based upon the matter embraced in the resolu-
tion offered by the erentleman from Ohio, which is
to expel from the Hall of the House the editors of
the Union, who are entitled to the privileges of the
Hall under the law of the House.
Mr. JOiNES. The editor of the Union is en-
! titled to the privilege o'f the Ha'l, as I understand
| it, not as an officer elected by this House, but as
' one of those to whom, under a standing rule of
