2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
expedite the delivery of the documents. T there-
fore offer the resolution which I have indicated.
The PRESi DING OFFICER,, (Mr. Pettit in
the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that {he res-
olution is not in order, under the resolution which
was yesterday adopted by the two Houses of
Congress.
Mr. MORTON. I believe the Chair is not
bound to give the reasons for a decision*, but I
should like to know on what grounds he decides
my resolution to he out of order
The PRESI DING OFFfCER. Let the Secre-
tary read the resolution of the two Blouses to the
Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That the time fixed by the resolution of the
1st of July for the adjournment of the pr^ent M snon of
Congress be, and th#  same is hereby, extended to Monday,
Angler the 7th, at eiaht o'clock, a. m.: Provided^ That no
inouon other than to adjourn shall betaken hy either Hou^e
alter the hour of four o'clock, p. in , this day, (Friday.")
Mr. MORTON. I do wot wish to call into
judgment the correctness of the decision of the
'Chair; but, in order to test the opinion of the Sen-
ate upon the question, 1 respectfully appeal from
the decision. *
Mr. WELLER. It seems to me that the reso-
lution which has been read applies exclusively to
legislative business—1 mean that sort of business
which requires the action of both branches of
Congress. If that construction be not given to it,
I do not see how the Senate can go into Executive
session, and receive motions there; because, if we
do go into Executive session, as a matterof course
the husiness transacted there will be by motion.
Why is it that we can do that business? It is be-
cause Executive business belongs exclusively to
the Senate. Now, the motion made by my friend
from Florida is to continue the pages m office.
That being a subject which is under the exclusive
control of the Senate, I apprehend it is perfectly
in order. The Senate, I think, would have a
right now, if they saw proper to make an appro-
priation out of their own contingent fund towards
the payment of any of their officers, because that
is a subject under the exclusive control of the
Senate. We must look, sir, to the intention of
"those who offered the original resolution which has
been adopted by the two Houses. It was to pre
vent the agitation of any new questions, or to pre-
vent the passage of any measure, by either branch
of Congress, during to-day or Monday, but. upon
any question under the exclusive control of the
Senate, I apprehend the power of the Senate is
unimpaired by that resolution. So that I suppose
the'proper construction to be given to it is, that
it applies only to that sort of business which re-,
quires the joint action of Congress—the action of
both brandies. The resolution introduced by the
Senator from Florida requires no action on the
part of the othet branch of Congress, but relates
to a subject under the exclusive control of this
body; and, therefore, I think it is entirely in
ordet.
Mr. BRIGHT. I respectfully deny the right
of the Chair to entertain any legislative motion.
After having agreed to the resolution from the
House of Representatives, it would be bad faith
to act on any legislative proposition. I am sur-
prised. that Senators should insist upon it. It is
useless to make the effort, for there is less than a
quorum present, and I shall feel compelled to call
for a division.
Mr. WELLER. Properly speaking, legislative
action requires the cooperation of both branches
of Congress. By the Constitution the legislative
power is vested in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. Therefore, when you speak of legis-
lative business, you speak of that business which
requires the action of both branches of Congress.
Here is a resolution which does not propose action
by the legislative department of the Government.
It simply proposes action, on the part of the Sen-
ate, in regard to its own officers, in regard to those
who yi e under the exclusive control of the^Senate
It IK a resolution proposing that the pages ami
folders of the Senate—who are officers of this
body—shall be put upon duty at a certain com-
pensation for the next sixty days. That is not,
in my judgment, legislative htfsmess within the
meaning of th  Constitution.
Mr. BRIGHT. Admitting that t!ie Senator is
right, I think that, under a law which has been
passed at no such resolution can be
adopted. We passed a law declaring that no offi-
cers of this body should be paid extra compensa-
tion for any services they might render; and,
therefore, on that ground alone the resolution is
out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question The Senator flora Florida
moves a resolution to continue the employment ot
! the pages of the Senate in the folding room for
j sixty days alter the adjournment at their usual
j compensation. The Chair decides it to be out of
j order. From that decision the Senator from Florida
; takes an appeal, i he question is, "Shall the de-
! cision of me Chair stand as the judgment of the
I Senate?"
I Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust the argument
j of the Senator from California has satisfied the
I Chair that he is in error in respect to this matter.
! In general, the piesent occupant of the chair [Mr.
I Pettit] is right m all his actions; but i thmk'he
is clearly wrong in this instance. -The resolution
of the two Houses has no relation whatever to
our contingent fund or to our pages. We can go
on transacting that sort of senatorial business just
as though no such resolution had been adopted
I hope the Chair will reconsider the matter, and
I reverse his decision.
j Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
! prefers leaving it to,the Senate.
| Mr. STUART. This exact question was de-
I cided by the President of this body this morning,
j I came m here with three memorials which had
; been referred to me, as a member of one of the
j standing committees, and simply asked to be
j allowed to report them to the Senate without any
i recommendation. The President of this body de-
j cided that it could not be done. Now, in order
| to get rid of all talk about this matter, 1 move to
| lay the appeal on the table.
| Mr. WELLER. 1 beg leave to inquire whether
1 that would curry the resolution with it? A ie-
[ markable decision on that point was made yester-
i day by theSenatorfrom Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
when he occupied the chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
has not been received, and it cannot go on the
table until after it is received.
Mr. BRIGHT. Has the the Chair entertained
the proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
stated that it was not in order, and, therefore, it
has not been received.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the only question is on
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion has
been made to lay that appeal on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. No such motion can be made
i under our rules.
| Mr. CHASE. I make the point of order that
! a proposition to lay the appeal on the table is a
1 motion, and cannot be received, and cannot be
| acted on. No appeal can be taken; no motion to
; lay an appeal on the table can be taken. The
! Chair is simply to carry out the ordei that has
j been made by the two Houses, that no motion
j shall be takon, and he can receive none.
I Mr. STUART. I have no doubt that the
1 Senator from Ohio is entirely right. The Chair
I cannot entertain any motion at ail. That is
| undoubtedly the true construction.
Mr. DAWSON, (to the Presiding Officer.)
You are a perfect dictator this morning, and can
' do as you please. [Laughter.]
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
| occupant of the chair is by no means a parlta-
| menmnan, nevpr having made the rules a study;
j but it struck him very forcibly that the resolution
1 was not in oider; but not wishing to exercise dic-
tatorial authority, he did not undertake to deny
, the right of appeal.
i Mr. DAWSON. You have a great deal of the^
• talent about you. Ex- rcise it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the sense of
ji the Senate be that the appeal shall not be enter-
- tained, the Chair will not receive it.
| EXECUTIVE SESSION.
A message was received from the President of
i the United States, bv Mr Webster, his Secretary,
j -The PRESIDING OFFICER. The message
i is of an ExecuMve character.
1 Mr. WALKER. I move that the Senate pro-
! cef{* to the consideration of Executive busness. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I object. Is that j
mctitin in cfrtffcr? ' f
Mr. DOUGLAS. Our legislative session is
closed; and 1 suppose we can go on with Execu-
tive business.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. It has been decided
that we can make no motion except to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That applies evidently to
legislative business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that a motion for Executive session is m
order. The resolution which has been referred to
| appertained to legislative business.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, you
have the power; we cannot appeal.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned until eight o'clock on Monday morning.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jhtgust 5, 1854.
The House met at ten o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which' were signed by the Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1855;
An act for the relief of William Currant
An act providing a pension to Captain Thomas
Porter;
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1855;
An act granting the right of way to the Mays-
ville and Bemcia Railroad Company through and
over the grounds of the United States at Benicu,
in California;
An act to repeal the Bret proviso of the fourth
section of an act entitled t$ Ail act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States,'' approved September 28, 1850.
The SPEAKER. If the House will allow the
Chair he will state that there are a number of bilk"}
to be reported by the Committee on Enrolled Bills;
also a number of messages from the Senate, and
from the President of the United States which
should be received before the time of adjournment.
The Senate meet at twelve o'clock, and he would
suggest that the House take a recess until that
time, when, perhaps, more business may be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think one o'clock will
be soon enough. I would suggest one o'clock,
and hope there will be no objection.
There was no objection; and the Speaker an-
nounced that the House had taken a recess until
one o'clock, p. m.
At half past twelve o'clock the Speaker took
the chair, and said: The proposition which was
assented to by the House was, that it should take
a recess until one o'clock. That could not have
been done regularly under the joint resolution of
the two Houses. There.is a single bill which
must necessarily be signed by the Speaker and
returned to the Senate while that body is m ses-
sion. The Chair understands the Senate will
adjourn in the course of a few minutes, and unless
the bill is signed by the Speaker, it cannot become
a law. The Chair does not think there is any-
thing irregular in the proceeding, and if that be
the opinion, he will sign the bill.
Several Members. That's right.
Mr. GREEN then, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a
bill constituting aland district in the State of Flor-
ida, to be called the district of Florida; which
was signed by the Speaker.
At one o'clock the Speaker again called the
House to order, and a message was received from
the President of the United States, by Sidney
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, notifying
the House that he did, on the 4th instant, ap-
prove and sign bills of the following titles:
An act to-carry into effect a treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, signed on the 5th
day ofJune, 1854;
An act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending .Tune 30, 1855;
An act making appropriations for the service'of
