mt
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
this committee. They well knew that after this
House had, by a very decided vote, ingrafted these
amendments on the deficiency bill which was re-
jected, if there was one recommendation stronger
than another, it was that which came from the
Secretary of the Treasury, and was afterwards
indorsed by the committee. But they wanted
this deficiency bill through. I want it through. I
will vote with the committee. In order to get it
through without involving these questions of cus-
*tom-houses and marine hospitals, what do they
-do? They report a special bill for custom-houses
and marine hospitals. Now let me tell the friends
of these appropriations upon this floor, that that
bill is upon the Calendar in its order, and cannot
be brought up as a general appropriation bill. It
will sleep there until the month of August, and
probably the last night of the session, when the
necessity for the appropriations, to a certain ex-
tent, will cease to exist.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The committee can
take it up at any time. Whenever we go into the
Committee'of the Whole on the state of the Union
I know that the Committee of Ways and Means
feels itself bound in good faith to move to lay
aside other business to take it up.
Mr. RIDDLE. I know that it is an appropri-
ation bill. If the Committee of Ways and Means
so regard it, if they are willing that it shall pass,
why not put the appropriations in the deficiency
bill ? Why not pass them at once?
The appropriation bill for custom-houses in-
volves a very small, trifling, and insignificant
amount. The Secretary of the Treasury has con-
tracted for the construction of the buildings. He
has contracted according to law, and not as the
gentleman from the first district of Virginia re-
marked, beyond his power; but he has reserved
• to the Department the right to alter the manner of
constructing those buildings, if Congress makes
the appropriations. He has not violated in the
least degree either the law, the spirit of the law,
or the principle involved in the last act of Con-
£tess, which restricted him to a given amount.
The gentleman has frequently alluded to that fact,
and 1 know that he would be the last man upon
this floor to misrepresent the Secretary of the
Treasury, if he had read the contracts. He has
in my case, and I believe in others, provided in
the contract that the building shall be constructed
foraspecified sum, unless Congress provided for
an amount to make it fire-proof.
But what will be the consequence if this bill
providrngfor the completion of custom-houses is
not passed? The building which is beingcon-
structed in my district has now reached its first
story. If the contractor be not allowed to go on
and build it in the way specified in the contract,
in consequence of delay, he will probably come
before Congress and claim damages arising from
his outlay. If theseappropriationsarenowpassed
the General Government will be able to carry out
the recommendations of the Secretary, and the
buildings will be put up, as every practical man
will admit they should be, in a fire-proof manner.
And now, Mr. Chairman, permit me to say,
that 1 think my particular friend from the Rich-
mond district [Mr. Caskie] yesterday uninten-
tionally fell into an error when he changed his
position on these several propositions. In the
course of his remarks he admitted that he was
governed,on a previous occasion,in the vote which
he gave, to a certain extent, by the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury; but to use
the reported language of the gentleman himself:
" I did not «ive the votes on the recommendation of the ;
Secretary alune, though 1 attach much weight to tt, hut I !
gave them not only on that reeoimncndalion, but upon my
knowledge of the wants of the placet* where tiiey were
located, derived from nij pievious service m tins House,
and an investigation oonf-idered Huihcicnt, by myself, at
Jeast, of the whole subject."
Now, sir, I say, that if my friend from Virginia
had given this question the examination which he
is so well capable of doing, he would see that ;
some of these appropriations would be useless un- i
less obtained immediately, and in the only way !
they can be, in the deficiency bill. I was glad to [
hear him admit he was governed, to a certain ex- |
tent}sfby the recommendation of the Secretary of i
the Treasury; for while I declaie that no other |
man can be as well informed as to the wants and j
necessities of the commercial interests—I say, ;
from my personal knowledge of that distinguished 1
officer of the Government, that he ig incapable of I
recommending a measure which would not, in his
opinion, formed correctly as it is likely to be, from
an advantage of the knowledge of facts which we
are not always able to collect, conduce to the gen-
eral interest and economy of the Government.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 rise to ask a question.
My object is to get information from my friend on
my left, [Mr. Riddle.] If this be a real defioiency
I will vote for his position. But I now oppose
the amendment, to enable me to get the information
I desire. I understood, from the gentleman's re-
marks, that the building which was originally or-
dered to be constructed has got a certain way up.
Now 1 ask him, was not the whole appropriation
necessary for the building made at the time? I
mean the amount that it was estimated to cost,
and that it was directed by Congress to expend on
it. I say, was not the whole appropriation then
made?
Mr. RIDDLE. I will answer the gentleman's
question briefly. My answer is this: The Secre-
tary of the Treasury being bound up and restrict-
ed by act of Congress, contracted for the erection
of this building at the amount specified. This
amount was not sufficient to make it fire-proof.
He put a provision into that contract, that in the
event of Congress appropriating an additional sum
for it, and requiring to have it made fire-proof, he
reserved the right to the Department to make an
alteration m the contract.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, Mr. Chairman, I
understand the point to be this: Congress voted
#25,000 to build a custom-house at Wilmington.
Mr. RIDDLE. That is but one part of it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 know. Congress voted
$25,000 to make a custom-house, I say, at a point
where there is but §800 a year collected 
Mr. RIDDLE, (interrupting.) Oh, that is a
very small matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is a very small matter,
[laughter,] but 1 hope the gentleman will not inter-
rupt me again. Sir, it is not the amount of money
winch 1 object to in this case. What I object to
is the vicious practice that has grown up, by
which—when Congress votes a specific sum and
directs any of its officers to execute the law m re-
lation to it—he goes on and contracts to expend a
larger sum. I do not indorse that system. If
this xvere a case of very high necessity, if there
were an actual necessity for spending more than
$25,000 to collect a very trifling sum, 1 do not
know that 1 would hesitate in voting for it, on
account of the failure of the Secretary of the
Treasury to carry out the law. But when I find
that this is only in keeping with the course pursued
of nullifying legislation; when I find that the officers
of the Government have undeitaken to neutralize
and render of no effect that provision of the Con-
stitution which places the money power here, and
which authorizes Congress to make appropriations
to accomplish the necessary works of commerce;
and when 1 find that done m a case, not only of
no necessity, but against all neccessity what-
ever, 1 will not lend my vote to support such a
system, no man will contend, I think, that §25,000
was insufficient to provide a fire-proof building
sufficiently large to collect this small amount of
revenue. You can make a very good house, ;
a fire-proof one, for $25,000. And yet in this in- i
stance the Secretary of the Treasury has gone
forward against all necessity, and made contracts
for the expenditure of a larger sum. And my
friend from Delaware, acting, no doubt, in accord-
ance with the wishes of his constituents, urges you
to make another appropriation to complete the
building.
Mr. RIDDLE. I must state to the gentleman
from North Carolina that though the duties col-
lected at Wilmington are, I know, small, yet that
this building is intended for the accommodation of
the Government officers there; such as the super-
intendent of light-houses—in one of the most im-
portant districts of our commerce—the post office,
and the court-rooms. They are all provided for
in this building.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No doubt. And yet I be-
lieve that a building large enough to accommodate
all these officers might be constructed for $25,000.
My object was to ascertain whether we had failed
to appropriate the sum originally agreed to be ap-
propriated. I understand we have not, and 1 am
not disposed to enlarge the building*
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I offer an
amendment, which I send to the Clerk, as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Presto^.] I do it with the
consent of that gentleman.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to apply such sum as in his opinion may be
necessary to complete the building for the cu«tom-house.
post office, and court-house in the eity of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania; and to furnish such-building in a manner appro-
priate to its uses, and to improve the grounds attached to
said building; and albo to pay to the two commissioners
who superintend the construction of said building such
compensation as the said Secretary shall deem just, not to
exceed three dollars a day each : Provided, That the sum
so, as aforesaid, to be expended by the Secietary of the
Treasury shall not exceed the sum now remaining unex-
pended of appropiiauons heretofore made for the said build-
ing.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will simply state to the com-
mittee that this amendment is offered with the
consent of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston,] and also, so far as I have been able to
ascertain, with the consent of the Committee of
Ways and Means. It asks for no newappropria-
tion of money, but simply empowers the Secre--
tary of theTreasury to appropriate a balance which
has been left from the money which was appro-
priated for the erection of the building; which
balance was saved, by the architect who superin-
tended the construction of the building, for the
very purpose asked for in this amendment. The
Secretary of the Treasury had technical scru-
ples, and refused to apply the appropriation of that
balance to the purposes for which it was saved.
Therefore it is that my amendment proposes to
authorize that disposition of it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. When the deficiency bill
was first presented to the House, I voted to amend
it by the insertion of the custom-house appropria-
tions. They were recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury; and no argument or fact had
been exhibited to demonstrate the impropriety of
the recommendation. The amendment was car-
ried by a decided majority. But the bill, as
amended, was lost by an overwhelming vote.
Now, sir, the deficiency bill is again presented
to the committee, and again the motion is made to
incorporate into it the custom-house and marine
hospital appropriations. The question is, Shall
we again votfe in this amendment, and again sub-
ject the bill to a defeat?
For myself, sir, though interested in one of
these appropriations, and earnestly desiring its
adoption by the House, I am disposed to recede
from the position I occupied on the former occa-
sion, and to disembarrass the majority, who are
responsible to the country for the maintenance of
the Government. I cannot recognize the propriety
of renewing the same course of action with this
bill, when we are fully justified in believing that a
persistence in this line of conduct must produce
the same effect, and lead to the same conclusion.
Though gentlemen may regard my present de-
termination as hazarding the fate of the custom-
house appropriations; yet, sir, I will prefer even
this, greatly prefer it, to jeopardizing again the
success of a bill necessary to the ordinary wants
and demands for the regular operation of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. PRESTON, (interrupting.) I would state
to the gentleman from Alabama that I will ask the
unanimous consent of the House to strike out
from my amendment the appropriation for the
custom-house at Mobile. I move, with the indul-
gence of the House, to strike it out, so as to leave
that appropriation m the second bill, which has
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am speaking against the
whole amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky—and the Mobile appropriation is but part
and parcel thereof—and 1 say again, that I am
willing to hazard that local interest for the good of
the whole country; as between this loral measure,
however much it may concern me, or my constit-
uents, personally, I repeat, let it go down, rather
than incur a defeat of a general measure so ne-
cessary to the full operation of the Government.
I have voted the appropriations for the custom-
house, and voted in a majority; that majority can
vote them through in the separate bill now before
us, and I will aid them in every manner to effect
an object which I believe comports with the best
