1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
the House, the Speaker is authorized to assign
seats within the Hall.
Mr. OLDS. My colleague has warned me
that he has been too long a member of this House
not to be acquainted with the privileges which he
personally holds in consequence of" being a mem-
ber of the Congress of the United States; too well
to allow himself to be^ailedjn question here for
what he has pleased to say elsewhere, Mr.
Speaker, I do not propose to call him in question.
1 do npt propose to arraign my colleague before
this House for saying in Boston that others of
his colleagues had given votes upon this floor
under the influence of bribery and corruption.
But I think, and I will way, that it comes in bad
grace from him, after having thus slandered his
colleagues, to call in question A. O. P. Nicholson
for what appears in this morning's Union. It
comes in bad grace from one who could leave his
colleagues with a friendly farewell, and then, when
hundreds of miles distant from them, attempt to
strike them, assassin-hke, in the dark; to strike
them, not in their person, oh, no; my colleague
is a man of peace; butio strike them in their rep-
utation; to strike them behmd their back; to strike
them before an audience of strangers, where he
knew they could not be heard in defense;,to strike
them with accusations which he knew to be false,
false in their inception, and false in their utter-
ance 
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. OLDS. I will.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does my colleague speak
for himself, or for others?
Mr. OLDS. Ay, Mr. Speaker, do I speak for
myself, or for others ? I tell my colleague that 1
©peak for myself and for others.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That will'do.
Mr. OLDS. I speak for myself and for others.
1 speak to my colleague and to others. What I
say I do not say in the dark. 1 do not go to the
city of Boston, where i can be surrounded by an
Abolition mob, to protect me in what I say.
What I say, I say here upon the floor of the
American Congress, for my colleague to hear,
and for the American people to hear; and I say
that he who comes upon this floor and claims pro-
tection, under the fear of personal violence, should
not be the man to go, and, assassin-like, seek to
stab his colleagues in the dark. Sir, the man who
says that he cannot be held responsible for slan-
ders uttered elsewhere against his colleagues—
slanders, I repeat, sir, false in their inception, and
false in their utterance—slanders which had no
existence except in the distempered imagination of
my colleague—ought notto receive from this House
protection either in his person or reputation.
But, sir, my colleague says that he does not j
speak from fear—fear of personal violence; he j
brings this matter before us that the House may j
take care of its own dignity. If 1 recollect, on a 1
memorable occasion this House did try to take |
care of its dignity. Yes, sir, the House did under-]
take to preserve its dignity when the conduct of J
that colleague of mine was such that, under a vote j
of censure by this House, he thought fit to resign !
his seat upon this floor. A friend near me re- !
marks that my colleague was not expelled, but !
only resigned his seat. Yes, sir, I so understand |
it. The House, to preserve its dignity, passed !
resolutions censuring my colleague; and he, like j
the man who was kicked down stairs, coolly re- j
marked that he left before the row commenced, j
[Great laughter.] Perhaps the same course now '
would greatly tend to the dignity of this House.
I have already said that he who comes here
to make accusation against his fellow-members,
or against the officers of this House, ought to
come with clean hands and a pure heart. Can
the gentleman do so? I would ask whether, if
those of the gentleman's colleagues whom he has
vilified and slandered, who voted in opposition to
him on a recent measure, felt the same personal
fear of violence that he has manifested, they could
not claim the protection of this body? I know
they would scorn to do it. Like honorable men,
they will and can protect themselves. Have they
not been threatened with personal violence ? Did
not the organ of a fanatic party in this country
call on the incendiary to apply his torch to this
Capitol, that its inmates might perish beneath its
crumbling ruins? Did the fanatics stop there?
Let me read what the gentleman's colleagues—I
do not mean his colleagues upon this floor, but
his colleagues in fanaticism—say on this subject.
Here is what Cassius M. Clay says, speaking of
gentlemen from the North who voted for the Ne-
braska bill:
" What, then, shall be done ? 1. Tn the first place, pun-
ish the traitors, a* an example for all fmure tunes. 1
honestly believe tknt e< cry m<ax of the free States who voted
for (he repeal oj the Missouri reliction deserves death. But
there is no legal way of inflicting the penally—the halter,
then, they must escape."
So thought Horace Greeley,.and therefore he
would have the incendiary apply the torch to the
Capitol ofw the country, that its inmates might
perish beneath its crumbling ruins. So think Cas-
sius M. Clay, Wendel Phillips, Theodore Parker;
and so think the strong-minded women of the
North with whom they are associated. [Laugh-
ter.]
" The halter, then, they mav escape. Rut one thing can
be done—break them on the wheel of public opinion."
That is what my colleague undertook to do.
He went to Boston to bieak them down on the
wheel of public opinion. How did he undertake
to do so? By branding them as bribed; by making
charges which he knew, in giving them utterance,
were false; as I said before, false m their incep-
tion, and false in their utterance. Break them on
the wheel of public opinion ! Yes, sir, by false-
hood my colleague, and those associated with him,
attempt to create public opinion, as he did
against his colleagues m his Boston speech, and
then break them down on its wheel! Sir, you
cannot reach such men by Uw. They have not
the courage lostuke personally in the dark; but
they have the c.ournge to strike reputations m the
dark. They have Sot the courage to apply the
torch of the incendiary to the Capitol; but they
have the courage to go to Boston, and there stab
reputation in the dark, calling cgi the country to
break honest men's reputations on the wheel of
public opinion, and then to skulk into this House
and claim that the printer of this House shall be
expelled—for what? For having given utterance
to the truth, so far as my colleague and those as-
sociated with him are concerned, in relation to this
matter.
Mr. Speaker, I feel that I ought to ask pardon
of this House and of the country for having said
what i have said in relation to this matter. I
feel that! have really done my colleague a ser-
vice; for every attack made upon him in this
House, every attack made upon him by the
lovers of the Constitution, and. upon the fanat-
icism of the party with which he operates, by
either the Democratic or the Whig party, only
helps to build him up, and return him constantly
to occupy a seat on this floor. Talk about pre-
serving the dignity of the House—what, after
receiving a virtual expulsion, he can come back
here year after year to hold a seat on this floor!
Ay, and if i mistake not, he talked in Boston
about attempting to kick the South into the sup-
port of right measures on tins floor.
A Member. Kick them into indignation.
Mr. OLDS. Well he knows how to do that.
He knows, by peisonal experience, what it is to
be kicked into indignation. [Laughter.] But, as
1 said before, every word uttered m relation to this
matter only tends to make my colleague stronger;
and perhaps that was his object in bringing the
matter before the House. It is not personal vio-
lence that the member fears. His peace notions
would protect him from that. He is not a war
man. He never voted for a war measure; and if
you had an altercation with him, it would be
coffee'for two instead of pistols for two. [A
laugh.] Begging pardon of the House for thus
noticing my colleague, I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS, I hope my colleague will
withdraw that motion, so as to afford me an op- :
portunity of replying to him.
Mr. OLDS. My colleague had better say what
he has to say in Boston.
Mr. HUNT. I think the gentleman ought to
be heard m reply to his colleague.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope my colleague will be
as generous to me as I was to him, in affording
roe a moment's reply.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Give him fair play.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I a^k for the yeas and nays
on the motion of my colleague".
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. WARREN. I ask for the reading of the
article in the Union to which the resolution refers.
Several Members objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL. " 1 suppose that if we vote
down the motion to lay the resolution upon the
table, we can have the article read again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it would
not be in order, if objection be made, both papers
having been read. Does the gentleman from Ohio
(Mr^Campbell] ask a vote of the House upon
the propriety of having the article read?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do. I move that it be
read.
The question was taken upon Mr. Campbell's
I motion; and it was agreed to.
| The article was again read.
| The question was then taken on Mr. Olds's
i motion to lay the resolution upon the table; and
j there were—yeas 77, nays 29; as follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C Allen, Willi's Allen,
| David J Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Boeuck, Boyce,
| Breckinridge, Bridies, Caiuthers, Chrisman, Clark, Oling-
man, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Cullom, Curtis, Cutting, Jolm
G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dovvdeli. Dunbai, Edmuod^on,
John M. Elliott, Faulkner, Gonde, Gieenwood, Hamilton,
Wiley P. flatus, ffendiieks, Henn, Ilillycr, Houston,
Geoige W. Jones, Kidvvfll, Letcher, Luuiley, Maedomild,
McDougall, AIcMullin, Mncy, Maxwell, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Million, Ofd<, Mordecai Olivet, John Per-
kins, Phelps, Powell, Pro«toti, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey,
Robbing Ruliin, Seward. Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Sin- *
gleum. Samuel A. Smith, William il. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Ficdeuek P. Stanton, Richaid EI. Stanton. Hestor
L. Stevens, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Warren,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck B. Wnght—77.
NAYS—Me^is. Applriott. Ball, Benton, Campbell,
Cook. Corwm, Ciocker, Dick, Edm.ind-, Everhart, Good-
rich, Aaron Hailan, Haven, Howe, Hunt, Kno\, I,md>ley,
McCulloch, Norton, Parkei. Pi ingle. D^vid 1'iicVue, Rus-
^eil, Sapp. Skekon, Oernt Smith, Upham, Walley, and
Tampan Wen I worth—29.
No quorum voting.
Air. HAMILTON. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The roll was then called, and one hundred and
twenty-four members answered to their names.
The following are the names of the absentees:
Messrs. Thomas II. Bayly, Banks, Bennett, Benson,
Bif-i-ell, Bliss, Brooks, Bugg, Carpenter, C i«kie, Chamber-
lain, Chase, Chasiam, Chnrchweil, Craige, dimming,
Thomas Davis, Dean, l)e Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Drum,
Dunham, Ea.vtman, Eddy, Edgertou, Thomas D. Eliot,
Engli-h, Etliendge, Farley, Fenton, Flakier, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller,"Gamble, Grey, Grow, Andrew J. Hailan,
Sampson YV. Hams, Harrison, Hastings, ilihbard, Hughes,
InireisoU, Daniel T. Jone-i, Roland Jones. Keitt, Kerr, Ktf-
tred«r«>. Kurtz, Lamb,Lane, Latham, Lilly,Lyon,McNair,
McQueen. Mace, Matteson, Maurice, May, Me.tcham,
MuUiieswarth, Morgan, Murray, Noble, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Peck. Peekham, Pennington, Phillips, Pratt,
Puryeai, Ready. Reese. Richardson, Rogers, Rowe, Sa-
bni. Suite, Shower, Skelton, William Smith, Snodgrass,
Suffers, Alexander H. Stephens, Straub, David Stuart,
Jolm J. Taylor, Jolm L.Taylor, Tracv, Tweed, Wade,
Walbndge, Walker, WnMi, Elliiiu B. Washhurne, Israel
Washburn, Weils, Jolm Wentwortli, Weatbrook,Wiieeler,
Witte, Yates, and Zolhcoffer.  
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The Doorkeeper will
now close the doors.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If we have a quorum
present, I hope that all further proceedings in the
call will be dispensed with. I make that motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Clingman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now is on laying the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. G'iddi.vgs] upon the table; uoon
which the yeas and qays have been ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 79, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Mes=rs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Alien,
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry,
Belchei, Rocock, Bovee, Breckinridge, Budges, Caruthers,
Clark, Clmgman. Cobb, Colquitt, Cullom. Citrus, Cutting*
JohnG Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dovvdeli, Dunbar, Edmund-
son. Ellison. Ew 1112. Faulkner, Goode, Green, Greenwood,
Hamilton, Ilemliu k?, Henn, I!ill, Hxilyer,Houston. Georga
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Kidwell, Letcher, Linriley,
Macdonaki. McDougalL McMullin. Macy. Maxwell, John
C. Milter, Smith Miller, Mill-son, Olds, "Mordecai Ohver}
Bishop Perkins, John Peikin«. Phelps, Powell, Preston 4
Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbjns, Ruffiu, Seward, Sey-
mour, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, George W. Sniyth,
Ftederick P. Stanton, Puchatd H. Stanton, Hestor L. Ste,
vfn«, Srratton, Nathaniel G Taylor,Vail,Variant, Warren,
Dame! B Wright, and Henduck B. Wnght—79
NAYS—Me-srs. Appleioit, Benton, Campbell, Cook,
Oorwin, Ctocker, Dick, Erfmands, Everhart, Giddmgs,
Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Howe, Hunt, Knox,
kiadsiey, Mayall, Norton, Parker, Pringle, David Ritchie,,
