2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not open any debate.
"Why shin down on me ?
Mr. HIBRARD If this debate is to continue,
I want to say a word.
Mr. PRATT. We came here to transact such
business as might be necessary, and I, for one,
am not willing to sit here, and hear Buncombe
Speeches.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman may leave,
if he chooses, for aught I care; and, as i have the
floor, I call him to order
The SPEAKER. The Chair at once states to
the House that-there is no proposition before the
body to authorize this discussion. The Chair
was disposed, so long as others felt inclined to do
so, to allow gentlemen to make remarks.
Mr. H1BBARD. I will not object, if I am
allowed one question. If this debate is to go on,
I want a hand in it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the House will
allow me a moment.
[Cries of " Order ! *' "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
discussion, unless it be by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope consent will he
given.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes it will not
be given, if the Chair may be allowed to express
a hope. But the Chair would be happy to con-
foim to the wishes of those present, as we have a
leisure moment upon hand
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not intend to discuss
the merits at all; nor would I have said one word
had not others brought this matter before the
House; and, to cut ail hinds off, I now move that
the Mouse adjourn.
Mr. H1BBA R D. Will the gentleman just allow
me to say that the friends of the President 
fCries of " Order!" "Older!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see but
there is as many who desire to taik now, as when
we are all together. [Laughter] The gentleman
from New Hnmpshiie appeals to the gentleman
from Ohio to allow him a moment.
Mr, CAMPBELL I should he very happy to
hear the gentleman from New Hampshne, who
• wishes to speak on behalf of the " friends of the
President," or any other member present, upon
this subject, ax we are told there is nothing else
for us to do. Before taking my seat, however, 1
desire to say a word more.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Ohio pro-
ceed with his remarks?
There being no objection,
Mr. CAMPBELL proceeded: I shall be very
brief. 1 am perfectly willing to extend to others
the right they extend to me. That has been my
com se unifot m!y upon all occasions. I was pro-
ceeding to «ay that the inland Slates were im-
posed upon. In the valley of the Mississippi,
taking the A lleghany rid see as the dividing line, and
embracing the country extending to the noithern
hikes, theie is now more than half the population
of the United Slates; and, as a matter of coarse,
they have to hear more than one half of all the
burdens of the General Government. They con-
tribute more than one half of the money for the
applanations that are made for the benefit of the
external commerce, for your light-houses, your
navy, your coast survey, and other sea-board
improvements; more than half of the money for
the common defense and general welfare. Yet,
sir, withm about fifteen years we nave had but
•one single bill ofany consequence for the improve-
ment of the rivers,, takes, and haibors of that
immense valley.
Those who have come here from the West have,
•through their Representatives, without distinction
of party, urged their claims for that section, and
Sor all other measures of national improvement
or the purpose of showing that they have not been
sectional m th;s matter, f refer to the fact that a
"jew days since they voted for the Cape Fear river
■appropiititKin, which was not vetoed. Yet, sir*
■tins very measure, which benefits the West, that
na* been carrier' through th/s House and through
Jie Wenare by the aid of th* votes of the friends
•of trie Executive, >c. each of which they have a
,vnuj >rity o: two to one, «?r;cken down !>y the
power of one man f Ay, sir, and strange to' tell,
'hat s-ery man pretends that the great principle
which governs hm Executive acts is that of 44 pop-
ular sovereignty!" How ridiculous to profess to
make that the rule which has controlled his con-
duct on this occasion.
Now, sir, m this state of the case, as this ques-
tion is not now m a condition in which it can be
acted upon, and as it will come up the next ses-
sion and be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, when it can be
discussed, I close, by repeating, that I shall strike
hands with the gentleman from Illinois, and all
other men who wijl lepiesent truly these interior
interests without regard to party. I shall stand
with men of any party, the unflinching friend of
the wronged West, advocating the just demands
of (^popular sovereignty" against the tyranny of
the veto power.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I must object to this dis-
cussion going on further. There is no occasion
for any more speeches.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw his objection to
allow me to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr Smith] is entitled to the floor if the
debate is to proceed.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 did not come here this
morning expecting that this matter was to come
up now. The discussion is manifestly premature,
and out of order. 1 do not propose to engage in
it at this time; but after what has been said by
the gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
Illinois, I desire to say that, at the proper time
and place, the friends of the principles embodied
in the President's message, will, ! apprehend, be
prepared to defend and maintain them as the doc-
trines of republican equality, based upon the Con-
stitution itself, alike just to the whole country,
North, South, East, and West, wronging no State
or section. They are principles laid down by the
fatheiaof the Democratic church, sanctioned over
and over by the people of the country. I regard
them as just in theory, and expedient m practice.
As such, I repeat, their friends will be ready, at
the proper time, to defend them. Sir, I am sorry
to see a gentleman so fair-minded as the gentle-
man from Ohio usually is, make what seems an
attempt to create sectional feeling between differ-
ent portions of the country—something that looks
like an appeal to the sectional feelings of the
West. I do not think his intention is such, and
I am quite sure his remarks will have no such
effect at home, when the subject shall be exam-
ined and understood.
The doctrine of the message, as I understand
it, would, hy no means, preclude improvements
for the W"est, It would allow such as are neces-
sary and national. !t would cut off those of a
contrary character, many of which are found
in this bill. It is this introduction of uncalled-for
and indefensible appropriations, this mixture of
evil with good, tlmt seems to have caused the de-
feat of the measure. The authority of Jackson
will be invoked in vain, for anyf.hingin contraven-
tion of the principles of this message. Attempts
to stimulate the people of any section against them ,
will, in the end, he equally fruitless. The sober
second thought will be found in the future, as m
the past, sound and efficient. *
We have had political coalitions heretofore.
Attempts at combinations of sectional elements for
factious purposes are now being made in various
quarters. With what success remains fo be seen.
They have never been ultimately profitable in the
pas-t. My own opinion is, that they will beequally
futile and disastions for their ongsnators in the
future. The gentleman from Ohio, on this occa-
sion, makes advances to the gentlemui from Illi-
nois. He proposes a striking of hands for an
onslaught, upon the principles of the message I
will not assume to answer for the gentleman from
Illinois. He is always able to speak and to act
for himself. He has not heretofore been a favorer
of coalitions, or of luc/il excitements for purposes
of faction and disorganization.
Mr. PRATT. I object to this discussion, and
nhsll persist in the objection from a sense of duty.
I shaN yield to nobody. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House re-
there being, on a d iv ision—a yes
fused to ad;ovr j
11, noes 11.
Mr. PRATT
question.
I object to all discussion of the !
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair being; called on, will enforce the rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then, as we cannot speak
to the matter, what is to be done?
The SPEAKER. By the resolution it seems
that we are even deprived of a call of the House.
Whether we have not the power, under the Con-
stitution, to order one, is another question. Any
fifteen membeis, the Speaker being one, may
have a call of the House. •
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think that message may
come m from the President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there is no necessity for the House remaining
longer in session.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I suppose there is
nothing particularly before the body?
The SPEAKER. There is no proposition at
all before the body.
Mr. SMITH. In the early part of the session
I intimated to my constituents that on some occa-
sion I designed to examine and present my views
m the form of a speech, on Mr Marcy *s celebrated
letter m reference to Koszta. Various circum-
stances, Mr. Speaker, have operated on me, and
I am not sure but that my modesty has been the
predominant one of all, [laughter,] and I have been
; prevented making it here, though I have prepared
| myself with a great deal of care. I desire that I
1 may have unanimous consent to print it as though
i it had been made on this occasion. There is not
| the slightest personality in it. It is a purely logi-
] cal examination of the letter to which I have
[ referred.
j There was no objection; and it was ordered ac-
i cordingly
I Mr. BARKSDALE. I shall not enter into a
I discussion now, nor do I know that I shall do so
j at any other rime, of the principles involved in
the President's veto message. I wish, however,
to notice a remark which fell from my friend from
Illinois We have heard of various combinations
,! which have been recently formed in this country,
j Fusion between those who claimed to be Demo-
5 crats and Whigs, Free-Soilers and Abolitionists.
I have not been particularly astonished at these
combinations and fusions and striking of hands.
Nobody has been. But I must confess that I am
somewhat astonished at the fusion we have wit-
nessed here this morning, and I think the country
will be astonished. Antipodes have met to-day,
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
have "struck hands" in the American Congress.
I congratulate my fiiend from Illinois in the com-
pany he places himself in this morning. He has
fought a gallant and a glorious battle during this
session of Congress against the gentleman from
Ohio and his friends. He gained the victory, but
after the victory has been gamed, he surrenders
his arms, and we now find him in fond, affectionate,
and loving embrace with the gentleman from
Ohio. JNow, however worthy my friend from
Ohio, personally, may be, I should dislike very
much to go to my Democratic constituents—my
friend from Illinois can speak for himself, but we
have cooperated together as Democrats here; I
suppose a Democrat m Mississippi would be a
Democrat in Illinois, and rice verstt—I should
dislike very much to go to my Democratic friends
m Mississippi, and tell them that I had struck
hands with the gentleman from Ohio. Now, I
do not know how it may be with my friend from
Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is all right.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It may be a!l right with
him, but it would not be all right with me. These
are all the remarks I intended to make, and I will
not detain the House longer.
Mr. STRAUB. I also ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House present to put upon record a
few remarks upon a subject, sir, which is a little
nearer my heart than any other which has been
discussed during this session.
[Cries of " Hear him !" " Hear him!"]
Mr. STRAUB. I have but a word to say
All 1 ask is the privilege to publish a few remarks
m favoi of the veteran soldiers who fought, and
bled, and gained the victory for our country in
1813. [Laughter.]
[Cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed !"]
[Mr. STRAUB offeied the following resolution
Retched, That the Committee of the Whole House on
the state or the Union be discharged from the further eon-
