654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
this matter, and I hope the Committee of the
House will concur in the same view of it. If
these appropriations are right, why then gentle-
men need not lack confidence in the bill which
contains them all. All these appropriations stand
or fail, as a matter of right and as a matter of
policy, upon their own merits. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] also favors them,
and believes that they have sufficient of merit and
sufficient of strength to stand on their own bottom.
Perhaps, sir, they have; perhaps they are stronger
in a separate bill than if they were .annexed to
this one. I do not know how that fact may be,
and I care not; because the question before us—
the proper question on voting for or against this
amendment—is t^ot whether we are in favor of
appropriations for marine hospitals and custom-
houses, but whether we are for voting on them
here attached to this bill.
That is the question which the committee will
decide by their vote upon the amendment which
has been offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston.] Now, that amendment embraces
items to a large amount, something upwards of
$270,000, I believe, if it contains all the appropri-
ations for custom-houses which were added to the
bill when it was before the House the other day.
I believe it does contain them all, since the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ritchie,] in reference to the custom-house
at Pittsburg, has been adopted.
A Member. Itamounts to more than $270,000;
it is more than $400,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. The more the better for
my argument. The gentlemen says more than
$400,000. My estimate was a very hasty one, but
the precise amount is not material. They are a
class of items peculiar to themselves. They are
the class in which is involved almost all of the con-
troversy which has arisen in regard to this bill;
and 1 submit to the friends of these items, as well
as to the friends of the whole bill, whether the
right, proper, and parliamentary course to bepui-
suedis not the one which the Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended > Let us then vote
down the amendment, and vote upon the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I offer the amendment which
I send to the Clerk, to coine in at the end of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
For fitting up ami furnishuif; Federal (M>urt-rooms in the
cities of Nashville, Jacloon, and Knoxvill«, in the Htate of
Tennessee, to tho city of J\«ihlivi)lc $50,000, to the cities of
Knoxviile and Jackson {$25,000 each.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not, Mr. Chairman,
propose this amendment out of any hostility to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Puekton.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) I rise
to a question of order upon the amendment. Itis
that the amendment does not relate to a deficiency,
because there has never been any appropiiation
for those buildings. It is not therefore in order.
Mr. CULLOM. That is the ground of my com-
plaint, and tiie very reason why I have offei ed the
amendment. There has never been an appropri-
ation made; if there had been 1 should not have
asked for one now.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles:
S. No. 180. An act to authorize the issue of
registers to vessels owned by the Accessory Transit
Company;
S. No. 238. An act to authorize the issue of
patents to lands in any State or Territory in cer-
tain cases; and
S. No. 267. An act to establish a post road in
the State of California.
In which lie was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.]
Mr. CULLOM. I have offered this amend-
ment 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I submit again my
question of order, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, is not in relation to a
deficiency, as no appropriation has ever been made
for the works named m his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the question of order is well taken, for the reason
assigned by the gentleman from Kentucky, and
admitted by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. CULLOM. I believe I will not appeal from
the decision of the Chair; although I think a great
deal of injustice is done to my State. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston.]
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to offer an amendment
just here, for the purpose of hanging a remark or
two on it, and therefore I have not much care for
the form of it. I move to increase the appropria-
tion five dollars.
An unfavorable impression has been made upon
the minds of many members upon this floor, in
consequence of the fact that in many places these
buildings have cost more than the original esti-
mates. But I am very sure that if gentlemen will
recur to the fact, which they must know, of the very
general increase of prices in relation to everything,
they will see that an increased cost of construct-
ing these buildings everywhere must follow; and
consequently, though the original appropriations
were amply sufficient at the time they were made,
yet at this time they are incompetent to effect the
object contemplated. So much for the cause of
the applications now. So far as I understand
them, they have originated most generally with
the Secretary of War.
After all the discussions upon the floor in rela-
tion to custom-houses, I put the question directly
home to every gentleman here whether he has
heard the first clear, valid reason given why these
appropriations should not be made. There, in-
cluded in your official documents, are the recom-
mendations of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the reasons given by him, showing the necessity of
making such appropriations. Is there a gentleman
upon this floor who, after all this debate, can go
home and give his constituents a sensible and defi-
nite idea of the reasons operating upon this Con-
gress why appropriations in regard to these cus-
tom-houses should not be made ? Has he heard any
such reason upon this floor? Has any such reason
been given by the Committee of Ways and Means ?
They desire to cut down these appropriations.
Why is there any necessity forgiving half a million
of dollars for appropriation for the city of New
York, when $300,000 is denied to the entire valley
of the Ohio and Mississippi? Recent develop-
ments in this House have shown, upon the part of
the older States of this Union, an inveterate hos-
tility towards the new States of the Union, which,
for one, I am piepaied to encounter, and rriete
measure for measure.
I pity the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Rid-
dle,] who, representing one of the older States,
is caught in company with the new States on this
question, for there are but two of the older States
interested in the pending amendment. The esti-
mate of §300,000 provided for here is intended for
the new States of tins Union. According to the
action which the House has recently exhibited
they are not to have that measure of justice which
the older States claim for themselves.
The gentleman from Delaware will illustrate the
fate of poor Tray. If he had found himself in
company with the gentleman from Providence,
and had kept himself there, he might have found
his custom-house alongside of the custom-house
which is already carefully provided for m the exist-
ing bill coming from the Committee of Ways and
Means. Why is this? Why are these distinctions
made? Why is the great valley of the Ohio and
Mssissippito be charged with loading down the de-
ficiency bill, because they ask $300,000 for neces-
sary purposes ? This appropriation is proposed
in accordance with the recommendations of your
highest financial officer, and yet an appropriation
for a larger amount in one of the older States, un-
warranted bylaw, is carefully provided and cared
for by your Committee of Ways and Means in the
deficiency bill, which they present to this House.
In view of these facts, I again put the question
directly to every gentleman upon this floor, when
he returns home to his constituents, what satis-
factory reason he can give them for such an
unjust discrimination as is attempted by appro-
priating for the Providence custom-house, and ex-
cluding appropriations for those in the West?
'Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. T have to express
my regret at the course of remark the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has chosen to indulge in
upon this, occasion. I had hoped that no gentle-
man would have undertaken to stimulate still
further the sectional feelings which have been
manifested during the last two days in the discus-
sion of a general appropriation which belongs to
the whole country, and in which Vhe whole coun-
try is interested, because it is for the purpose of
carrying on a common Government.
I will not follow my friend from Ohio in debat-
ing the merits of these custom-house appropria-
tions, Gentlemen of the committee know what
my own opinions are, and what my votes have
been upon this measure. But, sir, the point is not
whether this amendment should receive our sanc-
tion as an independent proposition, it is whether
we should ingraft it upon this bill, admonished,
as we are, by the fate of the former deficiency bill,
which was defeated in the House with this amend-
ment ingrafted upon it.
But the gentleman from Ohio draws a distinc-
tion between the appropriations made for the ben-
efit of the East and West, and he speaks of the
Committee of Ways and Means as having pro-
vided for the wants of the East, while those of the
West have been neglected. He speaks of the
custom-house in Providence, Rhode Island, having
been provided for in this bill, while we have left
out those in the Mississippi valley. Sir, that ap-
propriation was inserted on the bill upon entirely
different grounds from those on which these cus-
tom-house appropriations in the amendment of
my colleague are placed, as I will show the gentle-
man, if I have time in my five minutes. At the
last Congress $50,000 were appropriated for the
purchase of a site, and the erection of a custom-
house at Providence, Rhode Island. It is a port
of considerable importance. Some $60,000 or
$70,000 revenue are yearly collected there, and
some eighty or ninety vessels are entered there
every year.
Upon examination, it was found that a suitable
site could not be purchased for less than $40,000,
and therefore nothing has been done in reference
to the purchase. But the whole matter is set forth
in the seventh page of the printed report from the
Treasury Department, which I hold in my hand,
and from which I will read.
"On a full examination of the cityofProvidence.no
suitable site could be obtained for a new custom house for
a less sum than £40,000 ; and if a new custom house is to
be erected, it would be bad economy to build on an im-
proper sue.
"The Department being satisfied that a propersite will
cost that amount, nas asked for $24,000 m addition to the
$16,000 already appropii.ited, in onW to bring the subject
to toh attention of Congress. and recommending the appro-
priation for that purpose and for that amount."
Nothing has been done with the appropriation
made duringthelast Congress, and nothing can be
done unless an additional appropriation be made;
and it is, theiefore, a clear deficiency. The amount
we have inserted in the bill is intended to purchase
the site, and has nothing to do with the erection
of the buildings.
Mr. t)ISNEY. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Kentucky as enforcing before this
House the necessity or propuety of making pro-
vision for the purchase of sues for custom-houses
where the erection of the buildings have not com-
menced, and as objecting to the completion of
those which have already been commenced?
Mr. RIDDLE. To their completion in a fire-
proof manner.
i Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman from
Delaware very well remarks that it is to complete
them in a fire-proof manner. X think my friend
from Ohio had better not draw me into a discus-
sion upon the point he piesents, for I am a friend
to custom-houses, and in favor of the bill which
we have reported, makmgappropriatioris for them.
I would prefer not to answer the question the gen-
tleman asks at this time; but if he presses me to
the wall, I will answer him.
Mr. DISNEY. I hope the gentleman will an-
swer it now.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will answer the
gentleman in this way, and it is also an answer to
my friend from Virginia: the custom-houses for
which these appropriations are asked in the inde-
pendent bill which we have reported can be built
without one dollar of additional appropriation;
and if Congress does not choose to grant these
appropriations, the plans on which they are esti-
mated will simply have to be cut down. The
buildings can be completed for theamounts already
