1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2223
sidcraiion of bill No. 428, granting bounty land to cjfttain
ofhccrs and soldier-? who have been engaged m Uiu^ntlitary
service of the Umt<-u States^
Mr. STRAU B said, that it was his intention to
put the bill on its immediate passage; that the
discrimination made by the pension laws against
the veterans of 1812 was alike unjustand unreason-
able. Not a word of complaint should be uttered
against the bounties allowed to the soldiers serving
in Mexico; on the contrary, I am in favor of that
and all pension laws no win existence, and, indeed,
the reasons which sustain those pensions operate
with quite equal force in favor of the soldiers of
the British war of 18l2. Did not the soldiers of
that war expose their lives and personal safety in
the contest with the joint powers of Great Britain
as much as those in the Mexican war? Was it
not as gallant, brave, and patriotic for Americans
to contend against the then acknowledged mistress
of the world upon sea and land, as it was against
weak, undiciphned, half famished, and powerless
Mexico ?
It was the glorious victories orr land and sea
gained by our gallant soldiers and mariners in the
war of 1812, that stamped our national character
with the iron heel of invincibility, and taught the
nations of Europe that they had to deal with no
infantilefoe. The success of th£ American Army
in that sanguinary struggle compelled^the British
lion to crouch to the American eagle, a*nd satisfied
all nations that America was more than a match
for Great Britain. The blood that flowed at
Bridgewater, Lundy's Lane, and New Oilearis, j
was as rich and as precious as the kindred blood
that watered the fields of Buena Vista, Ceira
Gorda, axid Oonrreras. Why, then, should any
invidious distinction be made?
The veterans of the war of 1812 are growing
old, are fast approaching that bourne from whence
no traveler returns. They have long been ne-
glected, and as they aided to cover the Army and
the flag of our country in its darkest hour with
honor and with glory, shall they be spurned from
the doors of Congress? Let no such crying in-
justice be done. The soldiers of the Revolution
suffered for nearly half a century the pains and
mortifications of poveity and distress. Oar nation
was then poor and unable to afford adequate as-
sistance, now it us rich, great and powerful. Your
Treasury is ovesflowing, and your territory so
vastly extended, that it affords a world within
itself. Hundreds of thousands of miles square,
containing some hundreds of millions of acres of
wild lands, are now owned by the Government
Under these circumstances, shall it play the miser
and the ungrateful requiter of patriotic services?
I trust not; it would shame us m the eyes of the
world.
It is a humiliating factthat, notwithstanding the
boasted clamor we make of freedom and protec-
tion to American citizens, the duty here due the
soldier and patriot is too often overlooked, there-
ward for services of the men who fought and bled
and gained the victories under the American flag,
which h-xs made this the greatest nation under
God's footstool, which guarantied to the Ameri-
can people liberty and independence, and which
secured to the members on this and the other floor
of Congress the high and honorable position they
occupy. This fact seems to be passed as the idle
wind, whilst every other country (no matter how
despotic) rewards the services of the soldier as
well, if not better, and with more promptness and
charity, than does the Government of the United
States. In many other countries, the victorious
officer or soldier is immediately promoted, and
provision made for his wantsand comforts during,
his natural life. Is it not to be deplored that we
cannot give the Government of the United States
credit for awarding justice to thoseof oursoldiers
whose best days were spent in the cause of their
country; and, I repeat, while the United States
Treasury is overflowing, and millions of money
and acres of land are being continually voted to
the Slates and to corporations already enriched by
si'oli appropriations; whilst the old soldier, poor
and disabled, with means inadequate to protect
him fioiii absolute suffering, is denied asmail,and
to this Government, a beggarly pittance of a few
acres of land, which to it would be as a grain of
sand taken from the sea shoie, or a drop of water
ab-vttacfed from the bosom of the mighty ocean,
lam of opinion that the soldiers engaged in the
Indian w&x should be likewise rewarded with
bounties. Their services were perilous,onerous,
and valuable. Thay undoubtedly deserve the
favor and patronage of their'country.
The marine corps, too, are entitled to a like
compensation Us services have been severe and
praiseworthy, and why should not men who fight
upon sea be equally honored and rewarded with
those who light upon land' The history of our
country will prove that the Indian fighters and
marine corps have, at all times, not only sustained
their own honor, in an eminent degree, hut it also
proves that no service m war is so adventurous or
hazardous as that against the savage Indians. No
home, no place of ambush, in free from danger.
Many instances might be cited, too, to prove the
bravery and gallantry of our marines in the war
of 1812—suffice it to say, that the victory on Lake
Erie, under the command of the gallant Perry, is
sufficient of itself to cover them with laurels and |
with glory. In Mexico,too, they bore themselves i
worthy of their high calling—always true to their '
duty, and mindful of their mission to gallantly
defend the flag of their countiy when occasion
required it, no matter how far from home, or upon
what ocean, it will be remembered that many
soldieis of the war of 1812 were subjected to pe-
culiar hardships and privations. The army was
raw and ill disciplined, the officers without any
practical knowledge of the art and science of war;
clothing bad, subsistence worse, and the conse-
quent loss of health inevitable; the fighting was
obstinate and sanguinary, the fields bloody, and
everything connected with the war painful and de-
plorable. Many of the regulars, volunteers, and
militia, who served m the war of 1812, exposed
themselves to the utmost privations; and if Con-
gress were to fail to recognize and make amends
to them, disgrace by wuch wanton negligence
would certainly follow. I trust, ere the present
session closes, justice may be done to those who
are yet living, and to the heirs of thoseupun whom
the cold grave has closed, and whose earthly ca-
reer has ceased forever.]
Mr. RICHARDSON". 1 have but a single
remark to make m reply to the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Barksdale.J He congratu-
lates me that I find myself m company gmh
strange bed-fellow*. I ha\e laid down the posi-
tion upon which I stand, and i .stand there, I caie
not who stands with me, or who against me. 1
form my own opinion upon every subject, and I
act upon that without legard to the opinion of
anybody else. 1 repeat, here, to the House, that
: 1 do not care what the President may think upon
this, or that, or any other subject. The policy
| of the Government which allows appropriations
j to the sea-board, and claims them to be constitu-
tional, and yet denies them to the interior, is wrong
and unjust, and 1 condemn it. 1 do not care who
goes with me. As for the positions whn h I take,
1 assume them for myself. The position which I
take I assume for myself. I assume it here and
: elsewhere, and everywhere. I have voted on
f these principles. Nor are they the opinions of a
'| day. When Congress determines to strike down
[' appropriations for everything in the shape of
I public improvements, and to leave them entirely
i' to the several States, when it - discontinues Us
appropriations for New York, Philadelphia, Bai-
! timore, New Orleans, arid every other place, for
light-houses, and buoys, and custom-houses, and
coast surveys, I will then stand by the gentlemen
who support this veto, and will go with them.
But when gentlemen come and say, we are for
these things, but we are against those things
which are for the benefit of internal commerce, !
denounce that policy as unjust and wrong. When
you claim the right constitutionally to make ap
propriations for the sea-board, and deny the same
to the interior, I do not care who stands with me
or who stands against me, but I oppose that
policy. I walk the track in opposition to it, and
1 care not whether I have to trudge it alone. The
i position I assume is just, it is right, and I will
j stand by it, 1 do not care who is .igamst it or who
I ■ is for it.
!' Mr. 8ARKSDALE. Will the gentleman from
! Illinois viekl me the floor for a question;
Mr RICHARDSON. Certain!)'',
i BAILKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
| tleman from Illinois what works he regards as
[ national, what as'oca], arid what works he ap-
i; pioves? Nothing more than that.
jj Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 will answer the gen-
tleman. My opinion about this thing is that I fol-
low a safe precedent. I think that General Jack-
son was about as good a man to strike hands with
on this subject as could be found  n the country.
; Vlr. FLORENCE. He is very good authority
with our people.
' Mr. RICHARDSON And he is pretty good
| authority with mine. When I go home «nd tell
my constituents that I stand where General Jack-
i son stood, it is no disgrace to me to say that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. CampbellJ follows in
1 the wake of the lights laid down by him, and that
he says it is right to follow him.
i Now, J have one single thing further to say. I
j have said that if appropriations were to be made
i at all, I was in favor of appropriations for the im-
provement of the western rivers. And I may ask
—and ask triumphantly—if the great Mississippi
river is not a national stream—running through
and tDuching, as it does, some ten States of this
, Union? What is the Atlantic more?
j Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
j Illinois allow me to propound a question to the
! honorable member from Mississippi, [Mr. Barks-
DALli ?]
! Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.  
j Mr. CAMPBELL I suppose that the gentle-
j man admits that the National Government has a
i right to protect the national commerce, and that
j the light-house system, the coast survey, and all
| these various improvements, arise out of, and are
; carried out on, that principle. Now, I want the
I gentleman from Mississippi to tell me when and
, where the trade which comes from theconstituents
! of the gentleman from Illinois, which is started
[ upon the upper waters of the Mississippi, and
j floatson that river, becomes a national commerce?
j Is it when it gets down into his State ? Or does it
I not become a national commeice, and worthy of
| national attention, until it gets to the Balize? i
j suppose that whenever it gets to the point to which
j the light-houses and coast survey extend, the gen-
; tleman then finds the power in theConsutution to
j make appropriations for its protection. I should
| like to know his doctrine on this point,
j Mr. RUFFIN. I believe all hands have had
■ something to say upon this subject. It was dis-
1 tinctly understood that we were to do nothing
here but to adjourn, beyond the signing of bills.
I object to any further speaking, and I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would like to make a
remark.
Mr. PURYEAR. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
; Carolina rises to a question of order, and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will suspend.
Mr. RUFFIN. I insist upon the motion.
Mr. PURYEAR. The gentleman had not the
floor to make that motion; the gentleman from
Mississippi was upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. sThe Chair overrules the
. question of order. It is true the gentleman from
; Mississippi was upon the floor proceeding to dis-
j cuss something out of order. Neither the gentle-
I man from Mississippi nor the gentleman from
Illinois have the right to the floor for the purpose
j of discussing anything. But the Chair was dis-
| posed to indulge gentlemen, so long as there was
j no objection.
j Mr. RUFFIN. There are several gentlemen
; who want to make speeches; but it was di^tmctly
1 understood that nothing was to be doneheie, and
; we did not come here to do business. 1 insist
■ upon my motion.
: The question was taken on the motion; and,
; upon a division, there were—ayes 11, noes 15.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to say a word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, if
objection is made.
i Mr. IUCHARDSON. I was upon the floor,
; but yielded it to the gentleman from Mississippi,
i The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from
i North Carolina arrested the discussion.
| Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 was proceeding by
■ unanimous consent.
; The SPEAKER. And by unanimous consent
! alone con this discussion go forward.
! Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
I The SPEAKER. Then no discussion is in
; order.
