1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Let us look to the results of all this. Mr.
Chairman, all who supported those measures look
with pride to the fox lunate and glorious results
attending them, while those whoso vainly opposed
wonder at the .progress which the country has
made—at the prosperity resulting from each of
those measures, the wisdom and importance of
which ate so clearly discerned and so universally
ackno wledged. Doubtless the United States would
be a flourishing Republic, her Iftnits still bound by
the Fiench and Spanish possessions on the Mis-
sissippi and the Gulf of Mexico; doiffctless our
Government would indicate an enviable prosperity
without Oregon, California, Texas, or New Mex-
ico. But, while admitting this, what aspect does
she present to the world with her present limits?
Look to the cane and cotton lands of what were
once the French and Spanish possessions! Look
to the soil of Texas, and the gold, silver, and
other minerals and agricultural products of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico! Look to Oregon, and
then compare the original " Thirteen" and their
possessions with the United States now and her
possessions! Who so weak, Mr. Chairman, as
not to perceive and acknowledge that the policy
which brought about this change was that of
wisdom? Who so skeptical as to doubt that
it was what some term destiny, but which, in
my humble judgment—and 1 say it with due rev-
erence—was the work of an overruling Provi-
dence ?
Sir, two hundred years ago, oppression drove
to the American continent a people, whom force
could not utterly subdue, but who sought in a
land far from that of the oppressor, a home where
peace should supplant strife, and liberty despot-
ism. And is it not so even now? The oppress-
or's scourge is still driving from the Old to the
New World a people who regaid our political
liberties as inestimable privileges, and Republican
institutions with enthusiasm and reverence. Go
to the wharves, sir, of our great commercial marts,
and not, as in old times, by tens and by hundreds
do they reach our shores, but by thousands and
tens of thousands. Fiom our already overgrown
cities these people, Mr. Chairman, seek the far
West, and not even the most distant Territory
but evidences that the tide of emigration will soon
make " the wilderness blossom as the rose." Cut
off from resuiuees such as the policy of territorial
acquisition lias provided, and what would now be
the condition of things ? On all sides of us, sir,
save where the waves of the Atlantic roll, there
would now be a population, and a growing
one, recognizing crowned heads us their rulers,
or a people contending with monarchs^ for lib-
erty of conscience, speech, and the piess—at
the best, a people, who, having thrown off the
yoke of foieign oppression, have established
Republics for themselves, thus dividing a power
and prosperity now all our own. It mii>ht be,
sir—and I call the attention of gentlemen who have
been opposed to our acquirements of territory to
this particular remark—it might be, sir, that we
should see a Confederacy of States organized with
an eye to the protection of their peculiar agricul-
tural interests and domestic institutions, having
exclusive privileges of trade with foreign Govern-
ments, by which the great mechanical and manu-
facturing interests of the North would be greatly
depressed. Mr. Chairman, m making these re-
marks, f wish to be distinctly understood as not
desiring to witness such a .state of things. 1 am,
and have always been, a Union Democrat. As
long as we of the South, and they of the North,
can hold together upon rights guarantied to each
by the Constitution, I am here, there, and every-
where, ready to "pledge life, fortune, and saned
honorm the maintenance of this Confederacy.
But it is a great misfortune for gentlemen who
have any regard for the existence of this Union,
to suppose that such a feelingis to be used for the
base purposes of the designing, or to countenance
fanaticism. It can only be used, sir, to maintain our
charter of rights—the Constitution of the United
States—and when it ceases to do this, I am for
such government as will most likely secure the
prosperity and happiness of the people whom I
and my colleagues of the South represent.
Well, sir, having, at greater length than I in-
tended, referred to the policy of our acquisition of
territory, and the glorious results therefrom, dis-
cernible to every eye, 1 come now to the consider-
ation of some of the reasons which induce me to
urge upon this committee the acquisition of Cuba
from Spain, by negotiation with her Spanish Ma-
jesty,"at the earliest practicable peiiod.
The Africanization of Cuba, Mr. Chairman,
whatever may be said to the contrary, is contem-
plated. Yes, sir, here in the United States it is
advocated; and it is doubtless designed by France
and England. There is no time, on this subject,
' to dally or delay Far be it from me, sir, to trifle
on this matter, or to apply what may be conceived
improper epithets, to Powers not represented on
this floor. Bat, sit, this is the time to seize the
" Bull" by the horns, and to show to the " tri- !
color" that the " slurs and stripes" are destined to
wave where either Spanish, British, or French in- |
fluence dares to interfere with the principles and
settled policy of our Government. Fanaticism
may set its hand to stay this work—for what may
it not do ? But with regard to Cuba, ere the con-
templated outrage shall be perpetrated, the blood
of thousands upon thousands shall deluge that
beautiful island, and the sons, and even sires of
those who at Buena Vista, Vera Cruz, Cnepulta-
pec, and Cherubusco, achieved immortal renown,
j shall whiten the sands of her plains. Such an
i assault upon the social relations and domestic
j institutions of the South, as the Africanizing
I Cuba, even deliberation upon it by foreign Pow-
, ers, should not be tolerated for a moment, North
! nor South. That it is contemplated, testimony is
! abundant; and sucli being the fact, it is time for
those in this House, and elsewhere, who are de-
voted to the'maintenance of this Confederacy upon
: just principles, to expiess their abhorrence and
! disgust of so obscene a violation of social life and
domestic decency, and to act accordingly.
I Mr. Chairman, the time fpr action is propi-
j tious. Look to the condition of affairs in Europe,
j France, England, and Turkey are at war with
I Russia. Harsh things have been said, sir, of this
! last named Power; but, m my humble opinion, it
i is more sinned against than smrnng. At the outset
j 1 confess that my sympathies weie with Turkey;
i but my judgment, the result of calm reflection,
| tells me to side with Russia. Our people, Mr.
! Chairman, have never suffered oppression at her
j hands. Our domestic institutions have never been
J assailed by her, Our diplomatic relations have
ever been friendly, and marked by a due regard
, for the rights of each. Our commerce with that
. nation is at once extensive and profitable. From
I Turkey we have nothing to expect, and nothing
| to exact. Iler figs we are willing to transfer to
j England, and her dates to France. Her rights as
Sanation we shall not infringe upon, nor to pro-
j tect them would 1 consent that this Government
j should form any entangling alliance. In my
1 nnnd, sir, the interference of France and Eng-
| land, to the extent which it has gone, between
! Russia and Turkey, requires justification. At
any rate, it is my opinion that the cause of Russia
, should, by this Government, and by our people, be
! respected, if not supported ,#Show me the instance
i where Russian aggression upon our commerce has
1 not been promptly atoned tor. Show methein-
\ stance where complaint has not received respect-
j fu! attention, and a just response. It is true, sir,
that Russia is a despotism ; but what better friends
i to American liberty ate France, England, or Tur-
' key, than is Russia? Whose population crowd
; our shores more than that of Great Britain, seek-
; ing shelter fiotn oppression? Whose hard-earned
! dollars, by every steamer that leaves our shores
1 are mailed, with religious punctuality, to relieve
1 an oppressed people, but those of the Irish immi-
| grant, who never furget fdther, mother, norcoun-
! try? No, sir, our relations with Russia should
be most friendly. It may be possible that ere long
! her enemies will be our open and declared foes.
' The continued agitation of the slavery question,
; in Great Britain, particularly, and the interference
' of that Power and France, with our relations with
j Spain, in all that concerns Cuba, admonish us to
1 respectand maintain friendly relations with friends,
, and to guard against foes. And if, in our efforts
to procure the cession of that island, we are to
j come into collision with either England, or France,
i or both, let the strife come, and the sooner the
■ better. While the armies of the Czar are enter-
1 taimng the French a^d English in the eastern, the
' United States will be prepared to tender them a
• banquet fit for heroes, in this western hemisphere.
| And I have no doubt, sir, that when it is all over,
i the mind-yovr-oicn-husiness policy will be admitted,
by all parties, to be the best for Governments, as
it is for individuals.
Mr. Chairman, before I leave this subject, I
desire to say a few words more in relation to .the
relative position which England and France bear
to Russia in the war now progressing. It is
charged, sir, that it is aggressive on the part of
the latter. Whatever of truth there may be in
this charge, it must be admitted that it is a policy
equally aggressive that involves in it England and
France. The true secret of their interference is
commercial supremacy. These Powers, sir, are
for supremacy on the land and supremacy on the
seas. They can brook no rivalry, and having, as
they anticipate doing, subdued Nicholas, they
will undertake to cripple our commerce, and take
Cuba into their own keeping. Shall we then suffer
their one-sided statements of Russian aggression
to prejudice the minds of our people, and the dis-
claimers of intended interference with Cuba, put
forth by irresponsible sources, to blind us for a
season, and until they have done with Russia? I
hope not, sir. The,public mind has already been
led astray by the artifices of these two Govern-
ments. The war in which they are engaged is es-
sentially one for theirown aggrandizement. Sym-
pathy for the Turks is of trifling import with them.
Nor should sympathy, sir, blind us to the fact
that Russia is now engaged fighting an enemy
whose diplomacy is now, and has been for some
time past, directed to the destruction of the domestic
institutions of the South—the Africanization and
ultimate possession of Cuba, it is time, then, sir,
for our Government to be up and doing. Jt is
time to banish all sickly sympathy, to extend the
right hand of fellowship to friends, and to un-
sheath the sword for foes; to wish Nicholas suc-
cess, and to France and England defeat!
I deem it, Mr. Chairman, unnecessary to pre-
sent in detail the proofs which, for days past,
have been multiplying relative to the diabolical
scheme of Africanizing Cuba, entertained by
Spam, France, and England. As far as circum-
stantial evidence can be received, even by the most
inciedulous, it has already been presented to the
Senate; and is of itself sufficient to induce this
Government to demand the cession of that island
j to the United States.
• But our commercial interests demand this ces-
| sion also. The Black Warrior case, Mr. Chair-
man, is but one among the many outrages per-
petrated upon our citizens,and our commerce, by
the authorities of Spain at Havana. The num-
ber and history of these would make a volume.
In Executive Document, of the present session*
No. 8G, a volume of three hundred and seventy-
eight pages, the Secretary of State, in communi-
cating to the President sixteen cases of outrage
upon our commerce and citizens at Havana, com-
mencing with that of the Crescent City, says,
thatli Papers in reference to other cases are in the
course of preparation, and will be laid before the
Presidentas soon as they are completed." Now,
sir, is it not outrageous, in an age enlightened like
this, that the peaceful pursuits of commerce are
to be embanass-ed, within a few m^esof our own
shores, by a Government like Spain ? That citi-
zens of this Republic are to be immured in ceils,
upon suspicion of wrong, by the most jealous na-
tion under the sun? Think you, Mr. Chairman,
that Spatn would dare to act in this wise, did she
not feel encouraged by a guarantee of some sort
on the part of other Powers?—Powers, sir, envi-
ous of our prosperity, and who only bide their
time to strike a blow for the possession of that
same island ! And are we tamely to submit to
all this? For one, sir, I say, no ! Better that it
should be sunk in " the deep bosom of the ocean,"
than that it shlll remain a barrier to our com-
merce, a place of refuge for our enemies within a
few hours' sail of our own shores ! Our policy,
and our commercial enterprise, acknowledged to
be beneficial to the whole human family, must not
be restrained by crowned heads. We shall main-
tain this position, Mr. Chairman, or we shall
neglectour own interests. Weshall maintain this
position, or we shall fail in the peiformance of a
duty we owe to commerce and to ourselves.
Sir, the great interests of agriculture are also
involved in this matter. The Africanization of
Cuba will materially interfere with the domestic
institutions of the Soutb, and the culture of her
great staples, cotton and rice. This, sir, would
affect the West, upon which we depend, in the
