THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
these custom-houses, applies with all their force
and power to the deficiency bill.
Mr. PERKINS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man a difference. If I understand this bill, it con-
tains an appropriation for the Navy, which is
founded on the rise in the price of coal.
Mr. DISNEY. I have only five minutes, and I
cannot yieldftirther to the gentleman. I remarked
that the cost of all building material has been on
the rise for the last two or three years. The price
has increased immensely. The increase has de-
feated all estimates in regard to the subject.
There is another view which I wish to impress
upon my friend from Louisiana. These appro-
priations are not asked for by the immediate rep-
resentatives of the particular districts. They come,
as 1 understand them, and as I know them to be
in the case of my own district, unasked for. The
first personal knowledge that I had of them, was
in reading the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and that was after this discussion arose.
It was tine uninfluenced action of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in view of the necessities of the
public interest.
He announced in the particular case of Cin-
cinnati, that $45,000 more ought to be appro-
priated to make a fire-proof building. I did not
ask him for it, nor do I know that anybody
within my district knew that he would recom-
mend it. The Secretary of the Treasury knew
the condition of the building, and the importance
of having it fire-proof. All these matters are ex-
ceedingly simple. There are some $350,000 rec-
ommended for matters of necessity, and by a
man who, I think, of all others in this Republic,
is best calculated to judge of them.
The gentleman talks about an economical Ad-
ministration. Why this is the recommendation
of the Administration itself, and we are sustain-
ing the Administration when we are claiming that
its estimates should be regarded, and not set at
naught; and set at naught, as I remarked before,
without any solid and cogent reason except the
general idea of reduction.
Now, my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Preston]
argued in this matter, and undertook to show to
the House the propriety of defeating the appro-
priation for the custom-house at Providence, where
no money U$d been expended, and where there
was no necessity to expend any just now, in order
to secure the construction of one at another point.
That is all he did. In the case of the buildings
provided for in the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] it is
asked to make these appropriations in such a
manner as t.o secure the construction of thoee
which are authorized attheoriginal estimated cost.
Here is a recommendation which applies not only
to custom-houses and marine hospitals, but to all
public buildings authorized by Congress to be
constructed. From the showing of my friend
from Kentucky, it would appear that 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put on the amendment to the
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
move to strike out the whole of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston,] except that portion of it which has
reference to the marine hospital at San Francisco.
I suppose, sir, there is no necessity to report
the amendment, [t is understood by the House;
and I make it for the purpose of raising a test in
this committee. If my motion succeeds, the whole
of the present difficulties will be removed from the
consideration of this committee.
The question now presented to us is distinct.
It is, Does this committee mean to permit this bill
for appropriations for custom-houses and light-
houses to be embraced in the deficiency appro-
priation bill or not ? That is the question. Will
this committee, after the experience they have had
on this very subject, allow themselves to be bam-
boozled and bothered by the movements that are
now being made? Whatisthe history of this sub-
ject? This same bill, or a bill the same in sub-
stance, was up before the committee several weeks
ago. It was amended in various forms by the prop-
positions of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston,] and others; and after these amendments
were adopted, the bill itself was rejected by a vote
of nearly two to one. The question now is whether
we are to play the same game over again, and
whether we shall go on in the same manner. The
Committee of Ways and Means have reported
two bills so as to separate these questions, know-
ing well that one part of them rests upon* different
principles from the other portion embraced in the
original deficiency bill. And the question now is:
Will the gentlemen of this House embarrass the
Government, and frustrate claims on the Treasury
by the adoption of the amendments which are
proposed to the bill ? I think it is one of those
propositions which commends itself to their re-
sponsibility as legislators. For it is well known,
that on a former occasion a portion of the gentle-
men of this House declared that the Democratic
party here should be responsible for these bills.
And the question now is, whether they will take
that responsibility or not. I hope that the Demo-
cratic party in this House will not allow them-
selves to be embarrassed by the proceedings now
on hand; but that they will set their faces against
it, vote for the proper legitimate appropriations,
and leave these other questions presented for their
deliberation to the settlement of the committee.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to recall the House to
a recollection of the question. I think we have
got wide of it. It seems to be taken up as a ques-
tion of exceeded appropriations—of contracts for
more than was allowed—of deficiencies created by
disregarding the laws already passed. Not so the
fact. All that I believe to be a mistake; and that
it is only a question of changing material, and of
making durable and indestructible edifices, instead
of those which are to burn down or rot down. The
former appropriations were for destructible build-
ings. We think it economy to change that plan,
and to have them proof against fire and speedy
decay. That is the opinion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who has fairly proposed thechange
of plan and material, and given his reason for it,
and left it to Congress to act upon these reasons.
If the change is not sanctioned by Congress, the
buildingsgo on as at first proposed, costing less
money, and lasting less time; if sanctioned, then
the more valuable buildings will be constructed.
Nothing is to be done without the consent of
Congress; and its consent to the change of plan
and material is now asked, and respectfully asked,
and upon reasons rendered; and the only question
is, will Congress agree to the change, and give the
further sum which "the improved plan requires ? I
think it should, and for the reasons heretofore
given, and not necessary to be repeated There
has been no violation of law, no making contracts
beyond appropriations. The member trom Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] gives, as a reason for
the providence which is given to the Providence,
Rhode Island, custom-house, in putting it into the
bill from which the western custom-houses are
dropped, that the port there yields revenue—
$60,000 to $70,000 of annual revenue. Why, sir,
the port of St. Louis nearly yields that much
monthly—I am informed $50,000 a month—and
is constantly and rapidly increasing. And now,
Mr. Chairman, seeing that this is a question of
changinga worse to a better plan, and that there is
no censure for exceeding appropriations, it is hoped
that the same will be given as on the former day,
and these western custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals placed again in the bill from which they
have been dropped by the Committee of Ways
and Means, after having been placed there by the
vote of this House.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the amendment to the amendment—
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn, of
Maine, and Church well were appointed.
Mr. SMITH. The committee will see that
the object of the amendment is to have a test.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"}
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noes 64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move to
strike out of the appropriation for St. Louis the
words "five dollars."
I do so, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of re-
plying to the remarks of the representative from
St. Louis, [Mr. Benton.] I listen with respect
to anything that is the result of that gentleman's
experience, but I must confess that I cannot un-
derstand the question of ethics which he presents
to this House.
He tells us that there is no violation of any
obligation in further appropriations for particular
custom-houses that have recently received appro-
priations on the express condition of not asking more,
and that they would be completed with the amount ap-
propriated > and yet come here urging their very in-
completeness as the reason for another additional
appropriation.
We were told, the other day, Mr. Chairman,
that this evil, great as it now is, was but*small in
its inception; and the former chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, turning to this House,
composed of younger members, asked, 1 thought
with much force, how and when the evil was to
be stopped? Will there ever be a better time? .
When I look into the terms of former appropri- w
ations for the custom-house at St. Louis, I am as-
tonished to find any gentleman maintaining that
there is no moral obligation upon the Government
connected with the matter. I had supposed that
the same obligation rested upon the Government
to fulfill its own declarations as upon the part of
individuals, and that it but imperfectly acquitted
itself of its duty towards its citizens, if it did not
equally insist upon the discharge of obligations as-
sumed towards itself. Especially, sir, is this the
case in financial matters.
Now, in the matter of the St. Louis custom-
house, I find that in 1851 §50,000 were appropri-
ated for its construction, on the express condition
that the whole cost should not exceed $75,000, and
that, in 1852, as if to make the obligation unu-
sually impressive, Congress gave the remaining
§25,000, to complete the original sura of $75,000,
and repeated the condition, "JVo part to be ex-
pended unless the sutn appropriated xoitl complete the
work." Could language be clearer, and does it
mean nothing?"
Although it was thus explicitly stated that no
part of the appropriation should be expended un-
less it were ascertained that the whole sum appro-
ptiated would be sufficient to complete the build-
ing, but one year passed before this condition
was forgotten; and we find another appropriation,
made last summer, of $115,000. for continuing the
construction of this same building.
And now, at the commencement of a new Con-
gress, without even waiting for the regular general
appropriation bill, and under the plea of a defi-
ciency, we are asked to make another appropria-
tion of $100,000 for the completion of this same
building. Sir, I regret that I am compelled to see, I
wish I did not see, a moral principle involved in
this question.
I remarked, when I was up before,that I would
vote for the construction of marine hospitals, but
that I would not, under the circumstances, for cus-
tom-houses. The difference is this: These marine
hospitals are for the benefit of the sailor, whom
you tax twenty cents each per month out of his
wasres. No matter where ne is, whether on the
western waters or on the northern lakes,or in the
regions of the north or south pole, you still com-
pel him to pay $2 40 per annum for the purpose
of erecting and maintaining these hospitals; and
it is but justice to give him the advantage of
them.
Mr. PRESTON. We might just as well make
a test question of this amendment now pending
as of that which the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] submitted some minutes since, which
was voted down by the committee. If my amend-
ment be put in the bill, it will place it precisely
where the Administration majority were most anx-
ious it should be placed; that is, where it may be
passed through the House without difficulty.
If it be necessary that guards shall be thrown
around the Treasury, I am prepared to bring for-
ward the guard which has been reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means itself, as an addi-
tional section to the bill. I seek no unfair advant-
age here. I am a friend of these custom-house
appropriations, and I desire to see them provided
for in this bill. I was surprised to find that the
j gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] should
approve of the course taken by the Committee of
Ways and Means, in reference to this matter, in
reporting these items in a separate bill. For my
own part, I should have no special objection to that
course, if we could be sure of securing them there.
But we have received no pledge from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that they will pass
the custom-house bill, or that they will give it
their support after they have received our assist-
ance to pass this deficiency bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope my colleague
