2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March,
may hereafter be, appropriated for the compensa-
tion of members and officers, and for the contin-
gent expenses of the Senate, shall be paid at the
Treasury on requisition drawn by the Secretary
of the Senate, and shall be kept, disbursed, and
accounted for by him, according to law; and the
said Secretary shall be deemed a disbursing officer.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in Ueu of
the bond now required by law to be given by the
Secretary of the Senate, he shall give bond to the
' United States, within ten days after the passage
of this act, with one or more sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Comptroller of the Treasury, in
the penal sum of twenty thousand dollars, with
condition for the faithful application and disburse-
ment of such funds as may be drawn from the
Treasury under this act; which bond shall be de-
posited in the Comptroller's office; and it shall
be the duty of each and every Secretary of the
Senate who may hereafter be chosen, to give bond
as aforesaid, within thirty days after he enters
Upon the duties of his office, and before making
any requisition as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the said Secretary of the Senate to de- i
posit the moneys aforesaid which may come into ;
nis hands with the depositary who may be desig- '
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury, for other
disbursing officers in the city of Washington;
and all payments on account of the pay and mile-
age of members of the Senate, and ail payments
of their officers, and for the contingent expenses
of Uie Senate, shall be by drafts drawn by the
Secretary on such depositary.
Approved, February 10, 1854.
Public, VIII.—An .Act to indemnify the State of In-
diana for the faiture of title to a Township of Land
granted to said State on her admission into the Union
mi eighteen hundred and sixteen.
Wftereas, by a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United bmtes, made January twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, the State of In-
diana has lost one out of the two townships of'
land granted to her for the use of a State univer-
sity by act of April sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixteen, and has become liable to refund to a
private corporation the proceeds of said township
heretofore appropriated to the support of the State
University or Indiana: for remedy thereof:
Be it enacted by the Senate and flnuse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj America in Congress
assembled, That the Governor of the State of In-
diana be authorized to select out of lands of the
United States, within the said State, now sub-
ject to private entry, nineteen thousand and forty
acres of land in legal subdivisions, and shall cer-
tify the same to the Secretary of the Interior,
who shall, forthwith, on rtceiptof said certificate,
issue, to the State of Indiana, patents for said
lands: Provided, The proceeds of said lands, when :
sold, shall be, and forever remain, a fund for the
use of the Indiana University.
Approved, February 23, 1854. i
Public, IX.—An Act to extend the Limits of the
Port of Sew Orleans.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress \
assembled, That the port of New Orleans be so ex-1
tended as to embrace the right bank of the Mis- i
eissippi river, for the same distance up said bank I
as it now extends on the left bank.
Approved, February 23, 1854.
Public, X.—An Act supplemental to an act entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the Private Land
Claims in the State of California,^ approved March
thirdf one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre.-
sentutwes of the United States oj America in Congress
assembled) That the following named persons, viz: j
Henry C. Boggs, Levi W. Hardman, Wiley
Sneed, Stephen Broadhurst, Smith and Kristeen, j
George H. Woodman, Berthald and Lorrin,'
Fisher and Guitdfildt, and William Clark, or !
either of them, or their representatives, may,
within six months after the passage of this act, '
present their claims to the commissioners who ;
were appointed under the provisions of the act to |
which this is a supplement; and the said commis- j
eionersare hereby empowered to hear and dispose i
of the same as effectually as though the said claims
had been presented m due time under the thir-
teenth section of the aforesaid act.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the per-
sons named in this act shall be limited and confined,
in their claims, to purchases made of Don Salva-
dor Yalligo, a Mexican grantee, for a part of the
place known as " Entre Napa," and situate in
Napa county, State of California. And the said
commissioners shall be satisfied that the said per-
sons named derived title to their respective claims
previous to the third day of March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the said
persons named shall be entitled to no privilege not
conferred on claimants under the original act, but
as to an extension of time in which their claims
may be respectively made to the said commis-
sioners.
Ai>proved, February 23, 1854.
Public, XI.—An Act for the extension of the Preemp-
tion Privilege in the Slate of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House vf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the act of the
fourth of September, eighteen hundred and forty-
one, granting preemption rights to settlers on the
public lands, as modified and made applicable to
the State of California by the act of the third of
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, shall be
further modified by extending the provisions of
the third proviso in the sixth section of the afore-
said act of the third of March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, to settlements made prior to and
within two years after the passage of this aot.
Approved, March 1, 1854.
Public, XII.—An .'let for the relief of the United \
Stales Troops who ice>c svjjereis by the recent dis- |
aster to the Steamship San Francisco. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid, under the
direction of the President, to each of the officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, who, on the twenty-first day of December,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, embarked at Ne v
York, under orders for California, on the steam-
ship San Francisco, and who was on board that
vessel on the occasion of her recent disaster at
sea, and to Lieutenant Francis Key Murray, and
any other officer or seaman of the United States
Navy, who was on board tfie said steamship un-
der orders, a sum equal in amount to his pay and
allowances for eight months.
Sue. 52 And be it further enacted. That if any
such officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
or private shall have died before receiving such !
payment, from any cause consequent upon said 1
disaster, his widow, if one survive him, and if j
not, then his minor children, if any there be, shall
be paid a sum equal in amount to six months' :
pay and allowances of the deceased. And that \
the widows and minor children of these officers, 1
non-commissioned officers, and privates who per- ;
ished by this disaster, or who died from disease '
in consequence theieof, shall be allowed pensions ,
in the same manner in all respects as if the said ,
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
had been killed in battle. j
Approved, March 27, 1854.
Public, XIII.—An Act for the relief of Settlers on j
Lands reserved for Railroad purposes. j
Be it enacted by the So\ate and House of Repre- j
wntativesofthr United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every setfiei on public lands which 'j
have been or may be withdrawn from market in
consequence of proposed railroads, and who had li
settled thereon prior to such withdrawal, shall be j!
entitled to preemption at the ordinary minimum
to the lands settled on and cultivated by them: '
ProvUled, They shall prove up their nghtsaccord- ;
ing to such rules and regulations as may be pre- I
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior, and pay j
for the same before the day that may be fixed by J
the President's proclamation for the restoration of !
said lands to market. ,
Approved, March 27, 1854.
Judicial Districtsapproved March the third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one.
Be it'enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That upon conviction of offenders in the
western judicial district of the State of Arkansas,
for offenses to which punishment by confinement
in the penitentiary is annexed, it shall be lawful
for the court before whom convictions have or
may be had, to sentence convicts to undergo im-
prisonment in the penitentiary house of the State
situated in the eastern judicial district, m the same
manner as though the penitentialy house was
situated in the western judicial district of the State
of Arkansas; and the counties of Sevier and Se-
bastian in the said State are hereby added to, and
made a part of, the western judicial district.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That when any
person shall be convicted, in the district court for
the western district of Arkansas, of any offense,
committed after the passage of this act, the punish-
ment or part of the punishment whereof is im-
prisonment by the laws now existing, the said
punishment or part of the punishment shall be con-
finement and imprisonment with hard labor for the
same length of time, and shall be carried into effect
as provided in the preceding section.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing
contained in the twenty fifth section of an act en-
titled "An act to regulate intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, and preserve peace on the frontiers,5'
approved thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
thirty-four, shall be construed to extend or apply
to said Indian country any of the laws enacted for
the District of Columbia, and that nothing con-
tained in the twentieth section of the said act, which
provides for the punishment of offenses therein
specified, shall be construed to extend to any In"
dian committing said offenses m the Indian country
or to any Indian commuting any offense in the
Indian country who has been punished by the local
law of the tribe, or in any case, where, by treaty
stipulations, the exclusive jurisdiction over such
offenses may now or hereafter be secured to said
Indian tribes, respectively; and anything in said
act inconsistent with this act be, and the same la
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, Thatany white
person who shall hereafter set fire, or attempt to set
fire, to any house, outhouse, cabin, stable, or other
building, in said Indian country, to whomsoever
belonging; and any Indian who shall set fire to
any house, outhouse, cabin, stable, or other build-
ing, m said Indian country, belonging to or in
lawful possession of a white person, in whole or in
part, and whether the same be consumed or not,
shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and shall be
punished by confinement and imprisonment, with
hard labor for not more than twenty-one nor less
than two years.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Thatany white
person who shall make an assault upon an Indian,
or other person, or any Indian who shall make an
assault upon a white person, within said Indian
country, with a gun, rifle, sword, pistol,knife, or
any other deadly weapon, with intent to kill or
maim the person so assaulted, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and shall, on conviction, be
punished with confinementand imprisonment, with
hard labor, for not more than five years nor less
than one year.
Sec. 6. And be. it further enacted, That, in all
criminal cases upon indictment, for offenses com-
mitted in said Indian country, prior to the creation
of said western district of Arkansas, now pend-
ing in the circuit court of the United States for the
eastern distiict of Arkansas, process for witnesses
residing or to be found in said western district,
may issue to the marshal of said eastern district,
and be executed by him in any part of said
western district; and that the feea of ail witnesses
so summoned shall be paid by the United States.
Approved, March 27, 1854.
Public, XIV.—An Act tv amend an act entitled
"An act to divide the Slate of Aikansas into two
Public, XV—An Act to extend the Warehousing
System by establishing Private Bonded Warehouses,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, any goods, wares, or merchandise subject to
duty, with the exception of perishable articles,
also gunpowder, fire crackers, and other explosive
