2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April,
judge, riot in conformity to the rules and regula-
tions herein alluded to, Khali be void and of none
effect: And provided also, That nothing herein con-
tained shall effect preemption or other rights that
may have accrued under any other act of Con-
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the entry
contemplated in this act shall be made within
twelve months from the date of the passage here-
of, and a patent shall issue for said land as in
other cases.
Approved, April 6, 1854.
' Public, XVI11.—An Act to establish additional Land
Districts in the Territory of Minnesota.
Be it enacted try the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, for the sale of the public lands to
which the Indian title has been extinguished by
the recent treaties, or which may hereafter be ex-
tinguished within their limits in the Minnesota
Territory west of the Mississippi river, there.is
hereby created four additional land districts,
bounded as follows, to wit: All that portion situ-
ated between the northern boundary of the State
of Iowa and the line which divides townships one
hundred and five and one hundred and six of the
fifth principal meridian, and extending from the
Mississippi to the Big Sioux rivers, shall com-
prise one of said districts, to be called the Root
river district. All that portion lying between the
township line last mentioned, and the line dividing
townships one hundred and ten and one hundred
and eleven, and between said rivers, shall consti-
tu e another of said districts, to be called the Wi-
nona district. All that portion situated north of
the district last mentioned, and south of the line
which divides townships one hundred and fifteen
and one hundred and sixteen, and between the
rivers above mentioned, except the townships I
recently surveyed west of the .Mississippi river
from the fourth principal meridian, to include the
reservation at Fort Snelling, (the whole of which
townships shall be attached to and constitute a
part of the Mmneopohs district,) shall constitute
a third district, to be designated the Red Wing
district; and all that poition situated north of the
limits last described, bouth of theline dividing town-
ships one hundred and twenty and one hundred
and twenty-one, between the Mississippi river
and the treaty line which runs from the Big Sioux
river to Lake Travers, together with all the frac-
tional townships, one hundred and twenty-one,
situated east of the range line dividing ranges
twenty-four and twenty-five west, shall comprise
the fourth district, to be known as the Minne-
apolis district. And all the residuary portion of
said lands situated north of the line which divides
townships one hundred and twenty and one hun-
dred and twenty-one, and west of range twenty-
four west of the fifth principal meridian, and west
of the Mississippi river, extending to the drift-
wood and the Rtd river of the north, shall be, and
is hereby, attached to the district of lands subject
to sale at Sauk Rapids.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and he is here-
by, authonzed to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and receiver
of the public moneys for each of the said new
districts hereby created, who shall respectively be
required to reside at the site of their offices, and
who shall have the same powers, perform the
same duties, and be entitled to the same compen-
sation, as are or may be prescribed by law in re-
lation to other land officers of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
President is authorized to cause the public lands
in said districts, with the exception of such as
have been or may be reserved for other purposes,
to be exposed to sale in the same mannrr and
upon the same terms and conditions as the other
public lands of the United States.
Sec. 4. ^And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to designate the
location of the offices for said new districts, and
change the same whenever in his opinion the
public good shall require it.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all those parts or portions of the
lower peninsula of the State of Michigan, which is
situated north of the line which divides townships
twenty (20) and twenty-one (91) and all the por-
tion of the upper peninsula which lies south of the
line dividing townships forty-one (41) and forty-
two (42) and west of range twelve (12) west,
together with all the islands in Green Bay, the
straits of Mackinac, and Lakes Huron and Mich-
igan, which are situated north of the township
line first herein mentioned, and within the limits
of said State, exclusive of'Drummond's Island
and its islets, be, and the same is hereby, included
in aland district, to be called the Cheboygan land
district; and for the sale of lands in said district
there shall be a land Office established at such
point therein as the President shall select.
Sec . 2. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shail appoint one register and one receiver
for the land office in said district, who shall reside
at the place designated for the land office, receive
such compensation,give security, and discharge all
duties pertaining to such office, as are prescribed
by law.
Approved, April 20, 18,54.
Public, XIX.—An Act establishing a Land Office in
the Lower Peninsula of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rtpre-
Public, XX.—An Act to authorize the School Com-
missioners of fractional townbhip number one, of
range number ten east, in Alabama, to locate one
half section of land for School Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United State'} of America in Congress
assembled, That the school commissioners of frac-
tional township number one,of rangenumber ten
east, situated m the district of land subject to sale
at Lebanon, Alabama, be, and is hereby, author- ,
ized to enter, free of charge, in lieu of the lands '
to which they are entitled by any existing law, ,
one half section of land in legal subdivision, any- '
where in said township, with a view to the ulti- i
mate convenienceof thecitizens of said township, :
and the quality of soil for school purposes; and ■
said lands thus located shall be governed by the j
same laws, rules, and regulations, as is the school !
sixteenth section in said State of Alabama. j
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall j
be the duty of said school commissioners to lo- j
cate and report, within two years, what lands they j
have entered, to the Commissioner of the General !
Land Office at Washington, and it shall be his 1
duty, upon the receipt of such reportof location, to j
withdraw from sale the said lands, and the title ,
thereto shall be valid as in sixteenth sections here-
tofore granted in the new States.
Approved, April 20,1854.
Public, XXI.—An Act to amend the third section
of the " Act making Appropriations for the Civil
and Diplomatic Expenses of Government for the
year ending the thirtieth of June t eighteen hundred
and fifty-four," and for other purposes. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- 1
sentatives oj the United States of .Itnti ica m Congress '<
asse7nbled, That of the clerks authorized by the
third section of the act appioved March third, ;
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, entitled " An '
act making appropriations for the civil and diplo- ■
matic expenses ofGovernment for the year ending i
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty- ■
four," those of the first class shall receive a sal- ,
ary of twelve hundred dollars per annum; those j
of the second class, a salary of fourteen hundred !
dollars per annum; those of the third class a salary
of six teen hundred dollars per annum; and all clerks ,
not provided for in this act, performing the same '
or similar duties with any one of the classes, shall ]■
receive the same compensation as is allowed to !
such class; and the clerks employed in the Census |
Bureau shall be paid, during the present fiscal '
year, the same as is hereby allowed to clerks of !
the second class. j
Srcc 2. And be it further enacted, That the stamp ;
and blank agent for the Post Office Department |
receive the same salary as clerks of the second '
class, provided foi in the first section uf this act;
and an addition of twenty per cent, is hereby
added to the pay now authorized by law to eacii
of the messengers, packers, laborers, and watch-
men of the different Executive Departments of the
Government in Washington; to the clerks em-
ployed at the navy-yard and marine barracks at
Washington; to the clerk, messenger, and laborer
in the office of Commissioner of Public Buildings,
doorkeeper and assistant doorkeeper at the Ex-
ecutive Mansion; public gardener laborers em-
ployed in the public grounds and President's
garden; two additional watchmen, and the police
at the Capitol; watchmen employed at the Presi-
dent's House and reservation No. 2, lamplighter,
the general superintendent; the drawkeepers of
the bridges across the Eastern Branch and Poto-
mac; and that the provisions of the second section
of the act of August thirty-first, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, " making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three,"&c., be, and is hereby,
extended to such persons herein enumerated who
were in employment during that fiscal year, and
were excluded from the benefit of said act by the
decision of the Comptroller of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That instead of
the salaries now allowed by law to the Superin-
tendent of the Census, and to the Assistant Post-
masters General, they shall each receive the same
salary that is paid to the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the in-
creased compensation provided for in this act shall
commence from the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, and the necessary money
to carry this act into effect is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed as making an appropria-
tion for any period beyond the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved A pril 22, 1854.
Public, XXII.—An Act making Appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundted
and fifty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, eighty-eight thousand two hundred and
sixty-six dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, two thousand
one hundied and ninety dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, nine hundred
and sixty dollars.
For general repairs and improvements of ac-
ademic buildings, barracks, mess rooms, officers*
quarters, stables, roads, fences, parade and drill
grounds, miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
fuel, forage, and departments of instruction,
twenty-nine thousand seven hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
For gradual increase and expense of library, one
thousand dollars.
For expenses of the board of visitors, three
thousand dollars.
For forage forartillery and cavalry horses, eight
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For replacing dead and worn out cavalry and
artillery horses, one thousand dollars.
For enlarging and improvinghospital of cadets,
six thousand five hundred dollars.
For cavalry exercise hall, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of master of the sword be twelve hun-
dred dollars per annum.
Approved, May 10, 1854.
Public, XXIII.—An Act to organize the Territo-
lies of Nebraska and Kansas,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sent ntices of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that part of the territory of
the United States included within the following
hmus, except such portions thereof as are herein-
after expressly exempted from the operations of
this act, to wit: beginning at a point in the Mis-
souri river where the fortieth parallel of north lati-
tude crosses the same; thence west on said paral-
lel to the east boundary of the Territory of Utah,
on the summit of the Rocky Mountains; thence
