mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
•which,he cherishes, and therefore I am willing to
say that I do not mean that he stated a falsehood
upon this floor, but that he was mistaken in sup-
posing that he had seen any such statement in
reference to the- matter.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I too ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a personal expla-
nation. .
The SPEAKER. Is it the will of the House
that the gentleman from Ohio shall have'the priv-
ilege of making a personal explanation ?
No objection was made.
Mr. GrIDDINGS. Towards the gentleman from
Louisiana, who has just addressed the House, nor
towards any other gentleman upon this floor, do 1
entertain any disrespect. CTeither'did I intend any
disrespect to any State in this-Union, in the re-
markswhich I made yesterday, and it is impossi-
ble forme to apprehend how any gentleman could
have misunderstood those remarks.
I know not how I ara reported in the morning
papers, for I have not seen one of them. I dis-
tinctly set forth, that in reference to Cuba there
was a system of emancipation; it results from
what is called a system of " freeing the emanci-
padoes;" that of limiting the price of slaves; and,
thirdly, the colonization scheme, having for its
object the bringing to Cuba other persons for
labor. These are all regarded as tending to eman-
cipation in that island.
So far a3 regards the language or words I
used upon that occasion I can only say that
" emancipation" and " civilization" were used as
synonymous, and I believe the whole English
language will bear me out in that position.
In regard to the action of the Legislatureof Loui-
siana, I distinctly stated that I had been informed
by the public prints that resolutions had been
pending in that Legislature censuring or blaming
the President of the United States for his inatten-
tion to these efforts at emancipation in Cuba. I
intended no imputation upon that State, and I
say to thegentleman now that I intended to speak
nothing more than the truth just exactly as it was
impressed upon my mind; and when the gentle-
man from Louisiana rose is his place, and said
he did not believe that I had seen the statement to
which I referred, 1 thought it discourteous. I
treated it so at the time. I have now no conces-
sions to make to that gentleman for saying that
he believes 1 am honest, but mistaken. I am not
called upon to extend to him that kind of charity.
I ask no such charity, and I receive no such charity
from any hands. God has given me power to
express my own thoughts, and I ask no other
than a fair interpretation of my language. I be-
lieve the gentleman did not give that construction
to the remarks I made yesterday.
Here I take occasion to say to that gentleman,
and to all other gentlemen upon this floor, that in
all my intercourse with them they must expect
me to demand from them the same courtesy which
I extend to them. When I speak of the slave-
holder, 1 shall place the same respectful construc-
tion on my language which they give to theirs
when they speak of the Abolitionists; and ( will
regard the Abolitionists as standing upon the same
level with slaveholders, and a little higher.
Mr. HAVEN. If there is any interruption in
„ the business, 1 desire to say to the Chair that I
* now insist upon the regular order of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I believe that it is
now in order to move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view of finishing the bill which we
had under discussion yesterday. I therefore make
that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope that the House will
not resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken on Mr. Breckin-
ridge's motion; and, a division being had, there
were—ayes 91, noes 31.
Mr. BENTON. By the permission of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] be-
fore the House resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole, I would ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Are we not in the Commit-
tee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The House having voted to
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the Chair having an-
nounced the fact, it would not be in order to pro-
ceed to any other business.
Mr. BENTON., But if unanimous consent is
given, would it not be in order ?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
resolution will be read for information.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it is the unanimous
consent of the House, and the resolution does not
give rise to debate, I certainly shall not object to
its introduction.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to commu-
nicate to the House of Representatives all the proceedings,
if any, which have been had to carry into effect the act of
the last session of Congress, whereby he was " authorized,
immediately after the passage of the act, to enter into nego-
tiations with the Indian tribes west of the States of Mis-
souri and Iowa, for the purpose of securing the assent of
the said tribes to the settlement of the citizens of the United
states upon the lands claimed by said Indians, and for the
puipo^e of extinguishing the title of said Indian tribes in
whole or in part to said landsand also that he inform the
House whether any part of the sum of $50,000 appropri-
ated for the purposes of said act has been expended, and
if so, to cause a detailed statement of such expenditure to
be communicated to the House, item by item.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous,wish of
the House that the resolution be adopted ? The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so Ordered.
DEFICIENCY BTI.L.^
The House then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Chandler in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 271, to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1854.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose yesterday the debate upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio had been ex-
hausted. The question now is upon the amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] which is to increase
the appropriation for the custom-house at Cincin-
nati, $5,000.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask leave of the committee
to withdraw the amendment I offered.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
the amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move the
following as an amendment to the amendment of
my colleague:
Provided, That no officer employed in the United States
Army shall be employed to bupernitend the construction ot'
any building for which appropriation is made in tins bill.
Mr. Chairman, I shall riot tfe able to say in a
five minutes' speech more tlian one tenth of what
I wouldliketo say in supportof thatamendment
The honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cuaige,] yesterday, took occasion to charge
me with indulging a kind o? mania upon the sub-
ject of employing military officers to superintend
the construction of civil works, and to perform
various other kinds of civil service. Well, sir, he
may call it what he pleases. If it be a mama, it
is one which looks to the correction of a great
wrong, and one which I trust 1 shall cherish so
long as the wrong continues to exist.
Sir, if the honorable gentleman from North Car-
olina had had the same experience which I have
had in connection with the public and other build-
ings in the country; if he knew the extent to
which the evil I complain of has gone, he would
not charge me with having a mania uponnhe sub-
ject; he would not charge that my assertions on
the subject were "gratuitous."
Sir, does the honorable gentleman know that
there are thiee scientific coips belonging to the
Army—the Topographical, the Ordnance, and the
Engineer Corps? Does he know that these three
corps consist of one hundred and twenty-five offi-
cers; and does he know that out of these one
hundred and twenty-five officers seventy are quar-
| tered upon the civil service of the Government?
; Yes, sir, seventy out of the one hundred and
! twenty-five. I have here a list of their names,
I which I shall incorporate into my speech, that the
; country may see to what extent the military power
is superseding the civil in the operations of this
republican Government:
List of Officers of tiie Army Employed on Civil
Works.
Oulnance Corps. Capt Benjamin Iluger,
Maj. James W, Ripley, Lieut. J. L. Reno—3.
Corps of Top. Engineers.
Lieut. Cot. James Kearney,
Capt. E. L. F. Hardcastle,
Maj. II. Bache,
Capt. L. Sitgreaves,
Capt. J. C. Woodruff,
Capt. J. D. Webster,
Lieut. G. O. Meade,
Lieut. W. B. Franklin,
Capt. J. E. Johnston,
Lieut. J. W. Abert,
Capt. J. McClelland,
Major. W. Turnbull,
Capt. H. Stansbury,
Capt. A. Canfield,
Lieut. Geo. H. Derby,
Maj. S. H. Long,
Capt. J. H. Simpson,
Lieut. M. S. Smith,
Lieut. F  T. Bryan,
Capt. T. J. Lee,
Capt. Geo. Thorn,
Capt. T. J. Cram,
Capt. W. R. Palmer,
Capt. J. N. Macomb4
Capt. E. P. Scammon,
Lieut. W. F. Raynoids,
Lieut. -Geo. W. Rose,
Capt. W. II. Emory,
Lieut. N. Miehler,
Lieut. A. W. Whipple,
Lieut. R. S. Williamsop,
Lieut. John G. Parker,
Lieut. J. C. Ives,
Lieut. G. R. Warren,
Lieut. W. R. Bogcs—35.
Corps of Engineers.
Lieut. Col. S. Thayer,
Lieut. Col. R. E. DeRusey,
Maj. J. L. Smith,
Maj. W. II. Chase,
Maj. O. A. Ogden,
Capt. H. Brewerton,
Capt. Geo. Button,
Capt. A. H. Bowman,
Capt. J. G. Barnard,
Capt. Geo. W. Cullum,
Capt. W. D. Fraser,
Capt. John Sanders,
Capt. H. W. Benbam,
Capt. D. Leadbetter,
Capt. M. C. Meigs,
Capt. P. G. T. Beauregard,
Capt. J. F. Gilmer,
Lieut. John Newton,
Liuut. B, S. Alexander,
Lieut. E. B. Hunt,
Lieut. Geo. B. McClellan,
Lieut. G. E. Blunt,
Lieut. J G. Foster,
Lieut. W. P. Trowbridge,
Lieut. A. J. Donelson,
Lieut. W. H. Stevens,
Lieut. W. H. C. Whitney,
Lieut. Geo. L. Andrews,
Lieut. Jas. L. C. Morton,
Lieut. Thos. L. Casey,
Lieut. N. F. Alexander,
Lieut. W. P. Craighili—32.
Infantry.
Capt. Seth Eastman.
I repeat, that more than one half of all the offi-
cers composing these three corps are employed
in various ways in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment, where none but civilians should be en-
gaged. Some of these very men, whose regular
Army pay, as will be seen by the Blue Book, does
not exceed $>600 per year, out of these and other
appropriations which we make from year to year,
receive enough to swell their yearly allowances to
$3,000. No wonder civil service is desirable to
them, in preference to that for which they are
educated.
So far has this system been carried of taking
men from the Army for civil employment, that
you cannot whitewash the rooms of the White
House, tack down the carpets, paper the walls,
or hang the tapestry, but an engineer officer must
be called from his Army duties to superintend
these dignified operations. In England, where
titles are more common—and who love titles more
than military men ?—I suppose a person perform-
ing these important duties for her Majesty would
have been honored with the title of Upholsterer to
her Majesty. How would it have looked, when
the papers of this city were complimenting Cap-
tain Lee, of the Engineer Corps, for his taste and
skill displayed in refitting the presidential man-
sion, to have styled him Upholsterer to his Excel-
lency the President of the United States?
Sir, the hook of this Administration is not so
firmly fixed in my nose that I am compelled to
sanction and justify any wrongs* which may be
tolerated and sustained by it. I am not bound by
any principle of Democracy to stand by and*
approve a usurpation of power, and a perversion
of the very principles of civil liberty itself, because
they happen to be committed by a Democratic
Secretary of War, and are approved and sus-
tained by all the power of the War Department.
I charge, and it cannot be denied, that the War
Department has gradually and insidiously en-
grossed and monopolized as many of the civii
places of the -Government as it could, and by this
means has been able to give snugand comfortable
positions to its favorites, until the evil has become
wide spread and dangerous. The most inconsid-
erable structure, post offices, custom-houses, &c.,
ore built now under the charge of Army officers,
while in all parts of the Union works, large and
small, are under their care, with but little regard
to their capacity and fitness for the positions.
Such a state of things is not even allowed in Great
Britain, under the monarchy of Q,ueen Victoria.
In the dominions of that sovereign, I understand,
there are no such encroachments of the military
upon the civil departments of the Government, so
jealous are her subjects of the rights of civii lib-
erty. Military men, with their arbitrary power
and habits, are not allowed to superintend there
the operations of mechanics and artisans, and
English operatives would not submit to it. Why
should they be required to submit to it here,
where every man is a freeman, and every man
has equal rights, and none his superior?
But the gentleman charges that my remarks in
