1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
stances, a special committee be raised, we shall,
besides having a hope that something will he
done, have the subject properly brought before
Congress.
i move that such committee be raised, and con-
sist of seven members. All the gentlemen around
me i know to be m favor of such committee.
There was no objection.
The question was taken, and the proposition,
that thete be appointed a special committee of
seven on the subject indicated, was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on the
Library,submitted areporton a resolution in refer-
ence to unsatisfied contracts for furnishing books,
&c.; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Titian R. Peale.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which thereupon received the
Speaker's signature:
H. R. No. 343. An act to authorize a register
to beissued to the steamer El Paraguay by anew
name; and
H. R. No. 318. An act to authorize the selec- j
tion of school districts in lieu of the sixteenth sec-
tion, within the twelve miles square reservation,
State of Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee ofAVays
and Means, reported adversely on the petition
and papers of Sheonjashub Spooner, and on the
presentment of the grand jury of the United States
court^br the district of Wisconsin, recommend-
ing an appropriation by Congress for the erection
of a suitable building at Milwaukie, Wisconsin,
to be used as a custom-house, United States court-
room, and post office; which were laid upon the
(able
Mr. HAVEN. I want as well the edt of the
gentleman from California as that of the Speaker.
The Committee of Ways and Means have had
under consideration House bill No. 90, entitled
«' A bill to authorize and direct the payments of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California, which were collected in the ports
of said State as a revenue on imports since the
ratification of the treaty of peace between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, and
prior to the admission of said State into the
Union;" and have directed me to report it back,
with the recommendation that it do not pass. I
understood that the gentleman desired to he heard
on the subject when the repoit was made; and if
it be his pleasure, I will submit the report now.
Mr. LATHAM. I havenothingfurther tosay
in the matter. My speech has been printed and
laid upon each member's desk. 1 am willing that
the bill shall be reported, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVEN reported the bill back, with the
recommendation from the committee that it do not
pass, and it was referred to the Committee of the i
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the j
accompanying report, was ordered to be printed. !
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back the petition of James W. Breediove, j
late collector of customs at New Orleans, praying ■
to be refunded the amount of a judgment obtained ,
against him in his aforesaid capacity; which, with |
the accompanying papers, was referred to the j
Committee on Comrneice. j
Mr. M., from the same committee, also re- j
ported back the petition of George Mowry, Esq., :
of Pennsylvania, for compensation for services, ;
&c.; which, with the accompanying papers, was j
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. M., from the same committee, made an ad- ;
verse report upon the petition of Stepnen Warner, j
of Niagara county, New York, asking compensa- i
tion for property destroyed by the British and In- j
dians during the late war with Great Britain; which j
was ordered to be laid upon the table, and be
printed,
Mr. LETCHER, from the same committee,
reported back the petitions and papers in the fol-
iowingcasea; which-were laid upon the table, and
the committee discharged from their further con-
sideration:
John Wdson, praying compensation for extra
duty m the General Land Office;
Joseph D.Waid, praying compensation for ser-
vices performed as a temporary clerk m the Clerk's
Office, House of Representatives, in the years
1836 and 1837; and
James B.'Estes, of Wisconsin, asking Con-
gress to remunerate him for property destroyed
during the Sac and Fox war of 1832, and to com-
pensate him for services rendered during said war.
Mr. L.,from the same committee, reported a
bill " for the relief of Sylvester Humphrey, and
the heirs of. Alexander Humphrey, deceased;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and the
bill and repoit ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. RUFF1N, it was
Ordcteil, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from ihe furthei eon>iderauou of the petition of Aim 15.
JJionauyh, and that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill No. 143, with an
amendment, being "An act for the compensation
of James VV. Low and others, for the captuie of
the Biitish piivatearmed schooner Ann, during the
late war with Great Britain;" which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be-
printed. ♦
Mr. FULLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report the following bill:
An act to amend the act requiring the foreign
regulations of commerce to be laid annually before
Congress, approved Kith of Auguifc, 1842, and for
other purposes.
J ask that it be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. It is so ordered.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to reconsider the
motion 1 made. It is a matter of some impoit-
ance, and when the bill has been printed, and
: members shall have looked at it 
■ Mr. COBB. That is contrary to the under-
standing entered into this morning.
The 'SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb j objects to the motion for recon-
sideration being entered.
Mr. COBB. I am for adhering to what was
the general understanding.
Mr. FULLER. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. F., from the same committee, reported back
Senate bill No. 112, makingBrunswick,in Georgia,
a port of entry, which was ordered to be printed
ami recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. F., from the .same committee, reported bark
Senate bill No. 2110, "An act to constitute San
Pedro, in the State California, a port of entry and
delivery," and asked that it be ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
Com merce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This thing of re-
porting bills fi om a committee, and then recom-
mitting them, is all wrong. The effect of it is to
put all such bills in advance of all other bills that
have been reported, and which have been referred
either to a Committee of the Whole House, or
the Committee of the Whole on the siate of the
Union; and it affords gentlemen an opportuniiy
to put them upon their passage m the House.
There is no opportunity of discussing or amend-
ing them in any particular, and you can do nothing
but pass them under the operation of the previous
question, or vote them down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must rule, if
objection be made, that the bill cannot be reported.
Mr. FULLER, i submit the point of order,
that objection was made too late by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones ]
The SPEAKER. Tit# Chair thinks that the
objection is not made too late.
Mr. FULLER. With the permission of the
Chair, and to quiet the feelings of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,} I will say that the
bills I have reported and asked to have recom-
mitted involve no principle and no expenditure of
money; they merely provide rules and regulations
i for the collection of the revenue.
; The SPEAKER. The Chair repeals that, un-
i der the order of .the House, the latter bill having
been objected to, and giving rise to debate, cannot
be reported.
Mr. FULLER. Do 1 understand the Chair to
say that the objection taken by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was made in season
in regard to the latter bill ?
The SPEAKER. In regard to the latter bill
only. ' *
Mr. FULLER. Then 1 ask to withdraw that
bill.
The SPEAKER. The ruling of the Chair will
be that the bill was not reported at all.
Mr. FULLER. Oh, very well; that is satis-
factory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes that was
the understanding of the House. At all events,
the Chair so understood it.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 inadvertently omitted tore-
port from the Committee on Private Land Claims
a bill which f now ask to present.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.'
A bill for the relief of A. B. Roman, of Lou-
isiana.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
am instructed by the Committee on Commerce, to
report bills to the House on behalf of my col-
league from Illinois, [Mr Wentwortii )
The following bills were read a first arid second
time by their titles, referred as indicated below,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropi iations for the repairs,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works hereafter commenced under authority of
law.
Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
A bill for the relief of Jacob McLellan. Re-
feired to a Committee of the Whole House.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard and
others. Same reference.
Mr. DUNBAR. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back Senate bill
No. 67, being "An act to amend an act making
appropriations for the improvement of certain
harbors and rivers, approved August 13, 1852,"
. with an amendment, and a recommendation that
I it do pass.
1 Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, arid ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNBAR. I am also directed by the same
committee to report back Senate bill No. 243,
being " An act to establish a port of delivery on
: Lake Ponchartrain, and for other purposes," with
; a recommendation that it do pass.
I to Same order and reference.
j' Mr. DUNBAR. I am also directed by th#
! same committee to report back Senate resolution
I for the relief of the owners of the steamei Fanny.
1 Referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
j and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio, from the same com-
i miftee, ieported back, with a recommendation that
I, it do pass, Senate bill No. 240, being " An act
;I to exiend the limits of the collection district of
j Milwaukie, in the State of Wisconsin, and for
'j other purposes."
Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
[' stale of the Union, and oidered to be printed.
'] Mr. H., from the same committee, reported the
f following bill, which was read a first and second
;j time by its title, referred to the C&mmittee ot the
j Whole on the state of the Union Hind ordered to
be printed:
i. A bill to constitute Keokuk and Dubuque, in
|| the State of Iowa, ports of delivery.
Ii Also, with an amendment, Senate resolution
!! No. 3, " for the relief of the owners of the brig
Kate Boyd;" which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HENN, it was
Ordered, That Die Committee on Public Land? he dis-
charged from the timber e <iiMd''rdUoii ot the petition of
Geotge Mf's^erMnith, for a paient to ceiiam land-, ami the
p< nnoii of Hubert W. Steel, asking to be ti-liev.-.d irotn the
erroneous location of a land warrant, and that the same be
laid upon the table.
Mr. COBB. I believe that we are now through
with the call of committees. We have done a
pretty good day's woik. I find that there aie
many private bills upon the Speaker's table, and
if it is the pleasure of the House, I move that the
