1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
relation to the military superintendence of the
Capitol extension were "gratuitous." Now,
sir, I tell that gentleman that when he has given
the subject the attention I have—when he gets
other authority than those interested in keeping
up the military system—when he learns from
those who are outside of the influence of the War
Department, and are able to testify to the folly,
waste, and extravagance displayed in the man-
agement of the work and the procurement of ma-
terials, he will find my assertions not altogether
"gratuitous," but amply sustained by the facts.
I have here the original report of the architect,
communicated to Congress by the President, and
upon-which all subsequent appropriations for the
building have been predicated. It appears from
this report, that the whole cost of the work, to
complete it thoroughly,was set down at $2,675,000.
Up to the time when military rule was spread
over the work, but $600,000 had been expended,
and the expenditures were kept scrupulously
..within the estimates. If it had gone on in the
same manner, under the charge of competent and
faithful civilians, the ultimate cost nped not have
exceeded the original estimates. But we have
already appropriated $1,600,000 for the work,
and not one third is yet done. The basement and
part of the first story is built, but the work re-
maining to do is twice as much more. Remem-
ber, that the second story will contain as much
work as the basement and first story together;
and in addition to that, you have to build six large
porticos, besides colonades, to connect the wings
to the main building, and terraces to finish off the
grounds. These porticos will cost not less than
§300,000 each, as each will be not only large and
spacious, but highly ornamental.
The statement I made yesterday, and which the
honorable gentleman so positively contradicted, I
do affirm is tfue, and time will prove it. The build-
ing will cost twice the sum originally estimated;
and, what is worse, I verily believe it will be
ruined. Yes, sir, completely ruined. The alter-
ations of the plan made necessary new founda-
tions; and these have necessarily cut up and de-
stroyed, for all useful purpose, all the rooms in the
basement, which might otherwise have t>een fin-
ished and used for committees, as those in the
basement of this House are used. My time will
not allow me to point out other serious injuries
which the alterations which have been made in the
plan will occasion to the House 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAIGE. If I had any doubt yesterday
that the gentleman from Kentucky labored under a
slight mania on this subject, the remarks that he has
made this morning have satisfied me beyond all
sort of doubt. Why did I make that remark yes-
terday ? Congress was scarcely in session before
the gentleman, from some cause or other—1 do not
say what, for I am not disposed to look into the
motives of members; I am charitable enough to
believe that every man discharges his public duty
according to the dictates of his own conscience,
and according to what he thinks right, and for the
interest of the country, I might possibly assign
a motive, if I were so disposed; but I will not do it
upon this occasion, or on any other, unless I am
driven to it by the course of remark pursued by
the gentleman—I said that Congress had hardly
met before the gentleman introduced a resolution
into this House, inquiring why the change was
made in the superintendence of the work on the
Capitol extension. He had that resolution re-
ferred to one of the regular standing committees
of this House.
Now, after what has taken place between that
gentleman and myself, I think it a little extraor-
dinary that he should, upon this occasion, have
charged me with getting all the information that I
possess upon this subject from the Secretary of
War and the engineer who has control over the
work As the gentleman had introduced the res-
olution, and as he had been for a long time chair-
man of the committee to which it was referred,
and as the §1,600,000 spoken of by him had pro-
bably been expended under his management, 1
called upon him to give me all the information he
possessed upon the subject. He very kindly did
so. I called upon the engineer in charge ot the
work,and obtained all the information 1 could from
him. I called also upon the architect of the build-
ing, and from all these sources of information, I
made the assertion, and I repeat it to-day, that the
statement that the additional cost in consequence
of the change in the direction of the work will be
§2,700,000, is entirely gratuitous. I venture to
say that it will not cost one dollar more in the
end than it would, have done under the former su-
perintendence.
But let me return to the point about which the
gentleman seems to complain, and that is the re-
mark that he is laboring under a mania on this
subject. Why, sir, the gentleman has let no op-
portunity pass to have a fling at Captain Meigs,
the distinguished officer who has this work in
charge, and than whom, I do not believe, a better
or more competent man is to be found in this or
any other country.
Why, after that resolution had been referred to
the committee; after they had gone on with their
! investigation, aided by the gentleman himself,
| with all his extraordinary learning and informa-
j tion on this subject, he was not content; but after
j pledging himself that he would not introduce a
■ resolution disagreeable to the committee, he came
! into this House on another occasion, without con-
; sulfation with them, and thereby indirectly casting
an imputation upon them, and moved to raise a
i special committee on the public works of the coun-
| try, professedly in relation to the armories; in
I reality, Mr. Chairman, I think it was raised to
] reach those who had charge of this Capitol exten-
i sion.
Now, I do not know what the gentleman means
by having a ring in one's nose. I do not know
whether that is-the way they manage people in
his part of the country who are under the con-
trol of others. If he means to impute by such a
remaik that I am any more under the control of
those in power than he is, if he knew me a little
better he would do me more justice. I intend to
discharge the duties devolving on me as a member
of this body fearlessly, and in such manner as I
think will redound to the interest and honor of our
common country.
The question was then put on the amendment
to the amendment; and, on a division, there were
.—ayes 72, noes 57.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I demand tellers on the ques-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
call for tellers after the vote has been announced ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to demand
tellers before the result is announced. The Chair
had only announced the vote.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 88, noes 53.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurring on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,]
as amended,
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is it in order to offer now
an amendment to the amendment of thegentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston .']
The CHAlflMAN. It is in order to amend
by adding to the amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I dislike to raise a
question of order upon my friend from Virginia,
but I must remind the Chair that a vote was being
taken, and the House in the act of dividing; and
I make the point, that it is not in order |o offer an
amendment at such a time.
The CHAIRMAN. The House was being
counted, but the result had not been announced
when tellers were called for, and consequently
there has as yet been no vote.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Both sides of the
House were counted, and I believe the result was
announced when tellers were demanded.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks he is
right in accepting the amendment.
'Mr. McMULLlN. I more to strike out from
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
§1,000 of the appropriation for the custom-house
at Louisville.
I remember, when this bill was under consider-
ation at a former period, that we were then in-
formed that the sum of $75,000 was amply suffi-
I cient to complete that work. I remember, too, the
i course pursued by the gentleman who now repre-
| penis Louisville [Air. "Preston] during the last
; Congress. But my purpose now is more partic-
1 ulai'ly to notice some remarks which fell, some
time since, from the gentleman from Ohio,. [Mr.
Campbell ;] and I call the attention of this com-
mittee to the fact that that gentleman'notified the
House and the country that your former Whig
Secretary had recommended that that • custom-
house be built for the sum of §75,000, while the
present Democratic Secretary mast have $175,000.
1 ask if gentlemen are prepared to allow the Dem-!
ocratic party thus to be charged by gentlemen upon
the other side of the House without proper resent-",
ment ?
I desire to call the attention of the committee to
another fact. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentworth,] who is a very liberal gentleman,
called upon the committee yesterday afternoon
to know whether this Democratic Congress would
not sustain the recommendations of the Democratic
Secretary of the Treasury? In the judgment of
that gentleman, if they failed to do it, this Admin-
istration would be characterized at the North as a
picayune Administration. That member should be
disposed to legislate with the people's money as
he would with his own—that is, with just econ-
omy. He would not then be disposed to charac-
terize the Democratic Administration as a pica-
yune concern. It is my policy, and every member
here should feel it to be his duty, to manage the
financial affairs of this Government as he would
manage with his own. Does the member from
Illinois do it? It is for him to answer the question.
But I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to another fact. In regard to the bargain pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, and the in-
timation made by him, that by uniting those two
bills together you could pass them, I tell gentle-
men upon the other side of the House that they
can do no such thing, in my opinion. There were
enough of us the other day to defeat the deficiency
bill, and those same gentlemen are here now. If
those gentlemen, so liberal with the people's money
choose to load down this bill with these unneces-
sary and improper appropriations, we will defeat
the bill again. I desire to see this deficiency bill
pass; but if gentlemen upon the other side of the
House choose to clog ii with improper amend-
ments, they will defeat it; and the responsibility
will fall upon them for its defeat, and not upon me.
I should like to see the time arrive when the esti-
mates submitted by your Executive officers to this
House for the administration of this Government,
shall come up nearly to the point.
It is time that we stop these deficiency bills. I
am willing, for one, to meet the responsibility of
stopping the wheels of this Government, if thereby
you can stop them by the rejection of this bill.
If you clog this bill as you did before, and my
vote will aid in defeating it, I will meet the re-
sponsibility as I did before; and I will do it, too,
with great pleasure. I hope that gentlemen here
of the Democratic party will not be alarmed by
the threats which have been held out over us. I
tell gentlemen that I am not to be deterred by any
such threats. If those gentlemen who favor the
appropriations for your custom-houses, &c., can
carry their measures when their bill comes up, •
why, be it so.
[Here tlie hammer fell.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am opposed to the
amendment of my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mc-
Mcllin.] He has thrown down gloves enough to
engage us in a straggle of a week, if they should all
be taken up; but I hope we shall not enter into the
war. For my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] I
will take the liberty to answer that he does not want
a fight now. I have no objection, when a proper
occasion arrives, that both these gentlemen should
discuss any question of politics which they may
think proper to bring forward; but 1 trust that the
invitation which has been extended by the s-entle-
man from Virginia will not now be accepted. I
know his gallantry, and the gallantry of the gen-
tlemen to whom he referred, and their willingness,
to enter into a general discussion; but I call then-
attention, and the attention of the committee, to
the fact, that now for two days we have, in five
minute speeches, been discussing, not the merits
of tlie bill'itself, but everything else on earth which
could enter into the heads of gentlemen. The
committee will bear me out in saying, and I think
I can say so without any impropriety, as I ha\e
been one of the speakers, that, for two days past,
do new fact has been elicited, and no new line of
ars^'unient has been struck out in regard to this
bill.
