1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on said summit northward to the forty-ninth par-
allel of north latitude; thence east on said parallel
to the western boundary of the Territory of Min-
nesota; thence southward on said boundary to the
Missouri river; thence down the main channel of
said river to the place of beginning, be, and the
same is hereby, created into a temporary govern-
ment by the name of the Territory of Nebraska;
and when admitted as a State or States, the said
Territory, or any portion of the same, shall be
received into the Union with or without slavery,
as their constitution may prescribe at the time of
their admission: Provided, That nothing in this
act contained shall he construed to inhibit the
Government of the United States from dividing
said Territory into two or more Territories, in
such manner and at such times as Congress shall
deem convenient and proper, or from attaching
any portion of said Territory to any other State
or Territory of the United States: Provided farther,
That nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to impair the rights of person or property
now pertaining to the Indians in said Territory,
so long as such rights shall remain unextinguished
by treaty between the United States and such
Indians, or to include any territory which, by
treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, without the
consent of said tribe, to be included within the ter-
ritorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Terri-
tory; but all sucn Territory shall be excepted out
of the boundaries, and constitute no part of the
Territory of Nebraska, until said tribe shall sig-
nify their assent to the President of the United
States to be included within the said Territory of
Nebraska, or to alTect the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States to make any regulation
respecting such Indians, their lands, property, or
other rights, by treaty, law, or otherwise, which
it would have been competent to the Government
to make if this act had never passed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said
Territory of Nebraska shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall hold his office for four years, and
until his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The Governor shall reside within
said Territory, and shall be commander-in-chief
of the militia thereof. He may grant pardons and
respites for offenses against the laws of said Ter-
ritory, and reprieves for offenses against the laws
of the United States, untilthe decision of the Presi-
dent can be made known thereon; he shall com-
missfon all officers who shall be appointed to office
under the laws of the said -Territory, and shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for five years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserve all the
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and pro-
ceedings of the Governor in his executive depart-
ment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and
journals of the Legislative Assembly within thirty
days after the end of each session, and one copy
of the executive proceedings and official corres-
pondence semi-annnally, on the first days of Jan-
uary and July in each year, to the President of
the United States, and two copies of the laws to
the President of the Senate and to the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, to be deposited in
the libraries of Congress; and in case of the death,
removal, resignation, or absence of the Governor
from the Territory, the secretary shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to execute and
perform all the powers and duties of the Governor
during such vacancy or absence, or until another
Governor shall be duly appointed and qualified to
fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power and authority of said Territory shall
be vested in the Governor and a Legislative As-
sembly. The Legislative Assembly shall consist
of a Council and House of Representatives. The
Council shall consist of thirteen members, having
the qualifications of voters, as hereinafter pre-
scribed, whose term of service shall continue two
years. The House of Representatives shall, at
its first session, consist of twenty-six members,
possessing the same qualifications as prescribed
for members of the Council, and whose term of
service shall continue one year. The number of
Representatives may be Increased by the Legisla-
tive Assembly, from time to time, m proportion
to the increase of qualified voters: Provided, That
the whole number shall never exceed thirty-nine.
An apportionment shall be made, as nearly equal
as practicable, among the several counties or dis-
tricts, for the election of the Council and Repre-
sentatives, giving to each section of the Territory
representation in the ratio of its qualified voters
as nearly as may be. And the members of the
Council and of the House of Representatives shall
reside in, and be inhabitants of, the district or
county, or counties, for which they may be elected,
respectively. Previous to the first election, the
Governor shall cause a census, or enumeration of
the inhabitants and qualified voters of the several
counties and districts of the Territory, to betaken
by such persons and in such mode as the Governor
snail designate and appoint; and the persons so
appointed shall receive a reasonable'compensation
therefor. And the first election shall be held at
such time and places, and be conducted in such
manner, both as to the persons who shall super-
intend such election and the returns thereof, as
the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he
shall at the same time declare the number of
members of the Council and House ofRepresent-
atives to which each of the counties or districts
shall be entitled under this act. The persons
having the highest number of legal votes in each
of said Council districts for members of the Coun-
cil, shall be declared by the Governor to be duly
elected to the Council; and the persons having the
highest number of legal votes for the House of
Representatives, shall be declared by the Gover-
nor to be duly elected members of said House:
Provided, That in case two or more persons voted
for shall have an equal number of votes, and in
case a vacancy shall otherwise occur in either
branch of the Legislative Assembly, the Governor
shall order a new election; and the persons thus
elected to the Legislative Assembly shall meet at
such place and on such day as the Governor shall
appoint; but thereafter, the time, place, and
manner of holding and conducting all elections by
the people, and the apportioning the representa-
tion in the several counties or districts to the
Council and House of Representatives, according
to the number of qualified voters, shall be pre-
scribed by law, as well as the day of the com-
mencement of the regular sessions ofthe Legislative
Assembly: Provided, That no session in any one
year shall exceed the term of forty days, except
the first session, which may continue sixty days.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall be an actual resident of-said
Territory, and shall possess the qualifications
hereinafter prescribed, shall be entitled to vote at
the first election, and shall be eliaiole to any office
within the said Territory; but the qualifications
of voters, and of holding office, at all subsequent
elections, shall be such as shall be prescribed by
the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the
right of suffrage, and of holding office, shall be
exercised only by citizens of the United States,
and those who shall have declared on oath their
intention to become such, and shall have taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of this act: And pro-
vided further, That no officer, soldier, seaman, or
marine, or other person in the Army or Navy of
the United States, or attached to troops in the ser-
vice of the United States, shall be allowed to vote
or hold office in said Territory, by reason of being
on service therein.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That thelegis-
I lative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
j Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter-
| fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
j tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
i United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
! erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
! lands or other property of residents. Every bill
: which shall have passed the Council and House
i of Representatives of the said Territory shall,
before it become a law, be presented to the Gov-
: ernor of the Territory; if he approve, he shall
' sign it; but if not, he shall return it with his
i objections to the House in which it originated,
| who shall enter the objections at large on their
1 journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If, after
such reconsideration, two thirds of that HbuSe'
shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together
with the objections, to the other H<3use, by whicH'
it shall likewise be reconsidered, and, if approvetf
by two thirds of that House, it shall become a
law. But in all such cases the votes of both;
Houses shall be determined by yeas and nays, to
be entered on the Journal of each House respect-
ively. If any bill shall not be returned by the'
Governor within three days (Sundays excepted}
after it shall have been presented to him, the same
shall be a law in like manner as if he had signed
it, unless the Assembly, by adjournment, pre-
vents its return, in which case it shall not be a
law.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein other-
wise provided for, shall be appointed or .elected,
as the case may be, in such manner as shall be
provided by the Governor and Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Nebraska. The Governor
shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Legislative Council, appoint all
officers not herein otherwise provided for; and in
the first instance the Governor alone may appoint
all said officers, who shall hold their offices until
the end of the first session of the Legislative As--
sembly; and shall layoff the necessary districts
for members of the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives, and all other officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold, or be
appointed to, any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased, while he was a mem-
ber, during the term for which he was elected,
and for one year after the expiratioy of such term;
but this restriction shall not be applicable to mem-
bers of the first Legislative Assembly; and no
person holding a commission or appointment
underthe United States, except postmasters, shall
be a member of the Legislative Assembly, or hold
any office under the government of said Terri-
tory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judi-
cial power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and
injustices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate jus-
tices, any two of whom shall constitute a quorum,
and who shall hold a term at the seat of govern-
ment of said Territory annually, and they shall
hold their offices during the period of four years,
and until their successors shall be appointed ana
qualified. The said Territory shall be divided
into three judicial districts, and a district court
shall be held in each of said districts by one of th*
justices of the supreme court, at such times and
places as may be prescribed by law; and the said
judges shall, after their appointments, respectively,
reside in the districts which shall be assigned them.
The jurisdiction of the several courts herein pror
vided for, both appellate and original, and that ot
the probate courts and of justices of the peace,
shall be as limited by law: Provided,That justicesr
of the peace shall not have jurisdiction of any
matter m controversy when the title or boundaries
of land may be in dispute, or where the debt oir
sum claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars;
and the said supreme and district courts, respect-,
ively, shall possess chancery as well as common
law jurisdiction. Each district court, or the judge
thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who shall also Ba-
the register in chancery, and shall keep his office
at the place where the court may be held. Writs
of error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be
allowed in all cases from the final decisions of
said district courts to the supreme court, under
such regulations as maybe prescribed bylaw; but
in no case removed to the supreme court shall trial
by jury be allowed in said court. The supreme
court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its own
clerk, and every clerk shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the court for which he shall have been
appointed. Writs of error, and appeals from the
final decisions of said supreme court, shall be al-
lowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the same manner and
under the same regulations as from the circuit
courts of the United States, where the value of
the property, or the amount in controversy, to be
ascertained by the oath or affirmation of either
party, or other competent witness, shall exceed
one thousand dollars; except only that in all case*
