1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
House proceed to refer them to their appropriate
.committees.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope we shall get beyond
the Committee on Public Lands, of which the
gentleman [Mr. Cobb] is a member. I do not
want to stop at that committee, as I am anxious
to get to sowe other committees, which will not
occupy the whole balance of the session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Call the next
committee.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will not
throw any reflection upon what I have done. We
are through with the call of committees, according
to the understanding this morning, and the Com-
mittee on Public Lands cannot be called until we
meet again.
The SPEAKER. In order that gentlemen may
understand each other, the Chair would state that
the order made by the unanimous consent of the
House this morning was, that the committees be
called, beginning with the Committee on the Poet
Office and Post Roads, and that such matter should
be reported as should give rise to no debate or vote,
and that the same should be referred; and that
when the Chair should again resume the call, he
should begin with the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands immediately precedes the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Therefore the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is not more '
interested in the proposition which he hart made j
than any other member. !
If there is no objection, the bills on the Speak-
er's table will be disposed of in the same manner, 1
either generally, or if the House prefers, such as
relate only to private business.
Mr.STANTON,ofTennessee. I askthecon- j
sent of the House to make a report or two. They i
are not of any particular impoitance; but I was ;
not in the House at the time my committee was
called.
No objection was made.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, it was
Ordered, Tlmt thfi Committee on the Judiciary br* dis-
ehargeil fiom the Imther consideration of certain iiotttiona i
for the election of l'n'tmlent and Vice President tiy tin; peo-
ple, and that the same be refeired to lhe n'leet committee
on that subject appointed some lime since.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Jndieiaty be dis
charged from the (nither consideration of certain petitions
tor lhe election of" pos-tmasteii by the people, and that the
same he laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on the :
Judiciary, also reported bac.k u a Ull declaratory '
of the second section of an net of Congress up-!
proved February 3, 1853, entitled 4 An net to con-
tinue hftif pay to certain, widows and orphans.'
Mr. S. snid (he Committee on the Judiciary j
looked upon this bill as the ennctment of a new i
law upon the subjcct of pensions, which does not 1
come within the province of our committee; we
therefore ask to he discharged from the further :
consideration of the bill,and that it he referred to
the Committee on htvaitd Pensions.
The bill was ordered t<> be :jo referred.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported hack a joint resolution pro-
viding for the election of United States Senators
by the people; which was referred to the select
committee appointed to consider that subject.
Mr, S.jfrom the same committee, reported back
a biil entitled "An act for the more effectual pros- 11
ecution of land claims belonging to the United
States." **
Mr. S. said; 1 will otcrte to the House that this
bill is a proposition to purchase witnesses and
prosecutors by giving them a portion of the prop-
erty to be recovered. The Committee on the Ju- 1
diciary considered it to be one very improper and
injurious in its character. They have therefore
instructed me to report it back to the House, with
a recommendation that it do not pass. Ji move
that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill ordered
to lie upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. Some time .since I pave notice
of the introduction of a bill upon a subject o^ some
consequence. It involves the expenditure of no
money; and I now propose to throw myself upon
the well known indulgence of the House, and ask '
leave to introduce it, simply for the purpose of
having it referred to the Committee on Commerce, i
There was no objection; and the following bill i1
was introduced, read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce:
A bill to amend the act entitled " An act to
provide for recording the conveyances of vessels,
and for other purposes," approved July 29,1850.
Mr. DRUM. Among the papers of the mem-
ber from Virginia, lately deceased, [Mr. Snod-
grass,] I find a bill and report from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, of which he was a
member. I ask leave to present it and have it re-
! ferrred.
j There was no objection, and the fallowing bill
I was reported from the Committee on Revolution-
] ary Claims, read a first and second time by its
! title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
1 made the order of the day for to-morrow, and the
| bill and report ordered to be printed.
| A hill for the relief of Charles J. Davis, admin-
istrator of Captain John Davis, an officer in the
! war of the Revolution.
I BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The House, by unanimous consent, then pro-
j ceeded«to take up and dispose of bills upon the
I Speaker's table, as follows:
| An act (H. R. No. 185) granting the right of
' way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain railroad,
; through the arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson bar-
j racks tracks. Reported from the Senate with
1 amendments. #
! Mr. COBB. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, and that it be printed.
Mr. MILLER. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. The bill was
originally refeiUkl to the Committee on Public
< Lands, but subsequently that committee was dis-
charged from its consideration,and it was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBB. With that explanation I withdraw
my motion.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The following Senate bills received their first
and second reading, and were Teferred as indicated:
An act (No. 245) to amend the provisions of
the fifty-sixth section of the act entitled " An act
to regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved the 2d day of March, 1799.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 262) granting to the State of Ala-
bama public lands, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a central railroad from some
point on the boundary line of the States of Ala-
bama and Tennessee to a point on the boundary
line of the States of Alabama and Florida. Re-
| ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 348) to grant other lands in lieu of
certain sixteenth sections heretofore disposed of by
the United States for other than school purposes.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 355) to authorize the purchase of
portraits of the first five Presidents of the United
States. Referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
A resolution (No. 9) manifesting the sense of
Congress towards the officers and seamen ol the
vessels and others engaged in the rescue of the
officers and soldiers of the Army, the passengers,
and the officers and crew of the steamship San
Francisco, from perishing with the wreck of that
vessel. Referred to the special committee on the
subject.
An act (No. 178) to incorporate the National
Hotel Company of Washington city. Referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (No. 334) for the relief ot Francois
Cousin. Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
An act (No. 358) to make compensation to
Henry Cronchey for extra services. Referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (No. 352) exwnding in certain cases the
provisions of the act entitled " An act to extend
preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
tioned,"approved March 3,1853. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 64) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of John G. Mackall, deceased. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 175) for the relief of John Bron-
aon. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 188) for the relief of Captain Lang-
don C. Easton, assistant quartermaster United
States Army. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act (No. 203) for the relief of Thomas Snod-
grass. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
An act (No. 222) for the relief of John S. Wil-
son. Referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
An act (No. 225) for the relief of Isaac Cook
and others. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 231) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentative's of John Metcalf. Referred to the
Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 239) for the relief of Sylvester Pet-
tibone. Referred to the Committee of .Claims.
An act (No. 240) for the relief of James Ed-
wards and others. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act (No. 248) for the relief of William Har-
ris, of Georgia. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act (No. 252) for the relief of the personal
representative of William A. Slacum, deceased.
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (No. 290) for the relief of Rulif Van
Brunt. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 291) for the relief of Horace South-
mayd and son. Referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
An act (No. 301) for the relief of the legal re-
presentatives of Thomas D. Anderson, deceased,
late consul of the United States at Tripoli. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (No. 322) for the relief of Samuel Bray.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 324) for the relief of Seneca G.
Simmons. Referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. m
An act (No. 329) for the relief of Thomts D.
Jennings. Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
An act (No. 330) for the relief of Juan M.
Liteo ajjljJose L. Luco. Referred to the Com-
mittee IrPvrivate Land Claims.
An act (No. 337) for the relief of Eliza M.
! Evans. Referred to the Committee on Revolu-
1 tionary Pensions,
An act (No. 340) for the relief of Sarah Cran-
dall. Referred to the Committee on Revolution-
• ary Pensions.
' An act (No. 374) for the relief of Sylvester T.
j Jerauld,'assignee of the interest of Henry Rich-
ard. Referred to the Committee on Private
! Land Claims.
] An act (No. 269) granting the right of way over,
J and depdt grounds on, the military reserve at Fort
; Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, to the Port
; Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Company.
; Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
] An act (No. 88) for the relief of William G.
Ridgley. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
] An act (No. 377) regulating the time of holding
i the sessions of the districtand circuit courts of the
| United States in the eastern district of Louisiana.
Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
; An act (No. 378) to establish an additional land
district in the State of Florida. Referred to the
' Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 382) further to amend the act enti-
! tied "An act to appropriate the proceeds of the
| sales of the public lands, and to grant preemption
\ rights," approved September 4, 1841. Referred
I to the Committee on Public Lands.
I A resolution (No. 16) manifesting the sense of
Congress towards Commander Edward Marshall,
commanding her Britannic Majesty's ship Virago,
and the officers and crew who were detuched, by
his order, for the relief of the surveying party
under the command of Lieutenant J. G. Strain.
I Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 372) in favor of Charles D. Arf-
wedson. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 320) supplementary to an act enti-
: tied " An act to authorize notaries public to take
; and certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowledg-
1 ments in certain cases." Referred to the Commit-
! tee on the Judiciary.
; An act (No. 373) to ascertain and adjust the
1 titles to certain lands in the State of Indiana.
! Mr. HENDRICKS. As the gentleman who
has special charge of that bill is absent, I ask that
it be left upon the Speaker's table, and that no ac-
tion be taken upon it at this time.
