em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
. Therefore I appeal to the committee—I know
it is not in my power to call the previous question
here—but J appeal to them to-desist from the dis-
cussion of matters entirely irrelevant to the bill.
Surely two days are enough of the public time to
waste in the discussion of irrelevant matters, when
the pressure of the public business is so great.
Let us come to a vote. This is the last appeal I
shall make to the committee. I do not intend to
discuss the question further. I oppose the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote upon it.
The question was taken,and Mr. McMvllin's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
increase the appropriation $1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am anxious to pass this bill.
I will do as much, according to my ability, as any
other gentleman to pass such a bill as I believe the
wants of the country demand, at as early a day as
possible.
Now, sir, I am of the opinion that our national
affairs should be conducted upon the same princi-
ple as our private affairs. 1 ask, what would be the
course of the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullin,] and every other man, in a case
like that now presented to us ? If that gentleman
had commenced the construction of a building,
would he not complete it? Why, sir, if a man
has a building incomplete, the safe conduct of
private affairs would require its completion. 1
find this state of things to exist in regard to our
public- buildings. 1.find that there are certain cus-
tom-houses and certain marine hospitals incom-
plete. I am not responsible for the commencement
of these buildings by any means; but I say, that
if they were my private property—if I had com-
menced the construction of any building whatever,
I would complete it.
So in this ease, were it a question whether these
buildings should be commenced or not, I do not
say that I would be in favor of them; probably
a large majority of the- House would not be in
favor of them. But it is not a matter as to the
propriety of erecting these custom-houses and ma-
rine hospitals as an original measure. The ques-
tion is  whether you will complete the buildings
■which have been commenced long ago, and which
are incomplete? That is the question, and the
only one, upon which the committee are called
upon to act.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I acknowledge the force
of the remarks of my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] in reference to irrelevant discus-
sion upon this Dill, and I would postpone any re-
sponse to the remarks of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] but 1 prefer to
settle these little accounts as we go along.
The only remarks which I submitted in refer-
ence to this matter, when the subject of custom-
houses was before under discussion in this com-
mittee, was simply this: That the Secretary of the
Treasury had recommended a particular amount
as necessary to complete the custom-house at
Louisville. I did say that I presumed that officer
knew better than any other person what was
necessary to complete that building. Now, sir, I
take it for granted that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is an economical officer. The Democratic
party have placed him in power. He is the sworn
guardian of the public Treasury. I am not respon-
sible for his being placed there. I am not respon-
sible for any errors that may exist—if there be
any existing—in his estimates. It is the gentle-
man from Virginia, and the party to which the
honorable gentleman belongs,who are responsible.
That party are responsible—they are accountable;
and if there be error, let the gentleman show it.
If the amounts recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury are not required for the purposes of
promoting the public interest, let the gentleman
show it, and let him denounce the head of the
Treasury Department therefor; but let him not
charge us, a feeble minority in this House, with
throwing obstacles m the way of the Government.
Sir, I do not wish to prolong this debate. As
I said yesterday, I am not much in favor of hur-
rying legislation for the construction of these cus-
tom-houses, for the reason that there are other
great interests that are suffering quite as much as
the commercial interests of the country.
I adverted to the fact yesterday, and I now call
attention to it again, that nothing has been done
for the agricultural interest. To be sure, this bill
now contains a miserable pittance of a few thou-
sand dollars to buy garden seeds. You legislate
away hundreds and thousands of dollars to erect
magnificent edifices in your cities, but when the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Tract] came here
and asked for a few thousand dollars for an in-
terchange of seeds and the collection of agricul-
tural statistics, it was very grudgingly given by
the House.
Sir, our constituents will ask us, when we re-
turn to them, what w« have done for the great
national interests—agriculture, commerce, and the
mechanic arts. We can respond that we have
built elegant custom-houses in the large cities of
the Union, for the benefit of the commercial in-
terest. But when they ask us what we have done
for the improvement of the rivers and harbors of
the country, we shall be compelled to tell them
that we have done nothing; for there is no man
here, I venture to say, who .would undertake to
assert that any river and harbor bill will pass this
Congress. We have tried to make artificial thor-
oughfares by railroads, but they are to be stricken
down; ay, and that too by the very men who
are now claiming these appropriations. All that I
can say to the farming interest of my district when
I return there, is, that we have voted money
enough to give a paper of cabbage seed to every
township! That is all that has been done, and all
that will be done for the great interest of agricul-
ture; and though I am willing, for the purpose of
promoting the commercial interest, to vote for
these custom-houses at a proper time, believing
them to be necessary and proper, according to the
estimates of the Department, yet 1 am not dis-
posed to be in hot haste about it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Went-
wortii's amendment to the amendment; and it
was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Preston's amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE. Is it in order now to offer an
amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is m order.
Mr. WADE. Then I propose to ftmend the
amendment by adding five dollars to the appropri-
ation for the marine hospital at Cleveland, and I
do it merely as the foundation of some remarks in
favor of these appropriations, and of introducing
them into this bill.
Now, with regard to this particular building
which I have in charge—the marine hospital at
Cleveland—-I speak from my own knowledge of
its condition, and I know that this appropriation
is needed, and will be granted, unless the Govern-
ment is not disposed to do with its own property
and interests that which, if done by a private indi-
vidual, would justly subject him to a commission
of lunacy. Here is a building designed for sea-
men who are disabled by sickness and disease, in-
cident to the hardships of their most indispensable
and yet much neglected and thankless calling.
Your laws compel them to pay you twenty cents
per month out of their own hard earnings to the
hospital fund. In the city of Cleveland you have
levied in this way on these seamen an annual sum
of $1,200 and upwards, and have raised their ex-
pectations that, when sick and disabled, they are
to have this retreat, where they will be cared for
and protected from pauperism and destitution; and
yet, under a spasm of economy, you are now to
blast these hopes, and leave them to wonder at a
fickleness m the Government worse to meet and buf-
fet than the elements which they daily encounter.
In my humble judgment, these poor fellows,
shipwrecked in the trosts of winter, some with
limbs frozen, others with ship fever, or disabled
by one or another of the diseases and accidents to
which the nature of their calling so peculiarly ex-
poses them, have as much claim on the beneficence
of this Government, nay, on its justice, as have
the Capitol grounds for appropriation for the mere
purpose of ornament, or as the grounds surround-
ing the President's mansion have for a few orna-
mental trees and tree-boxes, or as Pennsylvania
avenue, in the neighborhood of Seventh street—I
believe it is—for gas lights? We need light here;
there is no manner of doubt of this; but gas light
about Pennsylvania avenue is not all the light we
need. And yet the Committee of Ways and
Means have reported all these things in this defi-
ciency bill as matters of pressing necessity, which
will brook no delay.
Here, too, you have in this deficiency bill an
appropriation for each of the heads of Depart-
ments of the sum of $1,853, for arrearages of sal-
ary; and these gentlemen are in great straits for
these arrearages; and yet I am of the opinion that
these sick mariners at Cleveland, and the various
other points where these hospitals are located, are
just as necessitous, to say the least, as these high
official dignitaries. 1 think they are as deserving
of the care and protection of the Government, for
which they have paid,and which is to them a ne-
cessity, as are any of those persons for whose
benefit the committee have drafted and are now
advocating this bill. But, sir, those who are here
where the public crib is have many ways of making
their wants known, and their cries of distress
heard, which the poor sailor has not, and hence
the danger that the poor will be neglected, while
the great will be heard and heeded.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAXWELL. I am opposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] It is not my purpose,
however, to discuss that amendment. I shall con-
fine the few remarks I have to submit to the gen-
eral amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to opposition to the amendment
as closely as possible.
Mr. MAXWELL. I shall confine them as
closely to it as gentlemen who discuss these amend-
ments usually do; and I think that I may talk
about anything under that privilege.
I was one of those, Mr. Chairman, who, when
the deficiency bill was before this body some
weeks since, acted with the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston,] and other gentlemen, who
inserted into that bill the various items now pro-
posed in this amendment. I did it in good faith.
1 believed, under the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and on the merits of the
propositions, independently considered, that they
were entitled to my vote, and I go gave it. I
voted to insert most of these different propositions
into that bill, and I voted for the final passage of
the bill as a whole. But where did 1 find myself
standing in this House? I observed the fact that
many gentlemen who voted as I did on that occa-
sion, who voted to insert these separate items, one
by one, from the beginning to the end of the cata-
logue, when the bill came up to be finally acted
upon voted against it. I was brought to consider
in what position ,1 had placed myself. I was
brought to inquire when I found the friends—the
peculiar friends of these measures—themselves
withdrawing from the position in which they de-
sired to place, what they called, the majority of
this body, whether the expression of distrust of
their own measures, was not enough to press me,
who had no peculiar interest in them, to change
the position which I then occupied.
Sir, as to the bill which was defeated, if the
House did wrong in defeating it, the responsibility
of that wrong rests on those who acted in the
manner which I have indicated, namely, attempt-
ing to force upon the Committee of Ways and
Means, and upon the House, and upon the ma-
jority, if you please, these different items, believ-
ing that the majority would not fail to pass the
bill with all its objectionable features, even though
many of them voted against separate amendments.
They believed that the bill would go down, and that
though they had placed it there they would not be
held responsible before this committee and before
the country. Well, sir, this is a sort of legislation
which I do not appreciate. But what I purpose
to say further on the subject is simply this: that
whatever may be my action on these separate
items, when they come to be considered and voted
on, I think that this bill should be taken sepa-
rately. Why not' Carry it on as you did before,
and insert all these items, and will not'the same
causes and influences which defeated the first de-
feat also the second ? There is no reason to sup-
pose that they will not. And because I anticipate
that result; because I believe that as to this bill
separately there is an urgency demanding imme-
diate action, I will vote for it, and against the
amendments.
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio; which was not agreed to.
