1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the bill will remain upon the table.
Mr. HO LFSTON. All the bills from the Senate
on the Speaker's table having now been disposed
of, let us take up the territorial bills.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
upon the Speaker's table will be the consideration
of Senate bill N<h 373, " granting to the States of
Indiana and Illinois a portion of the public lands,
to aid in the construction of the Indiana and Illi-
nois Central railroad."
Mr. COBB. That goes to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My colleague, who is
also interested in this bill, is not here, and I will ob-
ject to its consideration in his absence. Let it
remain on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the reason that
that bill is not referred like others?
The SPEAKER. Because objection is made.
The bill has been referred and reported back.
Mr. L'ETCHER. The object, 1 presume, m
leaving it on the table now, is to have it passed
without being referred.
The SPEAKER. For the information of the
geiitlemm from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] the
Chair will state that the pending motion m regard
to the bill is one submitted by himself to lay the
bill upon the table; and on that motion the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MILLER, ofMissouri. As my colleague
from the St. Louis district [Mr. Benton] is not
here, I ask that the order referring the bill granting
a right of way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain
Railroad Company be reconsideied, and that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that motion be entertained,
I will ask the Speaker also to entertain a similar
motion in reference to a bill in which 1 have an
interest.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made to the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Miller,] the Chair cannot consistently, with the
order of the House, entertain the motion to re-
consider.
Mr: MILLER. I only want that the bill may
be reinstated in the position it was in, and laid on
the table, as my colleague is not here.
Mr. HAVEN. I understand that the request
of the gentleman from Missouri is not made for
the purpose of allowing the matter to lie over, but
simply that the bill may be left where it was, one
of his colleagues who had charge of it, being ab-
sent.
The SPEAKER.- Is it the unanimous pleas-
ure of the House that the bill referred to be placed
back on file on the Speaker's table?
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
POSTPONEMENT OF THE SPECIAL ORDER, j
■ Mr. LETCHER. For the purpose of permit-
ting the gentleman from California [Mr. McDou-
gall] to renew his motion for a postponement of
the special order, 1 withdraw my objection to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then 1 ask the consent of
the House to postpone the special order on the
Pacific railroad bill to the first Monday in July,
for the reason that the reports of the engineers are
about being completed, and will soon be before
the House, so that it may understand the prac-
ticability of the route proposed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman's
motion be adopted, the special order will come up
at a very bad time. It will come up at a time
when we have ail the other business of the House
to perform. Besides that, we have not now a
sufficient number of members present to make a
disposition of this bill in any way. And I, for
one, would prefer that there were nn action taken
on it until, at least, there were a quorum in the
House.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish it to be under-
stood by the gentleman from Tennessee, that all
the friends of the measure ask for it'is a full and
fair consideration, and we will insist on that.
Mr. JONES. Let us have enough members
present to dispose of it properly.
THE HOOSAC TUNNEL.
Mr. GOODRICH presented the petition of the
Troy and Greenfield Railroad Company for a grant
of a portion of the public lands in aid of the con-
struction of the Hoosac tunnel.
The petition states that the enterprise is one of
th^oldest and most important yet commenced in
America, running, as it does, fifteen hundred feet
below the summit of the Hoosac, by a tunnel four
miles and a half in length, materially reducing the
distance, grades, curvatures, time, and cost of
transportation between Massachusetts, Maine,
New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and
Vermont, and the States of New York, Pennsyl-
vania, and the West; that it is a great national
enterprise, essential to the foreign and domestic
commerce of the country, to the carriage of the
mails, to social intercourse, and of vast importance
in time of war, and well entitled to the counte-
nance of the Government.
The petition farther states that the State of
Massachusetts, although interested in another
and rival enterprise, has granted to this company
a loan of the State credit to be advanced as the
work progresses, and has thus indorsed its value
and importance; that its feasibility has been shown
by careful surveys and scientific research, but still
the magnitude of the work and time required for
its completion demand the fostering care of the
Government.
The petition closes by respectfully asking that
Congress would give its countenance to this en-
terprise by granting to the company, or to the
State of Massachusetts in aid of the same, a por-
tion of the public lands, upon such terms with
respect to the carriage of the mails and munitions
of war, and with such other provisions, as shall
be considered just and reasonable.
The petition was received, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move thattheHouse do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned til) Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE. i
MoND/flf, June 12, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbcrn. !
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved. !
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. j
A message was received from the House of'
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an- i
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the enrolled
bill to authorize the selection of school districts, |
in lieu of the sixteenth sections, within the twelve j
miles square reservation, State of Alabama. j
DEATH OF HON. J. F. SNODGRASS. 1
The message also communicated to the Senate !
intelligence of the death of Hon. Johm Fryatt \
Snodgrass, late a member of that House from the i
State of Virginia, and the proceedings of the i
House*in relation thereto. }
The proceedings wete read. ;
Mr. MASON. I discharge a melancholy office, ,
Mr. President, in asking the Senate to unite with 1
me in the customary resolutions of respect to the ,
memory of a colleague, whose death baajust been !
announced from the House of Representatives, j
Truly, we cannot tell what a day may bring j
forth. But little more than one week ago, when -
the two Houses were to be for a few days in re- I
cess, my deceased colleague took (as we all then 1
believed) a short leave of his friends, availing 1
himself of that interval tar a brief visit to his home :
in Virginia. His health, somewhat infirm in later
years, seemed to have been regenerate with the
advancing spring, and he left us buoyant with :
hope, and rejoicing in the prospect of a speedy '
reunion with those he loved best on earth—his '
wife and infant children. He but lived to reach ■
his distant home, and once more to bless them !
with his presence.
Death, inexorable creditor of all that live, sped j
with him on this his last journeytm earth—Pallida 1
mors cequopede pulsat. Yet how grateful is the rec- j
ollection to those who survive^ that he was spared 1
a death amongst strangers, and that the devoted j
partner of his life shared his last look in death.
The subject of this brief tribute, Mr. President,
John Fryatt Snodgrass, represented the eleventh j
congressional district of Virginia, in the House ■
of Representatives. A native of the county of;
Berkeley, on the northern frontier of the valley of
Virginia, he had removed in early life to the banks i
of the Ohio, and established his home at Parkers-
burg, in the county of Wood,
His family are well known to me in his native
county, occupying and cultivating their ancestral
farms of more than a century, among the most
respectable and respected of those whose occupa-
tion develops the full dignity of man in social po-
sition—those who plow and till the soil that it
may bring forth the fruits of the earth, tlie im-
mediate almoners of the Deity, who has chosen
and sent them forth as the true benefactors of their
race; for who does not feel with England's
gifted philosopher, when he gave it for his opin-
ion, " that whoever could make two ears of corn
or two blades of grass to grow upon a spot of
ground where only one grew before, would de-
serve better of mankind and do more essential
service to his country than the whole race of poli-
ticians put together."
Educated for the bar, Mr. Snodgrass soon rose
to eminence in his profession, sustained and borne
forward to success by diligence, labor, and spot-
less integrity.
it was my fortune to have known him in early
life, before he sought his new home in the West,
but his progress and advancement there were
marked by those from among whom he had
gone forth to the world. The charm of life to
him was in private station.
It would seem from his career that public em-
ployment, with all its seductions for many, had
few attractions for him. I have been informed
that he was never a candidate for office, in its
proper sense, yet he was a man of fixed and sta-
ble opinion on the great measures of policy which
divide the parties of the country—-a republican of
that Democratic school instituted by Jefferson, and
m which Henry, Wythe, Roane,and other home
bred statesmen of Virginia were the illustrious
teachers.
At the solicitation of his friends and neighbors,
he represented them, for the first time, in the con-
vention of the State called to revise the constitu-
tion of Virginia, in 1850. Of that body he was
what is usually termed a iilent member; with the
flippant, perhaps a designation of disparagement;
yet Jefferson, whose commanding intellect moulded
and gave being to all the great institutions of our
popular Government, was himself always a silent
member too. Itis said, I think, of Mr. Jefferson,
that, on even the greatest question before him, he
seldom made a speech exceeding four minutes in
duration. Fortunate m a plain and sensible mind,
not unstored with the results of reading and reflec-
tion, my deceased friend and colleague was one of
those who thought it safer, and perhaps not less
seemly, rather to think and act without talking,
than to talk and act without thinking.
At the close of the convention, he returned to
the quiet of his unobtrusive life, until again, un-
solicited on his part, he was returned to serve in
the House of Representatives of the present Con-
gress, and here, after an interval of some twenty
years, I had the good fortune to renew my ac-
quaintance with him.
He was a warm, liberal, and confiding friend,
a sound, judicious, and informed statesman, and,
above all, an upright and konest man.
I offer, sir, the following resolutions:
Rr^olvet!, Thai the Senate receives, wuh sincere regret,
the announcement of the death of Hon. John* Fryatt
Snodgrass, late ft member of the iiouse of Represent-
atives* trom the State of Virgtma, and tenders to the rela-
tives of the deceased the assurance of its sympathy with
them under the bereavement they have been called to sus-
tain.
Resolved, Thar the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the family of Mr. Snodorass, a certified
copy of the foregoing resolution.
Resolved, As a mark of respect for the memory of the
deceased, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 12, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mxlburn.
The Clerk commence*! reading the Journal of
Saturday, when
Mr. COBB (interrupting) said: I learn that
there are about thirty-six pages of the Journal, all
relating to the reception of reports from commit-
tees, and the reference ofSenate bills, which occu-
pied nearly all of Saturday's session. Cannot we
