1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion may prescribe at the time of their admission:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of the
United States from dividing- said Territory into
two or more Territories, in such manner and at
such times as Congress shall deem convenient and
proper, or from attaching any portion of said Ter-
ritory to any other State or Territory of the United
States: Provided further, That nothing in this act
contained shall be construed to impair the rights
of person or property now pertaining to the In-
dians of said Territory, so long as such rights
shall remain unextinguished by treaty between
the United States and such Indians, or to include
any Territory which, by treaty with any Indian
tribe, is not, without the consent of said tribe, to
be included within the territorial limits or jurisdic-
tion of any State or Territory; but all such terri-
tory shall be excepted out of the boundaries, and
constitute no part of the Territory of Kansas,
until said tribe shall signify their assent to the
President of the United States to be included
within the said Territory of Kansas, or to affect
the authority of the Government of the United
States to make any regulation respecting such In-
dians, their lands, property, or other rights, by
treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have
been competent to the Government to make if
this act had never passed.
Sec. 20. And belt further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said
Territory of Kansas shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall hold his office for four years, and
until his successor shall be appointed and quali-
fied, unless sooner removed by the President of
the United States. The Governor shall reside
within said Territory, and shall be commander-in-
chief of the militia thereof. He may grant par-
dons and respites for offenses against the laws of
said Territory, and reprieves for offenses against
the laws of the United States, until the decision of
the President can be made known thereon; he
shall commission all officers who shall be ap-
pointed to office under the laws of the said Terri-
tory, and shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for five years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserve all the
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all £he acts and pro-
ceedings of the Governor in his executive depart-
ment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and
journals of the Legislative Assembly within thirty
days after the end of each session, and one copy
of the executive proceedings and official corre-
spondence semi-annually, on the first days of Jan-
uary and July in each year, to the President of
the United States, and two copies of the laws to
the President of the Senate and to the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, to be deposited in
the libraries of Congress; and, in case of death,
removal, or resignation, or absence of the Gov-
ernor from the. Territory, the secretary shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to exe-
cute and perform all the powers and duties of
the Governor during such vacancy or absence, or
until another Governor shall be duly appointed
and qualified to fill such vacancy.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the
legislative power and authority of said Territory
shall be vested m the Governor and a Legislative
Assembly. The Legislative Assembly shall con-
sist of a Council and House of Representatives.
The Council shall consist of thirteen members,
having the qualifications of voters, as hereinafter
prescribed, whose term of service shall continue
two years. The House of Representatives shall,
at its first session, consist of twenty-six members,
possessing the same qualifications as prescribed for
members of the Council, and whose term of service
shall continue one year. The number of repre-
sentatives may be increased by the Legislative
Assembly, from time to time, in proportion to the
increase of qualified voters: Provided, That the
whole number shall never exceed thirty-nine. An
apportionment shall be made, as nearly equal as
practicable, among the several counties or districts,
forthe election of the Council and representatives,
giving to each section of the Territory represent-
ation m the ratio of its qualified voters, as nearly
as may be. And the members of the Council and
of the House of Representatives shall reside in,
and be inhabitants of, the district or county, or
counties, for which they may be elected, respect-
ively. Previous to the first election, the Governor
shall cause a census, or enumeration of the inhabit-
ants and qualified voters of the several counties and
districts of the Territory, to be taken by such per-
sons and in such mode as the Governor shall des-
ignate and appoint; and the persons so appointed
shall receive a reasonable compensation therefor.
And the first election shall be held at such time and
places, and be conducted in such manner, both as
to the persons who shall superintend such election
and the returns thereof, as the Governor shall ap-
point and direct; and he shall at the same time
declare the number of members of the Council and
House of Representatives to which each of the
counties or districts shall be entitled under this act.
The persons having the highest number of legal
votes in each of said Council districts for mem-
bers of the Council, shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be duly elected to the Council; and the
persons having the highest number of Ie°;al votes
for the House of Representatives, shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected mem-
bers of the said House: Provided, That in case
two or more persons voted for shall have an equal
number of votes, and in case a vacancy shall oth-
erwise occur in either branch of the Legislative
Assembly, the Governor shall order a new elec-
tion; anc! the persons thus elected to the Legisla-
tive Assembly shall meet at such place and on
such day as the Governor shall appoint; but
thereafter, the time, place, and manner of holding
and conducting all elections by the people, and the
appointing the representation in the several coun-
ties or districts to the Council and House of Rep-
resentatives, according to the number of qualified
voters, shall be prescribed by law, as well as the
day of the commencement of the regular sessions
of the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That no
session of any one year shall exceed the term of
forty days, except the first session, which may
continue sixty days.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall be an actual resident of said
Territory, and shall possess the qualifications
hereinafter prescribed, shall be entitled to vote at
the first election, and shall be eligible to any office
within the said Territory; but the qualifications
of voters, and of holding office, at all subsequent
elections, shall be such as shall be prescribed by
the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the right
of suffrage and of holding office shall be exercised
only by citizens of the United States, and those
who shall have declared on oath their intention to
become such, and shall have taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States and the
provisions of this act: And provided further, That
no officer, soldier, seaman, or marine, or other
person in the Army or Navy of the United States,
or attached to troops in the service of the United
States, shall be allowed to vote or hold office in
said Territory by reason of being on service
therein.
Sec. 24. And beit further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the lands
or other property of residents. Every bill which
shall have passed the Council and House of Rep-
resentatives of the said Territory shall, before it
become a law, be presented to the Governor of the
Territory; if he approve, he shall sign it; but if
not, he shall return it with his objections to the
House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter the objections at large on their journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If, after such recon-
sideration, two thirds of that House shall agree to
pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the
objections, to the other House, by which it shall
likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two
thirds of that House, it shall become a law. But
in nil such cases the votes of both Houses shall
be determined by yeas and nays, to be entered on
the journal of each House, respectively. If any
bill shall not be returned by the Governor within
three days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, the same shall be a law in
like manner as if he had signed it, unless the As-
sembly, by adjournment, prevent its return, in
which case it shall not be a law.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, Thatall town-
ship, district, and county ^officers, notherein other-
wise provided for, shall be appointed or elected, as
the case may be, in such manner as shall be pro-
vided by the Governor and Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Kansas. The Governor shall
nominate-, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Legislative Council, appoint all officers
not herein otherwise provided for; and in the first
instance the Governor alone may appoint all said
officers, who#shall hold their offices until the end
of the first session of the Legislative Assembly;
and shall lay off the necessary districts for mem-
bers of the Council and House of Representatives,
and all other officers.
Sec. 26. And be it farther enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold, or be
appointed to, any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased, while he was a mem-
ber, during the term for which he was. elected,
and for one year after the expiration of such term;
but this restriction shall not be applicable to mem-
bers of the first Legislative Assembly; and no
person holding a commission or appointment
under the United States, except postmasters, shall
be a member of the Legislative Assembly, or shall
hold any office under the Government of said
Territory.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested in
a supreme court, district courts, probate courts,
and injustices of the peace. The supreme court
shall consist of a chief justice and^wo associate
justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quo-
rum, and who shall hold a term at the seat of
government of said Territory annually; and they
shall hold their offices during the period of four
years, and until their successors shall be appointed
and qualified. The said Territory shall be divided
into three judicial districts, and a district court
shall be held in eaeh of said districts by one of
the justices of the supreme court, at such times
and places as may be prescribed by law; and the
said judges shall, after their appointments, respect-
ively, reside in the districts which shall be as-
signed them. The jurisdiction of the several
courts herein provided for, both appellate and
original, and that of the probate courts, and of
justices of the peace, shall be as limited by law:1
Provided, That justices of the peace shall not have
S jurisdiction of any matter in controversy when
the title or boundaries of land may be in dispute,
or where the debt or sum claimed shall exceed
one hundred dollars; and the said supreme and
district courts respectively, shall possess chancery
as well as common law jurisdiction. Each <fi -
j trict court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint its
clerk, who shall also be the register in chancery,
! and shall keep his office at the place where the
! court may be held. Writs of error, bills of ex-
l ception, and appeals, shall be allowed in all cases
. from the final decisions of said district courts to
! the supreme court, under such regulations as may
! be prescribed by law; but in no case removed to
' the supreme court shall trial by jury be allowed
■ in said court. The supreme court, or the jus-
tices thereof, shall appoint its own clerk, and
; every clerk shall hold his office at the pleasure of
i the court for which he shall have been appointed,
i Writs of error and appeals from the final decisions
! of said supreme court shall be allowed, and may
] be taken to the Supreme Court of the United
| States, in the same manner and under the same
! regulationsas from the circuit courts of the United
| States, where the value of the property, or the
I amount in controversy, to be ascertained by the
| oath or affirmation of either party, or other comt
: petent witness, shall exceed one thousand dollars;
I except only, that in all cases involving title to
I slaves, the said writs of error or appeals shall be
j allowed and decided by the said supreme court,
I without regard to the value of the matter, prop-
I erty, or title in controversy; and except also, that
] a writ of error or appeal shall also be allowed to
| the Supreme Court of the United States from the
decision of the said supreme court created by this
i act, orof any judge thereof, or of the district courts
] created by this act, or of any judge thereof, upon
i any writ of habeas corpus, involving the question
