604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
or the head of some other Department of the Gov-
ernment. And I venture to say that there is not
a gentleman in this House who, if he were placed
in the position of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and were called upon to act upon this subject,
without looking at any of the dodges which may
be supposed to influence the votes of gentlemen
upon this floor, but in _eonsidferatioft of his duty
simply as a statesman, would not say that these
appropriations contained in the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky,ought to be made; that
the interests of the country require it.
Now I call upon the gentlemen of this committee
to allow this measure to stand upon its own merits.
Let us act upon it as honest, faithful public ser-
vants. No one has attempted to show that the
interestsof the country do not require these appro-
priations. And as they are clearly deficiencies,
and as every item has been fully discussed, let us
adopt the amendment without wasting any more
time upon it.
Mr. ORR. I will say, in reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] that I will make
no promises as to'aiding him in getting; up the bill
for the completion of certain custom-houses and
marine hospitals. I am not in favor of that meas-
ure, and 1 shall use every legitimate legislative ex-
pedient in my power, to defeat the passage of that
bill, either as a separate measure, or conjoined with
the deficiency bill. Now, I hope the gentleman
understands my position on that point.
But I desire that my position may be under-
stood a little further by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston,] with reference to the action
■ of this House, which he says will reflect upon
certain persons at the other end of the avenue.
Sir, I speak for myself, not for any other person.
I profess to be a very humble member of the Dem-
ocratic party; but I assume for myself the privi-
lege and the right to scan and scrutinize every
estimate that comes to me from any Department
of this Government; and if I find that a subordin-
ate official of the President has exceeded what 1
believe to be the true, just, and economical amounts
for which he should estimate—if I find that he is
departing from the tenets of Democracy—he need
not rely upon me to support his recommendations
in this House simply because he is an official of
the President. It would be a subserviency un-
worthy the representative of American freemen.
The President, who is himself wedded to economy
and correct principle, makes no such demand of his
political friends. He does not ask that the Dem-
ocracy shall yield a blind and ^discriminate sup-
port to the estimates or opinions of his subaltern
officers. The interests of the party require us to
oppose everything which, by its extravagance,
or from other causes, alienates the confidence of
the people from its p mciples and support.
But, Mr, Chairman, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky urges his amendment because it is recom-
mended by a Democratic Secretary of the Tieasury,
and he has reminded us of that tact oftentimes
since this debate opened. He evidently contem-
plates success, because he is indotsed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury—that is reason sufficient
why the Democrats should vote for his amendment.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have not a greatdeal of
confidence myself in the recommendations of the
Secretary of the Treasury; especially since I have
heard his position upon the Pacific railroad pro ject,
and since he has submitted the details of his very
remarkable plan for modifying the tariff—a tariff
which every Whig will sustain, and very few
Democrats. Sir, J think his Democracy is about
as orthodox as was John Tyler's Whiggery.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PRESTON. Do [ understand the gentle-
man, in the allusion he makes to the Pacific rail-
road , to speak of the opinions of the President
upon that subjett?
Mr. ORR. I referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. PRESTON. Was not the President pres-
ent on that occasion ?
Mr. ORR. I do not know. I believe, however,
.the President was there, but he had the good sense
not to express any opinions coinciding with the
opinions expressed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. [Laughter.]
Now,"with reference to the New York assay
office, I concur with the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Prestos,] that the proposition making an
appropriation of §530,000 for the assay office in
New York ought to have been stricken out, and
I shall move to strike it out at the proper time, if
1 can obtain the floor for that purpose.
I voted when the former deficiency bill was un-
der consideration for that proposition, under the
supposition that the contract was made and could
not be revoked. I am not sure now whether it
can be revoked or not; if it can, I am for utterly
repudiating it, and I will state my reasons more
particularly when I occupy the floor upon that
subject.
It is the duty of the Democratic party, in my
judgment—if they mean to preserve their ascend-
ency, if they do not mean to suffer a wreck such
as that which the gentleman from Kentucky is
now, and has been since the 4th of March, 1853,
lamenting—to cut off excrescences, if we chance
to meet with them; and we must do it firmly and
independently, although it may, perchance, give
offense to government officials. 1 haVe said all I
desire to say upon the subject.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Preston's amend-
ment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation for the cus-
tom-house at Louisville $1,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that he
has allowed a greater latitude of debate than the
rules warrant. He did not, however, feel at lib-
erty to arrest it while any gentleman was upon the
floor, deeming that he ought, at least, to give no-
tice of his intention to restrict the debate. He
now calls the attention of gentlemen to the fact
that he will deem it his duty to confine them, as
much as possible, to the amendments they may
offer, or in opposition to which they may speak.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will endeavor so to confine
myself.
The CHAIRMAN. What amendment does
the gentleman propose?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to increase the appro-
priation for the Louisville custom-house p,0(J0,
1 stated yesterday, what was known to the
House, that I had voted, on a former occasion, to
incorporate into the deficiency bill the appropria-
tions recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for custom-houses and marine hospitals. I
was, and I ain still in favor of those appropria-
tions. Finding, however, that the bill which con-
tained them was defeated, and that the sense of
the House was ascertained to be against them in
their conjoint character, I had determined to change
my course, and vote for both propositions separ-
ately.
Now, sir, I desire to make a fewremarks in re-
ply to my friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
m reference to these appropriations. I must say
that I heard with as much surprise as regret the
sentiments which fell from that gentleman. lie
has denounced these appropriations as having
come to this House without authority, and, if 1
understood him, almost against the authority of
law and the sense of this body. What are the
statements made here in regard to the recommend-
ations of the Secretary of the Treasury? That
he has entered into any contract binding on this
Government for appropriations which had here-
tofore been allowed? Has he (lone anything
which implicates the good faith of this Govern-
ment, and binds it to fulfill any contract which he
has made or proposes to make? Not at all.
Where is it that he has exceeded his duty in re-
commending these appropriations.
Mr. ORR. In not finishing the buildings with
the appropriations already made.
Mr. PHILLIPS. He comes into office; he
finds buildings partially completed; he employs
his proper agents to superintend them. They
report to him that a proper completion of them
will require certain sums of money, which sums
exceed the amounts appropriated by Congress.
He adveitises for contracts; proposals are made.
Does he accept them? No, sir; but he makes a
report to this Congress, and says thus: Gentle-
men, these buildings ought to be completed in such
and such a manner. The safety of the Government !
and its property require that they should be con-
structed in a certain manner, which will demand i
additional appropriations at your hands. And I '
respectfully submit to you whether it is not better
for you to increase the amounts, and have these
buildings completed in a proper manner, rather
than build them with the present appropriations
in an unsafe and improper manner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I
had thought that I would not say a word in refer-
ence to these estimates and appropriations; for I
had concluded that it was a fruitless business for
me to attempt to resist successfully, the recommend-
ations of the Administration, supported as they
are by all the local influences which can be brought
to bear on the subject, as well as by the united
vote of my Whig friends upon this floor. I had
intended to content myself with doing what I con-
ceive to be sound Democratic voting on all these
questions.
But my friend from Maine [Mr. Washburn] has
not heard a solitary good reason why the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky should not
be adopted. I will say to him and this committee,
that 1 find cogent and conclusive arguments, satis-
factory to my mind, against these appropriations,
in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury of
JanuEfty 3d, 1854, to be found in Miscellaneous
Document No, 5. The Secretary shows that at
that time he had an amount of available appropria-
tions for the construction of a custom-house at St.
Louis, of §186,707 38. f ask the gentlemen from
Maine, I ask the friends to the appropriations
upon this and the other side of the committee,
whether there should not be a custom-house ade-
quate to the wants of all the business of the Gov-
ernment, constructed for that sum of money at
that city ? He has also reported in the same docu-
ment that he has an available appropriation for the
custom-house at Mobile, of $184,336. Is not that,
in all conscience, a full amount, a sufficient sum,
for the construction of the building there? For
the one at Louisville he tells us that he has an
available appropriation of $155,892. For the one
at Cincinnati he has an available appropriation, he
says, of $,133,470 8G, and so on. For the one at
Rath he has an available appropriation of $32,628.
For that at Wilmington, Delaware, he has an ap-
propriation of §25,227 98; being in each and every
case the full amount as heretofore estimated and
asked for for the construction and completion of
these edifices. Why is it, that the money appro-
priated in these cases has not been touched? In
my opinion, it is not because they have not money ,
enough to construct buildings of adequate di-
mensions fire-proof; but it is because they want
to change the character of the material of which
these buildings are to be constructed. It is that
they wish to procure, perhaps, marble, to be trans-
ported from one extreme of this Union to the other,
for the construction of these buildings; to make
them not only useful and fire-proof, but to make
them in the highest degree ornamental, magnificent,
and splendid. Believing, sir, as I do, that regard
to economy requires that we should be careful in
voting away the public money; and believing, also,
that the Secretary of the Treasury has money-
enough available and at his command for all prac-
tical purposes, to construct these buildings, I shaU
vote against these appropriations.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama; which was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, is an
amendment in order now to the appropriation for
the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; to any of them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I send up the fol-
lowing amendment:
The Clerk reported the amendment as follows:
That the appropriation nf ,^2.),000 forthemaiine hos-
pital at Cleveland, Ohm, shall not tnkp effect, or any part
thereof be expended, unless a majority of the people of the
collection district la which Clevelamt'is situated shall de-
termine by a vote in favor of said appropriation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, I like to
apply the rules to gentlemen which they lay down
for the governance of the conduct of others. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in a discus-
sion the other day, thought that, except there
were petitions presented in favor of a measure,
Congress ought not to act upon it nor pass it. I
have sought to ascertain whether there were any
petitions here in favor of the completion of the
marine hospital at Cleveland. I believe there are
none. The case stands precisely in the same sit-
uation, and no other, as the case did to which the
gentleman applied his amendment the other day,
although it had been recommended by the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury. This case here stands in
