2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May,
of personal freedom: Provided, That nothing here-
in contained shall be construed to apply to or
affect the provisions of the 44 act respecting fugi-
tives from justice, and persons escaping from the
service of their masters," approved February
twelfth, seventeen hundred and ninety-three, and
the 44 act to amend and supplementary to the
aforesaid act," approved September eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty; and each of the said
district courts shall have and exefcise the same
jurisdiction in all cases arising under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States as is vested
in the circuit and district courts of the United
States; and the said supreme and district courts
of the said Territory, and the respective judges
thereof, shall and may grant writs of habeas cor-
pus in all cases in which the same are granted by
the judges of the United States in the District of
Columbia; and the first six days of every term of
said courts, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws, and
writs of error and appeal in all such cases shall
be made to the supreme court of said Territory,
the same as in other cases. The said clerk shall
receive the same fees in all such cases which the
clerks of the district courts of Utah Territory now
receive for similar services.
f Sec. 28. Jind be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the act entitled 14 An act respecting fugi-
tives from justice, and persons escaping from the
service of their masters," approved February
twelfth, seventeen hundred and ninety-three, and
the provisions of the act entitled 4tAn act to
amend, and supplementary to, the aforesaid act,"
approved September eighteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty, be, and the same are hereby, declared
to extend to, and be in full force within the limits
of the said Temtory of Kansas.
Sec. 29. Jind be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, and
until bis successor shall be appointed and quali-
fied, unless sooner removed by the President, and
who shall receive the same fees and salary as the
attorney of the United States for the present Ter-
ritory of Utah. There shall also be a marshal for
the Territory appointed, who shall hold his office
for four years, and until his successor shall be
appointed and qualified,unless sooner removed by
the President, and who shall execute all processes
issuing from the said courts when exercising their
jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of the
United States; he shall perform the duties, be sub-
ject to the same regulations and penalties, and be
entitled to the same fees as the marshal of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the present
Territory of Utah, and shall, in addition, be paid
two hundred dollars annually as a compensation
for extra services.
Sac. 30. Jind be U further enacted. That the Gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice, and associate jus-
tices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed by the President of the United
States. TlieGtovernorand secretary to beappointed
as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, respect-
ively take an oath or affirmation before the district
judge, or some justice of the peace in the limits
of said Territory, duly authorized to administer
oaths and affirmations by the laws now in force
therein, or before the chief justice or some asso-
ciate justice of the Supreme Court of the United
Sta'es, to support the Constitution of the United
States, and faithfully to discharge the duties of
their respective offices, which said oaths, when
so taken, shall be certified by the person by whom
the same shall have been taken; and such certifi-
cates shall be received and recorded by the said
secretary among the executive proceedings; and
the chief justice and associate justices, and all
other civil officers in said Territory, before they
act as such, shall take a like oath or affirmation
before the said Governor or secretary, or some
judge or justice of the peace of the Territory who
may be duly commissioned and qualified, which
said oath or affirmation shall be certified and trans-
mitted by the person taking the same to the sec-
retary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid; and,
afterwards, the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded in such mariner and
form as may be prescribed by law. The Governor
shall receive an annual salary of two thousand
five hundred dollars. The chief justice and asso-
ciate justices shall receive an annual salary of two
thousand dollars. The secretary shall receive an
annual salary of two thousand dollars. The said
salaries shall be paid quarter yearly, from the
dates of the respective appointments, at the Treas-
ury of the United States; but no such payment
shall be made until said officers shall have entered
upon the duties of their respective appointments.
The members of the Legislative Assembly shall be
entitled to receive three dollars each perdayduring
their attendance at the sessions thereof, and three
dollars each forevery twenty miles'travel in going
to and returning from the said sessions,estimated
according to the nearest usually traveled route;
and an additional allowance of three dollars shall
be paid to the presiding-officer of each House for
each day he shall so preside. And a chief clerk,
one assistant clerk, a sergeant-at-arms, and door-
keeper may be chosen tor each House; and the
chief clerk shall receive four dollars per day, and
the said other officers three dollars per day,
during the session of the Legislative Assembly,
but no other officers shall be paid by the United
States: Provided, That thereshailbe but one ses-
sion of the Legislature annually, unless,, on an
extiaordinary occasion, the Governor shall think
proper to call the Legislature together. There
shall be appropriated annually the usual sum, to
be expended by the Governor, to defray the con-
tingent expenses of the Territory, including the
salary of a clerk of the executive department; and
there shall also be appropriated, annually, a suffi-
cient sum, to be expended by the secretary of the
Territory, and upon an estimate to be made by
the Secretary of theTreasury of the United States,
to defray theexpenses of the Legislative Assembly,
the printing of the laws, and other incidental ex-
penses; and the Governor and secretary of the
Territory shall, m the disbursement of all moneys
intrusted to them, be governed solely by the in-
structions of the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, and shall, semi-annually, account
to the said Secretary for the manner in which the
aforesaid moneys shall have been expended; and
no expenditure shall be made by said Legislative
Assembly for objects not specially authorized by
the acts of Congress making the appropriations,
nor beyond the sums thus appropriated for such
objects.
Sec. 31. Jind be it further enacted, That the seat
of government of said Territory is hereby located
temporarily at Fort Leavenworth; and that such
portions of the public buildings as may not be
actually used and needed for military purposes,
may be occupied and used, under the direction of
the Governor and Legislative Assembly, for such
public purposes as may be required under the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 32. Jind be it further enacted, That a Dele-
gate to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to serve for the term of two years, who
shall be a citizen of the United States, may be
elected by the voters qualified to elect members of
the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled to
the same rights and privileges as are exercised and
enjoyed by the Delegates from the several other
Territories of the United States to the said House
of Representatives; but the Delegate first elected
shall hold his seat only during the term of the Con-
gress to which he shall be elected. The first elec-
tion shall be held at such time and places, and be
conducted in such manner, as the Governor shall
appoint and direct; and at all subsequent elections
the times, places, and manner of holding the elec-
tions shall be prescribed by law. The person
having the greatest number of votes shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected, and a
certificate thereof shall be given accordingly. That
the Constitution, and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of
Kansas as elsewhere within the United States,
except the eighth section of the act preparatory to
the admission of Missouri into the Union, approved
March sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty, which,
being inconsistent with the principle of non-inter-
vention by Congress with slavery in the States
and Territories, as recognized by the legislation of
eighteen hundred and nfty, commonly called the
compromise measures, is hereby declared inoper-
ative and void; it being the true intent and mean-
ing of this act not to legislate slavery into any Ter-
ritory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to
leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their owis
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to revive or put in force any law
or regulation which may have existed prior to
the act of sixth of March, eighteen hundred and
twenty, either protecting, establishing, prohibit-
ing, or abolishing slavery.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That there
shall hereafter be appropriated, as has been cus-
tomary for the territorial governments, a sufficienS
amount, to be expended under thedirection of the.
1 said Governor of the Territory of Kansas, not
exceeding the sums heretofore appropriated for
similar objects, for the erection of suitable public
buildings at the seat of government, and for the
purchase of a library, to be kept at the seat of
government for the use of the Governor, Legislative-
Assembly, judges of the supreme court, secretaryr
marshal, and attorney of saidTerritory, and such
other persons, under such regulations, as shall be
prescribed by law.
Sec. 34. Jind be it further enacted, That when!
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed
under the direction of the Government of the
United Statesr preparatory to bringing the same-
into market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-
six in each township in said Territory shall be,
and the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose-
of being applied to schools in said Territory, and
in the States and Territories hereafter to be erected
out of the same.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted. That, until!
otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said
Territory may define the judicial districts of said-
Territory, and assign the judges who may be ap-
pointed for said Territory to the several districts j.
and also appoint the times and places for holdin"
courts in the several counties or subdivisions,
in each of said judicial districts by proclamation-
to be issued by him; but the Legislative Assem-
bly, at their first or any subsequent session, may-
organize, alter, or modify such judicial districts,,
and assign the judges, and alter the times and
places of holding the courts, as to them shall*
seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 36. Jind be it further enacted, That all1
officers to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, for the
Territory of Kansas, who, by virtue of the pro-
visions of any law now existing, or which may
be enacted during the present Congress, are re-
quired to give security for moneys that may be
intrusted with them for disbursement, shall give
such security, at such time and place, and in such
manner, as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe.
Sec. 37. Jind be it further enacted, That all'
treaties, laws, and other engagements made by the
Government of the United States with the Indian-
tribes inhabiting the territories embraced withirj
this act, shall be faithfully and rigidly observed,
notwithstanding anything contained in this act;,
and that the existing agencies and superintend-
ences of said Indians be continued with the same
powers and duties which are now prescribed by
law, except that the President of the United States
may, at his discretion, change the location of the
office of superintendent.
Approve!*, May 30, 1854.
Public, XXIV.—Jin Jlct to supply Deficiencies in-
the Appropriations for the Service of the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, namely:
Department of State.
For the increased compensation of the Secre-
tary of State, from the fourth of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-three, to the thirtieth
of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand four hundred and thirteen
dollars and thirty-seven cents.
For compensation of the Assistant Secretary of
State, from the eighteenth of April, one thousand
