ISM.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eight hundred and fifty-three, to the thirtieth of
June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four,
three thousand six hundred and nine dollars and
ninety cents.
For publishing the laws, in pamphlet form and
in the newspapers of the States and Territories,
and in the city of Washington, two thousand
three hundred and eighty dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, four thousand
dollars.
Said clerks to be employed oniy during the ses-
sion of Congress, or when indispensably neces-
sary to enable the Department to answer some
call made by either House of Congress at one
session to be answered at another.
For payment of a clerk, necessarily employed
in the recess of Congress to bring up the arrear-
ages of the disbursing agent of the Department of
State, four hundred and thirty-two dollars.
For compiling ajid supervising the publication
of the Biennial Register, five hundred dollars.
For outfit of a charge d'affaires to Denmark,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For the usual return allowance for Ministers of
the United States to Great Britain, France, Rus
sia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico, and Chili
eighteen thousand dollars.
For the usual return allowance of chargg d'af
faires, or Ministers resident to Portugal, Austria
Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Belgium, Naples
Sardinia, New Granada, Venezuela, Buenos
Ayres, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Nicaragua, fifteen
thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the usual return allowance of the Minister
resident to Turkey, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the outfit of the Minister resident to Tur-
key, six thousand dollars.
For outfits of charges d'affaires, two thousand
four hundred and thirty-nine dollars and two
cents.
For an outfit for the late charge d'affaires to
Ausrtia, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of the dragoman to Turkey, one
hundred and twenty-two dollars and eighty-three
cents.
For salary of the assistant dragoman to Tur-
key, five hundred and ninety-nine dollars and
thirteen cents.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, six thousand one hundred and forty-one
dollars and forty-nine cents.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, forty-two thousand seven hundred and
twenty dollars and three cents.
For payment of a balance due the agent em-
ployed for purchasing, walling, and ditching a
piece of land near the City of Mexico for a cem-
etery or burial ground, four hundred and fifteen
dollars and twenty-seven cents.
To pay expenses incurred by Edward Cun-
ningham, acting consul at Shanghai, for a police
force for the preservation of the peace by Ameri-
can citizens, five hundred and seventy-two dollars
and eighty cents.
For payment of the claim of Thomas N. John-
son for his services as marshal at the port of
Shanghai, from the ninth of December, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, to the fifteenth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, the sum of
one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one dol-
lars and seventy-four cents.
For payment to John Bozman Kerr, in addition
to his salary and allowances as charge d'affaires
to Nicaragua, the amount of his expenses on the
journey to San Salvador and Guatemala, and of
his expenses at those capitals under his commis-
sions to the Governments of those Republics, to-
gether with a full outfit as charge d'affaires to the
National Representation of Central America.
Treasury Department.
For the increased compensation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, from the fourth of March,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, to the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand six hundred and fifty-
five dollars and fifty-five cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to com-
pensate the agent employed in paying annuities
to Cherokee Indians remaining in North Carolina,
under the act of the twenty-ninth of July, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, five hun-
dred dollars.
For contingencies, including rent, fuel, labor,
light, and watching, for the building occupied by
the Third Auditor of the Treasury, from the first
of August, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three, to the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand six hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For contingencies, including rent, fuel, labor,
light, and watching, for the building occupied by
the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, from the first
of November, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three, to the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-four, two thousand six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Auditor of the Post Office Department, viz:
For miscellaneous and printing prior to the
fourth of March, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three, three thousand three hundred and ninety
dollars and ninety-eight cents.
For printing, furniture, and labor, since the
fourth of March, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three, two thousand four hundred and twen-
ty-seven dollars and fourteen cents.
For salaries of officers and clerks in branch
mint at San Francisco, California, twelve thousand
six hundred and seventy dollars.
For wages of workmen in branch mint at San
Francisco, California, thirty-three thousand three
hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses of the
branch mint at San Francisco, California, four
thousand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of officers and clerks in assay office,
New York, twelve thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen in assay office, New
York, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses in assay
office, New York, twenty-one thousand dollars.
For the employment of workmen, materials, and
other expenses necessary to put the branch mint
at San Francisco, California, m operation, forty
thousand dollars.
For the collection of agricultural statistics and
the procurement and distribution of seeds and cut-
tings, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Patents, ten thousand dollars.
To complete the public buildings in New Mex-
ico, fifty thousand dollars.
For finishing the capitol and territorial prison
in the Territory of Minnesota, and grading and
fencing the grounds of same, ten thousand dollars,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.  
Interior Department.
For the increased compensation of the Secretary
of the Interior, from the fourth ofMarch, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-three, to the thir-
tieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand six hundred and fifty-five
dollars and fifty-five cents.
For the increased compensation of the surveyor
general of Oregon, from the third of March, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, to the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
twenty-seven dollars and seventy-seven cents.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Cali-
fornia, purchase of instruments, records, drawing
materials, furniture, fuel, and pay of messengers,
four (thousand dollars.
For compensation of a draughtsman and clerks
for the office of the surveyorgeneral of California,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses in the office of the
Commissioner of Pensions: For stationery, one
thousand dollars; for binding books, one thousand
dollars; for office furniture, one thousand dollars;
for printing and engraving bounty land certifi-
cates, one thousand five hundred dollars; for mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For continuing the surveys in the northern por-
tions of Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, at the
rates now authorized by law, forty thousand dol-
lars.
For paying pensions, under the act of the third
of February, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three, one hundred and twenty-eight thou-
sand dollars.
For paying pensions of invalids who
wounded on board of private armed vessels during
the last war with Great Britain, from the first ot
July, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one,
to the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hun-1
dred and fifty-four, eight thousand four hundred1
dollars; and the office for paying privateer pen-
sions in Boston is hereby abolished; and the said'
pensioners shall be paid as privateer pensions are
paid at other places.
For the President's House and grounds, for fuel
for the President's House, and for iron fences,
three thousand eight hundred dollars.
For repairs of the Capitol, and improving the
grounds around it, six thousand five hundred dol- .
lars.
For repairs of water-pipes, two hundred dollars.
To pay two drawkeepers on the Long Bridger
up to the first of July, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-four, four hundred dollars ,
Forft-ees, tree-boxes,and repairs of pavements,
five hundred dollars.
For lamps and lamp-posts on Pennsylvania
avenue, between seventeenth street and George-
town, and between the Capitol and navy-yard,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For completing and keeping in order thegrounds
south of the President's House, nine thousand
seven hundred and seventy dollars.
For furnishing an additional number of iron
settees for the President's and Capitol grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For completing the psdestal and inclosure of
the equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, five
hundred dollars.
For the payment of laborers employed in shov-
eling snow from the walks to and around the
Capitol, the President's House, an^other public
buildings, four hundred and twenty dollars.
For furnishing the rooms of the new wing of
the Patent Office building with furniture, and pro-
viding the saloon therein with eases for models,
forty-five thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sioux of the
Mississippi:
For the third of fifty installments of interest, at
the rate of five per cent, per annum, on one mil-
lion three hundred and sixty thousand' dollars,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
sixty-eight thousand dollars. *
For the third of fifty installments of interest, at
the rate of five per cent, per annum, on one hun-
dred and twelve thousand dollars, being the
amount in lieu of the reservation set apart in the
third article of the treaty of twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, per Senate's
amendment thereof, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
For the third of fifty installments of interest, at
the rate of five per cent, per annum, on one mil-
lion one hundred and sixty thousand dollars, stip-
ulated in the fourth article of the treaty of fifth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,fifty-eight
I thousand dollars.
i For the third of fifty installments of interest, at
I the rate of five per eent. per annum, on sixty-nine
i thousand dollars, being the amount in lieu of the
I reservation set apart in the third article of the
! treaty of fifth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
I one, per Senate's amendment thereof, three thou-
| sand four hundred and fifty dollars.
i To pay clerks for services performed on Chick-
I asaw Indian business, in pursuance of the regu-
i lations of the President of the United States, and
I in conformity with the decision of the late Secre-
i tary of the Interior, six thousand one hundred
j and eighty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
J For general incidental expenses of the Indian
; service in New Mexico for the present fiscal year,
j fifteen thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
For the payment for the printing of the returns
of the Seventh Census, and the paper pur-
chased for said printing, under the pro-
visions of the "joint resolution providing
for the printing and binding of the returns
of the Seventh Census," approved March
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-three—
that is to say:
For the printing of the returns before men-
tioned, the sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred
and nine dollars and ninety-three cents. ,
For the paper purchased for said printing, the
