1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] upon which tellers
have been ordered.
Messrs. Campbell and Churchwell were ap-
pointed tellers.
Mr. PRESTON. I would ask the Chair to
state to the House 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. PRESTON. 1 know pretty well when I
am in order 
[Renewed cries of "Older!"]
Mr. PRESTON. And if the House desire it,
1 can make a speech, and delay the action of the
committee; but that is not my wish. I ask either
that the amendment be reported, or that the Chair-
state to the committee the substance of it, that the
committee may know what the question is upon
which they are about to vote.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the amendment will be reported again.
[Cries of " i object!" "1 object!"]
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object, as it has already
been read a number of times.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I object to its read-
ing again, because it has already been read twice,
arid because we all understand that we are to vote
upon the custom-house and marine hospital
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Prestos.]
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 101.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
To purchase a site for custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Island, .$24,000: Provided, That the entire cost of
such site and building thereon shall in no event exceed the
sum of $74,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to oiler the
following amendment to come in at the end of the
clause just read:
Nor shall the site be purchased and the building be
commenced until a contract shall be made with some com-
petent and responsible person for the construction and com-
pletion of said building within the sum hereby appro-
priated.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment and it was agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to strike out so much
of the bill as provides an appropriation for the
custom-house at Providence, Rhode Island.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island, i am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio. I hope* that the appropriation for the cus-
tom-house at Providence will be left to stand upon
its own merits, and that it will not be connected
with other matters which are entirely extraneous.
There have been §10,000,000 of revenue received
at Providence since the year 1800, and there have
been not over §10,000 expended there by way of
appropriation from the Government. There is
now a large and increasing commerce in that city,
which employs something like twenty or twenty-
five revenue officers, of all kinds. Providence is
now the second city in New England; and the
building for which this appropriation is asked is
intended to accommodate the post office, the court
rooms, and the custom-house together.
I do not claim anything at the hands of the
House for Providence which we are not entitled
to. We have contributed this great amount to the
revenue of the country; and when gentlemen from
other places, who are seeking appropriations for
custom-houses at the points from which they come,
can show that an equal amount of revenue has
been raised at those ports, they will be entitled to
have their objects considered in the same light.
It was in this light, I presume, that the Committee
of Ways and Means consideied the case of Prov-
idence when they inserted this provision in the
bill.
The custom house at Providence is totally inad-
equate to the wants of the business required to be
done there. It is a little square, brick building, so
limited in its dimensions tha-t they have been
obliged to £0 up into the third story to accommo-
date the officers employed in it. I hope most sin-
cerely that whatever action is taken upon other
matters, this appropriation will be allowed to
stand upon its own merits. The wants of thecom-
merce of that city, which is the second in New
England, I repeat, imperatively demand that this
custom-house should be constructed; and I hope
the committee will not strike out this paragraph
in the bill.
I will say to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] who stems to have antipathy to this
appropriation because those for his own section of
country have not received the favorable action of
the committee, that I have not, as an individual,
opposed any of these appropriations for custom-
houses, nor do I mean to do it., I believe they
are designed for a beneficial purpose, and are ne-
cessary to carry on the business of the country.
It has been adduced m support of propositions
which have been brought as amendments to this
bili, that the buildings being erected were for the
purpose of furnishing accommodations for court
rooms and for post offices. I can say the same
with reference to the building it is proposed to erect
in Providence, that it is also designed for court
rooms and for the accommodation of the post office
in that city. I have only to add, that such are
the wants of the custom-house business at Provi-
dence, that it will be doing great injustice to strike
out this provision of ^he bill; and I trust it will
not be done.
Mr. DAVIS. I demand tellers upon the ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. RoBBiNsand
Chamberlain were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 52.
So that clause of the bill was stricken out.
Mr. PRESTON. I move to strike out from
the one hundred and twentieth to the one hundred
and thirty-fifth lines of the bill.
The Clerk read the clauses proposed to be strick-
en out, as follows:
To complete public buildings in New Mexico, $50,000.
For the purchase of the lots or parcels of land, with the
appurtenances and the buildings thereon, belonging the one
thereof to the Bank of Commerce, and the other thereof to
the Bank of the State of New York, and particularly re-
ferred to and described in two contracts, one with each of
&aid banks, for the leasing and right to purchase, the same
bearing date the 19lh of August, 1^53: Provided, Thai be
fore the said purchase is made, the State ot New York shall
cede to the United {States jurisdiction over said land and
property, and shall by law exonerate the same, and the
property of the United States thereon, from all taxes, levies
and assessments thereon, whilst the same remains the prop-
erty ot the United States, $530,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does my colleague
insist on his motion to strike that out?
Mr. PRESTON. 1 do.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Well, we must have
a division of the question. The portion of the
bill which my colleague proposes to strike out
embraces two separate and distinct propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky will be divided. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the first clause which
has been read.
Mr. ORR. I hope the question will not be
taken until the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] explains why that provision was
put into the bill.
Mr. PRESTON. I have moved to strike itout,
in order that we may hear the reasons for putting
it in.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Kentucky will withdraw his motion, as
there is nobody here to represent New Mexico.
It is a Territory  
Mr. PRESTON. What do I understand the
gentleman to ask ?
Mr. SMITH. I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw his motion to strike out
this provision, for the reason that there is no one
here to represent the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 insist on my motion.
Mr. SMITH. Very well, sir.
Mr. PRESTON, ft has plenty of represent-
atives on the other side of the House and in the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Very well, I will sat-
isfy the gentleman in a moment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Before the
question is put on the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, I move to amend that portion of
the bill which is proposed to be stiieken out, by
striking out " $50,000," and inserting " j,40,000"
in lieu thereof; and 1 will say in reference to this
matter, that there is no conceivable reason 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is in error. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky is to strike out two lines.
Mr. STANTON. And I have a right to amend
the portion proposed to be stricken out. I say
there is no conceivable principle upon which gen-
tlemen can claim any consistency m putting an
appropriation in tins bill for public buildings any-
where that would not justify them in doing the
same with regard to those appropriations for pub-
ic buildings already rejected by the committee.
Mr. PRESTON. That ip it.
Mr. STANTON. And I say to the friends of
public buildings in the West, that in order to get
justice, in order to force 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order
on my friend that he must speak to the amend-
ment, and not go into general discussion.
Mr. STANTON. I am speaking to my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to his amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. He must show why
$40,000 should be inserted instead of $50,000 as
the amount to be voted.
Mr. STANTON. Very well. 'It is true that
I am arguing the policy. I am for reducing the
appropriation.' But I will withdraw my amend-
ment and offer another.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. STANTON. Weil, I think that the tenor
of my remarks is in perfect accordance with the
proposition 1 have made.
I say that this appropriation ought not to be in
this bill on the principle on which the others were
rejected; that we ought to maintain that principle
with regard to all appropriations of this class, and
let them stand or fall together. There is as much
necessity for one as there is for the other. TtTat
is all 1 have to say upon the subject.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am opposed to the
amendment. I hope that we shall be able to get
along smoothly with this bill; and thatif from any
quarter a disposition is manifested, because of the
failure of certain provisions, to war upon all others,
the House will not sustain any effort of that sort,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 begleaveto
say to the gentleman from Kentucky that I am in
favor of all these provisions, and will vote for
them all, either in this bill or out of it; and that I
will vote for the bill whether they are in it or not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will explain to the
committee the reason why the Committee of
Ways and Means inserted this provision in the
bill. The following is taken from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury: *
" New Mexico—The estimate for the completion of the
public buildings in the Territory is $50,000. The former
appropriation has been sufficient to complete the founda-
tions of the State-house, and the purchase of some mate-
rial* for the superstructure. The estimate is m accordance
with the recommendation of the commissioners of construc-
tion.
" The cost of these works has been much increased be-
yond the original estimates by the great advance in the
prices of labor and material."
That is thereport of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury m reference to the Territory of New Mexico,
which, as has been remarked, has no representa-
tive upon this floor who is entitled to vote; and I
hope that if war be made on any item, it will not
be on this one.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, withdrew his
amendment by unanimous consent.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky, who has just taken his
seat, whether the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
other person connected with the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government, has recommended this
appropriation ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Secretary of the
Treasury does recommend it by the very report
which 1 read to the committee. In Miscellaneous
Document No. 5 the gentleman will find the views
of the Department on the subject.
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman, before the
gentleman from Tennessee submitted his amend-
ment, I moved to strike the section out. It was
far from my intention to do so m any spirit of
hostility to New Mexico; but it seems to me that
the committee who, a few moments since, were so
careful that they should put all public buildings
in a separate bill, have certainly shifted their
ground; for here we find appropriations for cer-
tain public buildings inserted m this bill. The
o-rounds assumed for ihe exclusion of the custom-
houses is suddenly reversed, and they assert that
it is exceedingly inappropriate to postpone this
$50,000 appropriation until the next bill comes up,
and that tins is the only place in which it can be
safely inserted. I do not see by what process of
reasoning they arrive at this conclusion; and I
want to put all these appropriations for public
