1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tary of the Interior under date of thirteenth of
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-rtiree, in ref-
erence to said subject, should have been paid by
the marshal of the United Slates for said Terri-
tory, he is directed to audit and allow the same.
For compensation of the judge of first instance
in civil cases for the district of San Francisco,
California, per appointment dated twenty-first of
September, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, by
the late General B. Riley, while Governor of that
country, from first October, eighteen hundred and
forty-nine, to the first April, eighteen hundred and
fifty, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the payment of a draughtsman and clerks,
employed under the resolution of May four,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, upon the maps
of the public lands, five thousand six hundred
and seventy-five dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all books,
papers, documents, and records, in the Depart-
ment of the Interior, may be copied and certified,
under the seal of that Department, (which is
hereby recognized as legal,) in the same manner as
those in the other Executive Departments may
now by law be, and with the same force and effect;
and in all cases where a seal is necessary by law
to any commission, process, or other instrument
provided for by the laws of Congress, it shall be
lawful to affix the proper seal, by making an im-
pression therewith directly on the paper to which
such seal is necessary, which shall be as valid as
if made on wax or other adhesive substance.
Sec. 3. And be it fuither enacted, That hereafter
the commissions of all officers, under the direction
and control of the Secretary of the Interior, shall
be made out and recorded in the Department of
the Interior, and the-seal of the said Department
affixed thereto, any laws to the contrary notwith-
standing: Provided, That the said seal shall not
be affixed to any such commission before the same
shall have been signed by the President of the
United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of the special mail agent of the Post
Office Department in California shall be five thou-
sand dollars per annum; such rate to take effect
in virtue of this provision from July first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act, there shall be, in
addition to the clerks authorized by the third sec-
tion of the act of March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four," in the
office of the Register of the Treasury, three clerks
of class three, to include the clerk now authorized
to take charge of the redemption of stocks, and in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions in lieu
of the temporary clerks now employed therein,
five clerks of class two, and fifteen clerks of class
three; and said clerks shall be paid, according to
the provisions of said section, until the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the por-
tion of the seventh section of the act of twenty-
sixth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
entitled " An act to provide for executing the pub-
lic printing and establishing the prices thereof,
and for other purposes," which provides " that
when any documents shall be ordered to be printed
by both Houses of Congress, the entire printing
of such documents shall be done by the printer of
that House which first ordered the same," is
hereby repealed; and when there are different
printers for the respective Houses, each shall do
the printing which may thereafter be ordered by
the House electing him.
Approved, May 31, 1854.
Public, XXV.—^tt Act regulating the Pay of Dep-
uty Postmasters.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America, in Congress
assembled, That in place of the compensation now
allowed deputy postmasters, the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to allow
them commissions at the following rates on the
postage collected at their respective offices in each
quarter of the year, and indue proportion for any
period less than a quarter, viz:
On any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars
sixty per cent.; but any postmaster at whose office
the mail is to arrive regularly, between the hours
of nine o'clock at night and five o'clock in the
morning, may be allowed seventy percent, on the
first hundred dollars.
On any sum over and above one hundred dol-
lars, and not exceeding four hundred dollars, fifty
per cent.
On any sum over and above four hundred dol-
lars, but not exceeding twenty-four hundred dol-
lars, forty per cent.
And on all sums over twenty-four hundred dol-
lars, fifteen per cent.
On the amount of postage on letters and pack-
ages received at a distributing office for distribu-
tion, twelve and one half per cent, commission
may be allowed.
Every postmaster whose compensation shall
not exceed five hundred dollars m one quarter,
shall be allowed one cent on every free letter de-
livered out of his office, except such as are for the
postmaster lumself. But the special allowance
now made by law to the postmasters at New Or-
leans and Washington city, shall not otherwise
be either increased or diminished.
Each postmaster who shall be required to keep
a register of the-arrival and departure of the mails,
shall be allowed ten cents for each monthly return
which he makes to the Postmaster General.
Each postmaster shall be allowed two mills for
the delivery from his office to a subscriber of each
newspaper not chargeable with postage: Provided,
■ That to any postmaster of a distributing office at
I which the commissions, allowances, and emolu-
' ments, since the thirty-fiist day of March, one
: thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, have been
insufficient to defray the actual and necessary ex-
penses, and afford the postmaster the annual com-
pensation derived from commissions at the office
before said thirty-first of March, the Postmas-
ter General may, in his discretion, allow quar-
terly, from the date aforesaid, out of the postages
collected at any such office, an amount sufficient
to supply such deficiency: Provided farther, That
to any postmaster of a separating office, whose
commissions, allowances, and emoluments may
be found insufficient to provide the extia labor
necessary to a prompt and efficient performance
of the duties of separating and dispatching the
mails passing through his office, the Postmaster
General may make such quarterly allowance, out
of the postages collected at such office, as he may
I deem sufficient to compensate such extra labor:
j Provided further, That the commissions and allow-
I ances authorized by this act shall be subject to
i the provisions of the forty-first section of the act
entitled " An act to reduce into one the several
! acts establishing and regulating the Post Office
t Department! And provided further, That the Post-
! master General may, in his discretion, dispose of
j any quarterly leturns of mails sent or received,
which were made up previous to the first day of
! July, eighteen hundred and fifty, preserving the
' accounts current, and all vouchers accompanying
! such accounts, and use such portion of the pro-
; ceeds thereof as may be necessary to defray the
cost of separating and disposing of the same.
This act shall take effect and be in force from and
after thecommencement of the next fiscal quarter
after its passage.
Approved, June 22, 1854.
tion, would have been, had not treaty stipulation
made other disposition thereof.
Approved, June 22, 1854.
Public, XXVI.—An Act to authorize the Selection
of School Districts in lien of the sixteenth sections
within the Twelve Miles Square Reservation, State
of Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
|! sentatwes of the United States of America in Congress
|! assembled, That the school commissioners of town-
ji ship six south, range one east, townships five and
ji six south, range two east, and townships five and
j six south, range three east, Huntsville district,
I Alabama, be, and the same are hereby, authorized
I to select, respectively, by legal subdivisions, from
! any of the surveyed public lands, the quantity, as
! near as may be, contained in the sixteenth sections
I of said townships, within the twelve miles square
1 reservation; which selections, upon being approved
I; by the Secretary of the Interior, shall beholden by
1 the same tenure, and upon the same terms, for the
ji support of schools, in such townships, as the sec-
'• tions numbered sixteen, within the said reserva-
Pubhc, XXVII.—An Act confirming certain Land,
Qlaims in Louisiana, in the Bastrop Grant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That such of the claims entered m the
report dated thirtieth of July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, of the register and receiver at Mon-
roe, Louisiana, as in their opinion ought to be
confirmed, according to the principles recognized
in the act of Congress of the third March, eighteen
hundred and forty-one, pursuant to which the said
report was made, be, and the same are hereby,
confirmed for the extent and under the limitations
referred to in the opinions of the said officers.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That the con-
firmation by this act shall only operate as a relin-
quishment on the part of the United States, and
shall not affect the right of adverse claimants to
the same lands, nor prevent a judicial decision in
regard to the same; and upon the rendition to the
General Land Office of a proper olat of survey,
dulv approved by the surveyor 'eneral, for any
confirmation by this act, the Commissioner shall
cause a patent to be issued, if satisfied that the
same is confirmed and surveyed according to the
Irue intent of this act: Provided, That if in any
case a claim confirmed by this act was not actually
located prior to the third of March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, no location of the same shall be
made to the prejudice of any actual settler, but
such floating claim may be located on any public
lands in the Ouachita district, to which there may
be no existing preemption or other valid claim,
under such regulations as may be prescribed by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Approved, June 29, 1854.
Public, XXVIII.—An Act to reimburse to the
Common Council of A''hv York city, Expenditures
made for the First Regiment of JVew York Volun-
teers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War, in the set-
tlement and adjustment (under the act of Congress
of June second, eighteen hundred and forty-eight)
of the claims of the common council ofNew York,
for expenditures made in organizing, transporting,
clothing, and subsisting the first regiment of New
York volunteers, commanded by Colonel Ward
B. Burnett, prior to the mustering of said regiment
into the service of the United States, shall be
authorized and required to allow such of those
claims as may be supported by satisfactory vouch-
1 ers, showing that such expenditures had been
fairly made, and was necessary and proper for the
service, notwithstanding that such vouchers may
be informal and defective for want of particularity:
Provided, That the amount allowed shall not ex-
ceed three thousand six hundred and seventy-two
dollars and ninety cents.
Approved, June 29, 1854.
Public, XXIX.—An Act to authorize the Issue of
j Registers to vessels owned by the "Accessory Transit
, Company."
j Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
; sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
j assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,"
i! and he is hereby, authorized to cause registers to
' j be issued in the name of the president of the
! " Accessory Transit Company," incorporated
I under a charter from the State of Nicaragua, for
'the steamboats or vessels owned by said com-
j pany, and employed in the transportation of mer-
[ chandise and passengers between the Atlantic and
; Pacific ports of the United States, through or over
| the territory of theStateaforesaid: Provided, That
; before the granting of a register for any steam-
| boat or vessel owned by said company, to be em-
' ployed as aforesaid, the president ofsaid company
| shall swear or affirm that the said steamboat or
: vessel is owned by said company; that all the
! officers and at least two thirds of the crew are citi-
i zens of the United States, or persons not the sub-
jects of any foreign prince or State; that all the
! officers and directors of said company are citizens
I of the United States, arid that two thirds of the
■ stock of said company is owned by citizens of the
