1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
Pringle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Rogers, Sabin, Sage,
Sapj>, Sewaid, Shannon, Ilestor L. Stevens, Stration,
Straub, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Upham. Vail,
Walley, and Tappan Wentworth—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Barry, ftoooek, Breckinridge, Bridget,
Brook5!, Bugg, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chambeilain, Chris-
man, Ohurchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cor-
win, Cox, (Jutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dowdell,
Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Edrnundson, Thomas D. Eliot,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Elhertdge, Gamble, Gid-
ding*. Greenwood, Hamilton, AndiewJ. Harlan, Hastings,
iSehdricks, Hiester, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Johnson,
George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kid well, Latham, Lwd-
lev, Macdonald, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller, Smith Mil-
Icr, Morriaon, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Phelps, Ready, Riddle,
Bobbins, Rulfin, Russell,Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Gernt |
Smith, Sainael A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
John L. Taylor, Trout, Walbiidge, Warren, Isiael Wash-
burn, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—82.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question again recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution as amended.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Abercrombie, Aiken, Jam-es C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Barry, Cell, Boeock, Breckinridge, Budges,
15rooks, Bugg, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chnsman, Church-
well, OJdrk, (Jhngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Convin, Co<c, Cur
tis, Cutting, John G. liavis, Dawson, Dowdell, Drum,
Dunbar, Edmund^nn, Thomas D. Eliot, John 31. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Etheridjie, Gamble, Giee.nwood, Hamil-
ton, Andrew J. Harlan, Iia>ungs, Hcndricks, iliec-u-r. Hill, j
Houston, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kidwell, Latham, Lmdley, Macdonald, Maxwell, May,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morn^on, Niclioh. Olds-,
Orr, Phelps, Beady, Bobbins, RutTm, ltu«;sel, Shaw, Sin-
gleton, Skelton, Gernt Smith, Samuel A Smith, William
Smith, William It. Smith, George VV. Smyth, Frederick P.
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hector L. Stevens*, Strut-
ton, Straub, John L. Taylor, Trout, Walhridge, Warren,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Ashe. Ball, Belcher, Benson,
Boyce, Campbell, Caipenter, Caskie, Chandler, Cook,
Crocker. Dick. Disney, Eveihait,Ewing, Fuller, Giddings,
Goode, Gooduch, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Henri, Hillyei,
Howe. Hughes, Hunt, f mjersoll, Roland June.*, Knit, Knox,
Lamb, Letcher, Lmd.-ley, MeCulIoeh. McDougall, MeMul-
iin, Mace, Mayall, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Paiker, Pennington, Bishop Perkins. John
Perkins, Powell, Preston, Pimgle, Putyear, Riddle, David
Ritchie, Thomas Ritcbey, Rogers, Sabin, Seward, Shan-
non, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Up-
ham, Vail Walley, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth,
and Westbrook—68.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted. !
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by '
which the resolution was adopted. I desire to
say that the words sine die are not incorporated in
the resolution, because they are not at all neces-
sary. It requires the action of the two Houses ,
to pass the resolution. When the House adjourns j
on the day fixed it will require the concurrence j
of the other body for our meeting afterwards, ;
wntil the time fixed for the meeting of Congress j
by the Constitution. I therefore move that the ■
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. j
The question was taken; and the motion was ;
agreed to. j
HOUR OF MEETING. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con- |
sent of the House to submit the following reso- j
lution: i
Resolved, That from and after this day, and until other- I
wise ordered, the daily hour of meeting of the House of
Representatives shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus- j
pended for the purpose indicated. j
The question was put; and sixty-two voted in ,
the affirmative. !
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers. '
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Churchwell were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes GO 
Mr. COBB. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BALL. I move that the House adjourn, j
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. Upon that ,
motion 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 60, nays G9;as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abercrombie, Ball, Bell, Benson,
Boyce, Campbell, Oaipenter, Chrisman, Chngmati, Cook,
Corwin, Dick, Disney, Dowdell, Edmands, Thomas D.
Eliot, Eveihart, Evving, Giddings, Goodrich, Greenwood,
Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Henn, 1
Blester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, KeiU, Knox,
Letcher, Mayall, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Powell, Pnngle, Ready, David Ritchie, Sabin,
Shannon, Gerrit Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Upluun,
Walbridge, Walley, Israel Washburn, and Tappan Went-
worth— bO.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Barry, Belcher, Rocock, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Bugg, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Church-
well, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Crocker, Cutting, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dunbar, Dunham, Edrnundson, John
M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Ham-
ilton, Hendricks, Hillyer, Houston, Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Latham, Lmdley, Ltndsley, Mac-
donald, McMullin, Maxwell, May, John G Miller, Smith
Miller, Morrison, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Bi>hop Perkins,
Phelps, Puryear, Riddle, Thomas Ritcbey, Robbins,
Ruftin, Russell, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith,George
W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratum, Trout, Vail, Dan-
iel B. Wright, and Hendnek B. Wright—69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing the resolution which
has been read. Upon that motion the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the House seems to be
very thin, I would prefer that the motion should
go over until Monday next.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the motion made by the gentleman
from Alabama lie over?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would ask
the gentleman from Alabama to withdraw his
motion. He must be certainly convinced that his
resolution cannot pass, and we can save more time
by sitting late than by meeting at eleven o'clock,
when we should rarely have a quorum here.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thegentleman from Georgia
must know very well that I am here both early
and late. I presented the resolution because I
believed that it ought to pass.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion to suspend the rules; and there were
—yeas 78, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Bugs;, Carpenter, Caskie, Chambeilain, Chandler,
Chrisman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cutting, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Disney, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmund-
son, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Hamilton, Hendricks, Hillyer, Houston, rnger&oll,
Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell,
Latham, Letcher, LindMey, McCulloch, Macdonald, Max-
well, May, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Moirihon, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Puiyear,Thomas
Ritcbey, Robbins, Rulfin, Russell, Sabin, Shannon, Shaw,
Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William U. Smith, George W. Smyth, Hestor
L. Stevens, Strauon, Andiew Stuait, Trout, Vail, Daniel
B. Wright, and Hendnok B. Wright—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Boyce, Brooks, Camp-
bell, Chngman, Cioeker, Dick, Edmands, Evving, Gid-
dings, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Ilast-
ing-, Haven, Henn, Fhester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Iveitt, Knox, McMnllin, Morgan, Mum ay. Not ton. Parker,
Pieston, 1'nngle, Ready, David Bitehie, Sage, Frederick P.
Stanton, Rk-hard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Wal
bridire, Walley, Israel Washburn, and Tappan Wentworth
—45.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table, for the purpose of having it re-
ferred, Senate bill No. 373, being an act 44 to as-
certain and adjust the title of certain lands in the
State of Indiana."
Mr. KNOX. I object, and move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the objection, and allow the bill
to be read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the appropriate committee.
Mr. KNOX. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. HILLYER. It is within the experience
of every member of this House, that the short
sessions of Congress do not afford sufficient time
for a proper discharge of its legislation. I there-
fore move that the rules of the House be sus-
pended , so as to enable me to introduce the follow-
ing bill:
Be it enacted, That hereafter the day appointed, by law,
for the assembling of Congress, shall be the first Monday m
November oi each year, in&tead of the first Monday of De-
cember,
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
adjourn. -
Mr. DRUM. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HILLYER. If the House nowadjoums,
what will be the position of my motion £
The SPEAKER. It will come up as the first
business in order on Monday next.
Mr. DRUM. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hamil-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to, and there-
upon the House (at twenty minutes before four
o'clock) adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 13, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Frederick
Demo, an invalid pensioner, of Jefferson, Ohio,
praying to be allowed an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition ofOakley H. Wright, of Rens-
selaer, Indiana, praying to be allowed a pension
and one hundred and sixty acres of land, for ser-
vices rendered in the war with Algiers, and in the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Raymond Williams, of
Lake county, Indiana, an invalid of the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of M. H.
Beaver and sixty-eight other citizens of Missis-
sippi, praying for a mail route from Beaver Dam
and Maxviile, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FOOT' presented a petition of citizens of
Burlington, Vermont, praying an appropriation
for the purchase of a site, and the erection of a
building for a custom-house and post office at that
place; which was leferred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Jane
A. Brower,widow of Charles B. Brower, deceased,
praying a pension for the services of her husband
in the Mexican war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of A. S. Bender, praying com-
pensation for his services as superintendent of the
United States lead mines of the Upper Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of Adolphus Allen, praying
the extension of his patent for a water-wheel;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, the petition of Anne Royal!, widow of
Captain William Royall, of the Revolutionary
Army, praying that she may be allowed and paid
interest on the amount due her late husband, or
for some other relief; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Adam D. Steuart and
others, officers of the United States Army, praying
to be compensated for extra services performed
by them in Mexico, during the late war with that
Republic; which was referred'to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of Jesse D.
Carr, sutler to the second regiment of Tennessee
volunteers, in the late war with Mexico, praying
indemnity for properly destioyed by the enemy;
which was refeired to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. P£',ARCE presented the petition of James
H Smith and Charles Stevens, praying indemni-
ty for the loss of schooner DrumscaJe and car^o,
wrecked at the mouth of the Patapsco river by
striking upon submerged iron piles placed there
by the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Charles Parsons, of Louisiana, praying the issue
of a register to the brig Amelia, under the name
of Abby Frances; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of owners and occupants of
lands lying within the Bastrop grant, Louisiana,
