1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <JLOB£.
2287
Indians, who are entitled to an interest therein,
for the tract of land lying on the west side of
Lake Pepin and the Mississippi river, in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, which was set apart and
granted for their use and benefit, by the .ninth ar-
ticle of the treaty of Prairie du Chien, of the fif-
teenth day of July, one thousand eight hundred
and thirty; and for that purpose he is hereby au-
thorized to cause to be issued to said persons, on
the execution by them, or by the legal represent-
atives of such as may be minors, of a full and
complete relinquishment by them to the United
States of all their right, title, and interest, accord-
ing to such form as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner of the'General Land Office, in and
to said tract of land or reservation, certificates or
scrip for the same amount of land to which each
individual would be entitled in case of a division
of the said grant or reservation pro rata among
the claimants—which said certificates or scrip
may be located upon any of the lands within said
reservation not now occupied by actual and bona
fide settlers of the half-breeds or mixed-bloods, or
such other persons as have gone into said Terri-
tory by authority of law, or upon any other un-
occupied lands subject to preemption or private
sale, or upon any other unsurveyed lands, not
reserved by Government, upon which they have
respectively made improvements: Provided, That
said certificates or scrip shall not embrace more
than six hundred and forty, nor less than forty
acres each, and provided that the same shall be
equally apportioned, as nearly as practicable,
among those entitled to an interest in said reser-
vation: And provided faither, That no transfer or
conveyance of anyof said certificates or scrip shall
be valid.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to
be ascertained the number and names of the half-
breeds or mixed-bloods who are entitled to parti-
cipate in the benefits of the said grant or reserva-
tion as aforesaid, before the issue of the certificates
or scrip provided for in the preceding section.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, the President is au-
thorized to have the lands within the said reserve
surveyed and exposed to public sale at the land
offices for the districts in which said lands may
lie, according to the boundaries of the several land
districts recently established by Congress, in the
same manner as other public lands.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Peblic, XXXVII.—An Act to amend the act ap-
proved September twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and fifty,to create the Office of Surveyor General of
the Public Lands in Oregon, etc., rmd also the act
amendatory thereof, approved February nineteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty three.
Be it enacted hj the Senate and House of Rcpre- ,
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress j
assembled, That the donations hereafter to be surr
veyed m Oregon and Washington Territories, I
claimed under any of the provisions of the act to J
create the office of surveyor general of the public
lands in Oregon, etc., approved September twenty- j
seven, eighteen hundred and fifty, shall in no case
include a town site, or lands settled upon for pur-
poses of business or trade, and not for agriculture;
and all legal subdivisions included in whole-orin
part in such town sites, or settled upon for pur-
* poses of business or trade, and not for agriculture,
shall be subject to the operations of the act of
May twenty-three, eighteen hundred and forty-
four, "for the relief of citizens of towns upon
lands of the United States, under certain circum-
stances," whether such settlements were made
before or after the surveys: Provided, however,
That the period of two years occupaney required
of settlers before they can purchase the lands
claimed by them under the provisions of the first
section of the act of February fourteen, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, above mentioned, shall
be, and the same is hereby, reduced to one year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
viso to the fourth section of the act of twenty-
seventh September, eighteen hundred and fifty,
above mentioned, by which all contracts for the
sale of lands claimed under that law, before the
issue of the patents therefor, are declared void,
shall be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Pro-
vided, That no sale shall be deemed valid, unless
the vendor shall have resided four years upon the
land.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the pre-
emption privilege granted by the act of the fourth
of September, eighteen hundred and forty-one,
shall be, and the same is hereby, extended to the
lands in Oregon and Washington Territories,
whether surveyed or unsurveyed, not rightfully
claimed, entered, or reserved, under the provisions
of this act, or the acts of which it is amendatory,
nor excluded by the terms of the said act of eigh-
teen hundred and forty-one, with the exception of
unsurveyed lands as above mentioned; and all
settlers on unsurveyed lands m said Territories
shall give notice to the surveyor general, or other
duly authorized officer, of the particular tract
claimed under this section, within six months after
the survey of such lands is made and returned.
And all persons claiming donations under this act,
or the acts of which it is amendatory, shall in like
manner give notice to the surveyor general, or I
other duly authorized officer, of the particular
lands claimed as such donations, within thirty
days after being requested to do so by such offi-
cer; and failing such notice in either case, the claim-
ant or claimants shall forfeit all right and claim
thereto: Provided, however, That the time limited
by the sixth section of the act of eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, in which claimants under the
act of eighteen hundred and fifty are required to
give notice of their claims, shall be, and the same
is hereby, extended to the first of December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, except m cases where
the surveyor general shall request them so to do,
as above provided.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu
of the two townships of land granted to the Ter-
ritory of Oregon by the tenth section of the act of
eighteen hundred and fifty, for universities, there
shall be reserved to each of the Territories of
Washington and Oregon two townships of land
of thirty-six sections each, to be selected in legal j
subdivisions, for university purposes, under the !
direction of the Legislatures of said Territories, !
respectively. i
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in any
1 case where orphans have been, or may be, left in
j either of the said Territories, whose parents, or
i either of them, if living, would have been entitled
| to a donation under this act, or either of those of
which it is amendatory, said orphans shall be
entitled to a quarter section of land on due proof
being made to the satisfaction of the surveyor
general, subject to the decision of the'Secretary of
the Interior. Said land to be Set off to them by
the surveyor general in good agricultural land,
not reserved, or otherwise appropriated, under
any law of Congress; and, in case of the death of
either, or any of &aid orphans, after their lands
shall have been designated by the surveyor gen-
eral, the right or rights of the deceased shall vest
in the survivor or survivors.
Sec. 6 Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the
provisions of this act, and the acts of which it is
amendatory, shall be extended to all the lands in
Oregon find Washington Territories; and, for the
purpose of carrying said acts into effect in said
Territories, the President shall be, and he is here-
by, authorized to appoint a register and receiver
for each of said Territories, whose powers, duties,
obligations,and responsibilities, shall be thesame
as are now prescribed by law for other land offi-
cers and for the surveyor general of Oregon, so
far as they apply to such officers. They shall
keep their offices at such place as the President
shall, from time to time, direct; and their com-
pensation shall be twenty-five hundred dollars
each per annum, and office rent; but they shall
be entitled to no fees, or other emoluments of any
kind whatsoever, except the receiver's actual and
necessary expenses in depositing; and, on satis-
factory proof that either of said officers, or any
other officer, has charged or received fees, or other
rewards not authorized by law, he shall be forth-
with removed from office.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Ter-
ritory of Washington shall be erected into a sep-
arate surveying district, and the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to appoint a
surveyor general for the same, who shall hold his
office at such place as the President may direct,
and the location thereof may be changed from
time to time, if, in the judgment of the President,
the public interest should require it, and the pow-
ers, duties, obligations, responsibilities, and emol-
uments of the said surveyor,general .shall be the
same as are now prescribed by law for the sur-
veyor general of Oregon.
Approved, July 17,1854.
Public, ^^^Vlll.-^AnActjnakingfuriMer Appro-
priations for continuing the Construction of Roads
in the Territory of Minnesota, in accordance with
the estimates made by the War Department,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums of money be,
and they are hereby, appropriated for continuing
the construction of roads in the Territory of Min-
nesota, to wit:
For the continuation of the road from Point
Douglas, on the Mississippi river, to the mouth of
the St. Louis river, of Lake Superior, in Wis-
consin, twenty thousand dollars.
For #ie continuation of the road from Point
Douglas to Fort Gaines, now Fort Ripley, tea
thousand dollars.
For the continuation of the road from the mouth
of Swan river to the W mnebago agency, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the continuation of the road from Waba-
shaw to Mendota, fifteen thousand dollars.
The continuation of the construction of said
roads to be made under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War, pursuant to contracts to be made
by htm, or under his direction: Provided, That so
much of any former acts as require the first-men-
tioned road to terminate at the falls or rapids of
said St. Louis river, are hereby repealed.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Public, XXX(X.—Jin Act to refund to the Ter-
ritory of Utah the Expenses incurred by said Terri-
tory in supjrressing Indian Hostilities.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the'Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to examine into
and ascertain theamountof expenses incurred by
the said Territory in the suppression of Indian
hostilities within said Territory during the years
eighteen hundred and fifty and eighteen hundred
and fifty-one; and that the amount of such ex-
penses, when so ascertained, be paid into the
Treasury of said Territory: Provided, That the
sum so paid shall not exceed m amount twenty
thousand nine hundred and forty dollars and six-
ty-five cents, which amount is hfereby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Public, XL.—An Act to authonze the Secretary of
War to settle and adjust the Expenses of the Rogue
River Indian War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to adjust and
settle, on just and equitable principles, all claims
forservices rendered m the late war with the Rogue
River Indians in Oregon—known as the Rogue
River war—according to the muster-rolls of the
same; also for subsistence, forage, medical stores,
and expenditures, as well as for any other neces-
sary and proper supplies furnished for the prose-
cution of said war; and that, on such adjustment,
be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Public, XLI.—An Act to Incoiporate the George-
town Gas-Light Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That David English, Robert P. Dodge,
Richard Cruikshank, William M. Fitzhugh,
Richard Pettit, William F. Seymour, Adolphus
H. Pickrell, and William Bucknell, and their pres-
ent and future associates, are hereby declared to
be a body-politic and corporate, by the name and
style of " TheGeorgetown Gas-Light Company,f*
and by the same name shall have perpetual suc-
cession, and shall be able to sue and be sued, plead
and be impleaded, in all courts of law and equity
in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; to make
and have a common seal, and the same to break,
