1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
Mr, HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. COBB. Let us call the committees for
reports, and we shall get to it directly.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to make the report
merely that it may be printed. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot do it.
Mr. RUSSELL, by unanimous consent, and
fn pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands:
A bill to extend the benefits of an act entitled
" An act granting bounty lands to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," approved September
28, 1850; and of an act entitled " An act to make
bounty land warrants assignable, and for other
purposes," approved March 22, 1852, to those
officers and soldiers who served twenty days, ac-
cording to the provisions of said act.
Mr. COBB, f call for the regular order of
busm 6ss
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, (Mr. Giddings,] a few days since. If it is
the pleasure of the House to postpone further the
consideration of that proposition, then the con-
sideration of the report made by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] is first in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the question
upon the first resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
"Whereas, A, O. P. Nicholson, E^q., printer of this
body, ami editor and proprietor of lho Washington Union,
in his paper of this morning, has published an article most
evidently designed to excite unlawful violence upon mem-
bers o'f this body : Therefore,
u Resolved, That the said A. O. P. Nicholson, and all
other persons connected with the Washington Union, be
expelled from this Hall."
The SPEAKER. The pending moLion is to i
iay the resolution upon the table; and upon that !
motion the yeas and nays have been ordered. !
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 desire to modify the res- j
ohition by striking out the words, 4,1 and att other i
persons connected wrth the Washington Union," !
so that it shall refer only to A. 0. P. Nicholson, i
the editor. |
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has no right 1
to modify it. " |
Mr. CAMPBELL. It evidently is still within j
his control. I
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to i
lay upon the table, and the previous question has ;
not been ordered. I
Mr. HENN. I inquireof the Chair if the gen- j
tleman has the right to modify his resolution? j
The SPEAKER. He has, as there has been!
no action upon it, further than ordering the yeas j
and nays. j
Mr. HENN. I understand that the previous .
question has been ordered. ;
The SPEAKER, ft has not been ordered. j
The question was then taken on the motion to I
Jay the resolution on the table; and it was decided >
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 32; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Aikon, James (\ Allen, Willi'; Allon,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barry, Belcher, Boeoek, Boycc, ,
Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Caruther*, Oa^kie, Chmcliwell,
Clark, (Jitiigtnnrt, Cobb, Colquut, Cook, Cox, John G. Da-
vis, Dawson, Dent, ilrnm, Dunbar, Dunham, EdimnuUon, j
Ellison, Kn<jli-h, Florence, Fuller, (Jamble, Goode, Green- |
wood, Hamilton, ffa^tin^, Hc.rxlricks Henn, Hill, Hillyer,
Houston, Hunt, hi^ersod, Joiin.-on, George W. Jones, i
Kidwell, Kurtz, l.amb, Latham, Letcher, JLindlev, Mac- I
doriald, MeDoiijjali, McAIullin, Macy, May, John <i. Mil- ]
ler, Smith Miller, Million, Munay, NiohoK Olds, Orr, !
Peek, Phelpf, Powell, Pteston, Puryear, Ready, Ree«e,
Iltddle, Thomas Ritchey, Rohbins, Rulfin, Seward, Shan- 1
non, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A Smith, William I
Smith, William 11. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick 1*. j
Siantnn, Richard H. Stanton, lie-tor L. Stevens, David ;
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G Tay-
lor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walbudge, Walker, Well's,
Westbrook, Wiue, and Daniel B Wright—100.
NAYS—Me^rs. Appleton, Ball, Benson, Campbell,
Carpenter, ('handler, Corwni, Crocker, Dick, EdmamN, |
Thorn,t D. Eliot, Everhart, Goodrich, Aaion Harlan, ila- t
ven, Howe, Knox, Morgan, Norton, J'arker, Pungle, David j
Ritchie,Itu^sell, Sabm, Sage, Gernt Stmrh, Tracy, Upham, j
Wailey, Israel Washburn, Tappau Wentworth, and 1
Yates? - -31. j
So the resolution was laid upon the table. j
TREASURER'S REPORT ON BANKS. j
The question then recurred upon the following 1
resolution, reported by Mr, Stanton, of Ken-
lucky, from the Committee on Printing: |j
Resolved, That one thousand five hundred extra copics U
of the annual report of the Secretary of tbe Treasury, on
the condition of the banks of the United States, coiwRum-
catud to the House of R.epresenta'ives on the Istinstant, be
printed tor the use of the Treasury Department.
An amendment was pending to add at the end
of the resolution the words—
Provided, Thai; nothing herein contained shafl be so con-
strued as to authorize any charge for second composition.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to debate the
resolution at all, but it strikes me that the proviso
to the resolution is in conflict with the law which
was passed a few days ago. The law was, that
the printer of each House should have pay for
composition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is reminded by
the Clerk that the pending motion is to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 did not intend to express any
opinion upon the merits of this resolution, but ft
seemed to me that ihat*proviso was in violation
of the section of a deficiency bill which we passed
the other day, in reference to the printers of the
two Houses.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from New York will permit me to say that
that proviso will have no effect in the presentcase.
The work has not yet been commenced, and,
therefore, no expense has yet been incurred for
composition,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state to the
gentleman from New York that that proviso was
attached because the primer of the House had
been ordered to do this work; ami if the form had
been distributed, the work was not to be repub-
lished.
Mr. STANTON. I will state that the work
has not been commenced, and therefore no extra
expense will be incurred for composition.
The question was taken;and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment; and being taken, it was
adopted.
The question waa then taken upon the resolu-
tion, as amended, and it was adopted.
RECEPTION OF REPORTS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I was acci-
1 dentally absent from the Hou.se on Saturday on
business at one of the Departments, when the
committees were called for reports; I have a
report from the select committee appointed in^jref-
erence to employing military officers upon civil
works. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to make the report, merely for the purpose
of having it printed and referred.
Mr. ORR. Wili it give rise to debate?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not. I merely
wish to have it referred and printed.
There being no objection,
Mr. S. repotted a bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title, as follows, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union, and, with the report, ordered to be printed:
A bill to restore the civil superintendence at the
national armories.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I understand that the
gentleman from Alabama withdraws his objection
to the report which I desired to make; I therefore
propose to present it now.
Mr. COBB. Certainly, I withdraw my objec-
tion. I should not have objected at all if I had
known the gentleman's object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to know what the
gentleman's object is.
Mr. TAYLOR.. Simply to have it referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 have been anxious to make it for some
time.
There being no objection,
The following bill was received, read a first and
second tune by us tttie, as follows, referred to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
purchase of the proprietor the building now m the
occupancy of the Government, situated at the cor-
ner of Seventeenth and F streets, in the city of
Washington.
Mr. HENN. I now call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will con-
sider objection as having been made to all further j
propositions for unanimous consent of the House, i
Mi. ETI1ERIDGE. I wish to state to the I
House that I was not m my seat on last Saturday,
when, I understand,some reports were presented
from the Committee on Military Affairs. If I
had been here, I should have presented several
Senate bills and reports, which T had then in my
drawer. I have no personal interest in any of
these bills; but it is perhaps due to the parties who
are interested in them that J should ask the con-
sent of the House to have them referred and
printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to say that I am
in the same situation, and that I desire to have
the same indulgence extended to me.
There being no objection,
Mr. ETHERIBGE,. fsom the Committee or>
Military Affairs, reported back bills, with the
recommendation that they do pass; which were
severally read a first and second time by their titles,
as follows, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill to provide for three months' extra pay to
the third regiment of Missouri volunteers}
A bill for the relief of Charles A. Wilgus;
Senate bill (No, 229) for the relief of Thomas
S. Russell; and
Senate bill (No. 3#8) for the relief of A. G,
Bjennett.
Mr, FLORENCE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back bills of the following
titles, with the recommendation that they do pass^
which were severally referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed;
Senate bill (No. 144') for the relief of Purser
T. P, McBlair; and
Senate bill (No. 35) for the relief of M. K-
Warrington and C. St. J. Chubb, executors of
Captain Lewis Warrington and others.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I ask that it now
begin.
The SPEAKER, B-y unanimous consent, she
House agreed that the several gentlemen who in-
dicated their purpose to do so might make reports
from committees, and the Chair has been acting
upon that order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make no objection to re-
ceiving the reports referred to. I yielded my
assent to the proposition when made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is now merely
acting under the order of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to do so a8
this time.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported adversely on the petitions of
Charles A. Grigoon and Joshua YandrufF; which
were laid upon the table, and., with the accompa-
nying reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported back Senate bill No. 224, entitled
" An act for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of
the day for to-morrow, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be piinted.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House for consideration is a biU of the following
title: "A bill granting lands equally to the several
States to aid in the construction of railroads and
for the support of schools." If the Chair recol-
lects correctly, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hamilton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. The consideration of that
bill was postponed for four weeks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right, and
the time to which the bill was postponed has not
yet arrived. The question then first before the
House for consideration is a bill of the following
title:
PAY OF DEPUTY POSTMASTERS.
A bill further to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce and modify the rates of postage in the Uni-
ted States, and for othei purposes/'passed March
3, 1851, and an act amendatory thereto, passed
March 3, 1852. There is a motion pending to
amend the bill.
