672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17.
the country: Is it well, is it prudent, is it wise,
is it economical in this Administration, or in any
Administration, that one anil a half millions of
■dollars—because that will be the effect of the
amendment, if adopted—should be appropriated
for the establishment of an assay office in the city
of New York, when the parent Mint at Philadel-
phia, competent to do all the business required,
cost but a quarter of a million of dollars, and is
now but partially employed?
.Theremay be good reasons why this committee
should consider earnestly, and respectfully the
•statement of my honorable friend, [Mr. Breck-
inridge,] the member of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It is important that this committee
should behave with becoming dignity to the Sec-
retary of (he Treasury; and 1 impute no improper
motive to-him, nor do 1 impute any improper mo-
tives to the Committee of "Ways and Means. I
•believe that the committee considered themselves
as warranted in introducing this amendment into
•the bill; and it may be exceedingly important for
the friends of the bill, the friends of the Adminis-
tration, and especially those gentlemen who have
professed so much sympathy and so high a sense
of justice towards the laborers engaged here upon
the Capitol extension, and the employees of the
Government generally, to know how far they may
•endanger the success of the bill by suffering an
amendment to remain in itso momentousin its con-
sequences; involving, as it does, an appropriation
of more than half a million of dollars made, under
circumstances exceedingly doubtful, and which
ought to be made the subject of special legislation
here. 1 repeat what I said at the commencement
of my remarks, that this is an important measure.
It is said that this Administration desires to collect
the revenues of the country with the greatest re-
gard for economy, and I do them justice in say-
ing that I believe them to be sincere in this; but
remember if this is to furnish, in the slightest de-
gree, extra additional pay for employees, and those
engaged m the collection of the revenue, let it be
charged to that account, and not to the account of
the assay office. Let it be placed upon its own
basis, that we may have no special or indirect
pleading in legislation. I do not charge this upon
the committee, because I believe they are per-
fectly sincere in what they have recommended.
There is another word which I desire to say in
this connection, and it is this: My honorable
friend from New York, [Mr. Walbridge,] for
whom I have a personal regard, 1 think is some-
what mistaken m the position he took upon this
subject. I desire here to make a remark in refer-
ence to the argument of my friend from Virginia,
{Mr. Bayly.] lie proposed that we should ab-
rogate the contract in relation to the purchase of
these buildings. If it be true—and I have no
reason to doubt the word of the gentleman, be-
cause 1 know he is competent to judge—that this
purchase might be considered as a business oper-
ation, an exceedingly advantageous and profitable
transaction, then there can be no difficulty about
■changing the nature of the lease, or it may be
«ellins out for a very handsome premium. 1 will
say tlits, and I say it with a particular knowledge
of what I am saying, because I have some little
acquaintance with the geography of New York,
that one tenth part of the sum in question will
purchase a lot three times as large as the one in-
volved in the contract, and which will be no fur-
ther front the business center of the city than the
present Mint is from the business of Philadel-
phia 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to strike out the
words "five hundred and thirty thousand dol-
lars," and insert the wgrd <( two."
The gentleman from New Yoi K, when I last had
the floor, asked me if I voted for this assay office.
I tell him emphatically that I did not. I struggled
as hard as any individual could upon this floor,
on the last night of the second session of the
Thirty-Second Congress, to defeat it;and I assure
him if others had used the same zeal and industry
which I then did,it never would have had an ex-
istence—but ietby-gones be by-gones. I have no
griefs to express. 441 come to bury Cscsar, not to
praise him." When this subject of the establish-
ment of an assay office in New York, or rather
"the branch Mint—for it is, in fact, the same thing
—was under consideration during the last moments
of the last session of Congress, to show that an
extravagant appropriation was not anticipated for
that purpose, it will be recollected by ail 
Mr. HUBBARD. I call the gentleman to order.
There is an amendment pending..
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 only wish to state facts,
which I fear the gentleman does not relish.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn,-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] is not in order, and
must take his seat.
[Loud cries of 44 Gluestion !" " (Question !"]
The amendment was again reported.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, sir, after this inter-
ruption, my five minutes begin, 1 suppose? [Laugh-
ter.] I ask that the committee will indulge me a
little upon this occasion, for 1 propose to vindicate
the truth of congressional history, and show strong
reasons why thisappropriation should not be made.
I shall do that, if gentlemen will permit me to in-
dulge in a pretty large latitude of debate; if not, I
may as well take my seat 
[Cries of "Go on !" " Go on!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, to resume. I am
opposed to this proposition, as a matter of econ-
omy, which has been so strongly urged as a. rea-
son why the appropriation of $.530,000 ought to
pass, and 1 hope I may be considered in order in
speaking to that point. We are seriously and
gravely told that the Secretary of the Treasury
has made an economical contract for leasing this
property, at the rate of $53,000 a year for a period
of fifteen years, making in the whole period, if I
recollect the gentleman's statement,for I have not
madethecalculation myself, the sum of §795,000, as
the sum which will have been expended when the
ease shall have terminated, and has secured the
privilege of buying it in fee-simple for $530,000.
I am compelled to candidly acknowledge that I,
at least, cannot understand the principle of econo-
my involved in this transaction, nor do I exactly
understand how other gentlemen can. Hence I
am in favor of striking out this appropriation, and
at this time of only making provision for the pay-
ment of the rent merely, because if we are to con-
tinue the assay office in New York the expense,
in addition to the $53,000 every year for carrying
iton, will amount to the large sum of $174,000, or
thereabouts, making in fifteen years an expendi-
ture of $2,500,00(1. Now, I do not think this is
a measure of economy much to be applauded. It
would be, however, wise and economical to pay
this sum of $53,000 to the Rank of Commerce, or
Bank of New York, shut up the building, pay for
the transportation of the bullion to Philadelphia,
have the gold assayed and refined there, and still
the Government would be largely the gainer by
the operation.
Mr. WALKER. 1 would like to know how
the gentleman makes out that the Government
would be a gainer by such a course ?
Mr. FLORENCE. If I have time I will ex-
plain to the gentleman.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the gentleman 'will
explain, because I dispute the assertion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will, more clearly, if the
gentleman is notconvinced; but before I do so I de-
sire to say a word to my friend from New York,
[Mr. Walbridre,] who advocated the passage of
this appropriation, upon the ground, that if the
Government made provision for the puichase of
this property, they could sell it at the end of fifteen
years, and get $1,000,000 more than we now pro-
pose by this bill to give for it. Now, sir, I do not
agree with the gentleman, that it is proper, nor is
it the province of this Government, to enter into
the real estate business; but if we are to enter upon
such a speculation it would be better to sell the
property at once, or rent it out at an advance, and
get a percentage upon it; because you would there-
by obviate the necessity of paying the rent, and you
would save, besides, the large sum of $530,000,
j which this provision proposes to appropriate. If
the gentleman will introduce such an amendment
1 do not know but I would vote for it; because it
would be really a matter of economy for us to
pursue such a course, and have the gold bullion
transported to Philadelphia for assaying, refining,
and coining, the cost of which, I believe, will not
be more than $15,000 per annum, or certainly not
more than $30',000 per annum, according to the
declaration of gentlemen upon this floor who ad-
vocated the establishment of a branch Mint in
New York, as may be seen by referring to the
debates, which my time will not now enable me to
read, but which I may do at some future period
in this debate. I hope the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Walker] is answered; but if he is not,
1 will proceed 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imove that
the committee do now rise.
[Cries of " No 1" 44 No !" and 44 Withdraw the
motion 1"]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am satisfied that it will
be impossible for us to come to a final vote upon
the bill to-day, and I insist upon the motion.
The question was taken, and upon a division,
there were—ayes 75, noes 90.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PRESTON. I hope we shall take a vote
now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman 
[Loud cries of " Question !" 44 Question !"1
Mr. JONES. Very well, gentlemen, my five
minutes do not commence until you have done
crying 44 question," and I do not want to occupy
five minutes either.
Several MeSibers. " Go on !" " Go on !"
Mr. JONES. As one member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to strike out this appropriation, because I think it
is the true policy of the Government to pay this
money.
I, sir, voted against the custom-house appropri-
ations, because I believed that enough had been
appropriated to erect buildings adequate to all the
wants of the country, in the several localities. I
voted against them as amendments to this defi-
ciency bill, and I will vote against them by them-
selves or in any other bill.
I believe, sir, that, in this case, the Secretary of
the Treasury, with just authority of law enough
to give color of legality to the transaction he has
entered into with these banks, has gotten us mto
this difficulty, and that the cheapest, quickest, best,
and most economical way is to buy out of it. The
authority given him was to procure, by rent, lease,
or otherwise, a suitable building for the assay office
in the city of New York. It is not pretended, I
believe, that all this property which he has leased
with a conditional right to purchase, is necessary
for the assay office. The act of the Secretary has
sufficient authority, in my opinion, to bind the
Government, if it would not an individual; and
that being the case, i wish to pass this appropria-
tion and to get out of the difficulty in the best way
we can. Even if it is the policy of the Govern-
ment to void the lease altogether, I think we can
get out of the difficulty with less cost by a pur-
chase of the property, under all the circumstances.
A good many gentlemen here object to this ap-
propriation upon the ground that it is not a defi-
ciency. Sir, it is not a deficiency, nor is it a reg-
ular annual appropriation. Once passed, itisdone
with forever; and if you intend to pass it, the
sooner you do it the better; if you intend to make
the purchase, the sooner you stop the interest the
better; which is certainly sound policy when you
• are buying up your stock at twenty-one per centum
| premium. Void or cancel this, lease by the pay-
| ment of $530,000, and thereby stop the accruing
mtei est at six per centum.
• The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, i respectfully appeal
to the committee, as we have exhausted the whole
subject, to let us take vote on the amendment.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton
of Tennessee, and Harris of Alabama, were
appointed.
The questioirwas then taken on the amendment
> of Mr. Preston; and it was agreed to, the tellers
: having reported—ayes 91, noes 59.
Mr. PRESTON. I move that the committee do
| now rise.
| Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, There is no other
contested point in the bill pending. Let the com-
mittee rise and report the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Hughes were appointed tellers.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order, Mr. Chair-
man, to amend the proposition now?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
