1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*24#
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the sup-
plements! treaty of the twenty-'fourth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, one thou-
sand dollars.
For lite annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the private
article of supplemental treaty of the twenty-fourth
iif September, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
to the treaty of the third of October, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chief, stipulated in the sup-
j lemenfal article to the treaty of the twenty-sixth
of October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, one
hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the sixth article of the
treaty of the third of October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty
of tine third of October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, for education,
stipulated in resolution of the Senate of the nine-
teenth of January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, two thousand three hundred and four dol-
lars.
Florida Indians, or Seminoles.
For eleventh of fifteen installments in goods,
stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty of the
fourth of January, eighteen hundred and forty-
five, two thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifteen installments in money,
stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty of the
fourth of January, eighteen hundred and forty-
five, and fourth article of the treaty of the ninth
of May, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
two, three thousand dollars.
Iowas.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars, at five per centum,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
nineteenth ofOctober,eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, seven thousand eight hundred and seventy-
five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollarsat
five per centum, stipulated in the second article of
the treaty of the fourteenth of January, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Miamies.
For permanent'anmiity, stipulated in thefourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-third of October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty
of the sixth of October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty of
the sixth of October, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for pay of miller in
lieu of gunsmith, stipulated in the fifth article of
the treaty of the sixth of October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, and the fifth article of the treaty
of the twenty-fourth of October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, six hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments in money,
-stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-eighth of November, eighteen hundred and
foity, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for payment in lieu of
laborers, stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty
of the twenty-eighth of November, eighteen hun-
dred and forty, two hundred and fifty dollars.
For permanent provision for agricultural assist-
ance, stipulated in" the fifth article of the treaty of
the sixth of October, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, two hundred dollars.
Eel Rivers, (Miamies.)
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the third of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the twenty-first of August,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty
dollars. .
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and nine, three hundred and
fifty dollars.
Menomonces.
For nineteenth of twenty installments as an-
nuity, in money, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the third of September, eighteen
hundred and-thirty-six, twenty thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for two
blacksmiths and assistants, stipulated in the sec-
ond article of-the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for iron
and steel for shops, stipulated in the second arti-
cle of the treaty of the third of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-six, four hundred and
forty dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of two thousand pounds of tobacco, stip-
ulated in the second.article of the treaty of the
third of September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six, four hundred dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for farm-
ing utensils and cattle, stipulated m the second
article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen htindred and thirty-six, five hundred dol-
lars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for thirty
barrels of salt, stipulated 111 the second article of
the treaty of the third of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
For third of fifteen installments for pay of miller,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
eighteenth ofOctober, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, six hundred dollars.
Navajos.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Nava-
jos, pursuant to the requirements of the tenth
article of the treaty of September ninth, eighteen
hundred and forty-nine, five thousand dollars.
Omahas.
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For iron and steel for shops, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For fulfilling the stipulations contained in the
fifth article of the treaty of the sixteenth of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, forty-one thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying and marking the boundary of
the reservation of land stipulated in the first arti-
cle of the treaty of the sixteenth of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.
. For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For iron and steel for shop,during tne pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty, two hundred and twenty
dollars. . .
For fulfilling the stipulations contained m the
fifth article of the treaty of the fifteenth of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty thousand
dollars.
For surveying and marking the boundary of
the reservation of land stipulated m the first article
of the-treaty of the fifteenth of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eight hundred dollars.
Oltowas. j i
For permanent annuity, stipulated in thefourth
article of the treaty of the third of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol- ij
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second '
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seven, eight hundred
dollars.
- For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Septem-
ber', eighteen hundred and eighteen, one thousand
; five hundred dollars.
i For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
j article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of August,
; eighteen hundred and twenty-one, one thousand
■ dollars.
! Ottowas and Chippeivas.
: For the last of twenty installments in money,
j stipulated in thefourth article of the treaty of the
'j twenty-eighth day of March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six, thirty thousand dollars.
For interest to be paid as annuity,-on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at six percent, per annum,
stipulated in the resolution of the Senate of the
. twentieth of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-
| six, twelve thousand dollars.
|| For education for twenty years, and during the
il pleasure of Congress, stipulated in the fourth
!i articleofthe treaty of the twenty-eighth of March,
!; eighteen hundred and thirty-six, five thousand
dollars.
! For missions for twenty years, and during the
; pleasure of Congress, stipulated in the fourth ar-
j tide of-the treaty of the twenty-eighth of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, three thousand
•[ dollars.
I, For vaccine matter, medicines, and pay of phy-
|j sicians, so long as the Indians remain on their res-
nervations, stipulated in the fourth articleofthe
j! treaty of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen
' hundred and thirty-six, three hundred dollars,
ji For the last of twenty installments, for the pur-
!: chase of provisions, stipulated in the fourth arti-
!| cle of the treaty of the twenty-eighth o[ March,
|! eighteen hundred and thirty-six, two thousand
ji dollais.
!' For the last of twenty installments for the pur-
j| chase of six thousand five hundred pounds of
i1 tobacco, stipulated in thefourth article of thetrenty
| of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen hundred -
| and thirty-six, one thousand one hundred and
I seventy dollars.
For the last of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of one hundred barrels of salt, stipulated in
< the fourth article of thetreaty of the twenty-eighth
i of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, two
| hundred dollars.
I For the last of twenty installments for the pur-
i chase of five hundred fish barrels, stipulated in
I the fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth
! of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, four
!i hundred dollars.
> For three blacksmiths for twenty years, and
i during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated in
i the seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-
| eighth of March,eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars,
j For iron and steel for shop for twenty years,
; and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated
I in the seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-
; eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty.
> six, six hundred and sixty dollars.
• For gunsmith for shop for twenty years, and
during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated in the
i seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth
I of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, six
i, hundred dollars.
r For iron and steel for shop for twenty years,
1 and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated in
i the seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-
!■ eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-sxx,
!' two hundred and twenty dollars. _
i! For two farmers and assistants, during the
ji pleasure of the President, stipulated in the seventh
i '■ article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of March,
'j eighteen hundred and thirty-six, one thousand six
j: hundred dollars. .
II For two mechanics, during the pleasure of the
ii President, stipulated in the seventh article of the
H treaty of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen
|i hundred and thirty-six, one thousand two hun-
ij dred dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments as an-
nuity, stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of the eleventh of January, eighteen hundred ana
thirty-nine, twenty thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty iustelltticflts for two
