1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
the Postmaster General is to have an unlimited
discretion over the public funds of his office, and
may give these distributing gentlemen any sum
he pleases.
As I said before, the machinery for disposing
of these poor Whig postmasters who had been
quietly discharged from that date, without un-
limited extra compensation from 1851 to 1853, the
machinery, sir, for taking off their heads was well
oiled, sharpened, and putin operation by the 31st
of March, 1853, and inasmuch as heads began to
fall then under its operation, my friend will ex-
cuse me if I say, for no other reason on earth, but
that it was fixed as the time when this unlimited
extra compensation should begin.
Now, as to the question of the consistency of
the gentleman, there are a few other words which
I wish to say for his benefit. My friend says
that we reduced the compensation of postmasters
last session. Now, I repeat, I have not the
proper information to enable me to say whether
their compensation was reduced or not. I know
a bill was passed, and became a law on the 3d of
March, 1853. I thought it did not reduce the
compensation, but of that I am not quite sure.
But I do know that after the close of last session,
this compensation was not as high as this bill of
the gentleman fixes it. The same chairman of
the same committee, who, on the 3d day of March,
1853, came into this House, and persuaded the
House to cut down that compensation, if that hill
did cut it down, now come? to the House and
asks to put it back again; nay, sir, not to put it
#back again, but, as I shall show to the House, to
give a larger percentage—a greatly increased com-
pensation. Yes, sir, it is much increased under
this bill without reference to the increased rates
of postage provided for by the other bill reported
by the gentleman.
Now, Mr. Speaker, by the act of March 3,
1853, the compensation to postmasters per quarter
was placed, on all sums not exceeding #100, at
fifty per cent, where the mail should arrive before
nine o'clock at night, and not until after five next
morning; and making it sixty per cent, where the
mail should arrive in the intermediate time. This
compensation is now put, by this bill of my friend
from Ohio, at sixty per cent, in one instance, and
seventy in the other, giving in each case ten dol-
lars more compensation on every $100 received
by the postmaster. So when the compensation
ranges over $100, and is less than $400 per
quarter by the act of March 3,1853, the percent-
age was fixed at forty; but by the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and which, upon his recom-
mendation and under his auspices, the House
passed, it is raised from forty up to fifty per cent:
On sums over $400, and between that and $2,400
per quarter, it was raised from twenty-five per
cent, up to forty per cent., being: fifteen dollars on
each $100. On all sums over $2,400 per quarter,
I believe the percentage was allowed to remain the
same. Then the commissions on distribution was
raised from ten to twelve und a half per cent.;
and this came from the same committee which is
now asking the House to give the distributing and
•separating postmasters, whom 1 have indicated,
any sum which the Postmaster General is willing
to see them receive, without any limit or restraint
whatever.
Mr. Speaker, that is not all. I propose to go
just a step farther, and see what my friend from
Ohio is doing; for I told the committee, on the oc-
casion of which he complain*, that what we then
had under consideration was not the only diffi-
culty nor the only wrong. 1 said that the gentle-
man from Ohio, havingsucceeded in increasing the
percentage to postmasters on the sums they now
receive, his next step was to introduce a bill for
•the purpose of increasing the rates of postage.
And just in proportion as he increased the rates of
postage, of course he would increase the compen-
sation to postmasters, over and above what they
will get under this bill so increasing their percent-
age. Well, sir, the gentleman told us, and satis-
fied the House, that in this bill under consideia-
tion, increasing compensation, the compensation
which he proposed would be satisfactory this
time to all the postmasters—nobody was to com-
plain after that; even the most hungry postmas-
ter was to be entirely gorged and satisfied: satis-
fied, at least, until my friend could find another
opportunity to persuade the House to give them
another lift.
Now, sir, the object of increasing the postage,
he says, is to make up some two million of dol-
lars deficiency in the revenues of the Post Office
Department. It does not change the rate per
centum of the postmasters, he tells us. Very
well, sir, if it does not, then you give to the post-
masters, under this new bill, increasing the lates
of postage, if it is passed, a percentage again.
Yes, sir, an additional compensation upon the
two millions deficiency, dividing it among them
according to the amount of revenue collected by
each. Now, sir, 1 ask, is not this doing it strong?
Sir, it amounts to more than it may appear to
members of this House upon the first impression.
For instance, take a post office which yields a
revenue of $30U under the present rate of postage,
on which the postmasterreceives sixtypercentum,
if the duties are performed during daylight, and
seventy per centum if in the daik—for I notice
that compensation goes up, with my friend, as
you get m dark places, [laughter;] under this
new bill, increasing the rate of postage from three
to five cents, that post office will yield a revenue
of $500. So that, instead of getting sixty or sev-
enty per centum upon $300, the postmaster will
get his sixty or seventy per centum upon the
increased sum of $500, which the post office yields.
Wellnow, although when I made those remarks
upon the deficiency bill, of which the gentleman
complains, for the puipose of satisfying the House
that it was unjust and improper to increase the
compensation of that mail agent for California, and
although 1 then only glanced at these things inci-
dentally, simply for the purpose of strengthening
my position there, f submit to my friend himself,
[Mr. Olds,] upon a brief review of them here, if
they do not make out a peifect justification, at
least a good, reasonable justification, of what 1
then said?
I do not propose to stop and enter into any ar-
gument with my friend as to whose interest it is
likely to affect, it you increase the rates of postage.
1 am firmly and permanently opposed to an in-
crease of it The gentleman was lather inclined
to be a little facetious upon me because upon that
occasion I alluded to servant girls and servant
men, as those upon whom this increased rate of
postage would bear grievously and heavily, and
he rather intimated that my affection and good
will towards servant girls and servant men would
have been better exhibited if i had gone to him,
instead of taking care of them and their interest on
this floor and in the face of the House. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 have nothing to do with them, which I am
unwilling, sir, to do in the face of the House.
[Laughter ] Can my friend say as much ? Sir,
I know he can, and 1 acquit him of all design to
injure or oppress them.
Now, sir, what I said about servant girls and
servant men on that occasion, 1 deemed very ,
legitimate and proper. My friend behind me from
South Carolina told me, at the time, that I had j
cairied him with me in a part of that reference. :
[Renewed laughter.] But, to be serious, Mr. 1
Speaker, I referred on that occasion to various
classes on whom the change would be a great
burden, and, among others, ( mentioned servant
men and servant girls, as deserving persons, upon
whom this inciease of postage would be a great
burden that their little hard-earned means would
scarcely enable thc-m to support. Sir, I wanted
the committee then to feel that there were other
interests here besides stc^m, and railroad, and cor-
poration interests, and grants ofulteimue sections,
which that legislation might affect unfavorably,
although such other interests could not be heard
upon this floor, or advocated here with such zeal
as the interest of these other classes. And I hope
my friend [Mr. Olds] will not seek, hereafter, to
put forth any improper inuendoes against me, or
* Schistic medGicnthe wind " because I choose to look
to those humble interests, as well as to those of
greater magnitude, whether political or pecuniary.
This is the long and shoit of the v/hole matter.
This bill, in my judgment, ought not to become a
law. The amendment of the Senate is worse than
the bill; and i am opposed to it. 1 desire to say
now all 1 intend to say in reference to the sugges-
tions which the gentleman has made, as to the
course which I took upon the former occasion,
already referred to.
In my judgment, the amendment of the Senate
ought not to be passed by the House. It is an
odious one, take whichever horn of the dilemma
you choose. If it is just, it should extend back
to 1851. If it is unjust, it should not be enacted
at all. I say the amendment ought to be rejected
by the House, and the whole matter should be put
in a shape where we can get at that proviso in
the bill and strike it out, or the bill ought to be
defeated.
I feel that I did not discharge my duty to the
country in not rising to object to this provision
when the bill was first before the House. 1 was
on the point of doing it, and I recollect feeling un-
pleasantly because 1 did not, on leaving the House
on that occasion. But the fact is, Mr. Speaker,
the eloquence of my friend from Ohio quite over-
came, for the time being, my disposition to op-
pose the measure, though my better sense returned
to me as soon as I got into the open air. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, sir, I object to this amendment of the
Senate; and although I do not suppose twenty
men in the House, and perhaps not ten, will stand
by me, yet I will object to it, if necessary, and
oppose it alone. I will vote against it, and will
vote against every proposition of the kind that pro-
poses to make such a discrimination in favor of
the postmasters who have been appointed since
the 31st of March, 1853, and stopping there. It
is an unfair, and unjust, and, I believe, a very im-
proper species of legislation.
First, the House increases the percentage of
the postmasters; next in order, to increase the reve-
nue of the Department sufficiently to meet these in-
creased expenses, they raise the rates of postage,
which has the effect of again increasing the com-
pensation of the postmasters. Well, sir, having
brought the House up to that point—and, really,
there is nothing like training a House when a
great purpose is to.be accomplished—then it is
proposed to go back and give this increased com-
pensation to all the deputy postmasters, from and
after the 3d of Match, 1853, limiting it only by
the limitless discretion of whoever may happen
to be Postmaster General.
Sir, j object to all these propositions, and I object
specially to this third one. I care nothing what-
ever about politics in reference to this matter one
way or theother. I care not whether the discrim-
ination will operate in favor of one party or the
other. I have never allowed myself to be con-
trolled by political considerations in my action
upon measures of general importance. But, sir, I
do object to this Senate amendment for the rea-
sons 1 have stated, and I hope the House will not
concur in it.
Then, again, I desire to call the attention of the
House to another thing. This amendment vesta
in the Postmaster General enlarged, unlimited dis-
cretion, which ought not to be vested in that officer,
with all his multifarious duties. The Senate amend-
ment reads thus:
At page i wo, line twenty, strike out all after the word
<e provided," and insert in lieu theieof a«i follows
That to any postmaster of a distributing office at which
the commissions, allowances, and emoluments, since the
day of March, have been insufficient to defray
the actual and noccssary expenses, and afford the post-
masters the annual compensation derived fiorn commis-
sions at the office before said HOih of Maieh, the Postmas-
ter General may, in Ins discretion, allow quartern fioin the
date aforesaid, out ol the pnttageq collected at any such
oflice, an amount sufficient to supply such deficiency: Pra-
v<\c<1 f talker, That lo any postmaster of a separating office,
at any such office, whose commissions, allowances, and
emoluments may be found insufficient to provide the extra
labor ni'ccssai} lo a prompt and efficient performance of
the duties of separating and dispatching tlie mails passing
through his office, the Postmaster Cieneial may make such
1 qmirteriv allowances out of the postages collected at such
orfiee as lie may deem sufficient to compensate such extra
i labor. This act shall take effect and be m force from and
after the commencement of the next fiscal quarter after its
passage.
Now, I want the House to look once more at
this mode of regulating the compensation of these
officers. First you increase and regulate it up for
those now in offiee, then you regulate and increase
the rates of postage up, so as nearly to double the
compensation Jirst fixed. Then you propose to
regulate it back to 1353 in favor of a favored few;
and lastly, you propose to give the Postmaster Gen-
eral the power of regulating it, and increasing it
up to any point he chooses. Sir, it seems to me
that this is as far as human ingenuity can well go.
We certainly ought not to confer this discretionary
power upon the Postmaster General, or upon any
Executive officer. We had better keep this species
of power and discretion in our own hands.
But, sir, 1 had no intention of going into any
