2244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
smiths' establishments, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the eleventh of January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, two thousand
dollars.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being
the valuation of fifiy-four sections of land, set
apart by the treaty of the second of June, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, for educational purposes,
per resolution of the Senate of the nineteenth of
January, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, three
thousand four hundred and fifty-six dollars.
Piankeshaws.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the third of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of December,
eighteen hundred and five, three hundred dollars.
Pawnees.
For agricultural implements, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the ninth of October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, one thousand dollars.
Poltaxoatomies of Huron.
For permanentannuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seven, four hundred
dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fouith
article of the treaty of the third of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the second of October, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twentieth of September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, two thousand
dollais.
For life annuity to chief, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twentieth of September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, one hundred
dollars.
For permanentannuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of July,
eighteen hundred, and twenty-nine, sixteen thou-
sand dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the twentieth of October,
eighteen hundred and thiity-two, four hundred
dollars.
For the last of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the third article of the treaty of the
twenty-sixth of September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, fourteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the twenty sixth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, seven hun-
dred dollars.
For the last of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the second jTpplementnl article of the
treaty of the twenty-sixrn of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, two thousand dollars.
For education during the pleasuie of Congress,
stipulated m the third article of the treaty of the
sixteenth ofOaober, eighteen hundred and twenty-
six, two thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the sixteenth of October, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, seven hundred and twenty dollars. :
For permanent provision for iron and steel for I
shop, stipulated jn the third article of the treaty of ,
the sixteenth ot October, eighteen hundred and '
twenty-six, two hundred and twenty dollars. !
f 01 education during the pleasure of Congress, !
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the •
twentieth of September, eighteen hundred and !
twenty-eight, one thousand dollars. j
For permanent provision for the payment in 1
money, in iieu of tobacco, stipulated in the second >
article of the treaty of the twentieth of September I
eighteen hundred and twenty-ei^ht, and the tenth '
article of the treaty of the fifth of June, eighteen i
hundred and forty-six, three hundred dollars, !
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated m the second article of the
treaty of the twentieth of September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of the twentieth of September, eighteen hundred
and twenty-eight, two hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, one thousand four hundred
and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred
and twenty-nine, four hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of
fifty barrels of salt, stipulated in the second arti-
cle of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of July,
eighteen hundied and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For education, during the pleasureof Congress,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
twenty-seventh of October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, two thousand dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in
the seventh article of the treaty of the fifth of
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.'
Quapaws.
For education, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the thirteenth of May, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the Pi evident, stipulated in the third arti-
cle of the treaty of the thnteenth of May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the third article of
the treaty of the thirteenth of May, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For pay of farmer, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the third article of the
treaty of the thirteenth of May, eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, six hundied dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For the first of sixteen installments in blankets,
clothing, farrrting utensils, and stock, stipulated
in the third article of the treaty of the tenth of
September, eighteen hundied and fifty-three,two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of agricultural implements,
clothing, and such other articles as may be deemed
conducive to the comfort and necessities of said
Indians, and for the expenses of such permanent
improvements as may have been made by claim-
ants to land on the reserve named in the second
article of the treaty, stipulated m the third article
of the treaty of the tenth of September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, five thousand dollars.
For payment of the property of the whites de-
stroyed during the late war, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the tenth of September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, fifteen thousand
^Hollars.
For compensation and expenses of commis-
sioners, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the tenth of September, eighteen hundied and
fifty-three, five thousand dollars.
For the erection of thiee d wellmg-houses for
the principal chiefs of said tiibe, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of the tenth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifiy-three, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars: Piovided, That no pay-
ment shall be made to said Rogue River Indians,
or to claimants referred to in these provisions,
until said tribe shall have assented to the amend-
ments of the Senate of the United States to the
treaty, on account of which the several sums are
appropriated.
Sir Nations of .Yew York.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the six*h i
article of the treaty of the eleventh of November, !
seventeen hundred and ninety-four, fourthousand j
five hundred dollars, !
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of the nineteenth of February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dol-
lars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
Stockbridges,
For interest on sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in the ninth
article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of No-
vember, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, eight
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.
For interest on three hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments as annuity
in goods, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the twenty-ninth of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of medicines, agricultural implements,
and stock, and for support of farmers, physicians,
and blacksmith, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, eight thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thnty-seven, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of fifty installments at the rate of five
per centum, on one million three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-third of July,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, sixty-
eight thousand dollars.
For fourth of fifty installments at the rate of five
per centum, on one hundied and twelve thousand
dollars, being the amount in lieu of the reservation
set apart in the third article per Senate's amend-
ment to treaty of twenty-third July, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-one, five thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of fifty installments at the rate of five
per centum, on one million one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, stipulated m the fourth article
of the treaty of the fifth of August, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-one, fifty-eight thousand
dollars.
For fourth of fifty installments at the rateof five
per centum, on sixty-nine thousand dollars,being
the amount allowed in lieu of the reservation of
lands set apart by the third article per Senate's
amendment to treaty of fifth of August, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-one, three thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
That the President be authorized to confirm to
the Sioux of Minnesota, forever, the reserve on
the Minnesota river now occupied by them, upon
such conditions as he may deem just. And further,
that it be agreed between the united States and
the Sioux bands of Indians, that should it, at any
time hereafter, be considered by the United States
as a proper policy to establish farms among and
for the benefit of said Indians, it shall be discre-
tionary with the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to change the annuities
herein provided for, or any part thereof, into a
fund for that purpose.
For defraying the expenses of witnesses, mar-
shal, attorney, notary, interpreter, and stationery,
and copying evidence, in the investigation of the
official conduct of Alexander H. Ramsay, late
Governorof Minnesota, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For services of Robert A. Matthews, for copy-
ing the proceedings and evidence in said investi-
gation, under employment of Richard M. Young,
one of the commissioners, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For paying the expenses and fees of witnesses
summoned in said investigation, by the United
Stales, at the instance of Alexander Ramsay,
three hundred and fifty dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
