1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
ditionally, and dependent udon the making of an appropri-
ation by Congress.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is the intention of
the original proviso.
Mr. BAYARD. Then the alteration which I
suggest will make it clear, definite, and certain.
I move that amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was j
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend- j
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
Mr. BUTLER. I know that it is asking what
perhaps may be thought irregular; but I wish to
submit a report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in order to have it printed. It is one re-
specting the rules of the Senate; and as we are
likely to go into Executive session—involving
the necessity of deciding upon this report—very
shortly, 1 simply desire to submit it, and ask that
it may be printed.
The report was received by unanimous consent,
' and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
Bill to provide for the distribution of arms to
the several States and Territories, and
Joint resolution explanatory of the law regu
Mr. JONES. If, then, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Murray] will withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table and print, I will move that the
report be referred to the Committee on Patents,
and that it be printed.
Mr. MURRAY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JONES. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not withdraw the motion
'to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Murray] made that motion, and he
has withdrawn it.
Mr. JONES. - I move, as I said before, to refer
the report to the Committee on Patents, and that
it be printed; and also, that twenty-five thousand ;
extra copies be printed for the use of the House, j
and that motion will goto the Committee on Print- j
ing. Upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg to be understood. My
motion was to refer the document and the question
of printing to the Committee on Printing. I did
not withdraw the motion. The gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] as I supposed, suggested
to refer the two questions to the Committee on
Patents, and if that had been the suggestion, I
would have withdrawn my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow the Chair to explain. The gen-
tleman from New York moved to lay the docu-
ment upon the table, and to print; and until that
motion is disposed of thegentleman from Virginia
eould not move to commit the document to the
Committee on Printing. Does the Chair under-
lating the number of cadets to be appointed to the ! stand the precise motion of the gentleman from
Military Academy at West Point. I Virginia?
Mr. BAYLY. I think the Chair and myself do
HODGES AND LANSDALE, AND JOHNSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the hill for the reliej
of Hodges & Lansdale, and the legal representa-
tives of Rinaldo Johnson and Ann E. Johnson.
Mr. BAYARD delivered an elaborate argument
in opposition to the bill. [His argument will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. PRATT next obtained the floor.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Match 20, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting,in compliance with the requirements of the
twentieth section of the act of Congress of August
26, 1843, a detailed statement of the expenditure
of the contingent fund of the Navy Department
and its several bureaus, for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1853.
The communication and the accompanying doc-
uments were ordered to be laid on the table, and
printed. . _ I
Also, a communication from the Commissioner ,j
of Patents, transmitting, agreeably to the design j
of Congress, as indicated by an appropriation of ;
March'3, 1853, for the collection of agricultural j
statistics and the purchase of seeds, the agricultu- >
ral portion of Ins annual report.
Mr. MURRAY. I move to lay the communi-
cation on the table, and that it be printed.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to refer the
document and the motion to print to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not necessary, as
there is no proposition to print an extra number.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. We ought to have the doc-
ument printed, at any rate; and then a motion to
print an extra number necessarily will go to the
Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table is a privileged motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The usual custom
is to refer the document to the Committee on Pat-
ents. It is the agricultural portion of the report. ,
Mr. BA YLY. " 1 arqutt-s.-e m the suggestion of j point on the Speaker
the rentluiian from Tcunei'Bef, [Mr, .lour." ] cl"r"''sl>'
not understand each other. I understood the mo
tion to be to lay upon the table, and print.
The SPEAKER. That was the motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to refer both, the docu-
ment and the question of printing, to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
move to refer the document to the Committee on
Printing until the motion to lay upon the table is
disposed of.
Mr. BAYLY. That motion has been with-
drawn.
The SPEAKER. It was not withdrawn until
after the concurrence of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia in the suggestion of the gentleman from Ten-
, nessee.
I Mr. BAYLY. My motion was still pending,
j The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
I gentleman to withdraw the motion, and to concur
in the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
i Mr. BAYLY. The Chair certainly misunder-
I stood me.
: The SPEAKER. The Chair did not misun-
; derstand. The motion to refer the document was
' not in order until the motion to lay upon the table
l was disposed of.
Mr. BAYLY. I would remind the Chair that
1 that motion was withdrawn.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair so stated,but not
! until thegentleman from Virginia concurred in the
! motion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
| Mr. BAYLY. Well, I believe the question of
! printing is debatable.
1 • Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question has
; been demanded, and debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no disposi-
tion to take the gentleman from Virginia by sur-
prise. If It were competent to separate the motion
to lay upon the table and print, and to move to
' refer the motion to print, the Chair does not know
but the motion would stand, so far as the motion
' to print is concerned.
■ Mr. BAYLY. The motion to print, it seems
' to me, is a motion that ought to be, and can be,
referred. ....
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to submit this
| point of order: A demand has been made for the
previous question, and no discussion is in order
while that demand is pending.
I The SPEAKER.. The Chair is aware that the
! debate is not in order; but in order that there
i mio-ht be no mistake ill reference to the character
' and effect of the several motions which have been
| made, he has allowed it to go on.
1 Mr. BAYLY. I did not mean to make any
I know he did not mean to
tak" iTu'by surprise, nor did mv friend from Ten-
nessee mean to do it; but the form in which the mat-
ter has come up did take me so, under the present
ruling of the Chair; because, I thought the gentle-
man from Tennessee only wished to make the sug-
gestion that my entire motion should go to the
Committee on Patents. I yielded to him to make
that suggestion, although I did not mean to ac-
quiesce in it; but I certainly did not mean to yield
the floor for him to demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Virginia must see, I think, that the ruling of
the Chair is entirely correct. Thegentleman was
never properly upon the floor to make his motion.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Murray]
having made the motion to lay the document upon
the table, it was not in order to make the motion
to refer while that motion was pending.
The SPEAKER. It very clearly was not in
order to make such a motion.
Mr. JONES. I then obtained the floor, and the
gentleman, under the apprehension,perhaps, that
I was going to refer his whole motion to the Com-
mittee on Patents, acquiesced in it. But, bethatas
it may, while I had the floor the gentleman from
New York withdrew the motion to lay upon the
table, and I then made the motion that the docu-
ment be referred to the Committee on Patents, and
be printed, and the further motion that twenty-five *
thousand extra copies be printed for the use of the
House, which latter motion would go to the
Committee on Printing; and upon that motion I de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. STRAUB. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw the motion for the previous
question for a single moment, to enable me to ask
him a question.
Mr. JONES. I will hear thegentleman's ques-
tion.
Mr. STRAUB. I want to know, if the gentle-
man pleases, whether this twenty-five thousand
extra copies is to be the aggregate number which
he proposes to.have printed of this mechanical
part of the Patent.Office report ?
The SPEAKER. That is a mere proposition
which goes under the rule to the Gommittee on
Printing. Every motion to print an extra number
of any document must, by an express rule of the
House, go to the Committee on Printing. When
that committee report upon the motion, it will then
be competent for the House to determinethe num-
ber it will order.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I desire to suggest
that that portion of the communication which re-
fers to patents shall be referred to the Committee
on Patents; that the motion to print be referred to
the Committee on Printing 
The SPEAKER. That is precisely the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. And I wish to
make a further suggestion, that so much of the
communication as refers to seeds, &c., shall be
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been demanded, the gentleman's motion is not in
order.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question 67 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR. 1 demand tellers upon seconding
, the demand.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olingman
!! and Campbell were appointed.
•I The question was then put on seconding the
i call for the previous question; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 80, noes not counted.
! The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr B 4. YLY, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
; and nays on the motion submitted oy the gentle-
'' man from Tennessee, [Mr. J ones ]
; The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr BENSON. I would inquire of the Chair
' whether, if the motion of the gentleman from
:: Tennessee prevail, the extra numbers of the doc-
ument will be limited to twenty-five thousand?
1 The SPEAKER. The proposition to print an
' extra number of copies goes under a rule of the
i! House, without a vote, to the Committee on
^Mr" BENSON. It does not limit the number
of extra copies to twenty-five thousand ?
The SPEAKER. It does not fix the number
at all. The proposition to print an extra number
of copies is simply referred under the rule to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr JONES. That committee will report the
