1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thousand four hundred dollars, at fire per centum,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-first of October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, seven thousand eight hundred and
seventy dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the third of November,
eighteen hundred and four, one thousand dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments, as an-
nuity, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the twenty-first of September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments for gun-
smiths, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the twenty-first of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, six hundred dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments for iron
and steel for shop, stipulated in the fourth artiele
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For twenty-thi rd of thirty installments for black-
smith and assistant, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred
and forty dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments for iron
and steel for shop, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments for forty
barrels of salt, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the twenty-first of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, two hundred dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments for forty
kegs of tobacco, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the twenty-first of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of October, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-seven, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the eleventh of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
For payment to Thompson Connoly and James
Connoly, children of John Connoly, deceased,
two hundred dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the third of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, two
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of
salt, stipulated in the third article of the treaty of
the seventh of June, eighteen hundred and three,
sixty dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, during thepleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth ar-
ticle of the treaty of the eighth of August, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the eighth of August, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, two hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one thousand
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth ar-
ticle of the treaty of the twentieth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For iron and steel for shops, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the twentieth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of-Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, five hundred
dolla/s.
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of' February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, eight hundred
and forty dollars. >.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, two hundred
and twenty dollars.
For pay of miller, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the twenty-eighth of February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six hundred dollars.
Sloclcbridges.
For the removal of the SLockbridge Indians to
the country west of the Mississippi river, which
has been selected for and approved by them, and
for subsistence for one year, stipulated in the
eighth article of the treaty of twenty-fourth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, seven
thousand dollars.
(Jm'pquas, (Crow-Creek Band.)
For the first of twenty installments in blankets,
clothing, provision, and stock, stipulated m the
third article of the treaty of the nineteenth of
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, five
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the purchase of blankets, clothing, and
goods, stipulated in the first clause of the third
article of the treaty of nineteenth of September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, one thousand
dollars. «
For the erection of two dwelling-houses, plow-
ing and fencing a field, and purchasing seeds,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
nineteenth of September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, one thousand dollars.
Ulahs.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Utalis,
pursuant to the requirements of the eighth article
of the treaty of December thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, five thousand dollars.
Wyandotls.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of March,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, seventeen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For permanent firovision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the eighth article of the
treaty of the seventeenth of March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, stipulated in the eighth article of the treaty
of the seventeenth of March, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for education, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of |he treaty of the sev-
enteenth of March, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, five hundred dollars.
Weas.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fifth
article of the treaty of the second of October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, three thousand
dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For twenty-sixth of thirty installments as an-
nuity, stipulated in the second artiele of the treaty
of the first of August, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine, eighteen thousand dollars.
For twenty-third of twenty-seven installments
as annuity, stipulated in the third article of the
treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, ten thousand dollars.
For twenty-sixth of thirty installments, for the
purchase of fifty barrels of salt, stipulated in the
second article of the treaty of the first of August,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For twenty-sixth of thirty installments, for the
purchase of three thousand pounds of tobacco,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
I first of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-
| nine, six hundred dollars.
For twenty-third of twenty-seven installments,
for the purchase of one thousand five huiidreff
pounds of tobacco, stipulated in the fifth articfe ot
the treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, three "hundred dollars.
For twenty-sixth of thirty installments for thrfei
blacksmiths and assistants, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the first of August, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-nine, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars.
For twenty-sixth of thirty installments Tor iron
and steel for shop, stipulated in the third article
of the treaty of the first of August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, six hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
For twenty-six of thirty installments for laborers
and oxen, stipulated in the tVird article of tire
treaty of the first of August, eighteen hundred And
twenty-nine, three hundred and sixty five dollars.
For twenty-third of twenty-seven installments
for education, stipulated in the fourth artiele ofthi
treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, three thousand dollars.
For twenty-third of twenty-seven installments
for six agriculturists, purchase of oxen, plowfe,
and other implements, stipulated in the fiftfe article
of the treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For twenty-third of twenty-seven installments
for the pay of two physicians, stipulated in the
fifth article of the treaty of the fifteenth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, four
hundred dollars.
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
I sand dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of the first of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifty-five
thousand dollara.
For interest on eighty-five thousand dollars, at
five per centum, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the thirteenth of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, four thousand two htin-
dred and fifty dollars.
For the expenses of negotiating treaties with,
and making presents of goods and provisions to,
the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, sixty-
eight thousand dollars.
For the expenses of negotiating treaties with,
and making presents of goods and provisions to,
Indian tribes in the Territory of Washington,
forty-five thousand dollars. _
For the expenses of negotiating treaties witb,
and making presents of goods and provisions to,
the Indian tribes in the Territory of Utah, forty-
five thousand dollars.
For the expenses of negotiating treaties with,
and making presents of goods and provisions to,
the1 Apache, JSTavajoe, and Utah Indians,in the
Territory of New Mexico, thirty thousand dollars.
For the expenses of holding a council with, and
making presents of goods and provisions to, the
Blackfeet, Gros Ventres, and other wild tribes of
Indian?," immediately within or adjacent to the
eastern boundary of Washington Territory, eighty
thousand dollars.
To pay Andrew Taylor for his reservation of
six hundred and forty acres of land at Citied-018-
town, on the waters of the Tennessee river, four-
teen thousand seven hundred and twenty dollars,
with interest from the twenty-.third day of Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and forty-three.
For the expenses of making presents of agri-
cultural implements and farming utensils to £h«
bands of Pueblo Indians in theTerritory of New
Mexico, ten thousand dollars: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Interior may, if in hi'sdiscretidfi
the public interests require it, be authorized to use
any part of the appropriations herein made for
making treaties in Oregon, Washington, Utah,
and New Mexico, and for holding councils at
Fort Benton, prior to the commencement of the
next fiscal year.
For adjusting difficulties and preventing out-
breaks among the Indians in Oregon Territory,
ten thousand dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Oregon Territory, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of insurance and transportation
of annuities payable to Indian tribes, in the Ter-
ritories of Oregon, three thousand dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Jnaran
service in W ashing ton Territory, fifteen thousanu
dollars.
