1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
brief personal explanation. I shall not occupy
two minutes in doing so.
General assent was expressed.
DEATH OF MR. SNODGRASS.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, the explanation
which I am about to make is not a matter of much
interest, except to myself and to those from my
State. A few days ago, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, the melancholy intelligence was an-
nounced of the death of one of my own colleagues.
The telegraphic dispatch which was acted upon
was addressed to me, and was in the following
language: (l The Hon. John F. Snodgras^ died
at half-past two o'clock, p. m., very suddenly.
His friends desire you to announce his death to
the House." In consequence of my absence, my
colleague [Mr. Faulkner] announced the death
of Mr. Snodgrass; and stated that he did so at the
request of his colleagues—meaning, of course, at
the request of his colleagues who were present.
That statement, Mr. Speaker, might convey the
impression that I had refused to comply with the
request of the friends of the deceased. That is
my reason for desiring to make this explanation,
that I was absent. For though I mourn—deeply
mourn—amelancholy necessity of that announce-
ment, yet, in performing the last office of friend-
ship to one who was so much entitled to my ie-
spectand esteem, I would discharge that duty with
cheerful but melancholy alacrity.
I will add one word more, Mr. Speaker, and
hope the House will bear with me. ft was my
fortune to spend a few hours—a few hours only—
with my deceased colleague, in very interesting
conversation,just before he leftthiscityjand I ob-
served to him how remarkably well he looked.
He replied that he had not been for many years
in Bucn line health. And yet, m a few days after-
wards, the fell destroyer struck him, and lie suc-
cumbed to the blow.
I make this statement, Mr. Speaker, that his
friends, and those m hm section of country, should
not suppose that I could refuse a request such as
that made to me on his account.
message from the president.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House a communication from the
President of the United States, transmitting a re-
port of the Secretary of State, with accompanying
documents, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of Representatives of 20th December
last.
Mr. WALKER, This communicatian from
the President is in answer to a resolution of in-
quiry, which, the Chair will remember, was
offered by me some months since, accompanying
a memorial from the Chamber of Commerce of
the city of New York, which 1 then presented,
ft relates to certain impositions on our commerce
in the Baltic, laid by the Government of Denmark,
and known as " sound dues." 1 move, sir, that
the communication from the President be laid on
the table, and printed.
it was so ordered.
t'GM MUNI CAT ION FROM THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER also hud before the House a ;
communication from the Clerk of the House, ■
transmitting a letter, and accompanying explana- i
tion, in aceoidance with the request of the chair- j
man of the Committee on Engraving. j
The communication was referred to the Com- 1
mittee of Ways and Meuns, and ordered to he i
printed. j
The question was then taken on Mr. Hons- I
ton's motion; and it was agreed to. !
The House accordingly resolved itself into the i
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
(Mr. Orr in the chair.) j
civil and diplomatic bill. |
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order |
is the consideration of the cm! and diplomatic ;
appropriation bill, and upon that the gentleman J
from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] i#* entitled to the'
floor. !
railroad to the pacific. j
Mr, PHILLIPS being absent, the floor was j
assigned to .
Mr. WALBIMDGE, who proceeded to speak ,
upon a subject different from that before the com-
mittee, namely: the proposition fora railroad to the
Pacific. He rapidly traced the inception and his-
tory of the land system, asserting that it was with-
in the power of the General Government to aid,
by donations of public domain, the construction
of such a means of intercommunication. He
asked what is the probable extent of the contem-
plated Pacific railroad, that is, from some point
on or near the Mississippi to the Pacific ?
Assuming the initiative in the latitude of New
York, 40° 42' north, and in longitude 91° west
from Greenwich, the distance, in a direct line,
j would not exceed one thousand seven hundred and
i fifty miles; or, assuming another point, say from
Fond du Lac, the west end of Lake Superior, in
latitude 46° 30', to Puget's Sound, where there is
a convergence of the continent, the distance would
be about one thousand five hundred miles. Taking
a southerly latitude, say in thirty-fourth or thirty-
fifth parallel m a due west direction, and the dis-
tance would not exceed one thousand six hundred
miles.
He discussed the subject in a social, commer-
cial, and military aspect.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, next addressed the
committee upon the Pacific Railioad.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman from South
Carolina yield me the floor for a moment? I
should listen with great pleasure to the gentleman
from South Carolina;but the House has now been
in session nearly four hours, and the members are
somewhat fatigued. I hope that the committee
will agree to rise, so that the gentleman who has
the floor may have an hour in the morning to
address the committee. "With his permission, I
move that the committee rise.
The question was taken on Mr. Haven's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and paiticularly House bill
No. 48, being a bill "making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
i ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855,"
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes to four o'clock) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 14, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
explanation.
Mr. CLAYTON, i ask the indulgence of the
Senate for the purpose of a brief personal expla-
nation, and it is the first time, I believe, that I
ever desired a similar favor.
I perceive in a morning paper, (the Union,) to
which my attention has been directed since 1
entered the Capitol this morning, that the distin-
guished and much-honored statesman of South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] with myself, is charged
with the crime of mutability in having voted for
the compromise bill of July, 1848. That bill,
while it excluded in California and New Mexico
the whole doctrine of what is now called squatter
sovereignty, and gave no right to aliens to vote m
those Territories, did confer that right on such as
hud declared their intention to become citizens in
the then proposed Territory of Oregon. At the
same time that compromise, which proposed to
organize three vast territorial governments greater
than were ever included in one bill before, offered
peace to a distracted country on the punctple of
submitting the whole slavery question in the Ter-
ritories to the judicial tribunals, and for the first
time excluded the Wilmot proviso, and adopted
for Oregon the boasted principle of non-interven-
tion, which was afterwards copied into the com-
promise measures of 1850.
For this great measure of pacification both
John C. Calhoun and myself voted, although
known to every one who had thought our opin-
ions worthy of consideration to be utterly opposed ,
to the clause in that part of the bill organizing the i
government of Oregon, which allowed the vote of I
aliens in any form or under any pretext. We en-
tertained then the same opinions which we had
both expressed in the debate on the Michigan bill
in 1836, that a claim allowing aliens to vote was
utterly and absolutely unconstitutional—an opin-
ion which was shared with us by many of the
most distinguished gentlemen in both Houses of
Congress at that day. But to obtain the great
blessings which we firmly believed the country
would receive from the final settlement of the sla-
very question on the principles of that bill—a
measure which the distinguished Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in the late debate on
the Nebraska bill, characterized as the very best
compromise ever yet proposed—we both agreed,
after full consultation together, to waive our ob-
jections to the single clause in the Oregon portion
of the bill, to secure the passage of that great
measure of peace.
While this measure was before the committee
which reported that hill, Mr. Calhoun called at
my lodgings, to consider with me the course we
should adopt on this very question. We both
stood fully committed to the country on the con-
stitutional principle, that any act of Congress
allowing aliens to vote in any State or Territory
of the United States, was pro tanto an act of natu-
ralization and unconstitutional, because it was
partial and not uniform. But we were given to
understand by others, that our compromise bill
would inevitably fail in the House of Representa-
tives, if the government of Oregon were organized
without the fifth section of the bill, which was so
obnoxious to us. The correctness of that opin-
ion was fully demonstrated a short time after-
wards, and after the failure of our compromise in
the other House by a small majority, by the pas-
sage of a separate Oregon bill, containing that very
section allowing the vote of aliens, which bill
originated in that same House of Repi esentatives,
and became a law on the 14th of August, 1848.
But for that bill neither Mr. Calhoun nor myself
ever voted. Had we voted for that, or for any
provision allowing the suffrage of aliens in any
separate and distinct form, we might, indeed, have
subjected ourselves to the censure of tho.se who
would rejoice in an opportunity of charging us with
inconsistency. During the interview to which I
have referred, we resolved to make the sacrifice
m Oregon, to secure the principle in California and
New Mexico, which not only avoided the alien vote
in those Territories, but the Wilmot proviso, and
the whole principle of squatter sovereignty. We
thought, that in a difficult compromise, he who
won the two best m three, had but little reason to
complain. We thought, too, there was but little
danger of alien suffrage m a territory so remote
from the usual landing places of immigrants on the
Atlantic, and so inaccessible as Oregon.
Sir, it has been said that when the framers of the
greatest of all compromises (the Constitution of
the United States) came out of the convention of
1787, there was not one man who was not dissat-
isfied with some one provision of that instrument.
The Missouri compromise of 18f20 was voted for
by men who held the sixth section of itto be abso-
lutely unconstitutional. The tariff compromise of
1833 contained the principle of the home valuation
which, in the debates of that day, was pronounced
unconstitutional by nearly every southern Senator,
who afterwards voted not only for the passage
of that compromise, but for the home valuation
amendment itself; and that, too, on a call of the
yen:; and nays. These were concessions made
by great and patriotic statesmen, to secure the
blessings of peace and the safety of this Union.
And it I, whose opinions against alien suffrage
liavenever varied—if I who reported theprovision
excluding aliens from voting m the first act to or-
ganize the vastTerritory of Wisconsin, then com-
prehending the present States of Wisconsin, Iowa,
and half of Michigan, which Territory was organ-
ized by my efforts and those ofthe Judiciary Com-
mittee, of which I was at the time the chairman—
I who also reported and voted against the clause
allowing alien suffrage in the State of Michigan,
can be charged with inconsistency for sacrificing
something of my fixed opinions to secure the peace
of my country and the safety of this Union in
1848, let those who delight to censure make the
most of it.
pay op deputy postmasters,
A message was received from the House of
