2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territory of New Mexico, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
services in the Territory of Utah, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territory of Utah during the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, ten thousand dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Washington Territory, for six months,
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, five thousand dollars.
For payment of balence due for transportation
of presents, goods, and provisions, to the Ca-
manches, Kioways, and other Indians on the
Arkansas river, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
To pay for certain goods borrowed by late 1
agent J. S. Watrous, to fulfill treaty stipulations 1
with the Chippewas, to be replaced out of annuity |
goods, but which, with the agency building, were j
consumed by fire in May, eighteen hundred and j
fifty-three, four thousand one hundred and thirty-
six dolors and three cents.
For payment in full to the Winnebago nation
of Indians of certain unexpended balances of ap-.
propriations under various treaties, on account of;
annuities,education, provisions,goods, etc., forty \
thousand and four dollars and sixty-nine cents, j
For payment of bal&ncc found due the Creek j
Indians for losses sustained during the war with •
Great Britain, by that portion of the tribe who i
were friendly to and cooperated with the United |
States, in addition to the appropriation of the thir- i
tieth of August, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
two hundred and fifty eight dollars and ten cents.
For payment to certain Creek Indians for their
individual ieser\es, sold with the approbation of
the Secretary of War, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and foity-oue, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs having received the consideration for the 1
use of tsjud Indi.ms in certificates of deposit on j
the Planters and Mechanics' Batik of Columbus, J
Georgia, which fcilmg while said certificates were
in the hands of the commissioner, became lost to I
said Indians, two thousand six hundred dollars. '
• Tr.i'us Indians.
For compensation to three special agenfs and
four interpieters for the Indian tribes of Texias,
and for the purchase of presents, fifteen thousand !
dollars.
For the expenses of making the necessary se-
lections and Mirveys of hmd to ^commodate the
Indians residing within the State of Texas, agree-
ably to arrangements authorized by an act of the
Legislature of that Slate, allowing the requisite
jurisdiction of the Government of the United
Stales for such purposes, and for concentrating
and subsisting thrm, and furnishing suitable stock
cattle, agricultural implements, seeds, and other
necessary articles incident thereto, eighty-six
thousand four hundred nnd thirty dollars.
*Misrellimeoxrs.
For the second and third of ten installments of
provisions and meichamhse,in addition to former
appropriations, for payment of annuities and
transportation of the same to certain tribes of
Indians, per seventh article of the treaty at Fort
Laramie, of seventeenth of September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, twenty-four thousand dol-
lars.
For the fourth of ten installments in provisions
and merchandise, for payment of annuities awl
transportation of same to certain tnh«vs of Indians,
per seventh article of the treaty at Fort Laramie,
of seventeenth of September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, seventy-two thousand dollars.
For surveying and marking boundary lines of
such tract or tracts of land as may be provided
under the stipulations of the amendments of the
Senate to the treaties of twenty-third July and
fifth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, with :
the feioux Indians, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For expenses of negotiating treaties of the tenth !
of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, ;
■with the Rogue River Indians, and of the nine-
teenth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, with the Cow-Creek band of Umpqua In- I
diana, five thousand dollars. j
For aonunuing the cojAction and for publishing '
the statistics and other information authorized by
the act of third of March, eighteen hundred and
forty-seven,and subsequent acts, twenty thousand
nine hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no exist-
ing provisions of law, prescribing the manner m
which payment shall be make to Indians, shall be
so construed as to repeal or contravene, the seven-
teenth section of an act entitled " An act to regu-
late trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes,
and to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and thirty-four,
or to prohibit the payment of any claim or claims
(other than those of agents or attorneys for claims)
for bona fide services rendered within or upon
any Indian territory to any Indian tribe, for med-
ical or manual services, or in cases of humanity
where the President may adjudge such service ne-
cessary and the claim or claims therefor just and
reasonable.
For defraying the expenses of continuing the
removal and subsistence of Indians in California,
three military reservations, m accordance with
the plan submitted by the superintendent of Indian
affairs of that State, and approved by the Presi-
dent, the sum of two hundred thousand dollars:
Provided, That, hereafter, no more than twenty
thousand dollais shall be drawn by the superin-
tendent, or be in his hands unexpended at one and
the same time: And provided. The sub-agents cre-
ated by this act shall be appointed by the super-
intendent, subject to confirmation by the Secretary
of the Interior, not to exceed one for each reser-
vation, nor thiee in all, said reservations to con-
tain not less than five nor more than ten thousand
acres; and the said superintendent is authorized
to apply, out of the sum hereby appropriated, not
exceeding twenty-five thousand dollars, in the ex-
tinguishment of conflicting titles and rights to
said reserved lands, at a price not exceeding one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, for a valid
and indefeasible title to the land so purchased:
And provided, The State of Caiiforniashall cede the
necessary jurisdiction in such cases with regard
to the land so purchased.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in California, embracing expenses of travel
of the superintendent and agent, etc., twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For payment to David Carter, as an emigrant,
of the amount oflus improvements, valued under
the tieaty with the Cherokee*), in eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, in pursuance of the sixth
article thereof, two thousand eight hundred and
twenty-six dollars and fifty cents.
For payment to A. V. Drown and others,
Chickasaw traders, for ransom of George W. and
M*iedith Wilson from the £amanche Indians,
and to reward the services of persons engaged in
that, service, one thousand dollars.
To enable the President to negotiate a treaty
with the Indians in Michigan, and to change the
terms of existing treaties, ten thousand dollars.
For a eietk to the superintendent of Indian
affairs in the Territory of Washington, eighteen
hundred dollars; and for a eleik to the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in the Territory of New
Mexico, one thousand dollars- to be allowed m
the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 4 And be tt further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Inteiior be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, if, in his judgment, the public interest will
be promoted thereby, to cause fo be disbursed
such of the moneys appropriated in this act for
the Utah Indians, either under treaty stipulations,
or for general incidental expenses, oy the Indian
agent in that Territory, as he may think proper:
Providtd, That said agent shall, under no cir-
cumstances, receive any additional compensation
therefor.
Sec. 5. And be U further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to cause to be fulfilled the stipulations of the ninth
and tenth articles of the treaty with the Sacs and
Foxes, and other tribes of Indians, concluded on
the fifteenth of July, one thousand, eight hundred
and thirty, by causing said reserved tracts to be
surveyed and allotted to the persons properly enti-
tled to the same, m fee-simple, in such manner
and under such rules and regulations as he may
prescribe; and to defray the expenses of the same,
there be, and is hereby, appropriated the sum of
ten thousand nine hundred and twenty-two dol-
lars and twenty-nine cv>nts.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint two Indian agents for
the Indians east of the Rocky Mountains, in addi-
tion to the eleven provided for by the fourth sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department," etc., approved Febru-
ary twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one; one Indian agent for the Indians in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, in addition to the four
provided for by the fifth section of the same act;
and such number of Indian agents, not exceeding
three, as he may deem expedient for the Indian
tribes in the Territory of Washington.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the agents
appointed under the provisions of the sixth section
of this act, shall, before entering upon the duties
of their respective offices, give bond in such pen-
alties, and with such conditions and such security,
as the President or Secretary of the Interior may
require. They shall hold their offices^ respect-
ively, for the term of four years, and shall receive
an annual salary of one thousand five hundred
dollars each.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That to such
Cherokees as were omitted in the census taken by
D. W. Siler, but who were included and paid
under the act of July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be au-
thorized to pay them the same per capita allow-
ance that was paid the other Indians under that
distribution, provided the commissioner shall be
satisfied that they ought to be included in said per
capita distribution, and that the sum of five thou-
sand dollars be appropriated for that purpose.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That fo enable
the Secretary of the Interior to settle and pay the
award of commissioners on file for reservations,
preemptions, and for rents and improvements
under the twelfth, thirteenth, and sixteenth arti-
cles of the Cherokee treaty, of twenty-ninth De 
cember, eighteen hundred and thirty five, in pur-
suance of the stipulations of the third article of
the treaty of August eighth, eighteen hundied and
forty-six, the sum heretofore appropriated for those
purposes and carried to the surplus fund, is hereby
reappropriated.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be authorized and required
to investigate the claim of the Brotherton tiibe of
Indians against the United States, and report the
facts to Congress at its next session, or earlier, if
practicable, together with an estimate for such
amount as may be found justly due the said
Indians.
Approved, July 31, 1854.
; pubi .ic, LV.—An Act for the purchase of the
! Copyright of a Work published by Thomas H. Sum-
' ner, wherein he describes his new method of ascer-
,! iairmtg a ship's position at sea.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
/ sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
! assembled, That in consideration of the transfer to
. the United States of the copyright of a work
] wherein Thomas H. Sumner fully describes his
new method of ascertaining a ships position at
t: sea, when a meridian observation of the sun can-
i not be obtained, there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the said Thomas H. Sumner, or his lawful agent
j or attorney, the sum of ten thousand dollars.
1 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
said transfer shall be made, and the said sum paid,
the said copyright shall be deemed extinct, and
' said book may thereafter be published os if no
| such right had existed.
Appro\ld, August 2, 1854.
.! Public, LYI.—An Act In provide for the Accomnxo'
■ dation of the Courts of the United States in ike Dis-
ii trict of Massachusetts, and in the cities of New
; York and Philadelphia.
|i Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
! | sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
j assembled, That the President of the United States
; be, and he hereby is, authorized and empowered to
| provide necessary accommodations for the courts
of the United Slates, and the officers connected
;• with them, in the district of Massachusetts, and
h in the <Mties of New York and Philadelphia, by
