1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House " reg-
ulating the pay of deputy postmasters," with an
amendment.
On motion by Mr, RUSK* the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike out
the following proviso:
" That, to any po«tmaster of any distributing or separat-
ing post office whose commissions may be reduced helmv
the amount allowed at his office for the year ending the
30fh day of June, 1851, the Postmaster General shall be
authorized,ni his discretion, to allow such additional com-
pensation as he may deem proper, such compensation to
date, and bo allowed from, the 30th day of March, 1853:
Provided further, That the commissions and allowances
authorized by this actthall be snhject to the provision? of
the forty-rtr.-t section of the act entitled c An act to reduce
into one the several acts establishing and regulating the
Post Office Department 5' and all acts, or parts of act?, in-
consistent with the provisions of this act, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed; and this act to take effect, and he m
force, from and after the commencement of the next fiscal
quarter after its passage."
And insert;
That to any postmaster of a distributing office, at which
the commissions, allowance*, arid emoluments, since the
31st day of March, 1853, have been insufficient to defray
the actual and necessary expenses, and afford the postmas-
ters the annual compensation derived from commissions at
the office before the said 31.-t of March, the iVistma^tPr
General may, in his discretion, allow quarteily from the
date aforesaid, on', of the postage collected at any such
office, an amount sufficient to supply such deficiency:
Provided further, That to any postmaster of a separating
office, at any «ueh office, whose comruif-sions. allowances,
and emoluments may be found insufficient to provide the
extra labor necessary to a ptompt and rffinentp^ifoi'man^e
of the duties of separating and dispatching the mails pass-
ing thiough ins* office, the General may make
such quarterly allowances out of the postages collected at
such office, as he may deem sufficient to compensate -ueh
extra labor. This act shall take effect and bent force fiom
and after the cornmencementof the next fiscal quarter after
its passage.
The amendment of the House to the amendment
of the Senate was to insert after the word "labor,'
the following;:
Provided further, That the commissions n"d allowances
authorized by this act shall be subject to the provisions of
the foity-first section of the act entitled "An act to reduce
info one the several acts establishing and regulating Ihe
PostOffice Department:" And provided further, Thar the
Postmaster General may, in bis discretion, dispose of any
quarterly retains of mails spnt or received which were
made up pjevious to the 1st day of July, preserving
the accounts current, and all vouchers accompanying t-uch
accounts, and the use of such portion ot the proceeds
thereof as may be necessary to defray the cost of ^epaiatmg
and disposing of the same.
The amendment of the House was concurred
in, so that the bill is finally passed as thus amended
PETITIONS, F.TC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented two I
copies of thelaws of the Territory of New Mexico, j
passed by the third Legislative Assembly, in the :
city of Santa Fe, at a session begun on the 5th t
day of December, 1853; which were referred to j
the Committee on the Judiciary. !
Mr. DAWSON presented a. petition of the in- ;
habitants of the city of AJaeon, in the State of
Georgia, praying a j eduction in the rates of ocean '
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BELL submitted additional evidence in .
support of the claim of Sarepta Cleveland, daughter
of Jonathan Skinner, deceased, to indemnity for
losses sustained by him in the war of the Revolu-
tion; which, together with the papers on the files
of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the following peti-
tions, &c., prayingthe establishment of additional
mail routes; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post, Roads :
Two petitions of citizens of Arkansas, praying :
the establishment of a postroutefrom Nnrristown |
to Port Smith, m Arkansas;
Document relating to a post route from Pine i
Bluff to Brownsville, Arkansas;
Petition of citizens of Arkansas and Texas,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Jefferson, in the State of Texas, to Fulton, in
Arkansas;
Petition of citizens of Arkansas, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Danville to
Waldron, in said State; and
Petition of citizens of Arkansas, praying the
establishment of a post route from Hurricane to
Galley Rock, in said State.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Eli T. Tappan, praying the assistance of Con-
gress in the publication of an edition of the acts of
Congress, containing only those laws of a general
nature which remain in force. The petitioner
represents that the editions now published contain
all thaspublic acts, including those that are local,
temporary, or obsolete, as well as those in force,
and some editions contain also all the private acts.
As all these acts are published in chronological
order, it is frequently very difficult and laborious
to discover what is the law actually in force; and
it must remain so, even with the aid of the best
indexes, so long as the laws are published in the
manner described. Inconsequence of this, new
laws are sometimes enacted which conflict with j
the old; and thus the difficulty of determining |
what is the law, is increased. The memorialist j
also statesthatthose who consult thestatutes of the j
United States usually do so to find some general 1
law now in force; and that to all such persons such !
a volume would be a great saving of time, labor, I
and money, inasmuch as they could purchase, in I
a single volume, that for which they must now }
buy six or nine to obtain. The memorial was-
referred to the Committee on the Library. (
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the '
heirs-at-law of Benjamin Grover, a revolutionary I
soldier, praying to be allowed a pension; which I
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also submitted the following resolution in .
reference to the above petition; which was con-i
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to: j
Resolved, Tint ilie Committee on Pensions lie directed !
to inquire Into the propriety ot allowing a sum to the liens j
of Benjamin Giovei, deceased, of Maine, equal to what w as j
justly due the widow of said Giover, as a pension at the
time ol her decease.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the heirs of Captain Joshua Chamberlain,
praying compensation for services during the
revolutionary war, submitted ti report, accompa-
nied by a bill for their relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to he printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of David A. Cameron,
representative and heir of James Bell, late of Lower
Canada, and assignee of the other heirs of said Bell,
praying payment for advances made to the Amer-
ican Army during the revolutionary war, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by abillforthe relief
of the legal representatives of James* Bell, deceased;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Representatives, making further appro-
priations for continuing the construction of certain
roads in the Territory of Minnesota, in accordance
with the estimates made by the War Department,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, -ind that it be referred to the Committee on
Territories; v/hi- h was agteed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was leferred a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the construction of certain military
roads and wells in the Territory of New Mexico,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Territories*, which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions,to whom was referred a bill from the House
of Representatives, for the relief of James Walsh,
reported it back without amendment.
Mr. PEARCE, from thcCommitteeon Finance,
reported a bill respecting the Executive Depart-
ments'and to distribute the settlement of claims
and accounts among the accounting officers of the
Treasury; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
NOTICE Of A BILL.
Mr. GWIN gave noticp of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the judicial
system of the United States by providing for the
organization of an additional circuit.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAWSON asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico fo adjust and pay to Juan
C. Armijo, Jose L. Perea, and James L. Collins,
the amount by them loaned to the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of New Mexico, under
authority of a joint resolution of that body, ap-
proved the 17th of June, 1851; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Territories to be kind enough
to take that matter into consideration at his earliest
convenience.
MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following resolution
by way of amendment to the rules:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the following bhall be added to the joint rules of the
two Ilou^ev:
Unless otherwise ordeied by either House, the first regular
session of every new Congress? shall he terminated by ad-
journment on the first Monday of the month of May suc-
ceeding the commencement ot such session ; and that the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall accordingly adjourn their respective Houses
at the hour of twelve o'clock, meridian, of that day.
1 will simply remark that this is to be in con-
nection with the bill which I offered yesterday, to
fix the first Monday in October as the day for the
annual meeting of Congress.
The resolution lies over for consideration for
one day under the rules.
LIEUTENANT MAUET.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution giving thecon-
sent of Congress to the acceptance by Lieutenant
M. F. Maury, of the Navy, of a gold medal from
his Majesty the King of Sweden; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to give the consent of Congress to
Lieutenant Maury to theacceptanceofagold medal
from the King of Sweden, in testimony of his
high satisfaction with the zealous and unceasing
efforts of that officer, as Superintendent of the
National Observatory at Washington, for promot-
ing the establishment of a universal system of
meteorological observations to the advantage of
navigation in general, and as an acknowledgment
of the kind disposition shown by that officer ro
make the merchant navy of Sweden, in common
with that of other nations, enjoy the benefit of
the discoveries already made in this branch of
science.
Mr. PEARCE. I will'ask the Senator from
California to consent to let this joint resolution lie
over until to-morrow. I am in favor of giving the
consent which lie asks, but I wish to modify the
form of the. resolution. Let it lie oyer until to-
morrow.
The further consideration of the joint resolu-
tion was postponed until to-morrow.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WALKER. I have been authorized bya
meeting of quite a number of the friends of the
homestead bill, to give notice to the Senate that
they will make an effort, and insist on it on Mon-
day next, to take up that measure, moke it the
special order, and continue it from day to day
until it is filially acted upon. They also have di-
rected me to say, that they will endeavor to bring
about the final action this week upon the bill which
has been vetoed by the President of the United
States, so they may not have that in the way next
week to* interfere with the consideration of the
homestead bill.
Mr. GWIN. Inasmuch as 1 am a friend of
the homestead bill, I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will call it up at an earlier day than that
which he mentions. 1 think he might get it up
the day after to-morrow as weli as at any other
time. The bill which has been vetoed can cer-
tainly be disposed of during to-day and to-mor-
row.
Mr. WALKER. 1 will say to the Senator
from California, that if we should be so fortunate
as to get rid of the bill which has been vetoed, it
will certainly be the pleasure of many friends of
the homestead bill to take it up earlier; but it was
thought that it must depend upon the disposition
of the vetoed bill which is under consideration,
unless it should be unnecessarily protracted.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
The Senate proceeded to eonsider the following
resolution from the House of Representatives:
" Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the President
of tlie Senate and the Speaker of the House ot Kepresenta-
