1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
tives adjourn iheir respective Houses on Monday, August
14th, at twelve o'clock, m."
Mr. GW1N I move to amend the resolution
by striking out the words, "Monday, August
14th, at twelve o'clock, m.," and inserting the
words:
From twelve o'clock, m., on Monday, July 17th, until
Monday, the 16th of October next."
I will give the reasons why I offer this amend-
ment. When the resolution passed the House of
Representatives, the special older before that body
was the Pacific railroad bill, which it was ex-
pected would lead to a long debate. Yesterday,
on the motion of the friends of that measure, it was
postponed until the second Monday in December
next. The House then took up the civiland dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, and passed a resolution
to stop debate on it to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
They have now got their business in such a state
that there is no doubt the appropriation hills and
other important measures can beactedupon befoie
the time mentioned in my amendment for taking
the recess. It gives us nearly five weeks until the
commencement of the recess, and all the appro-
priation bills, and other important matters can be
disposed of by the two Houses by that time.
There are other questions of great importance
which ought to be acted upon during this session,
but they can come up after the recess. I am con-
fident in my own mind that we can dispatch the
business better by adopting the amendment which
I propose. I hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the proposition of the
Hotise would be better than the amendment. It
would be better to stay here until the 14th of
August, and transact the business of the session,
and then meet in December next. But, sir, i
have some hopes that if we should let this resolu-
tion he for the present, we might, perhaps, get
ready to adjourn earlier than the time mentioned
in it; and I am sure I should be very glad if that
could be the case. I am unwilling, however,
now, upon the instant, to change our practice,
and to agree to the recess. I have no objection to
changing hereafter, by a law, the time at which
we should meet at what is called the short session
of Congress. I think that that session ought to
be lengthened, and the other session diminished;
but that ought to be done after -we have had
notice, and after the business of the country in
inatured in reference to .mk h a state of things. It
seems to me that we had better pursue the old
practice in regard to this session, and get. through
if we can by the 14th of August, or sooner if
possible. But, in order to do this, I would sug-
gest that it would be probably better to let the
resolution lie upon the table for the present, and
then if we see we can get through and adjourn at
an earlier day, we can take it up and amend it by
fixing such a day. I suggest that that would be
a better course.
Mr. GWIN. There is a proposition now be-
fore the Senate to change the time of the meeting
of the short session, and I have no doubt H will
pass. As to the consequences that might hereafter
result from this, I am of opinion that it cannot he
a precedent if that bill should be passed, as I be-
lieve it will. 1 do not believe there is a member of
the Senate who is not in favor of changing the
time of meeting at the short session of Congress.
There may be a difference of opinion as to when
the session should commence, whether on the first
Monday in October, or the first Monday in No-
vember; but I have no doubt in my mind that
one or the other will command the votes of the
majority of both Houses of Congress; and 1
think there will be no danger in the precedent.
It is well known to members of this body, that
if we want work done we ought to fix the day of
adjournment. I have no doubt that there is a
great change in the opinion of the House since
the passage of the resolution. They have got
clear of the question of the greatest importance
which was before them, and which would have
led to a lengthened debate. We shall soon have
the appropriation bills before us. We shall prob-
ably have them by the time that we get through
with the discussion of the vetoed bill and the
homestead bill. My amendment gives us nearly
five weeks, including the present week, before the
recess. Then there are great and importantques-
tions which can be taken up in October next, and
can be better discussed then than in the dog days.
I hope the amendment will be agreed to. I am
certain that it will facilitate the public business,
and it gives us a longer time than the resolution
of the House. The time which it gives us is also
a better time for working in.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should be very willing to
get the recess asked for by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, but I see no necessity for making it as an
amendment to this resolution. If the Senator
from California thinks the House would favor the
proposition, after the change which has taken
place, he might introduce a separate resolution.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator knows that in the
House of Representatives they could only take
up such a proposition on Monday, and it would
require a two-third vote to do it. A simple ma-
jority could not control it. If we agree to this
resolution, amended in the manner I propose, and
the House disagree to it, they would ask for a
committee of confeience.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then they could not take this
up again, except by a two-third vote. That is
true m the one case as in the other.
As to the idea of the Senator from Virginia, I
think itshould notbe entertained. Ifwenowpass
the resolution fixing a day of adjournment, and
then find that we can get through with the public
business before that day, the passage of this reso-
lution will not pi event us from adjourning earlier;
and my experience has been, as the Senator from
California has said, that by fixing the day of
adjournment we shall get through with the public
business sooner. Unless the time be now fixed,
everybody knows that we shall not adjourn until
September or October; and, therefore, we had
better take up the resolution, and pass it. If the
House desires the amendment which the Senator
from California suggests, they can take up a res-
olution containing: the provision, and pass it. I
am very willing to let this resolution go by the
board, if the Senator from California thinks that
the House will ngree to such a proposition as his.
If that is the case, let their resolution lie here, and
let us send them another. But, while this is in
our hands, I should be unwilling to let it go from
us without adopting it.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so that it may not be construed that the per
diem should be allowed during the recess. With
the amendment of the Senator from California the
resolution might be possibly construed that per
diem should be allowed. I am sure that with that
opinion, the House of Representatives would not
vote for it. 1 move that it be amended by add-
ing a proviso that no per diem shall be allowed.
Mr. DAWSON. By the act of 1818, as I un-
derstand it, if the two Houses of Congress ad-
journ within ten days of tlie next regular meeting
! of Congress, mileage would not bo allowed to the
members. Now, I am sure that gentlemen in the
House, living at a distance, who rely on mileage
j for compensation and tor loss sustained in coming
here, would be very unwilling to forego the mile-
I age; and, therefore, the House would go strongly
: against the proposition of my friend from Cah-
i fornia as it now stands.
That proposition, then, cannot be concurred in;
and, as I am very anxious to adjourn at the earliest
practicable day, I think the better plan would be
to concur in the resolution of the House with some
i amendment, let the House disagree to it, and let
the two Houses meet together by way of a com-
! mittee of conference, and agree upon some plan.
Mr. BADGER. I am in favor of the amond-
: ment proposed by the Senator from California,
and I do not see that it involves any difficulty in
the progress of the resolution through the House.
, If we agree to the amendment, and the House is
' opposed to any recess, they will of course dt&agree
to that amendment, and then it will be m the power
of the Senate to recede from it, and adopt the res-
olution as it came to us from the House. The only
inquiry is this: Would the majority of the Senate
| prefer the recess, or prefer a final closing of the
I session at the time mentioned by the House ? If
the majority of the Senate prefers the recess and
desires to obtain it, and the consent of the House
can be obtained to it, the simplest proposition in
1 the world is to agree to the amendment of the
' Senator from California. It will then go to the
House as an amendment to their resolution. It
; will be considered by the House, as is the constant
habit under such circumstances, and if they dis-
! agree so that we find a recess cannot be obtained,
we shall have but to recede from our amendment,
and agree to the resolution without it.
The difficulty which it is suggested, would arise
if the resolution should pass, is perhaps worthy
of some consideration. I understand it is the
opinion of some of the accounting officers, thai
if this recess be taken the per diem of the Senators
and members of the House will continue. I do
not know how that is, but for one, I do not think
it would be a very great calamity if it should. I
do not look upon it as such a great evil that we
should put ourselves to an extraordinary difficulty
to prevent it falling upon us, and certainly it would
have no injurious etfect upon those among us
who live at a short distance from the Capitol, and
to whom the mileage is a matter of very small
consideration. However, sir, I interpose no ob-
jection if my friend from Texas insists upon it,
to expressly providing that there shall be no per
diem, although we are not so groaning in wealth,
as I have said, that it should be considered a great
evil. I am perfectly indifferent about it, and am
willing to agree to such an amendment.
With regard to mileage, it may be that the result
which my friend from Georgia suggests might
follow, to wit: that gentlemen would not be en-
titled to their mileage at the next regular session,
either because the adjournment of this session
would take place within ten days of the commence-
ment of the next, or because the session might
run on, so as to lose itself in that regular session.
Surely that would not be a matter of great incon-
venience, either here or in the other House, be-
cause a simple proviso or declaration in one of the
appropriation bills would settle that matter, by
declating that this should be considered a distinct
session, for the purpose of allowing mileage.
That is an amendment which would surely com-
mend itself to the two bodies, because every one
would be in favor of it. If anybody should be
opposed to it, there would be no trouble here in
seeing how we would vote; and if the yeas and
nays should be taken, the proposition would cer-
tainly carry. For these reasons, believing that
the best plan which we can adopt is to obtain
what we consider the best, without putting in
jeopardy what is next best to it, 1 shall vote for
the amendment of my friend from California.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Texas, that by an amendment to this reso-
lution he cannot obtain the end he aims at. This
resolution is nothing but a resolution of the two
Houses for a recess; it is not a legislative act. It
does not require the signature of the Executive;
and therefore it could not repeal an existing law.
If, then, it be true that, by an exiting law, com-
pensation would run to the members of both
Houses during the recess, you cannot avoid it by
amending the resolution. You must then, in order
to obtain your end, put a provision in one of the
appropriation bills, or pass some separate act of
legislation for or against the compensation, as
Congress shall see proper. I, therefore, submit to
my honorable friend from Texas, that he with-
draw the amendment for the present, because it
would have no effect if agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I distinctly announced at the
time, in offeiing the amendment, that I should
vote against the whole proposition. I heard the
discussion in the House of Representatives upon
this subject, and I was satisfied that it would be
useless to send such a proposition as this, if the
construction be placed upon it, that during a recess
members would be receiving their per diem. If
that construction be placed upon it. and such
would be the fact, I feel very well satisfied that it
would not pass the House; or, if it did pass, that
it would be put in such a shape as to bring it back
here for discussion again. In regard to the ques-
tion of mileage, and as to what Congress will do,
the honorable Senator from Norih Carolina may
have some means of ascertaining exactly what
the Senate and the House will do; but lam not so
fortunate, I cannot tell what they will do until the
votes are taken.
Mr. BADGER. 1 only presumed it, because
I supposed both Houses would do what was
right.
Mr. RUSK. That is rather a violent presump-
tion, so far as the Senate is concerned. I do not
know much about the House; but m looking at
the proceedings of this body, it is a violent pre-
sumption. I am not able, like the Senator from
North Carolina, as I have said, to foresee exactly
