680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
quentiy to that, a select committee upon the same
subject was raised, and the matter is now being
investigated by the committee.
Mr. BARRY. I should like to make a brief
explanation 
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Barry] be allowed the privilege of making an
explanation ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. BARRY. I move to suspend the rules
of the House, so that I may be permitted to in-
troduce the resolution which has already been
read.
Mr. HIESTER. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order until the rules of the House are sus-
pended.
Mr. BARRY. I wish to state here that the
Secretary of War desires that the charges which
have been preferred against him should be invest-
igated .
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bar-
ry's motion, that the rules of the House be sus-
pended; and it was decided in the negative.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. EWING. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the House—and I hope there will be
no objection to it—to make a special order in ref-
erence to a measure of practical importance. I
wish to have the report presented by the special
committee on the Pacific railroad made the special
order for some day, even if it be a distant day. I
do not care so much about the time.
A Member. Name the day.
Mr. E WING. I propose to make it the special
order for the second Wednesday in May.
A Member. Better make it the second Tues-
day.
Mr. EWING. Very well; let it be made the
special order for the second Tuesday in May.
Mr. HAVEN". I do not know whether it is of
any use for me to undertake to resist these mo-
tions for special orders any further. I have al-
ready, this morning, made objection to one of
these motions; but as I am afraid lest this making
of an additional special order may too much con-
strain the House I oppose it also; I insist that
it is better for us not to tie ourselves up, and re-
press ourselves under such rules, lest when the
time of these special orders arrives it may not be
opportune or appropriate for us to consider them.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, is this de-
bate in order ?
Mr.''EWING. I would simply suggest that
we have so many things before us for our action
that we cannot reach those which are of chief im-
portance without making special orders for them.
If, instead of taking matters of business in the
accidental order of time, we select those of chief
practical importance, and specify a ceitain tune
for them we will do just as well. I think the
House is right in making these special orders; and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] is
wrong in opposing them. This Pacific railroad
affair is a matter of great practical importance,
and I hope that my motion will be acceded to.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to have
this special order made, provided the day is far
enough distant.
Mr. DAViS, of Indiana. I object to this dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. The discussion is not in
order.
Mr. HAVEN. T ask the Chair whether the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky is a
motion to make a special order at this time, or
whether it is merely a motion to suspend the rules,
so as to enable the gentleman to make the motion
he desires?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
inquire whether there was any objection to the
motion, for if there be it cannot be adopted at this
time.
Mr. HAVEN. I object.
Mr. EWING. I thought it was too late to
make objection when we had got to the consid-
eration of the question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
objection was substantially made by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Haven.]
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman from New York
stated that he had a general objection to making
these special orders, but he went on to say—-as I
understood him—that he ilid not object in this in-
stance.
The SPEAKER. At all events, the gentleman
from Kentucky has lost nothing, as it would re-
quire a vote of two thirds to suspend the rules to
^enable him to make the special order he asks.
Mr. EWING. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose; and on that I demand tel-
lers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas lftl, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alien, Ball, Banks, Barttsdale, Bennett, Benton, Bissell,
Breckinridge, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers, Cham-
berlain, Chandler,Churchwetl, Clatk, Cobb, Corvvin, Cox,
Cullorn, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thoums Davis, Dawson,
Dick, Disney,Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton,Edtnands,
Ellison, Engh-h, JOtheridge, Ewing, Farley, Florence,Good-
rich, Gro<'n, Greenwood, Grey, Harrison, Hastings, Hen-
dricks, Hiet-ter, Hill, Hunt, Johnson, Kerr, Knox, Lane,
Latham, McCulloch, Macdonald, MeDousjall, MeMullmJ
Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Paiker, Pock, Penning-
ton, John Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, l're&ton, Ready, Ricli-
aidson, Davul Ritchie, Thognas Ritchcy, Robbing, Roger?,
Russell, Shannon, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard ;
II. Stanton, flexor L. Stevens, Siraub, Andrew Stuart,
Walbiidge, Walker, Wallev, Warren, Elhim B. Wnsh-
burne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Weptbrook,
Witte, Heudrick li. Wiight, Yates, and Zolheotfer—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas II. Bayly, Barry, Bel-
cher, Benson, Carpenter, Ca&kie, Chastain, Colquitt,
Ciaige, Crocker, Dent, Dickinson, Eastman, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Ronton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble,
Guiding*, Ooode, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. ilar-
! ns, Haven, Hibbard, Houston, Hughes. Inger>oll, Daniel
j T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, ICulvvell,
j Kiltrodge, Kuitz, Letchei, Lilly, McNair, M.tUoon, Mau-
i rice, Mayall, Meaeham, Middleswarth, Alilkon, Morgan,
! Morrison, Murray, Orr, Packer, Peekham, Bishop Poikm«,
; Powell, 1'nngle, I'uiyear, Reese, Sabin, Seward, Shaw,
Simmon*-, Skultoit, G«'int Smith, John J. Tajlor, John L.
! Taylor, Thm<-ion, Tiaey, Trout, Upham, Vail, Vansant,
Wiide, VVaNh, Tappan Weutvvoith, Wheeler, and Daniel
B. Wuglit—70.
So the rules were not suspended.
FRAUDS 'ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary, now
charged with the duty of devising measures to recover the
money supposed to have been fraudulently drawn from the
Treasui y upon the chums of Gardiner and Meais, be further
instructed to report what measures are wcessaiy, if any, to
recover money winch has, been driiwn from the Treasury
of the Uniled States for services as Ministers Plempotenti-
I ary, Chaig6 d'Atl'aires of Secretaries of Legation at foreign
! com ts, or other officers of the General Government, by per-
! bon?" who have not entered upon or discharged the duties
j of the offices to which they weie appointed; and also to
| report such additional measures as may be necessary to pre-
i vent in future such frauds upon the Treasury, with power
! to semi toi poison* and papers.
j No objection being made, the resolution was re-
i ceived.
j Mr. CAMPBELL. Before the question is
taken upon the adoption of the resolution, I de-
i aire to make one remark, and will consume but a
I moment or two of the time of the House.
: I understand, from a report which has been laid
! on our desks, that this practice has prevailed to
■ some extent, namely, that persons who have re-
; ceived appointments to lucrative offices under the
: Government, such as ministers, secretaries,judges,
&c., have diawn money from the Treasury for
| their services, outfits, &c., nnd have never, in any
! way, proceeded to discharge any of the duties of
their offices. Such an act I look upon as an out-
rageous fraud, and if the practice prevails, it is one
; that calls for some prompt action upon the part of
, Congress.
It is true I have not heard that any of these
: gentlemen have taken strychnine yet, as in a recent
case, arid I prefer that this investigation should be
, had while they are stiil in the land of the living,
so that they may make their defense, if they have
any. This is all I have to say upon the subject,
, and I move the previous question upon the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw his demand for the
; previous question, in order to allow me to offer an
1 amendment. I do not wish to discuss the matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should like to know what
the gentleman's amendment is before I withdraw
the demand.
Mr. BAYLY. I \rill inform the gentleman, if
I am allowed to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that this discussion is out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, Well, sir, while retaining
the floor, I withdraw the demand in order to hear
the suggestion of the honorable gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. My suggestion is in reference
to the proper course to be pursued in this matter.
I think the proper course would be to call upon the
Department to know whether any such thing as
stated in the resolution has been done. That is all.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would say to the gentle-
man from Virginia, in reply, that the information
has already been called for, and furnished by the
Department, and the gentleman will find it in the
document room. I mention no names in connec-
tion with this matter.
Mr. BAYLY. If the information has been
called for, I have nothing further to say, nor any
amendment to offer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say, in answer
to a suggestion made near me, that names should
be given, that I mention no names, and single out
no individual case. I assert simply that we have
the information from the Department, and that £
think the matter calls for some action on the part
of this House through the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio the propriety of raising
anew committee to take this matter into consid-
eration. If that is done, of course the gentleman
will be at the head of it. If such practices as are
referred to in the resolution have prevailed, they
ought to be exposed, and persons who have com-
muted them ought to be punished; and, in order
that there may be no covering up such practices,
if there is any such thing, I desire that a new com-
mittee may be raised, and the gentleman from
Ohio himself be placed at the head of it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am obliged to the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois for the suggestion.
It is enough, however, for me to say, in reply,
that I have no sort of ambition to be at the head
of any committee myself. I would much prefer
that the friends of the Administration should have
charge of the matter themselves, as it involves,
to some extent, the integrity of the Administra-
tion. It is a matter, I suppose, which affects
them quite as much as it does those of us who
occupy seats upon this side of the House. I have,
however, other reasons, why I do not wish to
be connected with an investigation of this matter.
I have merely offered the resolution because it
appears, as I before said, from information which
we have before us, that such an investigation is
required. I have no doubt the Committee on the
Judiciary are fully competent to do justice to the
subject.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I havea single
suggestion to make to "the gentleman from Ohio.
This resolution seems to refer exclusively to for-
eign Ministers.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, no; itapplies to other
officers of the Government as well as foreign Min-
isters. I understand there are some of the judges
who should be looked after as well as the foreign
Ministers.
Mr. STANTON. The suggestion I was about
to make was that if the resolution referred to
foreign Ministers altogether, it would be proper
that the matter should be intrusted to the care of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I prefer that it should go
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I think it
quite likely that, upon examination, it will be
found that some additional legislation will be
found necessary to prevent the recurrence of these
things in future. It may be that it will be found
that there is no power to punish persons who
have been guilty of receiving their salaries in ad-
vance, without ever once moving towards a dis-
charge of the duties of their offices, and who do
not " disgorge,'* even after they resign. When a
foieign Minister receives his $9,000 outfit, or his
salary in advance, or when a judge receives his
salary in advance, without ever enteiing upon
the duties of his office, and discharges none of the
duties, I regard it as no better than an absolute
robbery of the Treasury. It is a fraud not second
in its enormity to the Gardiner fraud, and ought
