1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
ard, Shields, Stuart, Sumner,Wade, Walker, and Williams
—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard. Bell, Ben-
jamin, Bright, Brodhead, Cooper, Fish, Font, Johnson,
Mason, Norris, Pcarce, Sebastian, Slidell, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, and Toombs—19.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution, which
is as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate will hereafter meet at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays on
the resolution; and they were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to say, in ex-
planation of the vote I shall give on this resolution,
that I am ready to vote for appointing eleven
o'clock as the hour of meeting when we arrive
at that period of the session when it has been
usual for the Senate to adopt that course. The
Senate has not been in the habit heretofore at the
long session of meeting at eleven o'clock, at least
sooner than the month of July. Two years ago
the resolution to meet at that hour was adopted
on the 6th of August. We are all aware that the
committees have now very considerable business
before them, and it must be an inconvenience,
either to the committees or to the Senate, now to
advance the hour to eleven o'clock in the morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. In consequence of the adop-
tion this morning of the resolution for a recess, I
think an additional exertion is necessary on the
part of the Senate to get on with the public busi-
ness. The House of Representatives may adopt
the amendment made this morning by the Senate
to their resolution, and thus an early day will be
fixed for us to adjourn. For that reason, 1 think,
it is necessary that we should occupy as much
time as practicable in forwarding business. At
any rate, we ought to do as much as we can, until
we know whether the House will concur in the
action of the Seriate or not. Hence, I think it is
very proper that we should meet a little earlier
than we have heretofore done.
Mr. PRATT. 1 shall vote with the honorable
Senator from Texas for the resolution which he
has proposed. In to doing, 1 am probably actu-
ated, in some degree, by the same motive which 1
am sure actuates him in reality. Like him, 1
have been occasionally absent during the session,
[laughter,) and I feel the obligation imposed on
me, as f have no doubt he does on himself, to
woik myself, ami get my fnend« in the Senate to
work, by forcing them to meet an hour earlier, in
order to get along with public business. [Re-
newed laughter.] I am sure that is the feeling
with him; I shall go with him, because I have
been absent from the Senate for one or two days
of the session.
Mr. HOUSTON Mr. President, I fee! the
force of the Senator's remarks, and perhaps 1 owe
the Senate some excuse tor my absence, to which
he has alluded. I know very well that I was ab-
sent a good while; and as it will not be disrespect-
ful, I may as weil assign an apology on this occa-
sion. I had been here for months. There was
not any matter of great importance discussed, ex-
cept one "great principle," that I did not under-
stand. I knew, therefore, that it was a consump-
tion of my time to remain here.
There was another reason. I did not consider it
disrespectful to absent myself, but 1 did if in self-
defense. I was afraid 1 should got a surfeit if 1
remained here, and 1 theiefore thought it better
to withdraw myself for a while. I knew there
was suifiucnt ability, pitnotism, and intelligence
among the Senators hero to manage the affairs of
the nation very well, and i considered myself
rather in the nature of a supernumerary, and not
as essential to the conduct of the business of the
body.
These were my only reasons. I intended no
disrespect, I assure gentlemen. I left them with
regret; I returned to renew my association with
them with great pleasure; and, in order that I may
increase that pleasure, I wi^h to see them for a
longer time each day in the Senate Chamber.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I am afraid
the Senator from Texas is disposed to expiate his
own sins by imposing penance upon others.
[Laughter.] I do not see any reason for meeting
at eleven o'clock. We very rarely sit beyond
four o'clock. I doubt whether we shall continue
in deliberation here more than four hours if we
met at eleven, and if we should continue in ses-
sion more than four hours a day, I doubt whether
the public interest would be benefited by it. We
shall become exceedingly weary during the hot
weather of a sitting of four hours. Wehavenot
as yet reached that period of the session when the
committees are without business. Indeed, one of
the committees of the Senate will be pressed with
business from this time until the close of the ses-
sion. We are yet to get the important appropri-
ation bills from the House of Representatives,
and they will require very close and attentive ex-
amination from the Committee on Finance, the
members of which must be either absent from the
sittings of the Senate, or must neglect the peculiar
business of that committee.
But besides that, sir, I do not perceive that we
shall accomplish anything which will expedite
the public business by adopting the resolution of
the Senator from Texas. I believe the Senate is
now largely ahead of the House. I do not see,
therefore, unless we should get behind the House
in the transaction of the public business, that it is
necessary to spur us up. I hope the Senator will
be convinced with this patriotic display of his
intentions, and let the Senate rest in peace a little
while longer.
Mr. CLAYTON. One or two of the consider-
ations mentioned by my friend from Maryland
[Mr. PearceJ will determine my vote. I find, by
inquiry, that noi. only the Committee on Finance,
to whose business he has alluded, but that many
of the other important committees of the Senate,
have a great deal of their business still before
them not reported upon. They require an hour ;
or two hours before the meeting of the Senate, to j
go on with the public business. By meeting at
eleven o'clock we shall make no speed; we shall
cut off the action of the committees, and actually
obstruct the business of Congress. Desirous as 1
am to act with all reasonable dispatch upon the
business of the country, I do not see that the res-
olution now before us will advance the public
interests. My impression is that we had better
continue to meet at twelve o'clock, and give the
committees ample time to digest the measures
upon which we shall be railed to act.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the committees i eally have
business before them—as I have no doubt they
have, for it is so represented—1 would suggest
thai their menibeis can retire after business com-
mences here, as the number of those thus called
oil* would not be very huge, we should probably
have as near a quorum as we usually have Sena-
tors on some of the committees could retire, or
could postpone coming to the Senate for one hour,
and allow the body to goon with the ordinary trans-
action of business. My resolution wdl add an
additional hour to our deliberations heie. Four
o'clock I believe is the usual hour of adjournment,
and my proposition is only to make an advance |
of one hour m the tune of meeting m the morning. 1
The sun now uses at four or five o'clock in the
morning, and thus gentlemen will haveuix or seven
hours from the rising of the sun until the time
which I propose for the meeting of the Senate,
which will afford ample time for all necessary prep-
aration.
The question being taken by yens and nays or.
the adoption of the resolution, resulted—yeas i2U,
nays as follows:
YDAS—Mes^r5!. Allans, Cha^s I>a\vM>n, llodijeof Wis~
eunMii^Uoiluje of I owa, Dowgl.i", 1 Ys mmi<1<'h, (iillrtif. Hatn-
hn, Hoimihk Hunter, James, M.wn, Pian, Ru-k, Seward,
; Shields, Stuart, Walker, and Williams—-521).
NAVS—Messis. Ateht^on. lladgfi, Ba\ard. IK'U, Hrn-
1 i.inini, Hrifilit, Biodhoad, 1'ioivtt, t.'kiv, C'layUui, T'oopcr,
fiv.ins., fi-oi, Pitzpatiirk. Foot. ( e\er, Johnson, IVoiib,
Penree. HebaMi.ui, Sfidell .Thompson ot Kentucky, Thom-
son ol \Yw Jcr-ey. Tuoml^, Toiieoy, and \V;nlo—2o.
So the resolution was rejected.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to theconsideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Weokesday, June 14, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mileurv.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
1 munication from the Clerk of the House, trans-
i mitting estimates of additional appropriations for
I the expenses of the House of Representatives,
! made necessary by existing orders of the House
j and its committees, for the fiscal year ending the
| 30th June, 1855; which,
On motion by Mr. ROBBINS, were referred to
. the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill reported by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] from theCommit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to increase
! the rates of postage, upon which the gentleman
1 from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] is entitled to
; the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Having some suspicion
as to the time when this bill would again come up,
I availed myself of an opportunity of expressing
my views upon this subject when another bill was
under consideration m Committee of the Whole,
and 1 do not, therefore, desire to occupy the floor
now.
Mr. ORR. The debate upon the civil and
diplomatic bill is to be terminated, by a resolution
adopted yesterday, to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
There are seveial gentlemen who desire to speak,
and I therefore move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] will not urge that motion, but
allow committees to make reports during the morn-
ing hour. There are several bills besides the civil
and diplomatic bill upon which gentlemen can
make their speeches. Let us proceed to the reg-
ular order of business, and consume the morning
hour in making reports.
Mr. ORR. We ought to go into Committee of
the Whole for this reason, that those gentlemen
who have prepared their speeches, and desire to
make them, wdl not have an opportunity to do so
for ten days, unless we go into committee now, as
it will take that length of time to dispose of the
! civil and diplomatic bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
! motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whuleon the stateof theUnion,
(Mr. Orr in the chair )
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose they had under consideration the civil and
diplomatic bill, upon which the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Brooks] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BROOKS, after briefly stating the general
outlines of the bill for the establishment of rail-
road and telegraphic communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, proceeded to speak of
the constitutional power to grant lands for that
purpose, contending that the clause in the Consti-
tution, in his opinion, contemplates that the lands
shall be disposed of so as to inure to the benefit
of all the States, and not to one, or a part of them
only, the territory being the common property of
all the States; and, therefore, he was opposed to
the granting of lands m the manner proposed in
that. bill.
Mr. SINGLETON addressed the committee on
our relations with Spain. He contended that
Spain had no cause of complaint against us; for,
in our intercourse with her, we had violated none
of the principles of international law; we had
faithfully fulfilled all our stipulations with her,
and had always endeavored to cultivate and sus-
tain amicable relations with that Power. On the
other hand, Spain had committed a series of ag-
gressions against us, which demanded the prompt
action of our Government. He called the atten-
tion of the committee to various outrages com-
. mitted by Spain on our citizens, and contended
that the execution of Crittenden and his compan-
ions was in vio'ation of treaty stipulations between
! the two Governments. In his opinion the Gov-
ernment of the United States should demand of
| Spain full reparation for all the injuries she has
j committed upon us; we should demand assurance
1 that m the future Spain should use all reasonable
efforts to prevent a recurrence of the wrongs she
had perpetrated upon us, and insist upon it, as a
sine qua non, that that Power should establish a
! tribunal, either upon the Island of Cuba or at a
I point near this Government, with full power to
settle all difficulties which might arise between the
two Governments. If Spain should refuse to
