1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
she is entitled under the act of eighth, of August,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, for ihe Improve-
ment of the Fox and Wisconsin Rivers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Governorof the Stateof Wis-
consin is hereby authorized to cause to be selected
the balance of the land to which that State is en-
titled under the provisions of the act of the eighth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six, granting
land to aid the Territory of Wisconsin in the im-
provement of the Pox and Wisconsin rivers, and
to connect the same by a canal, out of any of the
unsold public lands in said State subject to private
entry at one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, and not claimed by preemption; the quantity
to be ascertained upon the principles which gov-
| allowing the duties on foreign merchandise im-
| ported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Lou-
j isvilie, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be
secured and paid at those places.
t Approved, August 3, 1$54.
| Public, LXXf.—A a Act to Incorporate the vVa-
i tional Hotel Company of Washington City.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That George B. Calvert, Charles B.
Calvert, Roger C. Weightman, Philip Otterback,
John Withers, Richard PI. Stuart, and Joseph
Bryan, and those who may hereafter become
members of the company hereinafter mentioned,
w  - i --i  ...  „ anc* t'le'r successors, be, and they are hereby,
erned the final adjustment of the e:rant to the State 1 i created and declared to be a body-politic and cor-
of Indiana for the Wabash and Erie canal, under jj porate by the name and style of the National
the provisions of the act of Congress approved the j Company Washington City; and, by
ninth of May, eighteen hundred and forty-eig
Affrovbd, August 3, 1854. ;
Public, LX1X.—Jin Jlct to vest in the several ;
Slates and Territories the title in fee of the Lands j
which have been or may be certified to them. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ■
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress j
assembled, That m all cases wheie lands have heet), I
or shall hereafter be, granted by any law of Con- |
gress to any one of the several States and Terri- :
tories, and where said law does not convey the
fee-simple title of such lands, or require patents
to be issued therefor, the lifts of such lands which
have been, or n'.ay hereafter be certified by the
the name aforesaid, to have perpetual succession,
with power to sue and be sued, and to make and
use a common seal, and to make and repeal rules
and by-laws for the good government of said com-
pany; and also to hold, use, and enjoy, in fee-
simple, or for any lesser estate, the lots and par-
cels of ground and premises, situated in the city
of Washington, being lots 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,
and parts of lots 7 and 14, in square 491, on the
plat of said city, upon which are now erected the
house or buildings and appurtenances known and
! denominated as the National Hotel; and also any
■ additional lots or parts of lots, adjoining the said
| property, which may be hereafter acquired by
I said company, and also the improvements, fix-
tures, conveniences, and advantages erected on
make new rules and by-laws, which shall be bind-
ing on the said president and directors: Prcmdti,
That the same be not contrary to the provisions
of this act.
Sec. 6. *ind be it further enacted, That nothing;
in this act contained shall be construed to exempV
the property of said corporation from such tax-
' ation as similar property, belonging to any other
individual or corporation, is subject to.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That nothing
lq this act contained shall be construed to ttuthor-
j ize the said company to exercise banking priv-
[ ileges, or to issue any note in the form of a bank
1 note, or certificate payable to bearer.
. Sf.c. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That each of
| the stockholders in the National Hotel Company
' of Washington City shall be held liable in his or
her individual capacity for all the debts and lia-
bilities of the said company, however contracted
: or incurred, to be recovered by suit as other debts
i or liabilities, before the court or tribunal having
1 jurisdiction of the case.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it may
j be lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, amend,
change, or repeal the foregoing act.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXXITT.—■:ln Jlct malting Jlp-propriatiowt
for the Civil and Diplomatic Expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americtt in Co tigress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, under sajd lots or parcels of ground appurtenant thereto. same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
♦ n q oaaI rtf soirt na npimnald /«• '! n « 1 . - .. - ., . . m. , 11 ;     .<1. ...J    _ . j .
the seal of said office, either as originals, or copies
of the originals or records, shall be regarded as
conveying the fee-simple of all the lands embraced !
in such lists that jsre of the character contemplated :
by such act of Congress, and intended to be j
granted thereby; but where lands embraced in !
such lists are not of the character embraced by j
such acta of Congress, and are not intended to be \
granted thereby, said lists, so far as these lands 1
are concerned, shall be perfectly null and void, i
and no right, title, claim, or interest, shall be con- (
veyed thereby. j
Approved, August 3, 1854. ~ ;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the capi-
tal siock of said company shall be five hundred
thousand dollars; to be divided into five thousand
shares of one hundred dollars each, and shall be
distributed among the parties interested in the
said lots of ground and premises, in such manner
as shall be agreed upon between them; and every
person, copartnership, or corporation, who is or
shall be a proprietor of one or more shares shall,
by virtue theieof, be a member of said corpora-
tion, and shall be entitled, at all meetings of the
stockholders for the election of officers, or for any
other purpose, to one vote, in person or by proxy,
for every share of the stock so held.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the af-
fairs of the said company shall be conducted by
a president and six directors, to be elected by the ||
Public, LXX.—An Act to constitute Palatka and
Bayport, in ihe State of Florida, Ports of Delivery,
respectively, and Keokuk and Dubuque, in the
State of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress r „
assembled, That Palatka and Bayport,in the Slate j| first Monday of November in each succeeding jj
of Florida, shall be, and are hereby, created ports ' ~~ —:,u:~ ' ~v..n ii
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending; the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five, namely:
Legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, one
hundred and six thousand eight hundred and
sixty-two dollars and eighty cents.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates from
Territories, three hundred and forty-four thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.  
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary, in
the service of the Senate, fifty-seven thousand and
ten dollars.
For compensation of the officers and clerks of
of delivery, respectively, and shall be subject to
the same regulations and restrictions ns other ports
of delivery in the United States; and there shall
be appointed a surveyor of the customs, to reside
at each of said ports, who shall, in addition to his '
own duties, also perform the duties and receive !
the salary and emoluments of surveyors prescribed !
by the act of Congress passed on the second day j
of March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty* 1
one, providing for the payment of duties on'im- [
ported goods, at certain ports therein mentioned, I
the same being: entitled " An act allowing the du- i
ties on foreign merchandise imported into Pitts* 1
burg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, 1
Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid at !
those places," and sat d Palatka be made a part and i
annexed to the collection district of St. John's, in ^
said State; and said Bayport be mnde a part and \
annexed to the collection district of St Mark's, in j
said State of Florida: and all the privileges and '
facilities afforded to Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincin- •
nati, Louisville,St. Louis, Nashville,and Natchez, J
by the act of Congress aforesaid, be, and the same '
are hereby, extended to the said ports of Palatka \
and Bayport. J
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted. That Keokuk j
and Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, be, and hereby j
are, constituted ports of delivery within the col-
lection district of New Orleans, and there shall be
stockholders present, or a majority in amount j; the House of Representatives, thirty-four thou*
thereof, on the first Monday of November, in the jj sand four hundred and sixty dollars.
year eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and on the n For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
first Monday of November in each succeeding I] For binding, thirty-five thousand dollars.
year, or within thirty days thereafter, and shall jj For lithographing and engraving, forty-five
continue in office for one year, and until successors .1 thousand dollars.
are chosen; and that the election in November
next shall be held by the persons named in the
fijst section of this act, or a majority of them,
and every subsequent election shall be held by the
president and directors of said company.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the said
president and directois shall have power to fill all
vacancies which shall occur in their own body
For books, ten thousand dollars.
Jj For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
j For newspapers, two thousand six hundred dol-
j;lars.
i For Congressional Globe, and binding the same,
!| sixty-five thousand dollars.
i: For reporting proceedings, thirteen thousand
i! dollars.
during their continuance in office, and to prescribe ^ For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses
i the evidence of ownership and mode of transfer !| and carry-alls, thirty thousand dollars.
i of shares of stock in said company; and they'1 For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
J shall keep full records of their proceedings, which I lars.
| shall be open to the inspection of the stockholders For paper and printing of the Senate, eighty-
| at all times, and shall report at least annually, a } five thousand dollars: Provided, That whenever,
' statement of their affairs to the stockholders, and / in the opinion of the Joint Committee on Printing,
; shall declare dividends of the profits, or any part ji the character of any document ordered to be
S thereof, at their discretion, and generally may j printed may render such change necessary and
i exercise all the power and privileges of the cor- \\ proper, the size of the page may be changed from
{ poration necessary or proper to promote the ob- I octavo to quarto form; but in no case shall the
; jects thereof. !: prices to be paid for composition and press-work
i Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the '> exceed, pro lata, those established.by the printing
shares of the capital stock of said company shall ;! act of August the twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, for the printing of congressional
documents.
For the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For binding documents, thirty-nine thousand
be deemed personal estate, and that special meet-^j
ings of the stockholders may be called by the i;
president and directors, or by any number, not ;j
less than one third in amount of shares of the:1
stockholders, at which meeting members present,
and representing a majority of the whole capital ij three hundred and seventy five dollars.
appointed a surveyor of the customs for each of;! stock, shall be a quorum for the transaction of jt For furniture and repairs, three thousand eight
said pons, who shall be residents thereat; said i| husiness; and the stockholders at such meetings, 11 hundred and seventy-five dollars.^
surveyors shall perform the duties and receive the i: or at any geneial annual meeting, where such
salary and emoluments prescribed by the act of j majority of stock is represented, shall have full
Congress approved on the second day of March, ;j power to alter or repeal any by-law or regulation
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, entitled " An act ;; made by the premd&ut and directors, and may
For stationery for members, fifteen thousand
dollars.
1 For twenty-one messengers, twenty thousand
i dollars.
