1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the expenses of codifying and
revising ihe revenue laws.
The SPEAKER. The resolution contains an
appropriation, and therefore requires a suspension
of the rules to lie considered in the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Dut two thirds of the House
h-tve decided that it should be received, and it is
now before the House.
Toe SPEAKER. They may have decided that
with a view of sending the resolution to another
committee. The Chair has uniformly held that
the uiles must be suspended in a case of this kind.
The ouestmn was then taken upon the suspen- [
sion oftiie rales, requiring a joint resolution to be
first considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and it was decided in the
affirmative. i
So the rules were suspended. ;
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon ,
ordering the lesohition to he lead the third time, j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 wish to make an j
inquiry ofthe gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr ;
.Tones'] 1 understand the gentleman to say that |
this resolution had been examined by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. 1 do not think that
it has been be'ore any Committee of the House. ;
Mr. HOUSTON"." The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Jokes] is mistaken, I think, in the
statement that he made. It is very possible that
he was mis'ed by myself. VVe had a conversa-
tion this morning, in which I informed him that
1 had examined the bill myself, but that it had
not been before the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is an order made by the Senate at the
last session, and the labor has been done. The
estimate made by the Secretary of the Treasury
was not placed in the deficiency bill, because the
Senate had already passed a joint resolution for
the purpose of defraying the expenses ot this
work, before we could take any action upon the
bill. The money is already due, and i do not
see that we can avoid its payment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. J would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Jones,] who has examined the bill, how
many persons have been em ployed upon this work, ;
and whether there is any limitation as to their j
compensation ? Is the Secretary of the Treasui y j
to be authorized to pay to one man 510,000 for his j
services ? I think that there should be some lim- j
itation as to the pay, and that the resolution ;
should also read: To pay the expenses of codify- 1
ing and publishing the revenue laws of the j
country j
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I will state, tor ;
the infoi mation of the House, that when this les- ,
olutiun *vas passed by the last Congress, it was (
contemplated by the Secretary of the Treasuiy to
employ three gentlemen. Three distinguished
gentlemen were appointed and sent for. On tneir
arrival they found that the whole sum limited oy
Congress for the purpose of codifying the laws
I have also offered
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.
an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was on the floor and offered an amendment,
and the Chair does not understand that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has yielded the floor for
any such purpose to either gentleman. The Chair
now desires to know whether the gentleman from
I Pennsylvania yielded_the floor to the gentleman
j from Tennessee, or the gentleman from Virginia,
I to propose amendments?
I Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I cannot yield
the floor for such purpose to either gentleman.
; Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the
' gentleman from Virginia to yield me the floor for
| an instant.
j Mr. JONES. Certainly,
j Mr. WASHBURN. I ask the gentleman if
! he will not consent to defer this matter? Let us
' pass from its consideration to-day, and then take
■ it up to-morrow, when we can have all the inform-
j ation necessary for a thorough examination of the
j subject.
! Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I would state
; to the gentleman overthe way [Mr Washburn,
, of Maine,] that here is the report, the substance
I Of which 1 have already stated.
I I would have no hesitation in accepting the prop-
! osition of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
!* Jones,] if I knew all the facts of the case, so that
|! it might not be embarrassed by an amendment of
j! this kind. I have not the slightest doubt, in my
i! own mind, that the amount to be received by
ii Judge Barrett, over and above the expenses of the
II work, is.not equal to the compensation offered by
11 the gentleman from Tennessee. He has entered
; into a specific contract or agreement, as I under-
stand it, with the Secretary of the Treasury, and
lias taken upon himself individually the payment
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Over nine
months.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are we to pay
this gentleman $10,000 for nine months' v/ork?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Certainly not. !
That sum is to pay the expenses of the whole j
work, as already stated, including clerk hire, j
printing, binding, &c.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What other ex- j
penses are there which we shall have to pay m
connection with this work?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I am willing
to answer the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to the full extent of my knowledge. I
cannot precisely say what other expenses there
are connected with this matter. I can only say
that $10,000 were appropriated, or directed to be
appropriated, at the last Congress, which, as I un-
derstand it, was to cover everything. The bill
was passed in the last Congress, but has been lost.
When Mr. Barrett was employed by Mr. Guthrie
he was assured by him that an appropriation had
been made. On his arrival here, nine months
ago, he consented to enter upon the duties of the
office under that impression.
He undertook the labor and superintendence of
the work. The other two gentlemen dec-lined it,
because there was not compensation enough left
to pay the three. He undertook it in good faith.
Thisconttact was made with the Secretary of the
Treasury, who was authorized to make it, by a
resolution of the Senate, to which I refer gentle- j;
men. This resolution authorized and directed |
him to employ persons, and to have the work j'
performed. i
Mr. HOUSTON. Read the resolution. i
Mr. JONES read the resolution, as follows: ;
" ilesoU-c<!,ThaUhpSecretarvoftheTrea^uryberequired ; ^  t      „
to have prepared and submitted to the Senate at its next ,, of ^ sa]aries 0f aH his clerks, the expense,® of
iTZJjSS |i hls office' and every other expenseconnected with
nepdiui provision* for regulating tli« foreign and domestic j
commerce of (he United Slate* in American and foreign i
vessels, the assesp igandcoII«clinuof the duties connected .
with the same, including fees of ail kind.-*, tonnage duty j
and light money, the registering, enrolling, and licensing ot j
vessels, the number, duties, and emoluments ot custom- j
bouse officers and employees of every kind, the levying i
and remission of penalties, fines, and forfeitures, the ser- j
vice of the revenue marine in all Us details, and providing j
generally for the due performance of all the duties of any ,
description connected with the revenue servicp m aU its |
branches and details, including all the requisite omcial i
forms to be observed 111 the transaction of custom-house J
hU^lResolved further, That in the preparation of the said
revenue code or law it shall be distinctly shown what are
the provisions of existing laws which are retained, what.
it any, p  «on of said «xiMing laws are omitted, and what
grovitions or additions are made.5'
Now, Mr. Speaker, I may, in connection with
this, sav, that I
it; and his compensation is to be the balance left,
which, according to my information, will be aless
sum than that offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Now, to undertake to make a restriction without
beiiist sufficiently informed of all the details and
factsTmight embarrass the matter. I can only-
say to the House that this $10,000 was appropri-
ated more than one year ago. It was passed by
the Senate unanimously, and has been upon the
Calendar of the House ever since it was sent in
from the Senate, and is the first on the Calendar. I
have conferred upon this matter with several of
the members of the Committee of Ways and
Means—not in their official capacity, but individ-
ually and with other members of this House,
and I have not found a.single gentleman who un-
Utl^l C'lO 1 I fc. ^ ,/ <_> ^ 1 Cv«- t * V'lJV « - 1 1*1
wis slU.000; and it was ascertained that this sum ■, apJ the gP(.retary 0f the Treasury were under the
-    '• pression that the money had been already ap-
tnis sav, luan have been informed by Judge i ,]er&to0d it who has had a single doubt of its pro-
Barrett "of iny State, thett could he possioly have ;t p,-iety and importance. It is estimated for by the
anticipated the amount of labor and expense re- ; secretary of the Treasury, who has requested this
' House and the Senate to appropriate the money
to pay for the work which they ordered him to
have done.
anticii.u.vu .....     i • re-
quired he never svould have undertaken it. lie
has worked on it for nine months without having
received one dollar of compensation, both he
would not prove an adequate compensation for
the amount of labor required to oe performed,
after deducting: the expenses of printing, binding,
and all other expenses incidental to the woik.
Judge Barrett, of my own State, was one of the j
three gentlemen appointed for this purpose, lbe
other two gentlemen appointed declined to act,
and, at the solicitation of the Secretary of the |
Trewurv, Judge Barrett consented to undertake
the whole labor, including all tne expenses o
clerk hire, printing, binding, &c.,for the compen-
sation of slO.OOO. The resolution now introduced >
does not propose to give a dollar more than that t
sum. That was the limitation made by the last i
Congress, and it is the limitation made now. l ne
S-n ate passed this resolution appropriating
§10,000 immediately after the commencement ot
this session. Judge Barrett authorizes me to say
now that the work will be completed by tne n«x'
month, and that not another dollar will he asked
for from the Government for the eomp.etion ot
the work. It is not to be provided for as a deh-.
ciency.but it is provided for in a special act making '
an impropriation for a special work.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would ask tne
gentleman whether there has been any money
her?to(V re flnpr^rvinted for this object.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Not a dollar.
Mr. JONBS, of Tennessee. How long have
these gentlemen been employed upon this woik.
PrMi\ JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) Mr. ,
Speaker  !
Mr JONES, of Pennsylvania. I only want to
make one remark more.' There were two clerks
employed. This $10,000 is to coyer all toe labor
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
«in le inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. What did this gentleman get for his ser-
vices as judge in Pennsylvania?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Sixteen hundred
dollars a year and mileage.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
and expenses of the work; and 1 can safely sav i; he had not better submit a motion to refer this bill.
that the amount originally contemplated and asked Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, Let me say, fur-
for bv the Secretary of the Treasury >s not too 1 t}!ei.) in replv to the gentleman from lenriessee,
luro- I not only know myself, but 1 have ascer- ' that judffe Barrett, of Pennsylvania, assured me
tamed from a gentleman who I am convinced would 1 that an he couit[ realize out ol this contract would
not mislead me, that this sum is hardly sufficient. ;
Judge Barrett only asks for that sum, m coinph-
ance with his contract made with Mr. (juthne. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 propose to amend ;
the resolution by providing that the compensation j
of the principal employed on the said work snail
not exceed «.3,500 per annum, and that the com- ;
pensation of the clerks employed snail not exceed .
$1,500 per annum.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia
Mr. Chairman, I
not be equal to his salary of $1,600a year at home.
Air. .10NE8, of Tennessee. Strange . 1 never
knew a man in my life to get anything out of the
United States that did him any good [Laughter.]
Mr PECXvHAM. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania what evidence there is before
the House'that (he work was or would be com-
pleted satisfactorily and thoroughly, and accord-
to the original contract? 1 do not know o.
any evidence before the House to_that effect^ and
iVir. o.vjiiix, «->! ' «&«•—   - | ■ j - favor of payirfff until the work is done.
propose an amendment, which 1 .mve sent t< tn > - 0f Pennsylvania. The Secretary
/*<!^,-1?- 't. rl>ic!r n ' r^-t _ i_ - ^ ,•!  .rrro of*
Clerk's desk. i| , Treasury has entire charge of the matter
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair mdentt d I ot ^ ^ f)f CJ , nni he aska {or money to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] as ,| / ,mve or(iered him to have
the gentleman from felines- ,, ^ cenamiy win not pay unie3s the
|! work is done, and done properly.
Yielding the floor to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, for the puipose of permitting hun to bUbmit |
an amendment ?
