THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON. D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1854.
New Series No.
accede to these propositions, so just and liberal in
their character, he was for blockading every port
of Cuba, and for taking possession of it, and oc-
cupying it, so long as our arms could hold it.
Mr. LATHAM, after referring to the course
of debate, said that there are too many teachers,
who slightly vary in the doctrines they would in-
culcate, theiefore it was difficult to determine who
are the orthodox teachers and who are not. He
sketched the prosperous condition of the country,
and then said he saw no reason why we should
assert what we intend to do hereafter. If the
world has not sagacity enough to seethe tendency
of our policy, it is not becoming in us to proclaim
what we will do in our forthcoming strength. The
misfortune is, that we have too many great men,
whose prurient ambition stops at nothing, and
whose longing after immortality is never satisfied
till they see their names in print. He proceeded
to speak in relation to the resolution heretofore
offered with regard to the rights of neutrals. He
saw no necessity for such a declaration, as those
rights are perfectly well understood. We have
ever acted up to our professions, and the world
lias given us credit for it. He had no doubt that
our country will always stand up for her rights,
and maintain them at all hazards. All we ask is
a strict observance of our rights as neutrals.
As to another set of resolutions with regard to
Cuba, he admitted that our relations with Spain
are delicate. We have no idea of any other gov-
ernment holding Cuba tut Spain. Cuba is a
plantation badly worked for the proprietor. In
course of time it must come under the hammer,
and we can pay a sufficient amount to remove the
mortgage. At the same time we have no idea
that any other nation than ours shall bid for it.
In case of the death of the owner, we shall enter
as administrator of the estate. He did not mean
to be understood as advocating a speedy ejection
of the present owner. All peaceable means should
first be resorted to; and we should not make use
of force until we are compelled to do so; and when
we do strike, let us not strike in vain,
Mr. CHANDLER. I havelistened with great
pleasure, as I always do, to the remarks that have
fallen from the honorable gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Latham,] upon the other side of the
House. If I could not appupve every sentiment
that sprung from his hps, I approve the spirit by
which those sentiments were engendered. I was
delighted to hear him speak of the early history
of our country, and the Herculean vigor which
has attended her onward course. I was gratified
with the remarks of the honorable gentleman,
wh'en comparing our country to ancient Rome—
with the vigor of her arms, and the energies with
■which she met the enemies of her Republic, and
reduced them to the allegiance of her laws, morals,
and customs.
While the gentleman was thus speaking of
Roman vigor, intellect, and virtue, I also recol-
lected something of Roman economy at the same
time. 1 remember that while the consuls and
military power of Rome were carrying abroad her
eagles to alarm and conquer the world, the tribunes
and people at home were contributing to the com-
. fort, convenience, and healthfulness of the Roman
people; and while the blood of foreign nations
was poured out beneath the sword of her foreign
leaders, from every square, every street, and every
temple in ancient Rome, there gushed forth the
pure, healthful, native element of water that taught
them cleanliness; for the virtue of cleanliness, I am
told, is next to godliness.
When the deficiency bill was before this House
a few weeks since, there was a motion made for
an appropriation to continue, not to commence, the
construction of the water-works. I beg members
who are kind enough to listen to me, to hear me not
for any eloquence I may have, but simply to hear
me for my cause, and to be silent that they may
hear. [Laughter.] When the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had under con-
sideration", a few weeks since,a proposition to make
an appropriation for the continuation of the aque-
duct, a strong argument was made upon this sub-s
m
ject by the honorable gentleman whom I am glad
to see in his seat, an argument which I desired to
answer at that time; but being honored with aseat
which you now occupy, I was deprived of that
pleasure. Not believing that this question would
so soon come up, or, in other words, not dreaming
that the debate upon the report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, the civil and diplomatic
bill would so soon close, I neglected that prepara-
tion which is always useful to a man who would
speak instructively to the House, and which is
always respectful to such a body as is assembled
here.
I do not desire to call the attention of the House
back to the measure which was then under con-
sideration. I desire, in the first place, to remark,
that my object is to offer an amendment to the
bill now under consideration, if the proposition is
not already there, making an appropriation of
§500,000 to continue the aqueduct, already com-
menced, for the supply of the District of Columbia
with pure and wholesome water.
Somebody, the honorable gentleman on my
left, I think, [Mr. Skelton,] I recollect, and
some others, asked why Congress should do this,
why the people of the city should not wash them-
selves; why they should not do their own work,
and m their own way? Mr. Chairman, following
the advice of the Father of his Country, the nation
selected a site for a city, and invited to it none of
the appliances of commerce, none of the conveni-
ences of trade, none of the elements of manufac-
tures, but intended it for a place where the repre-
sentatives of the people should quietly assemble,
beyond the noise and din of trade, beyond the
influences of the larger commercial marts of the
country, and enjoy the peace and repose neces-
sary to that reflection on which laws are made,
and not, sir, I trust, without the comforts and
conveniences which every man in this country is
entitled to.
Sir, that is one reason why Congress has al-
ways been called upon,4pr, rather, why it has
always volunteered, to vote money for the im-
provement of this capital. The population of this
city is composed, in a great degree, of clerks. It
is generally a community of persons who are de-
pending, day by day, for their daily support on
the pittance allowed to them by Congress; and
Congress has been always careful not to extend
its liberality to such an excess as that those people
should become independent of it, nor does it give
them sufficient to raise them to that independence
which we, who live in other parts of the country,
hope to attain and preserve. That, 1 repeat, is
one reason why Congress has always done the
work necessary for this city—because it is their
own city; and that is why, to prevent dust from
flying into the eyes of congressmen, the avenue,
which had been macadamized, was pebble-paved;
and, to protect congressmen from the inconveni-
ence of walking in the dark, we have lighted the
avenues. I might say something about other
reasons; but I fear that I should tread on some
one's corns, [laughter,] and thus I shall say noth-
ing about them.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another reason
why water should be supplied to this city. I say
nothing of the great demands which we members
of Congress have for that element of health, com-
fort, and strength, for drinking.
But the amount of property owned by the Uni-
ted States in pfiblic buildings here has great de-
mands upon us for protection from fire; and, if for
no other reason, we should carry out this plan of
supplying the capital with water, this single rea-
son is sufficient to enable us and to authorize us
to make the appropriation which I shall ask you
to make. I hope, sir, this Capitol is not destined
to be burned again. I hope not; but I say to you,
there is not a shanty within a hundred miles of
this city which is such a complete tinder-box as
is this Capitol. You may look around and see
these massive pillars; you may look around and
see these marble cornices; and you may look on
the floor and see it laid in brick and mortar, and
say that fire cannot reach them.
But, sir, there is a dome over the center building
of this Capitol which invites fire. There is a nest
of dry materials there, covered over with tarred
paper, that seems almost to threaten conflagration
without the use of the torch—a spontaneous com-
bustion. When, two years since, the library of
this House was destroyed for wantof water—when
$200,000 were lost there for the want of a little
water—then, sir, it was nothing but the accidental
placing of a military force upon the spiral stairs
of the House that kept the fire from reaching that
dome. The whole roof, a gentleman on my right
tells me, is of the same character. There is noth-
ing in this House but the posts and the persons,
but what is subject to conflagration. [Laughter.]
These are some of the reasons why we should
make this appropriation. There is one thing
which concerns our health very much; for I am
making on argument ad hominem, and I am apply-
ing my remarks to myself, and to those who are
here, the Representatives of the people. There is
not a street in this city, not a narrow street run-
wing between the avenue, but is in a state so filthy
as to engender miasma and disease. I know
something of this maiter. I understand it well.
I was long engaged with the sanitary condition of
a large city during the prevalence of an epidemic,
and 1 know what it is that medical men consider
as the leading cause of disease, and what is neces-
sary to apply to remove those causes.
But I say there are narrow streets where the
impurities are so great that nothing less than a
large body of water, frequently turned into them,
would suffice to clear them out. Let us, there-
fore, supply water for their cleanliness, and to
promote their health. Salus populi supremo. est
lex. That is, it should be the first law of the
land to keep the people healthy; and, most of all,
should the Representatives of the people be in a
healthy and sound condition of mind and body.
Perhaps, sir, it would be as well for me here to
give a short statement of what has been under-
taken and done in the attempt to supply this city
with water under the direction of Congress.
Its history is as follows: . •
Congress appropriated $5,000 to enable the
President to make the necessary surveys, projects,
and estimates for determining the best manner of
affording to the cities of Washington and George-
town an unfailing and abundant supply of good
and wholesome water.
A survey, under a small appropriation made by
a previous Congress, assisted by an appropriation
by the city, had been made in 1850 of Rock Creek,
by Colonel G. W. Hughes. The means at his
disposal did not enable him to make a survey of
the Great Falls of the Potomac. His report and
estimate were submitted to Congress, and the re-
sult was the appropriation of $5,000 in 1852,.
before mentioned, for further surveys. Captain*
Meigs was directed by the orders of President
Fillmore, on the 3d November, 1852, to make this
examination. His report was transmitted by Ms,
Fillmore to the Senate on the 21st February, 1853>
and was printed in Ex. Doc. No. 48, 32d Cong.
2d Sess., (Senate,) and has been laid on the table
of every member of Congress. In it three plans
are examined and discussed.-One is to obtain the
water from Rock Creek by a larger reservoir and
aqueduct than that proposed by Colonel Hughes.
One to take it from the Little Falls of the Potomac,
elevating it by water power, to reservoirs a short
distance above Georgetown. The other is to take
it by its natural flow, without any machinery,
from the Great Falls of the Potomac, fifteen miles
from Washington, and to bring it by a circular
brick aqueduct, constructed precisely like the sew-
ers of a city, to a large reservoir on the high
ground near Georgetown, and thence by iron
pipes through Bridge street, Georgetown, and
Pennsylvania avenue, Washington, to the Presi-
dent's House, Capitol, Navy-Yard, and principal
public buildings of Washington. The advantages
and disadvantages of these three plans are set forth
fully in the report, and the last is recommended
for adoption.
The debate in the Senate, 28th February? 1853&
