225*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
For horses and carriages, four thousand and
fifteen dollars.
For fuel, oil and candles, three thousand dol-
lars.
For newspapers for members, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For engraving and lithographing, seventy thou-
sand dollars.
For Capitol police, three thousand five hundred
and sixty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For messenger in charge of Hall, one thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For two messengers in Clerk's office, three thou-
sand dollars.
For saddle horses, eight hundred dollars.
For laborers, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For pages, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For folding documents, seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For paper and printing of the House, one hun-
dred and twelve thousand seven hundred and
twenty-one dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of librarian, two assistant
librarians, and messenger, four thousand five hun- i
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said library, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said library, five
thousand dollais.
For pujchase of law books for said library, two
thousand dollars.
For the completion and the publication of the
works ofThomn* Jefferson,and pay of the editor
of said work, seven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
To enable the Joint Committee on the Library
of Congress to replace the seven volumes and atlas
of the Exploring Expedition, destroyed by the
burning of the hbiaiy and the plate and other
propeily destroyed by the fire in Philadelphia,
including binding, nine thousand and ten dollars
and seventy-five cents.
Exccvtive.
For compensation of the President of the United
States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Department of State.
For compensation of the Secretary of State and
Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messenger,
and assistant messenger m his office, thirty-eight
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
D/partment. j
Foi publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and !
in the newspapers of the States and Territories, '
anil in the city of Washington, eighteen thousand '
five hundred and twenty-five dollars. j
And such sum shall be paid for publishing the j
laws m California, Oregon, and Washington, as '
the Secretary of State may deem reasonable. !
For proof-reading, packing, and distributing
laws and documents, including cases, labor, and !
transportation, ten thousand dollars. ;
For.stationery, blank hooks, binding,labor and [
attendance, furniture, fixtures, repairs, pawning i
and glazing, four thousand four hundred dollars i
For copperplate printing, books and maps, one j
thousand dollars. j
For newspapers, four hundred dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, two thousand '
dollars.
Said clerks to be employed only during the ses- '
sion of Congress, or when indispensably neces- 1
sary, to enabln the Department to answer some,
call made by either Bouse of Congress at one ses- 1
sion to be answered at another. j
For miscellaneous items, one thousand dollars. ;
For purchasing for the use of the State Depart- :
ment, one hundred copies of Little & Brown's
edition of the United States Statutes at Large, and !
the same number of the pamphlet iaws of the j
Thirty-Third Congress, three thousand five hun- '
dred and seventy-five dollars. 1
For the purchase of fifty sets of Howard's Re-
ports of the Decisions of the Supreme Court of!
the United States, thre® thousand five hundred \
dollars.
For the purchase of copies of the Reports of the j
Supreme Court and Opinions of the Attorneys j
General of the United States for the executive j
offices of the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, i
four hundred and fifty dollars. j
Northeast JExecalive Building. \
For compensation of the superintendent and I
four watchmen of the northeast Executive Build- j
ing, two thousand two hundred and fifty dollars. ;
For contingent expenses of said building, viz: ;
For fuel, light, labor, and repairs, three thou- I
sand three hundred dollars. j
Treasury Department. ;
■For compensation of the Secretary of the ;
Treasury and Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger ,
in his office, fifty-two thousand two hundred and j
fifty dollars. ;
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the clerks and messenger m his office, twenty- '
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the cleiksand messenger m his office, twenty- ,
five thousand five hundred dollars. j
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the '
clerks and messenger, and assistant messenger in ■
his office, thirty thousand nine hundred dollars. ,
For compensation of tiie Second Auditor, and !
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in |
his office, thirty-one thousand seven hundred dol- ■
lais. j
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and j
the clerks, messenger,and assistant messenger in .
his office, sixty-six thousand nine hundred and |
fifty dollars.
For compensation to temporary clerks, em-
ployed in the office of the Third Auditor on ,
bounty-land service, and arrears of pay, twenty- ;>
ninethousand six hundied and eight dollars: Pro• i
vided, That no clerk shall receive more than at
the rate of one thousand dollars per annum under |
this act, except one, whose salary shall be six- j
teen hundifd dollars per annum, and four whose '
compensation shall be four dollars per day.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger m j
his office, twenty-five thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the i
clerks and messenger in his office, twelve thousand
thiee hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Post -
Office Department, and the clerks, messenger, and !
assistant messenger in his office, one hundred
and thirty thousand six hundied dollars. !
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni- I
ted States, and the clerks, messenger, and an assist- 1
ant messenger in his office, twenty-one thousand
five hundred dollars—the office of assistant mes-
senger being hereby created, at an annual salary
of fire hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and theclerks, messenger,and assistant mes-
sengers m his office, forty-one thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars. 1
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas- i
ury, and the clerks and messengers m his office, |
twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
seventeen thousand seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger :
of the Light-House Board, seven thousand six
hundred doHais. '
Contingent Expenses of the Tieasury Department. '
For labor, blank books, stationery, binding,
pealing ships' lejristeis, translating foieign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire for pre-
paring and collecting information to be laid before i
Congress—said clerks to be employed only during ;
the session of Congress, or when indispensably >
neccssary to enable the Department to answer
some call made by either House of Congress at ,
one session to be answered at another; and no !
such extra clerk shall receive more than three dol-
lars thirty-thiee and one third cents per day for '
the time actually and necessarily employed—ten
thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand eight
hundred dollars. j
In the office of the First Comptroller: j
For furniture, blank books, binding, stationery, '
books to supply deficiencies in the documentary
library, labor, and miscellaneous items, two thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank books, binding, stationery, pay for
the National Intelligencer and Union, to be filed
and preserved for the use of the office, seven hun-
dred dollars.
For labor, office furniture, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor,
and cases for records and official papers, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items,including subscription
for the Union and National Intelligencer, to be
filed for the use of the office, three hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor,
office furniture, and miscellaneous items, including
two of the daily city newspapers, lo be filed,
bound, and preserved for the use of the office, one
thousand two hundred dollars. •
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, office fur-
niture, carpeting, labor, two newspapers, the
Union and Intelligencer, preserving files and pa-
pers, expenses of bounty-land service, miscella-
neous items, and arrearages, four thousand five
hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For stationery,-books, and binding, six hun-
dred dollars.
For labor, one hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For hire of laborers, three hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, including purchase of
new furniture, five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department:
For labor, stationery, blank books, (including
forty large ledgers,) binding and ruling, ten thou-
sand and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, file-boards, repairs,
cases, and desks for safe-keeping of papers, new
furniture, lights, washing towels, ice, horse for
messenger, telegraphic dispatches, and stoves, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor,
and miscellaneous items, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For ruling and full binding twenty-three books
for recording the collectors' quarterly abstracts
of the commerce and navigation, and blank ab-
stracts for their use, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For blank books, binding, and stationery, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For labor and other miscellaneous items, in-
cluding carpeting, office furniture, and for addi-
tional oases for filing the accounts of the First
Auditor, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For arranging and binding canceled marine
papers, returned by the collectors of the customs,
one thousand dollais.
In the office of the Solicitor:
For blank books, binding and stationery, one
thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two hundred dollars.
For statutes and law reports, including those of
the several States, one thousand dollars.
In the officeof the Commissioner of Customs:
For blank books,binding, stationery, andlabor,
one thousand seven hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, three hundred dollars.
Light-House Board.
For blank books, binding, and stationery, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous expenses,three hundred and
fifty dollars.
For postage, one hundred and twenty dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building.
For compensation of eight watchmen of the
