1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
Mr. WRIGHT. It differed in terms from this.
I hope the objection will be withdrawn.
Mr. RITCHIE. I do not object to the resolu-
tion; I merely throw out the suggestion to my
colleague.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to it.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of enabling me to introduce the
resolution.
The question was then put; and, on a division
being had, there were—ayes 59, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
CAPTAIN MARCY's SURVEY.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Reiolvrd, That there be published ten thousand extra
copies of Captain Marcy's survey and exploration of the
Red river and it-i sources.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will receive
the resolution and adopt it. The report is a very
valuable one.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad to
know in this connection something about the
publication of books which we have already or-
dered. I do not exactly understand the import-
ance of ordering books to be published when we
cannot get them for a long time after they are or-
dered. For instance, Herndon's Report, forwhich
the people are continually calling, has not yet
been published, and laid before the members of
this House. And so it is with the publication of
the eulogies pronounced on the death of Vice
President King. We cannot get them, and I
think that we had better take some steps towards
getting those already ordered than directing more
books to be published, which may get out of date
before we can receive them.
The SPEAKER. The question is only upon
a reference of the resolution to the Committee on
Printing. If there be no objection that reference
will be made.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
LONDON EXHIBITION BOOKS, ETC.
Mr. CHANDLER. About three weeks ago
a joint resolution was received in this House from
the Senate, authorizing the Library Committee to
receive certain books and medals illustrative of
the London exhibition in 1851. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to put the resolution
upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows:
A joint resolution accepting certain volumes and
medals presented by her Britannic Majesty's Gov-
ernment to the United States.
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing; and, having been read the third time, it was
Mr. JL.ANE. I move to suspend the rules, to
enable me to introduce it.
The question was put, and the motion was not
| agreed to; two thirds not voting in favor thereof, i
i the SAN FRaNCISOO.
j Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, offered the following
I resolution; which was read for information:
| Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole « n the state
j Of the Union he, and the same is hereby, discharged from
| the further consideration of joint resolution, (No. 16,)
j being the "Joint resolution manifesting the sense of Con-
i gress towaid? the officers mid seamen of the vessels, and
j others, enlaced in the rescue of the officers and soldiers of
j the Arm}', the passenger?, arid the officers, and crew of the
' steamship San Francisco fiom perishing with the wreck of
j that vessel,'5 and that the bame be now put upon its pas-
: sage.
i Pending the reception of the resolution—
i Mr. WARREN moved that the House do ad-
journ, which motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly, at three o'clock, p. m.,
| adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
DUTY ON SALT DRAWBACKS.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following bill. My
object is to have it referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The bill was then read the first and second time
by its title, as follows:
A bill to repeal the duty on salt, all allowances
to fishing vessels, and drawbacks upon the ex-
portation of pickled fish.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I object.
Mr. DISNEY. I move, then, to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling me to introduce
the bill.
The question was then put; and there appeared
71 votes in the affirmative.
Mr. DISNEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Breckinridge were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. That is not two-thirds; and
the question is lost.
PENSIONS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I offer the following
resolution:
Resohed, That the Ommittee on Invalid Pensions he
instructed to inquire into the ju^ticc and expediency ot re-
porting a bill providing for granting pensions to all persons
who have actually served in the field a- privates or non-
commis.sioned ortieor^in any of the Indian wars, and in the
late war with Great Britain.
Mr. CRIA.GE. I object to the introduction of
the resolution.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 20, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Hekry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, relative
to the works of defense now in progress at Fort
Point and Alcatrazas Island, California; which
was ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Also, a letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating the agricultural portion of his an-
nual report; which was read, and ordered to be
printed.
CREDENTIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
credentials of the Hon. James A. Pearce, elected
a Senator by the Legislature of the State of Mary-
land, for the term of six years, from and after the
fourth of March, 1855, which were read, and
ordered to be placed on file.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution passed
at a convention of tobacconists, held at Albany,
New York, on the 16th of February, 1854, praying
Congress to impose a specific duty of forty cents
per pound on all cigars imported into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Mississippi, praying a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from St. Louis, Missouri, via the Iron
Mountain to Helena, thence via Lexington, Mis-
sissippi, to New Orleans; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a resolution of tlie Legis'ature of the State
of Mississippi, praying Congress for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the New Orleans
and New York railroad; which was referred to
the Committee oil Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of William
Rich, praying to be allowed the difference between
the compensation of Secretary of Legation and
Charge d'Affaires in Mexico, during the time he
acted in the latter capacity; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Albany, New York, praying that meas-
ures may be taken to secure religious liberty to
American citizens residing or traveling in foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, re-
monstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which wasordeied to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of two hundred and eighty-four
ladies, of Brooklyn, remonstrating against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise; winch was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Utica, New York, held at Mechanics' Hall, in
opposition to the passage of the Nebraska bill;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Washington coun-
ty, New York, remonstrating against the repea]
of the Missouri compromise, and praying for the
repeal of the laws for the surrender of fugitives
from service or labor, and the enactment of a law
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Washington
county, New York, praying the complete separa-
tion of the National Government from the subject
of slavery; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, praying an appropriation for
the improvement of the navigation of Mobile bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Rhode Island, in favor of the enact-
ment of a law to place the individuals composing
the drafted regiment of that State in the war of
1812 upon the same footing in respect of pay and
bounties as the other State troops; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Providence, Rhode Island, held in the Benefi-
cent Congregational Church in that place, pro-
testing against the passage of the Nebraska bill;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Highland county, Ohio, pra'ying the recognition,
by the United States, of the national independence
of Liberia; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Rhoda
Lewis, widow ofSeth Lewis, a revolutionary of-
ficer, praying to be placed on the pension roll,
under the act of 7th July, 1838, together with the
commission of her husband as a revolutionary of-
ficer, signed by George Washington; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of the
female residents of Exeter, Maine, remonstrating
against the passage of the Nebraska bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the following petitions, protesting against
the passage of the Nebraska bill; which were
ordered to lie on the table:
Petition of citizens of Acton, Maine;
Petition of citizens of Parsonsfield and Porter,
Maine;
Petition of legal voters of Montvilleand vicinity,
Maine;
Petition of legal voters of the State of Maine; and
Petition of inhabitants of the town of Liver-
more, Maine.
Also, a petition of widows of soldiers and sea-
men of the Revolution, who were placed on the
pension roll by the act of July 7, 1838, and con-
tinued by subsequent acts, praying to be allowed
; pensions from March 4, 1841, to March 4, 1843,
I during which time they were not paid; which waa
| referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I Also, a petition of the Exeter quarterly meeting
| of Free-will Baptists, in the State of Maine, re-
| monstratiyig against the passage of any act by
| Congress that will admit slavery into any Terri-
i tory from which it is excluded by the Missouri
! compromise; which was ordered to lie on the
i' table.
j' Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Eliza
i; E. Bremer, widow of Francis Bremer, an officer
ji during the war of the Revolution, praying com-
p mutation pay; which was referred to the Com-
I' mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
(| Mr. SL1DELL presented the memorial of Wil-
li liam Murphy, a citizen of the United States, pray-
i! ing indemnity for actual losses sustained by him
■ at Vera Cruz, in Mexico, during the Mexican
' war; which was referred to the Committee on
i Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Henry
A. Homes, praying remuneration for expenses io-
| curred by him while acting as Consul of the Uni-
1 ted States at Constantinople; which was referred
; ;o the Committee on Foreign Relations.
'I Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Francis
I Smith, praying an increase of pension; which was
i; referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK presented a memorial of
'■ the Legislature of Alabama, recommending the
•' remuneration of Dr. James Rumph for his ser-
\ vices as surgeon to a company of United States
volunteers; which was referred to the Committee
|i on Claims.
j; Mr. Or WIN piesented the petition of John
j Brown, and accompanying papers, praying re-
P muneration for losses sustained during the late
