1854.
TBffi CONUKESKUttlAL GUWT&
southeast Executive Building, four thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
Fuel, labor, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous,
fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For rent of building occupied in part by the
Attorney General, and in part by the First Aud-
itor of the Treasury, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fuel, watching, and miscellaneous items for
the same, five thousand dollars.
For rent of the building occupied by the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, six hundred dollars.
For fuel, watching, labor, light, and other mis-
cellaneous items for the same, three thousand four
hundred dollars.
For rent of the building occupied by the Fifth
Auditor of the Treasury, eight hundred dollars.
For fuel, watching, light, and other miscellane-
ous items for the same, three thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Department of the Interior.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the clerks, messengers, and laborers in
his office, twenty-nine thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Contfngent expenses of said office:
For books, stationery, furniture, and other
contingencies, three thousand seven hundred dol-
lars.
For library, books, and maps, one thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, and packers in his office,
one hundred and thirty-nine thousand five hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said office:
For compensation of six laborers, three thou-
sand dollars.
For cash system and military patents, under
laws prior to twenty-eighth of September, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty; patents and
other records; tract-books and blank books for
this and the district land offices; binding plats
and field notes; stationery, office furniture, and
repairs of same, and miscellaneous items, twenty-
three thousand five hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, in addition, under
swamp land act of twenty-eighth of September,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty; military
bounty acts of twenty-eighth of September, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty, and twenty-
second of March, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-two, and act of thirty-first of August, one
thousand eight, hundred and fifty two, for the sat-
isfaction of Virginia land warrants, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
• For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, and as-
sistant messenger in his office, twenty-seven thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, nine
hundred dollars.
For labor, three hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
For rent of building on Seventh street, for the
office of Indian affairs, commencing the twelfth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, at twelve
hundred dollars per annum, one thousand two
hundred and sixty-three'dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For compensation of four watchmen for build-
ing occupied by the office of Indian affairs, com-
mencing the fifteenth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fuel and lights, and necessary fixtures for
warming and lighting the rooms occupied by the
office of Indian affairs, six hundred and sixteen
dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the clerks and four messengers in his
office, ninety-seven thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For engraving and printing bounty land certifi-
cates, five thousand dollars.
For stationery, three thousand dollars.
For binding books, two thousand dollars.
For furniture, five hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
Fur compensation of laborers, fifteen hundred
dollars. j
For the General Purposes of the Department of the ■
Intelior. !
For compensation of four watchmen for. the I
eastern wing of the Patent Office, occupied by the.
Secretary of the Interior, two thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For the purchase of books for the library of the
Patent Office, and for supplying a deficiency in
former appropriations, the sum of five thousand
dollars, to be paid out of the patent fund.
To reimburse the patent fund for expenses al-
ready incurred and paid for furnishing the new
wing of the Patent Office Building, the sum of six-
teen thousand dollars of the.approprtation made ;
by the act approved thirty-first of May, eighteen |
hundred and fifty-four, for furnishing said wing,
be, and the same is hereby, authorized to be trans- >
ferred by the proper accounting officers of the j
Treasury to the credit of the patent fund.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz: i
For labor, fuel, lights, and incidental expenses, j
two thousand five hundred dollars. j
For the preservation of the collections of the i
Exploring Expedition: i
For compensation of keepers, watchmen, and j
laborers, two thousand nine hundred and eighty j
dollass.
For contingent expenses, one hundred dollars. '
Surveijors General and their Clerks. \
For compensation of the surveyor general north- i
west of the Ohio, and the clerks m his office, eight
thousand three hundred dollars. !
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, and the clerks in his office,
five thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of j
Louisiana, and the clerks in his office, four thou- i
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of ,
Florida, and the clerks in his office, five thousand j
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of j
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of j
Arkansas, and the clerks in his office, eight thou- ,
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California, and the clerks in his office, eighteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in his office,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Forclerksin the offices of the surveyor general,
including the offices in Oregon and California, to
be apportioned to them according to the exigen-
cies of the public service, and to be employed in
transcribing field notes of surveys for the purpose
of preserving them at the seat of Government,
forty thousand dollars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the clerk in his office, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Superintendent of the
Public Printing, and the clerks and messengers in
his office, nine thousand five hundred and ninety-
five dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For advertising for proposals for paper, one
thousand dollars.
For blank books, stationery, postage, and mis-
cellaneous items, one hundred dollars.
War Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of War, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, twenty thousand seven hundred and
fifty dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office: |
For blank books, stationery, and labor, one
thousand four hundred and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five hundred aad fifty
dollars.
For extra clerk hire, one thousancl fi ve hundred
dollars.
For books, maps, and plane, one thousand- dol-
lars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Adjutatt'tOewerad, eleHrW thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses ofsald'office':
For blank books, binding, and stationery, six
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, including office furni-
ture, six hundred dollars:
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, four-
teen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of clothing and equipage, Philadel-
phia, four thousand and forty dollars.
Contingent expenses of the office of the Quar-
termaster General, including the office at
Philadelphia:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, seven
hundred dollars.
For labor, one hundred and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, four hundred dollars.
For office rent at Philadelphia, five hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of clerks and messenger in
the office of the Paymaster General, ten thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, eight thousand dollars?.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, stationery, adver-
tising, labor, and miscellaneous, three thousand
one hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, seven thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, four
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, including subscription
to two daily Washington newspapers, five hun-
dred-dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, four thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, two
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Topographical En-
gineers, five thousand six hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and la-
bor, one thousand and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, ten thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the Commanding General, one
thousand seven hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For miscellaneous items, three hundred dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Northwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
northwest Executive Building, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, and lighl, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and
Seventeenth streets, or such other building as the
Secretary of War may select, and warming all
the rooms in it, twenty-one thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars: Provided, That the
Secretary of War be authorized to purchase the
said building at a sum not exceeding two hundred
thousand dollars.
For compensation of superintendent and four
watchmen of the building on the corner of F and
Seventeenth streets, two thousand six hundred
dollars.
