1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
practice, ever since I have had the honor of a seat
upon this floor, not to consume the time of the
House unnecessarily; I have always felt it to be my
duty to confine myself to the business of the House.
But, sir, duty to myself and to those whom 1 repre-
sent, will be asufficient apology for departing from
that fixed rule upon this one occasion. 1 do not
propose to occupy an hour, nor do I propose to say
anything upon the question now before the com-
mittee. Nor do I propose to say very much apon
the Cuba question. 6ut when the time comes for
action I am satisfied myself, and my constitu-
ents are satisfied with me, that we should act—act
promptly, and act efficiently. But, sir, permit
me to say, that when that action shall come, I
shall endeavor to adhere upon this, as upon every
question which may come before us, to the strictest
regard to propriety, and to act in such a manner
as to leave no sting behind.
In reference to the question of the acquisition
of the Island of Cuba, I acknowledge that I am a
Cuba man. I am dead opposed to any nation but
our own acquiring it; but let Cuba fall as a ripe
apple into our lap; let her come when she is ready;
and the day when she will be ready is not far dis-
tant. We can and are to acquire the island; and,
I am *satisfied, in a fair and strictly honorable
way. So believing, I this day enter my solemn
protest against this Government or individuals
seizing upon it by lawless expedition.
i shall speak of the repeal of the neutrality laws
when that subject is before us. I shall be ready
then to speak and vote on the subject. At present
1 pass it by.
The tariff is a question in which my people fee!
a deep interest. They hope that the present Con-
gress will act on it. When it is introduced, 1 shall
also be ready to speak and vote on it.
I am opposed to the repeal of the duties on rail-
road iron. Let the question be presented when it
will, I shall be opposed to it,as I have always
been, i shall meet it as I have done before, here
and at home. However, I am in favor of a modi-
fication of the duty on railroad iron. I am in
favor of the extension of the time for the pay-
ment of that duty. My opinion in this respect
I demonstrated at an early day of this session,
when I introduced a bill providing for the exten-
sion of the time for the payment of the duty on
railroadiron to a certain peiiod, if the parties paid
six per centum per annum thereon, with the privi-
lege also of payment in transportation of the United
States mails, &c. That bill was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I am now in
favor of that bill, and I am sorry that six months
have elapsed of our session without my cherished
bantling appearing before this body.
The committee are no doubt piepared to make
apology for their conduct to my constituents and
the country. Their apology no doubt will be sat-
isfactory to the country; but nothing is so satis-
factory to me and my constituents as early and
complete action on the matter embraced in that
measure. The entiie country is interested m it.
I cannot conceive how the representatives of iron
manufactures can, in justice and equity, oppose
the principle involved.* t have said to Pennsyl-
vanians, that so far as the question was concerned,
they would do well to compromise on the plan 1
have suggested. If they refuse to do so, I am not
certain, Mr. Chairman, that I may not, with you
and others, vote for the entire repeal of the duty
on railroad iron. All know that we may be driven
to extremes.
The next matter I shall notice is that of grants
of public land for railroad purposes—a matter of
public and private discussion. You are aware, Mr.
Chairman, of the interest I have felt in these grants.
We have labored hard together for two yeais on
the Committee on Public Lands; and you, I am
sure, are satisfied of my opinions on the subject.
When Alabama was not interested—when I could
in no degree be influenced by any desire of the
State which ! have the honor in part to represent,
I arrived at the conclusion, and I believe it'is a
just on$, that a proper appropriation of the public
lands for ragroad purposes would be fair, legiti-
mate, and Highly constitutional.
I am strengthened in that opinion principally
by the various arguments that have emanated from
distinguished persons, and especially from our
Chief Magistrate. It is a question in which I
feel a deep interest. I had expected, at the proper
time, to have given my views upon this subject;
! but that time has passed, and I will not avail
myself of the opportunity to speak upon this
question before it legitimately comes before the
riouse for discussion. I will wait in patience,
trusting not so much to the liberality as to the de-
sire and exertion of the House to discharge the
duties assigned to them in connection with the
business of the country. The day may come,
though it may be far distant, when the House
may again hear from the Committee on Public
Lands. Thatcommittee has been charged by gen-
tlemen upon this floor, who are fond of making
such allegations, with having delayed the business
of the House for several long months by making
their reports, when the record does not sustain
such a declaration.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, I believe, was the next committee called
after we were through making our reports. I
would ask how far have you advanced with the
public business since that time, and where do you
now stand ? Have you passed from the committee
that immediately followed us? This fact alone
proves that the charge made against us, of ob-
1 structing the public business of the country, is
[ without a solitary particle of foundation. I pass
I from this subject now, but when the proper time
arrives, 1 trust I will be able to give reasons sat-
isfactory to myself, if to no other person, that
grants of land should be made to the several
States for the purpose of aiding in the construction
of railroads. The object 1 had in addressing the
committee at this time 1 have not yet accomplished.
The remarks I have made, so far, are merely inci-
dental. [Laughter.] 1 have the honor of being
a menffber of the committee of thirteen that was
appointed to investigate the subject of a railroad
to the Pacific, and report a bill. The considera-
tion of the bill reported by that committee has
been postponed till the next session. If i was,
however, to allow the subject to pass without
notice on my part, it might be taken for granted
that I approved of the bill m all its features. I
have sundry amendments which I have prepared,
and which I intend to offer when the bill comes
up, in order to perfect it m such a manner as will
enable me to vote for it.
As the bill stands now, I am satisfied that I
could not vote for it, as there are many provisions
in it to which I have objections. True, it may be
amended m such a manner as that I could support
it. But as it is, 1 say there are a sufficient num-
ber of provisions in it to which I object, as, unless
amended, would prevent me from voting for this
bill.
These views, Mr. Chairman, I thought it proper
for me to state, inasmuch as, although the ques-
tion is postponed for the present, there might be
some trouble made for me at home, as well as else-
where, if my views on the subject were not under-
stood. Fori havegot demagogues in my district,
[laughter;] and there are political aspirants there,
who watch me in all directions, and who have
watched me from the commencement of my polit-
ical career.
Mr. EWING, (in his seat.) Oh, that doey
you good. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. My honorable friend from Ken-
tucky states that that close watching does me good,
i have no doubt that he is right, because latent
faculties may he so obscure in a man that they
would not be developed unless he were pressed
to extricate himself from some small difficulties.
Without that his worth or merit might never be
known. [Renewed laughter.]
Well, sir, it is not my purpose at this time to
enumerate the various objections that I have to
this bill. At whatever time I may conceive it
proper for me to do so, I will give my views on
the subject, and make known the various objec-
tions which I have to it. At least, i may be put
down as not opposed to the principle of connecting
the two great oceans by railroad. I want to declare
here, as I have declared at home; 1 want to take
the responsibility to-day, as I shall always be
willing to do whenever I conceive it to be proper,
[laughter,] of stating, that I am in favor of the
| general principle of the bill. I state here that I
! am in favor of the construction of the Pacific rail-
I road, if it can be constructed on the principles of
j the Constitution, and if it be a practicable under-
i taking. As the grant of land for the purpose of
| aiding in its construction seems to be one of the
J important features of this bill, I want to state dis-
tinctly, so that I may not be misunderstood, that
I am in favor of granting alternate sections of the
public lands for that purpose, on the same prin-
ciple, and in the same manner, as we have made
similar donations for other railroads to the respec-
tive States. As to the amount of compensation to
be paid by the Government for the transportation
of our troops, and munitions of war, and mails, on
this road after it is in operation, 1 consider that the
amount now fixed is too large, and therefore I
object to it. At the proper time, I think I can
clearly demonstrate that the sum fixed in this bill
is too high. I am prepared, however, to vote for
such a remuneration to be paid by the Govern-
ment for these advantages,as I believe to be right
a'nd proper.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not now argue the con-
stitutionality of this question. It will be sufficient
for me to argue its constitutionality when I appear
before my constituents, if they should happen to
have any scruples in. relation to it. I mean to state
my views before them fully and fairly when asked
to do so, though, to tell the truth, I will not have
much time to talk to them about anything but
their votes. [Laughter.] It was my pleasure, after
my election to a seat in this House, to associate
with my fellow-citizens in the different counties
of the district, and I then told them that I believed
this Pacific railroad bill was a question which
would be before Congress this session; that I was
prepossessed in its favor, and that 1 thought I saw
no constitutional objection to it. I argued with
them in this wise: that if the Constitution did not
deprive the Government of the United States of
the right of making military roads through the
various territories; if the Constitution did not de-
prive the Government of the right to fell a tree, dig
a trench, build a bank, make a way, prepare a
road, level it, and put it in order for the travel
of wagons, and for the transportation of troops,
I could not conceive that there was any particular
difference in laying a few pounds of iron on the
road to facilitate such traffic and transportation.
Those are my views now. I cannot see the un-
constitutionality. I shall, of course,hold myself
open to conviction upon the subject. [Laughter.]
I shall consult my constituents; for they may
heive some new lights upon the subject since i left
them. When [ left them, many of them had not
any constitutional scruples upon the subject. I
shall endeavor to convince those who have con-
stitutional scruples about the matter that they are
wrong, and that I, and those who think with me,
are right. If I should not be successful after ^
doing that, I should either have to resign or carry
out the will of my constituents. [Great laughter.]
But, in my opinion, my own views are clearly
constitutional,
There are various minor provisions in the bill
which I shall not allude to. When it comes up
for consideration, should I believe then that any-
thing I can say will aid its passage, after it is
properly amended, I shall contribute my humble
mite to that object. If it should never see day-
light again; if I should not be here to meet it at
the next Congress, I trust it will have friends
enough to carry it through.   $
Allow me to say a word in reference to my con-
fidence in the passage of this great enterprise
when I first arrived in Washington city at the
commencement of this session. For the first two
months of this session I believed that a proper bill
to construct a railroad to the Pacific could have
been passed in this House. But, to use the lan-
guage of one of my constituents, there has come
over this House such a masterly inactivity that
they are not disposed to consider any important
question. Our numbers have dwindled down
since the agitation upon the Nebraska question has
passed away, and the balance seem little disposed
to do anything at all. But I will give my views
upon the question; and if I find that they are
worth anything at all- 
Mr. HAMILTON, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. COBB. I do not want the gentleman to
interrupt me; but if he desires to propound a ques-
tion politely and properly, I have no objection.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire simply to make a
remark or two. I also am a member of that se-
lect committee of thirteen to which this matter of
the Pacific railroad was referred, and I am placed
in the same position as my honorable friend from
