1854.
T E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
TERRITORY Of KANSAS.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars*.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty ;
thousand dollars. i
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA. |
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec- \
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars. \
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one !
thousand five hundred dollars. j
For compensation and mileage of the members j
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and :
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty !
thousand dollars. ;
For the purchase of books for the territorial ;
libraries of Minnesota, Oregon, Utah, New Mex> j
ico, Washington, Nebraska, and Kansas, five '
hundred dollars for each of said Territories, to be !
expended under the direction of the Secretary of I
the Interior. |
Judiciary. j
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme j
Court, and eight associate judges, forty-one thou- ,
sand dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, seventy thou- '
sand seven hundred dollars. i
For compensation of the district judge of the j
southern district of California, commencing the j
twenty-third of January, eighteen hundred and :
fifty-four, four thousand and twenty-eight dollars ;
and eighty-eight cents. i
For salaries of the chief judge of the District |
of Columbia, the assistant judges, and the judges !
of the criminal court and the orphan's court, eleven \
thousand seven hundred dollars. j
For salaries of the Attorney General, and the j
clerks and messenger in his office, twelve thousand !
three hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, five hundred dollars.
For purchase of law books, and the necessary-
bookcases, for the office of the Attorney General,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the Decisions of
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys, nine
thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the marshals, eight thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For annuities and grants, seven .hundred and
fifty dollars.
Independent Treasury.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and St. Louis, eleven thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For additional salaries of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia of one thousand dollars, and
of the treasurer of the branch Mint at New
Orleans of five hundred dollars, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of six of the additional clerks, au-
thorized by the acts of August sixth, one thousand
eia;ht hundred and forty-six, August twelfth, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, March
third, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one,
and August thirty-first, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-two, six thousand dollars.
For one additional clerk m the office of the as-
sistant treasurer at Boston, Massachusetts, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For clerks, messenger, and watchmen in the
office of the assistant treasurer at New York, thir-
teen thousand nine hundred dollars.
For salary of a clerk for the treasurer of the
branch Mint at San Francisco, California, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act for the
safe-keepins:, collecting, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue, of August sixth, one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-six, sixteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars: Provided, That no part
of said sum of sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars shall be expended for clerical services.
For compensation to special agents to examine
the books, accounts, and money on hand, of the
several depositories, under the act of August sixth,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-six, five
thousand dollars.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous.claims
not otherwise provided for, as.shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, five
thousand dollars: Provided, That no part of the
appropriation shall be drawn from the Treasury
except in pursuance of some law or resolution of
Congress "authorizing the expenditure.
To supply a deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
compensate the agent employed in paying annui-
ties to Cherokee Indians remaining in North Car- ;
olina, three hundred dollars.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local ;
inspectors, appointed under the act of August
thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred and fifty- I
two, fur the better protection of the lives of pas- '
sengers by steamboats, with traveling and other
expenses incurred by them, eighty thousand dol-
lars.
Survey of the Coast.
For survey of the coast of the United States,
(including compensation to Superintendent and
assistants, and excluding pay and emoluments of i
officers of the Army and Navy, and petty officers
and men of the Navy, employed on the work,)
two hundred and six thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United-States, one hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Fkrida reefs
and keys, (excluding pay and emoluments of offi- 1
cers of the Army and Navy, and petty officers i
and men of the Navy, employed on the work,) j
thirty thousand dollars. j
For publishing the observations made in the j
progress of the survey of the coast of the United !
States, twenty thousand dollars. i
Custom-Houses. !
For completing the custom house at St. Louis, 1
Missouri, one hundred thousand dollars. ]
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, I
Alabama, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house at Cincinnati,
Ohio, forty thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house at Louisville, j
Kentucky, forty thousand dollars. |
For completing the custom-house at Bangor, j
Maine, twenty thousand dollars. j
For completing the custom-house at Bath, j
Maine, twenty thousand dollars, |
For completing the custom-house at Wilming- j
ton, Delaware, twelve thousand dollars. |
To purchase a site for a custom-house at Prov-
idence, Rhode Island, twenty-four thousand uol- j
lars.
And the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he I
is hereby, authorized to contract for the construc- >
tion of a custom-house on said site, to include j
accommodations for a post office and United States 1
court room, at a cost not exceeding two hundred \
thousand dollars. j
For purchasing ft site for a custom house at i
San Francisco, California, a sum not exceeding |
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. i
For the rebuilding of the custom-house, Port- i
land, Maine, including accommodations for a :
post office and rooms for theUnuedStates courts, j
two hundred thousand dollars.
For extinguishment of private claims to the
possession of the wholeor any part of the custom-
house lot in San Francisco, ten thousand dollars.
Provided, That none of the moneys appropri-
ated by this act for any custom-house or marine !
hospital shall be used or applied for the purposes
mentioned, until a valid title to the land for the
site of such building, in each case, shall be vested i
in the United States, and until the State in which j
such building is to be completed shall in dueform:
and in a manner that shall bind such State, re- !
lease and surrender to the United States jurisdic-
tion over the site of such building; and shall, also,
duly release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or- in any way assess said site,
or the property of the United States that may be
thereon, during the time that the said United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof; that none of
the said moneys appropriated for said buildings
by this act, or heretofore appropriated for the
purposes mentioned, shall be used or applied for
the purposes- for which they are appropriated,
unless the same shall be sufficient in each case to
complete the building m such case fully, and en-
tirely accomplish the object for which the dppro-
pnation.in this act is made. And the Secretary '
of the Treasury is hereby prohibited from using
or applying any of the moneys aforesaid in any
one case, until he shall have made a contract with
such security as he shall approve for the comple-
tion of the entire buildmg and work in such case,
at a sum not exceeding the sum of the moneys
appropriated and unexpended in such case. And
the said Secretary of the Treasury shall enter into
no contract, either conditional or final, for the pur-
pcses mentioned which shall involve an expendi-
ture in any onecase beyond the sums appropriated
and remaining unexpended for such case; and in
all cases where such unexpended appropriations
shall be insufficient to complete the entire work in
such case, the said Secretary of tfie Treasury shall
suspend all action in reference thereto, and shall
report to Congress on the first day of its session
the condition of the work in such case, and shall
at the same time lay before Congress such plans
and estimates as, in his judgment, shall be proper
for the completion of the building and work in
such case.
For improving and repairing the room in the
custom-house at Savannah, used as a post office,
one thousand dollars.*
For continuing operations on custom-house at
New Orleans, Louisiana, three hundred and ninety-
five thousand dollars.
For continuing operations on custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina, two hundred and
seventy-three thousand dollars.
For the annual repairs and fixtures of cus-
tom-houses of the United States, forty-three thou-
sand and one dollars and fifty-nine cents, and for
alterations and repairs of the custom-house at
Baltimore heretofore made, and for rent of rooms
during-the repairs of said building, such sum as
may by the Secretary of the Treasury be deemed
reasonable and proper of said amount, not to ex-
ceed five thousand five hundred and one dollars
and fifty-nine cents.
To complete the custom-house at Richmond,
Virginia, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars:
Provided, That none of the moneys appropriated
for this building in and by this act, or by any
former act, and now remaining unexpended, shall
be used or applied for the purposes mentioned in
this act by the Secretary of the Treasury, until a
valid title to the land for the site of such building
shall be vested in the United States, and until the
State of Virginia shall, in due form, and in a
manner that shall bind said State, release and sur-
render to the United States jurisdiction over the
site of such building; and sliall also duly release
and relinquish to the United States the right to
tax, or in any way assess said site, or the prop-
erty of the United States that may be thereon,
during the time that the said United States shall
be, or remain the owner thereof: And provided
further. That none of the said money appropriated
for said building by this act, or heretofore appro-
priated for the purposes mentioned, and now re-
maining unexpended, shall be used or applied for
the purpose for which they are appropriated,
'unless the same shall be sufficient to complete the
building fully, and entirely accomplish the object
i for which the appropriation in this act is made.
! And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereljy pro-
i hihited from using or applying any of the moneys
! aforesaid until he shall have made a contract, with
' such security as he shall approve, for the com-
| pletion of the entire building and work, at a sum
' not exceeding the sum of the moneys appropriated
and unexpended; and the said Secretary of the
Treasury shall enter into no contract, either con-
ditional or final, for the purpose mentioned, which
shall involve an expenditure beyond the sums ap-
propriated and remaining unexpended; and should
such expended appropriations be insufficient to
I complete the entire work, the said Secretary of
i the Treasury shall suspend all action in reference
| thereto, and shall report to Congress, on the first
i day of its session in December, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, the condition o>f the work, and shall
at the same time lay before Congress such plans
and estimates as, m his judgment, shall be proper
for the completion of the building and work: ■And
'providedfurther, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
