mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to go on and construct, or cause to be constructed,
completed, and finished-, the building mentioned
and provided for, subject in all things to the lim-
itations and restrictions contained herein.
To complete the custom-house at Waldoboro',
in the State of Maine, the sum of thirteen thou-
sand dollars, which, in addition to the sum here-
tofore appropriated, shall constitute the entire cost
of the purchase of the site, and the erection and
completion of the buildings.
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, directed, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to apply
such sum as, in his opinion, may be necessary to
complete the building for the custom-house, post
office, and court-house in the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, and to furnish such building in a
manner appropriate to its uses, and to improve the
grounds attached to said building; and also to pay
to the two commissioners who superintended the
construction of said building such compensation
as to said Secretary shail seem just, not to exceed
three dollars a day each: Provided, That the sum
so, as aforesaid, to be expended by the Secretary
of the Treasury, shall not exceed the sum now
remaining unexpended of appropriations hereto-
fore made for the said building.
For buildings for the use of the courts of the
United States at Pontotoc, Mississippi, four thou-
sand dollars: Provided, Said sum shall complete
said buildings. And also the sum of five thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to make a
contract with the proper authorities for furnishing
a suitable building: for the permanent use and ac-
commodation of the United States district court m
holding Us session at Marietta, Georgia, which
contract the s ad Secretary is hereby authorized
to make: Provided^ It can be made for the sum
aforesaid or less: *1nd provided, Said contract
shall be made with sufficient guarantees to secure
to the said court a suitable building for holding
Htiid court, so long as its sessions may be held at
that place, without further charge on the United
States.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase, for the use of the United States, the land
and buildings thereon, constituting the boarding
station at the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi
river, three thousand five hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of said sum shall be expended
until the title to said land be secured to the United
States, and the consent of the Legislature of the
State of Louisiana obtained to the release of said
land from taxation or assessment of any kind.
For the construction of an appraiser's store on
a portion of the square selected for the custom-
house at San Francisco, California, including the
expense of piling for the foundation thereof, by
contract or otherwise, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem best, one hundred thousand
dollars: Provided, That the same restrictions re-
garding the completion of said work with the sum
hereby appropriated as are contained m this act
concerning the erection and completion of custom-
houses and marine hospitals, shall be applicable
thereto.
For the purchase of the lots or parcels of land,
with the appurtenances and the buildings thereon
belonging, the one thereof to the Bank of Com-
merce, and the other thereof to the Bank of the
State of New York, and particularly referred to
and described in two contracts, one with each of
said banks, for the leasing and right to purchase
the same, bearing date the nineteenth of August,
one thousand eight hundied and fifty-three, five
hundred and thirty thousand dollars, with interest
thereon at the rate of six per centum per annum, '
from the fifteenth day of September, eighteen i
hundred and fifty-three, until said purchases shall I
he completed: Provided, That the same be so ji
completed within one year from the day such j'
,interest is hereby authorized to be paid. [|
And the Secretary of the Treasury, at his dis- 11
cretjon, is hereby further authoiized to purchase, ''
for the use of the United States, such property j
adjoining thereto, situated on Pine street, on !
which the United States now hold a mortgage, as i
may he sold to .satisfy the same, at a price not !
exceeding the amount of said Hen. j
Marine Hospitals. j
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, [
in the State of Ohio, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis,
in the State of Missouri, ten thousand dollars.
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, in
the State of Illinois, eight thousand dollars.
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville,
in the State of Kentucky, twelve thousand five
hundred dollars.
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah,
in the said State of Kentucky, five thousand
dollars.
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville,
in the State of Indiana, two thousand dollars.
To complete the marine hospital at San Fran-
cisco, and to inclose the site and dram the same,
and for the necessary outbuildings, forty-four
thousand dollars.
For the construction of a marine hospital at
Vicksburg, m the State of Mississippi, the sum of
fifty-five thousand dollars.
For prosecuting operations on the marine hos-
pital at Portland,in the Stateof Maine, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
To provide a suitable building as a marine hos-
pital at St. Mark's, Florida, five thousand dollars.
To provide accommodation for sick and dis-
abled seamen at Cincinnati, Ohio, fifty thousand
dollais; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to use such part of said sum
for the purchase of a site for a marine hospital at
said place as he may deem expedient.
Light-House Establishment,
For supplying light-houses, containing four
thousand one hundred and thirty-three lamps,
with oil, lamp-glasses, wicks, bull-skins, polish-
ing powder, whiting, and oihei cleaning mateuals;
tianspuitation, and other necessuty expenses on
the same; repaumgand keeping the lighting ap-
paratus; publishing necessary rules, legnhiLions,
and instructions; notice to mariners of changes
to aids to navigation, and lists of lights, two hun-
dred and thirty thousand six hundred and thirty-
seven dollars antl forty-two cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting,
and improvements of four hundred and eighteen
light-houses, and buildings connected therewith,
one hundred and forty-two thousand four hun-
dred and eighty-nine dollars and twenty-one cents.
For salaries of four hundred and eighteen light-
house keepers, and thirty-eight assistants, and
including one thousand two hundred dollars for
salary of superintendent of supplies on the upper
takes, one hundred and eighty-three thousand six
hundred dollars.
For salaries of forty-nine keepers of light-ves-
sels, twenty-six thousand five hundred and fifty
dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, and supplies of
forty-nine light-vessels, one hundred and fifty-two
thousand nine hundred and forty-one dollars and
twenty-three cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, and repair-
ing, remooring, and supplying losses, of flouting
beacons and buoys, and chains and sinkers for
the same, and for coloring and numbering all the
buoys, eighty-nine thousand three hundred and
fifty-seven dollars and thirty-two cents.
For life-boats and other means of rendering
assistance to wrecked mariners and others on the
coast of the United States, ten thousand dollars.
For iife-boats, and other means of rendering
assistance to shipwrecked mariners and others,
on the coast of the United States, to be expended
under the direction of theSecretary of the Treas-
ury, ten thousand dollars. For the purchase of
metallic surl-boats to rescue lives and property, I
and to be located at each of the following ports,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars, viz: On the
east side of Lake Michigan, at Michigan City,
one; New Buffalo, one; St. Joseph, one; Cala-
mazoo, one; Manistee, one; Grand River, one;
Muskegon, one; White River, one; Pier Mar-
quette, one; and South Black River, one; and on
the west side of Lake Michigan, at Chicago, two;
Kenosha, one; Milwaukie, one; Sheboygan, one;
Death's Door, one; Two Rivers, one; Manito-
woc, one; Waukegan, one; Racine, one; Port
Washington, one; Washington Harbor, one;
South Mamtou island, one; K&lley's Harbor,
one; and at Calumet, one; or at such other points
as shall be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to be expended under the direction of
___  August.
the Secretary of the Treasury; who shall also
adopt such measures as shall be necessary for the
preservation of such boats.
Por expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars.
Por commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the
same, under the proviso to the act of third of
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, and for other purposes," on the
amount that may be disbursed by them, eight
thousand dollars.
For the coasts of California, Oregon, and
Washington:
For oil and other supplies for fifteen lights, clean-
ing materials of all kinds, and transportation of
the same, expenses of keeping lamps and machin-
ery in repair, publishing notices to mariners of
changes of aids to navigation, twenty six thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty six dollars and
twenty-five cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses of fifteen
lights, and buildings connected therewith, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of fifteen keepers and twelve assist-
ants, at an average not exceeding eight hundred
dollais per annum each, twenty-one thousand six
hundred dollars.
Por expanses of raising, cleaning, repairing,
remooring, and supplying losses of floating bea-
cons and buoys, and chains and sinkers for the
same, and for coloring and numbering all the
buoys, eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the same,
under the proviso to the act of the third of March,
one thousand eight hundied and fifty-one, entitled
" An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic, expenses of Government for the year
ending June thirtieth,] eighteen hundred and fifty
two, and for other purposes,"on the amount that
may he disbursed by them, four hundred dollars.
For completing the light-houses on the coast of
California and Oregon, the sum of fifty-nine thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-four dollars: Pro-
vided, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the contractors for building
the light-house on Point Lema, near San Diego,
what the same is reasonably worth.
Intercourse with Foreign Nations.
^ For salaries of ministers of the United States to
Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain,
Brazil, Peru, Mexico, Chili, and Central America,
ninety thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation to the same
places, twenty thousand dollars.
Por salary of a minister resident to Turkey, six
thousand dollars.
For salary of the dragoman to the legation to
Turkey, two thousand five hundred-dollars.
For salaries of charges d'affaires or ministers
resident to Portugal, Austria, Denmark, Sweden,
Holland, Belgium, Naples, Sardinia, the Papal
States, New Granada, Venezuela, Buenos Ayits,
Bolivia, Ecuador, and Switzerland, sixty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of a clerk to the United States lega-
tion at London, eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, forty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
forty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, nine thousand dollars.
For salary of the consul at London, two thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of the commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands, five thousand dollars.
For interpreters, guards, and other expenses of
the consulates at Constantinople, Smyrna, Candia,
and Alexandria, two thousand dollars.
For office rent of the consul at Basle, in Swit-
zerland, one hundred dollars.
For salary of a commissioner to residein China,
nine thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter and secretary to
said mission, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of a consul general at Alexandria,
five thousand dollars.
