1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
than columns formed of a single shaft. The en-
gineer, however, had grander ideas than the an-
cients, and thought differently. Herequires them
to be quarried in a single piece. They must,
therefore, be brought here in blocks about twenty-
8ix feet long, and five or six feet square. The
marble for them, in its rough state, would have
cost about $680 per each column, as originally
designed by the architect; but, under the engi-
neer's new idea, they will cost $1,400 each! The
value of 'marble increases rapidly with the increase
of the size of the blocks, because of the great
labor and difficulty of securing it in large masses.
The columns are to be brought to this city from
Massachusetts, and cannot be transported in or-
dinary vessels. The~ means must be created, and
vessels adapted to the purpose built by the con-
tractors. Yes, vessels absolutely constructed for
the sole purpose must be obtained to transport
these immense blocks of marble from Massachu-
setts to the city of Washington. Here, then, is
an additional expenditure of over $700 on each of
a hundred columns made necessary by the mag-
nificent ideas of the engineer. But this is not all.
The working of these large blocks "must also cost
more, and for reasons wfiich every gentleman can
easily understand. They are more difficult to
handle, and will be attended with great danger and
expense in elevating them to their positions.
When the last appropriation was made for con-
tinuing the work on the Capitol, I offered an
amendment to it, proposing to apply $30,000 of
the sum to employ Hiram Powers an eminent
American artist, to execute a piece of statuary for
the adornment of the wings of the Capitol. The
House refused to sanction it. The honorable
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cungman]
changed the amendment, and offered it again;
but it met with no better fate. The same amend-
ment, or a similar one, was twice offered in the
Senate, ami twice voted down; so here weie the
two Houses of Congress, twice refusing to divert
any portion of the money intended for build-
ing the wings of the Capilol to the procurement
of statuary. And will it be believed that, after
these emphatic expressions of both Houses of
Congress against such an application of the ap-
propriation, $20,000 of it have been sent to italy
by the engineer to procure, not the statuary, but
the mere designs and plaster models. The Sec-
retary of War say.s to the committee:
(Mr. Thomas Cruwtord, a distinguished American nrtist,
now in Koine, has been commissioned, sil a cost of $30,000,
to prepare designs and planter models tor fourteen ?tatues,
and their accessories, to till tin; tympanum of one. of the
easa< rn portico*, and to decorate one of tin; ea>t< rn dooin.
These it is intended to have sculptured in this city, and of
American maible."
I need not. comment upon this act, further than
to say that, no mutter under whose direction it
was done, it shows but little respect for the will of
Congress.
In regard to the alterations of the original plan
of the building, there is no less disregard of that
body shown. The law authorized the President
" to adopt apian" for the extension. Mr. Fill-
more was then President, and under that law he
acted. The plan was adopted, and the work had
been prosecuted to a considerable extent under it.
Tiie law was, therefore, fully executed. It left
no power to any subsequent President to adopt
another plan, or materially to alter the original
one; if so, there would have been no limit to the
power, and the President would have the right to
construct any description of building he chose,
and to incur any expense he might think proper.
Such was never the intention of Congress. But
we are not left to conjecture as to who deserves
the credit for these modifications of the plan, and
upon whom will rest the responsibility for the
blunders committed. The Secretary of War in-
forms us in his report, at the beginning of this
session, that these changes in the plan were pro-
posed by Captain Meigs ! They were adopted
at his suggestion, with the indorsement of a board
of scientific gentlemen.
Let u<3, Mr. Chairman, look, for a moment, at
the most material change made in the plans. And
it is a subject, gentlemen of the committee, to
which you have given no attention. The original
design located the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives across the west end of the wing. It
was exposed on the north, west, and south sides,
-to the light and air, and there were fifty windows
by which ventilation could be obtained. You can
see from where I now stand the design. It was
such as no one could oppose any reasonable ob-
jection to. I venture to say that time will test the
truth of what I say, that so long as the building
stands it wiil be a source of regret to all who
occupy it, that this arrangement of the Hall was
not continued. The present plan, as you will
see, locates the Hall in the center of the building,
and surrounds it with corridors and committee
rooms. It is modeled after the Halls of the Eng-
lish Parliament Houses, and will prove as great
an abortion. How is a room, thus pent up, in
the center of a massive and complicated building,
to be ventilated? I will read from the report of
the engineer. I will let him speak for himself:
y As the warm air must ascend to the top of the room, I
propose to let u do s>o in a large trunk outside of the apart-
ment, pass into a space above the ceiling, and thence by
numerous holes find its way, as through a sieve, into the
room."
There it is. Light is not only to be brought in
from the ceiling, but air obtained through auger
holes, and pumped down upon us through " a
maze of hot watei-pipes" in winter, and " melted
ice" in summer! This is the means of ingress.
In what way does he expect to find egress for the
vitiated and impure air? Hear him:
"The exit should bo through numerous holes in the
floor, perhaps through the carpet, or the risers of the plat-
form on which are the members' chairs."
This is a specimen of military engineering,
which will scarcely commend itself to you for the
wisdom it displays. Does it not reverse all the
principles of nature? .Natural ventilation is by
the ascending movement. The lighter air, instead
of passing downward, ascends, while that which
is denser passes up to supply its place. The air
breathed through our lungs, and the emanations
from the surface of the body, are at a temperature
of about 91)0, while that necessary for the comfort
of members in the room should never exceed 0'5°.
Can it be expected that this impure air will not
ascend, and be forced down by the descending
body of air pumped in from the ceiling to be re-
inspired by the members? But the plan is not
original with Captain Meigs.
The British Parliament Houses are built upon
the same plan, and this identical scheme of ven-
tilation was thoroughly tried, and thoroughly ex-
ploded, before the engineer submitted it to the
scientific board which indorsed it. The truth is,
the Houses of Parliament have never yet been
successfully ventilated, and never will be, unless
the whole structure is torn down and rebuilt. It
was in proof, before a committee of Parliament in
1859, that $1,500,000 had been expended in fruit-
less efforts to ventilate the Hall by mechanical con-
trivances. The witnesses who were summoned
before that committee were among the most emi-
nent practical and scientific men in Europe. It
was shown that so great were the currents and
eddies produced by the mechanical contrivances,
that the members would sometimes sit with their
feet in a temperature of G8]0, the centre of their
bodies at 710, while their heads would be in an
atmosphere ranging at 73°. Thus their feet would
be freezing while their heads were scorching. Mr.
S. W. Daukes, an eminent architect, in testifying
upon oath in regard to the very plan of ventila-
tion proposed by Captain Meigs, thus speaks of
the pumping down process:
" I thtnk the system is opposed to the natural principles
of ventilation, forcing the air contrary to its natural move-
ment, and requiring the constant application of powerful
machinery to obtain results that maybe obtained by allow-
ing the air to take its natural course."
Another distinguished gentleman, H. G. Price,
who had devoted many years to the warming and
ventilatingof large buildings,gavetestimony before
the committee, and thus speaks of the same mode
of ventilation;
"First of all, it necessitate? artificial power, it will not
act except under compulsion, then it brings the vitiated
and breathed air, that ought to be carried away and not
breathed over again, down to th° lungs to be lemspired.
It aNo tends to subvert anothei natural law by keeping the
head in the hottest medium and the feet m the coldest, and
the ventilation is arre-ted altogether if the motive power
is not kept in constant operation ; whereas, m the greater
portion of the yeai, nature will accomplish it, it allowed
to do so."
Other equally eminent gentlemen denounced
the plan as " a noxious fallacy;" and the com-
mittee, before whom the testimony was given,
commends to the attention of Parliament the tes-
timony of Messrs. Daukes and Price, and thus
speak of the plan of ventilation;
"The plan of forcing air into a building by mechanical
power, to produce what is called plenum or plus ventila-
tion, combined with the extracting power of a bhaft, witte*
furnace or steam jet, to effect what js termed vacuum ven-
tilation, with ascending and descending current, for the
supply of fresh, and the abstraction of vitiated air, is, in
the opinion of your committee, a complicated system, and
one which they are not prepared to approve."
The report and proceedings of the parliament*
ary committee, are to be found in the library
of Congress, and which I respectfully commend to
the attention of the members of this committee who
wish to be further informed in relation to the cast-
off plan of British ventilation, which the military
engineer "in charge of the Capitol extension, the
Washington aqueduct, and Fort Montgomery,"
has adopted for the American Capitol. The whole
design m relation to the Hall is a ridiculous folly,
and will be grievously felt by those who succeed
us. Better had the whole work be taken down
than permit such folly to be perpetuated.
But, sir, Captain Meigs is not the only military
officer employed in civil service upon whose con-
duct in the management of the affairs intrusted
to him I desire to comment, in illustration of the
evils of the policy of appointing them to stations
they ought not to occupy. The affairs of the
national armories have been under examination
before the select committee, and the testimony
taken has been printed for the use of this House.
Money appropriated for improvements at these
establishments is spent with a most lavish and un-
sparing hand, and with but little regard to the ob-
jects for which appropriations are asked; and such
is the mode of keeping their accounts, and making
their returns to the Ordnance Department, that jfc
is difficult, if not impossible, to determine from
anything on record here the cost of any specific
object of improvement upon which money has
been expended. The present Congress is asked
for money for certain enumerated objects of im-
provement at Harper's Ferry, said by the com-
mandant to be absolutely necessary. He sub-
mits estimates for each item, with brief reasons
for the appropriation. Congress relies upon these
estimates, and grants the appropriations. It will
be seen by the following extract from the testi-
mony of a Mr. Kitzmiller, the clerk of the Har-
per's Ferry armory, how the military commandant
manages at that establishment:
"Q,vc*hon. Did the military superintendents at Harper's
Ferry, in the management of ihe armory and the expendi-
ture of appropriations, observe rigidly the regulations laid
down by the Ordnance Department?
"Jlnsiver. There was, of course, a departure when they
diveiU'd funds fr^j|spne appropriation to another.
uQ es£iofi. WaWimprovemcntswere made last year ami
year belore, for which appropriations are asked the present
year; and upon what authority wero these improvements
commenced? 4$
"Jlnsiver. The cistern, for which an appropriation of
$1,000 is asked, the repairs to bell shops and boring null*,
for which ,$1,800 is asked, and the tiit hammer, for which
$1,300 is asked, under the head of appropriations for re-
pairs. improvements, and new machinery, for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1855, have been already built,
and paid lor out of the appropriation tor repairs, &c., for
this year. In 18-16 thero was an appropriation made of
$16,500 for building a new i oiling mill and forge, which was
drawn at the time and used for other purposes, with that
latitude, heretofore explained, and not for the 'purpose J'or
winch it was made. The rolling mill and forge was not built
until 1853, and the cost of them was taken Irom the appro-
priation tor repairs, &c., for the present ye<*r. fn 184d-'9?
an appropriation for the purchase of lands and hou es was
made; but as they could not be bought at the time, that ap-
propnation was expended for other purposes. The piop-
erty was, however, bought, and paid for out of the present
year.
" If the appropriations had been applied for the purposes
for which they weie intended, thero would he no money
wanting now. I stale these fact*; to explain the embarras-
ment ot the funds of the appropriation for repairs, &c., at
the present time."
It will be thus seen that for objects already ac-
complished, paid for, and actually in use, Con-
gress is asked to appropriatemoney. The money
is not needed for these purposes, and the esti-
mates do hot disclose the real motives for which
it is needed. The clerk, however, tells us, in
another part of his testimony, that if the money
is appropriated, they will use it to supply the
place of money appropriated for other improve-
ments, which have never yet been commenced,
but the fund for which has been applied to other
purposes. This system of misapplying the ap-
propriations and misleading Congress, commenced
in 1845, and the clerk exonerates the late super-
intendent, Colonel Huger, from all responsibility
under it. But the abuse is one of some magni-
tude, and serves well to show the disregard of
law and economy by military men in civil places.
