2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Colutnbia; also for jurors
and witnesses in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-five, and previous
years; and likewise for defraying the expenses of
uits in which the United States are concerned,
and of prosecutions for offenses committed against
the United States, and for the safe-keeping of pris-
oners, seven hundred thousand dollars.
For payment to the city of Norfolk, for rent of
rooms in the City Hall for the district court of the
United States for the eastern district of Virginia,
from the thirtieth of May, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty, to the thirtieth of May, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, nine hun-
dred dollars.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of msane paupers ofthe District of Columbia,
at such places as the Secretary of the Interior
may, in his discretion, deem proper, ten thousand
dollars.
For additional messenger to the post office of
the Ilouse of Representatives, allowed by the
Committee on Accounts at the beginning of the
present session, one thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to com-
plete the hospital for the insane of the District of
Columbia, and of the Army and Nuvy of the
United States, as it is now in process of construc-
tion where the foundations are laid, eighteen thou-
sand two hundred and nine dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to com-
plete the external improvements necessary to carry
into successful operationthe said hospital,accord-
ing to the recommendation of the Secretary ofthe
Interior, eighteen thousand six hundred dollars.
For arrearages of necessary traveling and per-
sonal expenses due employees on the northeastern
boundary survey, dunng the years eighteen hun-
dred and forty-four, eighteen hundred and forty-
five, eighteen hundred and forty-six, and eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, two thousand and six-
teen dollars.
For running and marking the boundary line
between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico, under ihe treaty concluded at the city of
Mexico, on the thirtieth of December, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-three, the sum of one
hundred and sixty-eight thousand one hundred
and thirty dollars, to be disbursed under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided,
There shall be allowed and paid to the commis-
sioner, surveyor, and astronomer appointed, or to
be appointed, for the purpose aforesaid, each a
salary at the rate of three thousand dollars per
annum, and that if the duties of either have been,
or shall be, performed by an officer ofthe Anny,
his pay, including emoluments, during the time of
such employment, shall be increased to that sum.
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Forcompensation, in part, for themessenger in
charge of the mam furnace m the Capitol, three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For painting and repairs inside of the Capitol,
new furnaces under the Senate Chamber and
Supreme Court room, five thousand dollars.
For furnishing and puttmgup new furnaces and
repairing old furnaces, rebuilding and ventilating;
air chambers for the House of Representatives,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For repair and renewal of the gas pipesthrough
the Capitol, three thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
for two hundred and twenty feet and five inches
of granite coping, used in the improvementof the
triangular square at the comer of thirteenth street
and Pennsylvania avenue, five hundied and fif-
teen dollars and forty-seven cents.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, three hundred and
sixty-five dollars.
For compensation of the public gardener, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of sixteen laborers, employed
in the public grounds and Piesident's garden, at
forty dollars per month each, seven thousand six
hundred and eighty dollars.
Forcompensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, seven hundred and thirty-
dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen, em- |
ployed in the Capitoi square, at five hundred dol- !
lars each, one thousand dollars.
Forcompensation of two night watchmen, em-
ployed at the President's House, at five hundred
dollars each, one thousand dollars. '
For compensation of the door-keeper at the
President's House, five hundred dollars.
For compensation of assistant door-keeper at
the President's House, three hundred and sixty-five
dollars.
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, two j
thousand seven hundred and fifty-five dollars. |
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the Eastern Branch of the Po-
tomac, and fuel, oil, and lamps, one thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the Auxiliary Guard, and
oil for lamps, sixteen thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
eighteen transient paupers, medical and surgical
patients, in Washington Infumary, three thousand
dollars.
For purchase of manure for the public grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, five hundred dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace,
where necessary, such as have been planted by
the United States, and the repair of pavements in
front of the public grounds, five thousand dollars.
For the Capitol extension, seven hundred and
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That any officer
of the Army or Navy who has been, or may be
appointed hereafter, to disburse the money which
ia now, or may hereafter be, appropriated for the
erection, alteration, or repair of any of the edi-
fices, structures, or works for which appropria-
tions are made in this act, shall be subject to all
the pains, penalties, and liabilities contained in the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide
for the better organization of the Treasury, and
for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue, "approved sixth
of August, eighteen hundred and foity-six.
For completing the bridge over the Potomac
river, near the Little Falls, fifteen thousand dollais.
For compensation of one night watchman, em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildings
lying south ofthe Capitol,and used as public sta-
bles and carpenter's shop, five hundred dollars.
For permanent repair of the roof of the Capitol
with copper, two thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closets,
: public stables, water-pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass,
and locks, five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
improvement of grounds, purchasing trees and
plants for garden, and making hotbeds therein,
six thousand dollars.
For lighting the President's House and Capitol,
the public grounds around them, and around the
executive offices and Pennsylvania avenue, twen-
ty-two thousand dollars.
For completing the improvement of Maryland
avenue, from Seventh street to the Potomac river,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For furnishing lamps and lamp-po^ts from Six-
teenth to Seventeenth streets, on Pennsylvania
j avenue, in front of Lafayette square, five hundred
1 dollars.
; For completing the improvement of Pennsyl-
i vama avenue west of Seventeenth street, nine
! thousand doilais.
To reimburse the expenditure made by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings for the repair
of the Potomac biidge when injuied by fire, four
thousand five hunched dollars.
For continuing the repair** of the two bridges
across the Eastern Bianch of the Potomac, four
thousand dollars.
For completing the west wing of the Patent
Office Building, two hundied thousand dollars.
For altering the streets and repairing in front of
the east wing of the Patent Office, putting up iron
railing, flagging, footway, putting in order yards,
painting new saloons of the Patent Office in fresco,
fourteen thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For iron railing and flagging in front of the old
portion of the Patent Office Building, for altering
the windows in the rear and dressing off the
granite to make it conform to the front, and for
private stairway in the building, five thousand
seven hundred and thirty dollars.
For enlarging the culverts and openings into
the same, across Pennsylvania avenue, to pre-
vent overflow of the avenue, four thousand dol-
lars.
For repairing or renewing the water fixtures at
the President's House, including the bath-room,
two thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two and Lafay-
ette square, three thousand dollars.
For grading done by order of Ignatius Mudd,
late Commissioner of Public Buildings, in reser-
vation number seventeen, between Third street
east and New Jersey avenue, four hundred and
eighty-four dollars and eighty-nine cents.
For compensation of commissioner and sur-
veyor employed upon the boundary between the
United States and Mexico, and their assistants, in-
cludmgoffice rent and incidental expenses, thirty-
eight thousand one hundred dollars.
For payment of the Annals of Congress for the
House Library of the House of Representatives,
under resolution of said House of September
twenty-eighth, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty, one hundred sets of each volume from the
twenty-third to the fortieth, both included, in all
seventeen hundred volumes, at five dollars per
volume, eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For payment of the Annals of Congress, for one
hundred and forty-three members of the Thirty-
Second Congress, entitled to them under the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of July
twenty-sixth, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-two, one hundred and forty three sets of
| twenty-four volumes each, from the sixteenth to
the fortieth inclusive, in all three thousand four
hundred and thirty-two volumes, at five dollars
per volume, seventeen thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars.
For reporting and publishing in the Daily Globe
two thousand eight hundred and sixty-five col-
umns of the proceedings of the House ot Repre-
sentatives, for the first session of the Thirty-
Thud Congress, at seven dollars and fifty cents
per column, twenty-one thousand four hundred
and eighty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, for the first session of the
Thirty-Third Congress, for each member and Del-
egate of the House of Representatives, making
an aggregate of five thousand seven hundred and
twelve copies, at six dollars a copy, thirty-four
thousand four hundred and sixteen dollars.
For binding the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for the first session of the Thirty-Third
Congress, thirteen thousand seven hundred and
sixty-six dollars and forty cents.
For reporting and publishing in the Daily Globe
one hundred and fifty one columns of the proceed-
ings of the House of Representatives for the sec-
ond session of the Thirty Second Congress, at
seven dollars and fifty cents a column, one thou-
sand one hundred and thirty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
To pay a deficiency in the appropriation for
eight hundred copies of the Documentary History
purchased for the new members of the House of
Representatives, fiom the Twenty-Sixth to the
Thirty-Second Congress inclusive, being at sev-
enteen dollars twenty-seven cents and two mills
a volume, six hundred and fifty-five dollars and
twenty cents.
For payment of a balance due, for the second
and third volumes of the firth series of the^Doc-
umentary History, under contract with the Sec-
retary of State, four huudred and seventy-three
dollars.
For one hundred copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, for the first session of the
Thirty-Thud Congress, for House library, six
hundred doilais, and for binding the same, two
hundred and forty dollars; for one hundred copies
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the
second session of the Thirty-Third Congress, for
House library, three hundred dollars, and for
binding the same, one hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters
of the House for the Congressional Globe the
same amount of additional compensation for re-
