1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2259
porting this session as was paid them at the last,
the sum of three thousand, dollars is hereby ap-
propriated; and the Clerk of this House is hereby
authorized to pay the same to said Rives, to be
applied by him for that purpose. _
Sec . 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to cause to be constructed
the following buildings: At Ellsworth, Maine,
for the accommodation of the custom-house and
post office, a building of brick, with fire-proof
floors, constructed of iron beams and brick work,
iron roof, shutters, sills, &«., twenty-five feet by
thirty, and twenty-five feet in height from the
foundation, to cost not more than ten thousand
dollars; at Belfast, Maine, for the accommoda-
tion of the custom-house and post office, a build-
ing of like materials, forty-five feet by thirty-two,
and thirty-two feet high, and to cost not more than
twenty thousand dollars; at Gloucester, Massa-
chusetts, Toledo, Ohio, Burlington, Vermont,and
Sandusky, Ohio, for the accommodation of the
custom-house and post office, a building of like
materials, sixty feet by forty-five feet, and thirty-
two feet from the foundation, and to cost not
more than forty thousand dollars for each build-
ing; at Milwaukie, Wisconsin, for the accommo-
dation of the custom-house, post office, and United
States courts, a building of like material, sixty
feet by forty-five feet, forty-eight feet in height
from the foundation, to cost not more than fifty
thousand dollars; at New Haven, Connecticut,
Newark, New Jersey, Buffalo, New York, Os-
wego, New York, Wheeling, Virginia, Chicago,
Illinois, and Detroit, Michigan, each for the ac-
commodation of the custom-house, post office,
United States courts, and steamboat inspectors,a
building of stone, of like floors, beams, roofs,
shutters, &c , eighty-five feet by sixty feet, sixty
feet in height from the foundation, to cost not
more than eighty-eight thousand dollars for each
building; the building at Detroit to be erected upon
a water lot belonging to the United States; at
Galveston, Texas, for the accommodation of the
custom-house, post office, and United States
courts, a building of brick, of like floors, beams,
roofs, shutters, &c., forty-five feet by seventy
feet, forty-eight feet high from the foundation,
with a portico on two sides, and to cost not more
than one hundred thousand dollars; at Peters-
burg, Virginia, for the" accommodation of the
custom-house and post office, a building of stone,
of like floors, beams, roofs, shutters, &c., sixty
feet by forty-five feet, thirty-two feet high from
the foundation, to cost not more than sixty-two
thousand dollars.
Sec 3- And be. it farther enacted, That the sev-
eral sums mentioned in the preceding section of
this act, as the cost of the buildings therein author-
ized to be constructed, together with ten per cent,
thereon to cover the compensation of architects,
superintendents, advertising, and other contingent
expenses, and so much as may be required to pur-
chase suitable sites for said buildings, be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the purposes
aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasury'not
otherwise appropriated: Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall be used or applied for
the purposes mentioned until a valid title to the land
for the sites of such bulidings, in each case shall be
vested in theUnited States,and until the Stateshall
also duly release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or in any way assess said site,
or the property of the United States that may
be thereon, during the time that the said United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be constructed
the following buildings:
At New Orleans, Louisiana, a marine hospital,
to cost not more than two hundred and forty-eight
thousand dollars; and when said hospital shall
have been completed, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall cause the old hospital at New Orleans
to be sold, and the proceeds thereof to be placed
in the Treasury of the United States.
At Detroit, Michigan, a marine hospital, to cost
not more than seventy-five thousand dollars.
At Pensacnla, Florida, a marine hospital, to cost
not more than twenty thousand dollars.
At Burlington, in the State of Iowa, a marine
hospital, to cost not more than fifteen thousand
dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral sums mentioned in the" preceding section as
the cost of the buildings therein authorized to be
constructed, together with ten per cent, thereon to
cover the compensation of architects, superintend-
ents, advertising, and other contingent expenses,
and so much as may be required to purchase suit-
able sites for said buildings, be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated for the purposes aforesaid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided, That no money hereby
appropriated shall be used or applied for the pur-
poses mentioned until a valid title to the land for
the site of such building, in each case, shall be
vested in the United States, and until the State
shall also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess said
site, or the property of the United States that may
be thereon, during the time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there be
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, a sum sufficient to pay
the clerks and employees of the Government, for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five, such additional com-
pensation as they may be entitled to receive, under
the act of twenty-second April, eighteen hundred
and fifty four, entitled "An act to amend the third
section of the act making appropriations- for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and for other purposes," and
where additional compensation is not otherwise
provided for: Provided, That all laborers in the
employment of the Executive Departments of the
Government m the City of Washington shall re-
ceive an annual salary of four hundred and eighty
dollars each: Provided further, That the Postmaster
General be allowed, in addition to his present
number, three clerks of class two and two of class
three; that the Attorney General be allowed, in
addition to his present number, one clerk of class
one, two of class two, and one of class three; that
the Secretary of the Treasury be allowed in the
First Auditor's office, in addition to the present
number, two clerks of class one, in the Sixth Aud-
itor's office, in addition to the present number,
seven clerks of class one, and one shall be taken
from class three and put in class four; and, in the
Treasurer's office, one clerk shall be taken from
class two, and one from class three, and put in
class four; and that the Secretary of State be al-
lowed, in addition to his present number of clerks,
two at an annual salary of twelve hundred dollars
each, one at an annual salary of fourteen hundred
dollars, and one at an annual salary of sixteen
hundred dollars; and the money necessary to pay
the compensation and increased compensation
under this section be,and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the libra-
rian of Congress shall receive eighteen hundred
dollars; the assistant librarians fifteen hundred
dollars each, and the messenger twelve hundred
dollars per annum, and the money is hereby
appropriated to pay the same.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That the col-
lections of the Exploring Expedition, now in the
Patent Office, be placed under the care and manage-
ment of the Commissioner of Patents, who is
hereby authorized to employ one principal keeper
of said collections at an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars, one assistant keeper at an annual
salary of seven hundred and fifty dollars, one night
watchman atan annual salary of six hundred dol-
lars, and two laborers at an annual salary each of
three hundred and sixty-five dollars.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That the first
proviso to the first section of the act emitted " An
act to provide compensation to such persons as
may be designated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to receive and keep the public money, under
the fifteenth section of the act of sixth August,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the additional
services required under thatact,"approved March
second, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, shall not
be construed to apply to the collector of the dis-
trict of Buffalo Creek, while such collector sliall
be one of the designated depositors of public
money.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the ac-
counts of the public printers, and the certificates
of the Superintendent of Public Printing thereon
shall be subject to the examination and control of
the accounting offieersand Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in like manner as other public accounts.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty four, in lieu of the clerks heretofore au-
thorized by law for the office of the assistant
treasurer at New York, he be authorized to ap-
point, with the approbation of the President of
the United States, one chief clerk at a salary of
two thousand one hundred dollars, one clerk at
two thousand dollars, two clerks at eighteen hun-
dred dollars each, two clerks at fifteen hundred
dollars each, one clerk at twelve hundred dollars,
one messenger at nine hundred dollars, and two
watchmen at five hundred and fifty dollars each,
per annum. In case of the sickness or unavoid-
able absence from his office of the assistant
treasurer, he may in his discretion authorize the
said chief clerk to act in his place, and to dis-
charge all the duties required by law of the as-
sistant treasurer.
Sec. 12 And be it further enacted, That from
and after the -thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, the annual salary of the chaplains
to Congress shall be seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars, and such sum additional to )that elsewhere
provided as may be required to pay the same to
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, The said sum shall be in full of all compen-
sation to be received by said chaplains.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
seventh section of the act of January eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, entitled " An
act supplementary to the act entitled 'An act es-
tablishing a Mint, and regulating the coins of the
United States,• " be so amended as to extend the
limit for the annual salary of clerks in the Mint
of the United States to eighteen hundred dollars
each, from and after the first-of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty four, at the discretion of the
officers authorized by law to appoint, with the
approbation of the President of the United States,
including also one clerk in the office of the as-
sistant treasurer at Philadelphia, and that the sal-
ary of the chief clerk of the branch Mint at New
Orleans shall be twenty-two hundred dollars from
and after the first of July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever it shall become necessary for the head of any
department or office to employ special agents,
other than officers of the Army or Navyjwho
may be charged with the disbursement of public
moneys, they shall, prior to entering upon duty as
such, give bond in such form and with such secu-
rity as the head of the Department or office em-
ploying said aeent may approve.
Sec. 15. And be it further_ enacted, That here-
after the warden of the penitentiary of the United
States for the District of Columbia, and the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, shall
make to the Secretary of the Interior, annually,
in time to accompany the annual message of the
President to Congress, report of their operations
for the preceding year, and of the manner in which
all appropriations have been applied, respectively;
and that all estimates of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds shall hereafter be
approved and submitted by the Secretary of the
Interior, annually, through the Treasury Depart-
ment, as other estimates to the two Houses of
Congress. And further, that all appropriations
which are herein made, or may behereafter made,
for repairs or improvements of the public build-
ings, grounds, and streets within the District of
Columbia, and now under the charge of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, shall
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior; and that all laws, or parts of laws,
inconsistent with this section, shall be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
Public, LXXIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for Fortifications and other works of Defense, and
for Repairs of Barracks and Quarters, for the year
ending the thirtieth of Jane, one thousand eight
handled and fifty jive.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qf America in Congress
