1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it was passed in violation of the Constitution,
and in derogation of our rights; and it is to be re-
pealed that we may be restored to the rights which
we had before it was passed. If we are not re-
stored to those rights, I submit to you, Mr. Pres-
ident, and to the country, the repeal of it is not
worth a rush to us. Why should we work our-
selves into a passion, excite the country, and re-
vive all this slavery agitation upon a mere ab-
straction? and I hold that it is an abstraction, unless
we are restored to the rights we had in the terri-
tory before the passage of the Missouri compro-
mise. If we get nothing by the repeal why repeal
it? I dare say that the Nebraska bill stands, in
the minds of southern people to-day, as it stood
in yours and mine at the beginning—as a gtmple
proposition to repeal the Missouri compromise,
and nothing more. When the distinguished author
of the bill [Mr. Douglas] came forward with hia
amendment—the one which the Senator from
North Carolina read this morning, and which 1
would reproduce if I had it before me—I hesitated
long as to" whether I would vote for it. It was
doing a little more than I felt we had contracted
to do in the beginning; but finding older Senators,
men of more experience, more learning, more
ability in every way, disposed to go for it I finally
gave up my objections.
I hesitated, sir, because, among other things, I
saw in it a departure from the original liberal and
just purpose of restoring us to the position we had
before the act of 1820. If we had the right to
introduce slaves into this territory before the re-
striction act of 1820, the repeal of that act would
have restored us to that right. The amendment
moved by the Senator from Illinois seemed to me
to be a denial of that restoration. But, as this
construction did not meet the sanction of older
Senators, I abandoned it. My anxiety to act in
harmony with my southern friends gave an easier
impulse to my decision. Imagine my surprise
when I heard the Senator from North Carolina
gravely contending that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois precluded the idea of
restoring the South to its original position, and
that his proviso only expressed, in language more
distinct, what had already been expressed in adopt-
ing the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Allow me to say, Mr. President, that I by no
means concur with the Senators from North Car-
olina and Virginia, that this bill is all the South
has ever asked. If their reading of it is correct
it falls immeasurably short of that point. The
South has asked to be left alone in the enjoyment
of all her rights—not to be legislated into or
out of the Territories. In 1820 Congress legis-
lated her out of Nebraska. In 1854 it is proposed
to repeal this unjust legislation, and restore her
to her lost position. But the Senator from Illinois
comes forward with an amendment, which the
Senator from North Carolina insists precludes
this idea, (I take it for granted no one questions
that but for the act of 1820 the southern people
could have introduced slavery into this Territory.)
The idea of restoring the French laws by repeal-
ing the Missouri act is wholly dispelled, we are
told, by the language of the amendment first pro-
posed. But to make assurance doubly sure, the
Senator from North Carolina brings in his pro-
viso, which says in terms, that no law existing
prior to 1820i_giving sanction or protection to
slavery in these Territories, shall be revived or
put in force. Suppose there were laws in these
Territories prior to 1820 sanctioning and protect-
ing slavery, as I think there were, and that you
repealed them by the act of 1820—as you did,
what does justice demand of you now?—not to
legislate slavery into the country, no one asks
that, but to repeal your repealing act, and put us
back where you found us. This would be non-
intervention. But it is not non-intervention for
you to keep in force the laws of Mexico, which
abolished slavery in Utah and New Mexico, and
to repeal the laws of Prance, which tolerated
slavery in Nebraska and Kansas.
I cannot concur with my friend from North
Carolina in the opinion, that in the simple act of
repealing the Missouri compromise, and thereby
restoring the laws in force before its passage, (ad-
mitting that those laws sanctioned and protected
slavery,) we should be legislating slavery into the
country. We found laws in force there sanc-
tioning slavery; we repealed those laws in 1820.
If, in 1854, we repeal the repealing act, and
! thereby pluce the original law in force, the case
| will stand as if we had not acted at all. So far
j from legislating slavery into the country we shall
| simply leave things where we found them.
Mr. President, in voting for the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois, I stood on the outer
verge of the precipice. One hair's breadth fur-
ther, I felt, would put me overboard. When the
Senator from North Carolina brought forward his
proviso, I said promptly I would not vote for it.
The Senator has explained that it makes no alter-
ation in the textof the bill as it had been amended.
In this he and I differ. But suppose it does not
then why ask us to vote for it ? If it left us where
we stood before why was it urged upon us ?
1 felt at the time that it was another concession;
that it was still another and wider departure from
the original purpose of the bill—the simple pur-
pose of repealing the Missouri act, and leaving the
South where we found her—and so regarding it
1 could not consent to vote for it. If the South is
not restored to her position, is it not a mockery to
talk about non-intervention? She has lost her
position in the Territories, and by the. acts of Con-
gress, and by those alone. She had protection for
slaves by virtue of the French laws prior to 1820
m these Territories. You took it away by the act
of 1820. Y'ou not only do not restore this specific
right in 1854, but you have said, in so many
werds, it shall not be restored.
I beg leave to dissent from another view of this
subject taken by the distinguished Senator from
North Carolina, but—no, 1 will not pursue the
' discussion. I simply rose to give the reasons
which influenced me in voting against the proviso
of my friend from North Carolina. 1 felt called
upon to do this from the course the discussion had
! taken this morning; and now having done this,
and not desiring to widen the field of debate by the
introduction of new topics, I take my seat.
Mr. CLAYTON. My honorable friend from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] has appealed to
me for the correctness of his statement in regard
to the compromise of 1848; and if I had no other
motive for rising now to answer his question,
my profound respect for him would induce me to
speak. He says, and says truly, that at the time
that compromise was proposed by me, the pred-
icate of northern men was, that whatever com-
promise should be entered into, the Mexican law
should not be repealed. The member of the com-
mittee on that compromise who first made the ob-
jection, that the Territorial Legislature should
have it in their power to legislate on slavery, was
j Mr. Phelps, of Vermont. He said, as my friend
I has stated to day, '• Here is a southern President;
i you propose to put into operation a government
I under his auspices and direction. Will he not |
I appoint a Governor and judges to repeal the Mex,-
; ican law which prohibits slavery in California and
New Mexico?"
Mr. Calhoun's view was that no power should
or could be conferred on any Territorial Legisla-
ture either to establish or prohibit slavery in the
Territory. He held that the Constitution of the
United Slates necessarily extended over the terri-
tories as soon as they were acquired, whether by
express enactment of law or without it; and that,
therefore, it controlled and repealed the Mexican
law existing at and before the acquisition of the
conquered and purchased country. In these views
of Mr. Calhoun southern gentlemen who voled for
the bill generally concurred. But the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] opposed the bill,
and opposed this opinion. He held that in the
face of the Mexican law, or in the absence of all
law upon the subject, slaves could not be carried
to the Territories; and he therefore dissented from
those who proposed, by the bill, to send the ques-
tion of law to the courts.
It is no part of my purpose to discuss the amend-
ment to the Nebraska bill proposed by my friend,
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger.]
That amendirfent provided, in substance, that the
bill should not be held to revive any prior law
which had established slavery in this Territory. I
leave that to others who are more interested to
establish slavery m Nebraska than I or my con-
stituents; and I am the more content to leave it
after what I said in the main debate on the bill be-
fore its passage, which has not been answered.
Those who are satisfied that the Territories should
be left, as they have said, a blank on this ques-
tion ; that there should be no law legalizing sla-
very, as there will not be under the bill, and with-
out the old Spanish law, of course cannot expect
any decision of the courts to sanction slavery there.
They rely on the action of the Territorial Legisla-
ture, elected by the transient persons who may
happen to be there when the government is organ-
ized, to sustain their claim to hold slaves there, or
they vainly expect to do it in the absence of all
law to authorize slavery.
This brings me to the question of the propriety
of giving these transient persons, few as we know
they must be, the right to decide this question of
slavery. Mr. Calhoun denounced this claim of
right in them as a most absurd and monstrous
doctrine; and he was the man who gave this power,
when thus conferred and exercised, the name of
"squatter sovereignty." The Nebraska bill which
passed the Senate is a bill which expressly con-
fers that power. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] was right when he rose in his place
immediately after the final vote on that bill, and
congratulated the Senate on the triumph of the
doctrines of squatter sovereignty! I say he was
perfectly right. It was the triumph of the very
doctrine which Calhoun repudiated in 1848, and
again in 1850. It authorizes the men who have
no interest in the Territory to settle the question
of slavery as they please—not merely to govern
themselves, but to govern in this respect all who
claim in the slave States to carry slaves there.
And now to defend their votes. Honorablegen-
tlemen venture to compare this squatter sover-
eignty bill with the true non-intervention bill of
1848. That, sir, was indeed a non-intervention
bill. It gave no power to any legislative councils
to prohibit or establish African slavery; and the
words which denied such a power to the local Le-
gislature, were drafted into the bill by amendment
in the committee by Mr. Calhoun himself. It
necessarily drove the parties, North and South, to
settle the slavery question in the courts, and ulti-
mately - into the Supreme Court of the United
States.' But this bill is only "a non-intervention
bill when the people of the Territories shall be
ready to form a State constitution preparatory to
admission into the Union. During the whole pe-
riod of their existence under the territorial gov-
ernment, the local Legislature not only may act but
will act under a power conferred in this bill by '
Congress, to which the power to legislate on the
same subject is absolutely denied by some of the
very gentlemen who voted for this bill. They
have not, and will not explain to us, how the
squatter sovereign can derive this power from Con-
gress when Congress does not possess it.
Nor will it avail gentlemen to say that the New
Mexico and Utah bills gave the same power to the
squatter sovereigns. Had Calhoun lived, those
bills would never have passed, in my opinion,
without amendment in this very particular. They
were not true non-intervention bills. What has
been the result' Non-action. Why? Because
those sovereigns desire to continue in those Ter-
ritories the Mexican laws, and consider them in
force there. It is vain to compare such measures
with the true non-intervention measures proposed
by the bill of 1848.
It is absurd to speak of non-intervention in these
Territories with the Missouri restriction clause in
force. Neither the bill of 1848, nor any other
measure, could provide for non-intervention with-
out repealing that clause. But apply the princi-
ples of the bill of 1848 to the Nebraska bill which
repeals that clause, and you have full and satis-
factory non-intervention. In the Nebraska bill, as
it passed the Senate, the principle of non-interven-
tion is abandoned, totally deserted by its pretended
friends, as long as the territorial governments
exist, and until the formation of State govern-
ments; because, while the Territorial Legislatures
may, by that bill, decide the question of slavery,
as it is now fully admitted they may, Congress
will necessarily exercise the power of revising
their acts; and theomission to declare that power
in the bill, or the mere striking out of the clause
which expressly gave Congress the power to re-
vise, does not, m the slightest degree, affect the
matter. Congress is, of course, left free by the
Constitution to intervene while the local Legisla-
tures act; and the question of slavery will be, of
course, agitated here whenever the Territorial Le-
gislatures shall decide that question. Nothing is
settled by the bill, because the true principles of
non-intervention have been deserted.
