1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
of the month, when their work was done, in-
spected, and approved, if the workmen had, by
superior skiii and industry, earned more than the
military commandant considered a fair average
month's wages, he would, without reason or jus-
tice, deduct a portion from the amount. This is
proved clearly by several respectable witnesses,
and cannot be denied. If these men complained,
their complaints met with haughty disregard, or
were looked upon as insubordination. What re-
dress had the poor workmen? Complaints were
idle, and only subjected the one who made them
to some greater act of tyranny, if such a thing
could be perpetrated. In civil life, the party ^o
treated by his employer could call to his aid the
strong arm of the law, and by .that means recover
what was honestly earned by him. But not so at
the armories. He must submit quietly to the in-
justice, or lose his place.
i do not mean to soy that all the officers who
have had command of the armories have shown
such arbitrary bearing and conduct. By no means.
There are some exct-ptions; but for a greater part
of the time these establishments have been under
the control of the military officers, the officers in
command have been arbitrary and tyrannical
towards the men under them. The consequence
^ of all this is, that the dissatisfaction has extended
itself outside of the armories, and citizens fi om all
quarters of the Union are memorializing Congress
to restore the civil superintendency.
it is idle to say that civilians of proper qualifi-
cations cannot be had to fill these offices. 1 have
no patience with those who assert that Army
officers are better qualified for these places than
other men. The history of the country, the ex-
perience of the Government, our own reason,
teaches us that is not so. Then why not yield to
what is manifestly the interest ot the Government
and the desire of the people, and forbid their em-
ployment in such service for the future?*
Mr. KE1TT. Mr. Chairman, I ask the indul-
gence of the committee while 1 make an explana-
tion. I am on the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, to which the question of the Capi-
tol extension has been committed; and also on the
special committee raised for the purpose of exam-
ining into the superintendency of the national arm*
orits, theextensionofthe Capitol, Unemployment
of military officers for the construction of custom-
houses, and other cognate matters. 1 believe that
the question of the extension of the Capitol has
been thoroughly investigated by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds; but the continuous
session of the special committee for the last three
months, to which I have given attendance, has
precluded me fiom joining in the investigations of
the Committee on Public Buildings and Giounds
on the Capitol extension question.
*Notf—The following card appeared in the
National Intelligencer of Thursday morning:
Washington, June 14, 1854.
To the Editors: Will you allow me enough ol your
ppace to notice ati amrrtiori made hy Mr. Stanton, in ins
f5|n-^c h to <lav, thai I had rejected hriclw nllVred hy Mr.
Wendrll for the Capitol «*\tenKion, undo his contract, as
unfit tor that buildm«, and afterward^ bought from him the
vciy brick? to um- in tin* aqm duct J
Whenever Mr. Stanton's mfoimant swears to that state-
ment, f "-hall produce Mi Tan, the sworn inspector of the
Government, who inspected and rejected Mt. Wendell's
Blad<'n<htirp Imk-Kh, luid who aW<>  n«pcctod the bricks
boueht for the aqueduct,and he will swear to the contrary.
Re&peciluUy, M. V. MKIGS,
Captain of Engineers.
in answer to the above, I will merely call atten-
tion to the subjoined letter of Mr. Wendell him-
self, which fully sustains me in the remarks made,
to which Captain Meigs, in his card, takes excep-
tion:
Washington, June 15, 1854.
Sir: >fy attention has been railed to a card of Captain
M. C. Meig*, Superintendent of the Capitol extension, pub-
hfbrd in the National f ufeih<r<*nc<>r of tins date, which
would seem to make it imperative on me to put in writing
tbvja<ts winch were verbally communicated to you by me
some short time since.
T asserted that Captain received from me bricks
burnt at the Bladcn^hurg yard ; that after waids bricks from
Uie fame kiln were rejected at the Capitol, and subsequently
to their rejection, were purchased by Captain at a
higher price than t would have been paid, under mv contract,
and shipped from the yard for the aqueduct
I repeat the&e assertions, and stand ready, at any mo-
ment, to substantiate them by testimony which cannot be
doubted in ifn.* community.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. WENDELL,
lion, R. H. Stanton, House of Representatives. ■
I desire now to say that the^pecial committee
has taken into consideration only the question of
the superintendency of the national armories.
My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] the
chairman, has made a majority report. In a day
or two I propose submitting a minority report
upon that portion of the subject committed to us.
A s to the disaffection alluded to by thegentleman,
my recollection of the testimony is this: One or two
of the witnesses who had been superintendents
under the civil system, but had been dismissed, did
speak feelingly and enthusiastically of disaffection;
but when we brought it down to the cause, it was
ascertained to be ihts: the disaffection was because
the military superintendent refused to have the
armory converted into a cabbage mart and pig sty.
Yes, sir, as far as I remember, the disaffection grew
out of the fact that the country people were not
allowed to sell milk, butter, and various other com-
modities, to the men during the hours of work and
in the armories.
I do not propose, however, to discuss the ques-
tion. I shall submit a minority report within a
short time, one almost entirely of factsand figures.
I intend that it shall be a collation and digest of
the laws, reports of various superintendents, and
expenses under each, in the manufacture of arms,
and the number and efficiency of the arms manu-
factured. Then the House will decide between
the two systems.
As to the other matters, I desire to say that no
testimony has been before our committee. It is
true that answeis weie given to questions pro-
pounded to the Secretary of War; but beyond
their application to armories I have not examined
them; and 1 am not prepared to say that I could
come to the same conclusions that my friend from
Kentucky has come to. I am here, sir, the par-
tisan of no man, and the blind advocate of no
Administration. I desire to hold the scales evenly
and justly; wherever the Administration is right
I propose to sustain it; wherever it is wrong I
shall oppose it.
In this matter, as in all others, whenever any
man has been called to discharge a high public
trust, 1 will regard him prima facie a.a having done
his duty, and hence, without some reasonable tes-
timony, without facts properly authenticated, I
will not conclude that the President of the United
States has violated the law, and that the Secretary
of War has trampled down the enactments of this
body, f mean to say, also, these military men
are not anxious to be employed as they are. Major
Huger, not unknown to fame for his military ex-
ploits in Mexico,who was the military supei internm-
ent at Harper's Ferry, told me that he, as well
as othei officers, would be glad to get lid of the
duties connected with the superintendency of the
national armories, because they had no additional
compensation allowed them, and had onerous du-
ties to perform. I am mfoi med, also, by the highest
aufhotiiy, that the Secretaiy of War will not
furnish the Secretary of the Treasury, or Secretary
of the Navy, with as many military officers as they
desire. These public men, these men with civil
trusts confided to them, have, in the discharge of
their duties, tnmle application to the Secretary of
War for an additional number of office^, which he
has been compelled to refuse. I desire to say,
also, in this connection, that I cannot concur in
this idea of expelling military men from connec-
tion with the national armories. TheGovernment,
like an individual, should have the right to seek
everywhere for the best talent, and for the best
ability to carry out its purposes. Your armories
fabricate the arms which ate to be put into the
hands of your own soldiers, when they go to defend
the honor of their country upon the battle-field.
Committed to them are the flag of the country and
the lives of its citizens. I only ask that the Gov-
ernment shall have the right to do what an individ-
ual has the right to do—to seek the best scientific
ability which it can find, in order to carry out
its great purposes. I do not mean to discuss this
question at this time. When the question of mili-
tary superintendency comes up, I shall be prepared
to present my views more fully upon this subject.
I am unbiased—I desire to discharge a public
duty, and I will not prejudge a great question;
nor will I, where the blood of the people, and the
honor of our ftag are involved, turn the subject
over to the struggles of partisan warfare, or the
biddings of future political gamesters. When the
public interests are at stake, I shall ask no ques-
tion about the complexion of the Administra-
tion.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the WholeonthestateoftheUnion
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 48, being a bill " making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govefn-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855,"
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, informing: the House
that they had passed, without amendment, a bili
of the House of the following title:
An act (No. 51) for the relief of the widow and
heirs of Elijah Beebe.
Also, that they had agreed to the amendment of
the House to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 311) regulating the pay
of deputy postmasters; and
That they had agreed to the resolution of the
House providing for the adjournment of the two
Houses, with an amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned untill to-morrow at -twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 15, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbuiin.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the credentials of
Hon. Julius Rockwell, appointed by the Exec-
utive of Massachusetts a Senator from lhat State
until the next meeting of the Legislature, in the
place of Hon. Edward Everett, resigned.
The credentials were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Rockwell, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of resi
dents of Calumet county, Wisconsin, and owners
of land in the Stockbruige reservation, praying to
be protected m their titles to said land; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian AfTahs.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Oneida, in the State of New York, pray-
ing a reduction in the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of P. C.
Miles, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed an increase of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of the
heirs of Colonel John D. Thompson, lateofCecil
county, Maryland, deceased, praying to be al-
lowed the commutation pay and bounty land to
which the said Colonel Thompson was entitled as
"an officer in the war of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Clai.ms.
Mr. WELLER presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of California, in rela-
tion to an appropriation for the removal of the
wreck of the ship Aberdeen, in San Francisco
harbor; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, the memorial of J. Rutherford Worster,
of the city of San Francisco, California, and other
citizens of that State, praying Congress to make
an appropriation fur the removal of the wreck of
the ship Aberdeen, in the harbor of San Francis-
co; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a letter of J. C. Fre-
mont, addressed to the editors of the National In-
telligencer, communicating some general results of
a recent winter expedition across the Rocky
Mountains for the survey of a railroad to the Pa-
cific; which was referred to the select committee
