%mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the construction, pieservation, and re- ;
pairs of certain fortifications, barracks, and quar-
ters, for the year ending the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-five:
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
* For Fort Knox, at narrows of Penobscot river,
Maine, twenty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, at the narrows, Boston har-
bor, Massachusetts, thirty thousand dollars.
For Fort Adams and quarters, entrance to Nar-
ragansett roads, Rhode island, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, entrance to Long Island
sound, New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Fort Richmond, at the narrows, New York
harbor, sixty thousand dollats.
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, Delaware,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, entrance to Hampton roads,
Virginia, twenty thousand dollars.
For Fort Sumpter, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, twenty thousand dollars.
For Fort Clinch, entrance to Cumberland sound,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Barancas and barracks, Pensacola
harbor, ten thousand dollars.
For Fort McRee, Pensacola harbor, and reser-
vation of the site, tun thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Tortugas, Florida, fifty
thousand dollars.
For fortifications at Alcatras Island, San Fran-
cisco bay, California, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For fortifications at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco bay, California, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For armament of fortifications in the harbor of
San Francisco, California, one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars.
For forts on the western frontiers of Texas, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For repair of Fort Niagara, New York, three
thousand dollars.
For repair of Fort Preble, Portland harbor,
Maine, one thousand dollars.
l?qp repair and improvement of Fort Inde-
pendence, Boston harbor, Massachusetts, ten
thousand dollars.
For repair of Fort Columbus and Castle Wil-
liams, New York harbor, four thousand five
hundred dollars.
For repair of Fort Hamilton, and for permanent
wharf thereat, New York harbor, ten thousand
dollars.
For repair of Fort Mifllin, Delaware river,
Pennsylvania, one thousand dollars.
For repair of wharf at Old Point Comfort, Vir-
ginia, seven thousand dollars.
For repair of Fort Macon, Beaufort harbor,
North Carolina, two thousand dollars.
For preservation of the site of Port Macon,
Beaufort harbor, Noith Carolina, one thousand |
dollars. ;
For preservation of the site of Fort Johnson, j
including a new wharf, Charleston harbor, South j
Carolina, four thousand two hundred dollars. ;
For preservation of Fort Moultrie, Charleston j
harbor, South Carolina, twelve thousand three i
hundred dollars. i
For repairs of Fort Jackson, Savannah river, j
Georgia, five thousand dollars. j
For repairs of Fort Morgan, mouth of Mobile ,
bay, Alabama, five thousand dollars. |
For repairs of Fort Pike, Rigolet Pass, Louis- !
iana, one thousand dollars. !
For repairs of Fort Macomb, (formerly Fort
Wood,) ChefMenteur Pass, Louisiana, two thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of Tower Dupre, Bayou Dupre,
Louisiana, five hundred dollars. I
For repairs and extension of Fort St. Philip, !
Mississippi river, Louisiana, twenty-five thousand '
dollars. i
For barracks and quarters at Fort Hamilton, <
New York, one thousand dollars. 1
For contingent expenses of the fortifications not'
herein mentioned, the preservation of their sites,
the protection of title, and repairs of sudden dam-
age to forts, twenty thousand dollars.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Civil Township of Marion, in the county of
Mercer, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Coyigress
assembled, That the trustees of the civil township
of Marion, in the county of Mercer, and State of
Ohio, be, and they are hereby, authorized to se-
lect, out of the unsold lands of the United States
m said State, one section of land for school pur-
poses, in lieu of section sixteen, to which said
township is entitled by acts of Congress; and
when the said trustees shall have selected said
section of land, they shall notify the register of
the land office of the district m which said lands
lie, and the same shall be reserved for sale, and
set apart for the use of schools in said township;
Provided, That said selection and notification be
made within twelve months from the passage of
this act: And provided farther, That said selection
shall be made of legal subdivisions of the public
lands, and in quantities of not less than one hun-
dred and sixty acres.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the title
to the said lands, when so selected and set apart,
shall vest in the State of Ohio, for the use of com-
mon schools in said township, and shall be sub-
ject to the same disposition and uses that the
sections sixteen in the said State have been made
by the various acts of Congress affecting the
same.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXXV.—An Act granting the Right of
Way over, and Depot Grounds on, the Military
Reserve at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan,
to the Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant to the
Port Huron ant£ Lake Michigan Railroad Com-
pany the right of way upon lands reserved for
military purposes at Fort Gratiot, in the State of
Michigan, and also the richt to take and use other
land belonging to the United States at the same
place for necessary depots: Provided, That he
shall be of opinion that the said grants will not be
detrimental to the public interests, and that the
company pay into the Treasury of the United
States the appraised value of the premises re-
quired for the depots and other necessary build-
ings to be determined by such officer or officers of
the Engineer Corps, or such other peison or per-
sons as the Department may designate for that
purpose: And provided further, That the location
and width of the roadway, and the location and
boundaries of the depot grounds, and also the
conditions on which they are to be possessed and
improved, shall be determined under the authority
and with the approval of the President: Andpro-
vided further, That if the said railioad and depots
shall not be completed within ten yenra, or if at
any time after completion, the use of the said
railroad or depots be discontinued or abandoned,
thp said e;rant shall cease and determine.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXXVl.—An Act to revive the Act ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and twenty-
three, and the Act approved May twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-four, supplemental
thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo Claims to
Land in Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
as$tmilled, That the act approved March thiid,
eighteen hundred and twenty-three, entitled " An
act providing for the examination of the titles to
land in that part of the State of Louisiana, situ-
ated between the Rio Hondo and theSabme river,"
and the act approved May twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred and twenty-four, entitled " An act sup-
plementary to an act providing for the examin-
ation of titles to land in that part of the State of
Louisiana situated between the Rio Hondo and
the Sabine," be, and the same are hereby, revived
for and during the space of two years from the
promulgation of this act.
Sec. 2. And he itfurther enacted, That the regis-
ter and receiver at Natchitoches shall, severally,
rdBeive, as a full compensation for the duties re-
quired of them by the acts herein revived, the sum
of fifty dollars whenever they shall have finished
the business required of them by the acts herein
revived, and shall forward their reports to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXXVil.—An Act to increase the Pay of
the Rank and File of the Army, and to encourage
Enlistments.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the pay of the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the Army of
the United States, shall be increased at th.e rate of
four dollars per month, and to continue for the
term of three years from and after the first day of
January next, and until otherwise fixed by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
soldier, who, having been honorably discharged
from theservice oftheUmted States,shall, within
one month thereafter, reenlist, shall be entitled to
two dollars per month in addition to the ordinary
pay of his grade, for the first period of five years
after the expiration of his previous enlistment,
and a further sum of one dollar per month for
each successive period of five years, so long as he
shall remain continuously in the Army; and that
soldiers now in the Army, who have served one
or more enlistments, and been honorably dis-
charged, shall be entitled to the benefits herein
provided for a second enlistment.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That soldiers
who served in the war with Mexico, and received
a certificate of merit for distinguished services, as
well those now in the Army as those that may
hereafter enlist, shall receive the two dollars per
month to which that certificate would have enti-
tled them had they remained continuously in the
Army.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That non-
commissioned officers, who, under the authority
of the seventeenth section of the act approved
March third, eighteen hundred and forty-seven,
were recommended for promotion by brevet to the
lowest grade of commissioned officer, but did not
receive the benefit of that provision, shall be en-
titled, under the condition recited in the foregoing
section, to the additional pay authorized to be
given to such privates as received certificates of
merit.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to confer the brevet of second lieuten-
ant upon such meritorious non-commissioned offi-
cers as may, under regulations to be established,
be brought before an Army Board, composed of
four officers of rank, specially convened for the
purpose, and be found qualified for the duties of
commissioned officers; and to attach them to regi-
ments as supernumerary officers, according to the
provisions of the fourth section of the act ap-
proved April twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
twelve, entitled " An act making further provision
. for the corps of engineer."
; Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the allow-
I ance to soldiers employed tit work on fortifications,
i in surveys, in cutting roads, and other constant
' labor, of not less than ten days, authorised by the
act approved March second,eighteen hundred and
; nineteen, entitled "An act to regulate the pay of
! the Army when employed on fatigue duty," be
| increased to twenty-five cents per day for men
| employed as laborers and teamsters, and forty
, cents per day when employed as mechanics, at al
! stations east of the Rocky Mountains, and to
' thirty-five cents and fifty cents per day, respect-
j ively, when the men are employed at the stations
! west of those mountains.
: Approved, August 4, 1854.
Public, LXXVIH.—An Act to repeal the first pro-
viso of the fourth section of the act entitled "An act
granting bounty land to ceitain Officers and Sol-
diers who have been engaged in the Military Service
of the United States," approved September twenty-
eighth, one thousand eight hundred and fifty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
