1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the first proviso of the fourth sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September twenty-eighth, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Api>roveb, August 4, 1854.
Public, LXXIX.—An Act to Incorporate the
Pionetr Manufacturing Company of Georgetown,
D. C.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Thomas Wilson, Evan Lyons,
Esau Pickrell, and Thomas Brown, their asso-
ciates, successors, and assigns, be, and they are
hereby made and constituted a body-corporate
and politic, by the name of" The Pioneer Manu-
facturing Company of Georgetown, D. C.," to be
established at Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and as such shall have succession, and
may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded,
in any court of law or equity, and may have and
use a common seal, and the same may change and
alter at pleasure, and shall have and may exercise
all the powers, rights and privileges which are
incident to a corporation except as restricted by
this act, and which are necessary and proper for
manufacturing cotton, woollen, or silk goods or
fabrics of various descriptions, and vending the
same, and for making and constructing all ma-
chinery which may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and may purchase, have, hold, use,
and enjoy such a quantity of land as may be suffi-
cient for prosefeuting the business aforesaid, to
erect thereon such buildings and improvements as
may be necessary for the purposes aforesaid, and
to sell and dispose of the same at pleasure.
Sec . 2. And be it furtherenacted, That the cap-
ital stock or property already contributed by the
parties hereby incorporated, and their associates,
shall be divided into shares of one hundred dollars
each, to be distributed amongst the said parties
and their associates, in proportion to their respect-
ive interests; and the capital stock of the corpora-
tion may be increased from time to time, in such
manner as the stockholders in general meeting
may direct, so that the entire capital stock atany
one time shall not exceed two hundred thousand
dollars; and the said shares shall be deemed and
taken as personal estate, and shall be transferable
only on the books of the corporation, and in such
manner as may be prescribed by the by-laws
thereof; and the owner of one or more such shares
shall, in virtue thereof, be entitled at all elections,
and in all meetings of the stockholders, to one vote
for each and every share which may be owned by
him, which said vote may be given in person or
by proxy, in such manner as the by-laws may
direct.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the man-
agement of the business and concerns of said cor-
poration, subject, nevertheless, to such restraint
and qualifications as may be prescribed by the
by-laws or other votes of the stockholders adopted
in general meeting, shall be vested in a board to
consist of a president and six directors', who shall
be elected by ballot, and shall be stockholders at
the time of their election; and they, or a majority
of them, shall be a quorum for the transaction of
business; that the first board shall be elected within
six months after the passage of this act; and the
subsequent elections shall be made annually there-
after, on the first Monday in May, at a general
meeting of the stockholders, to be convened for
the purpose at such time and place; and after such
notice as may be fixed by the by-laws of the cor-
poration, or by the president and directors in con-
formity therewith; but if an election shall not be
made on the day appointed for the purpose, it
may be made at any time thereafter; and the pres-
ident and directors, for the time being, shall hold
and exercise their offices until a new election shall
be made; and in case of a vacancy in the office of
president or director, the remaining members of
the board shall choose a president or director, as
the case may be, to serve until the next annual
election.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That a general
meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the
president and directors as often as they may deem
expedient, or as the stockholders by their by-
laws or other votes may direct, and may likewise
be called by any number of stockholders owning
not less than one fourth part of the capital stock;
and at least five days' notice of the time and place
of such meeting shall be given to each stockholder
personally, or by advertisement, to be inserted in
a newspaper published daily in the City of Wash-
ington; and in any meeting of stockholders for
the transaction of any business, the owners of
the major part of the capital stock present by
person or by proxy, shall form a quorum; and
every such meeting shall have full power and
authority to provide by ordinary by-laws, or by
other vote, for transacting the business of the cor-
poration, which by-laws or vote, whilst in force,
shall be binding on the president and directors.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to confer
banking privileges on the said corporation, or the
power of issuing bank notes, or notes in the na-
ture of bank notes or paper intended to circulate
as bank notes or currency: Provided, That noth-
ing in this act contained shall be so construed as
to prevent the Congress of the United States from
altering or repealing the same whenever the pub-
lic good requires it: And provided farther, That
the stockholders, individually and collectively,
shall be responsible for all the acts done, and ob-
ligations incurred by the corporation created by
this act.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
Public, LXXX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriatecWor the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-five, out of any moneys in theTreasury aris-
ing from the revenues of the said Department, in
conformity to the act of the second of July, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, five million two
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, two millions
of dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For wrapping paper, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For office furniture in the post offices, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For advertising, eighty-live thousand dollars.
For mail bags, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For blanks, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sixty
thousand dollars. ,
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, five
hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
fifty-five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars.
For compilation of post routes, as contained in
the bill passed at the present session of Congress
establishing routes, one thousand dollars.
To enable the Postmaster General to purchase
the patent of the clam-shell padlock, should he be
of opinion the public service requires it, the sum
of five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a sum
not exceeding two million three hundred and forty-
four thousand four hundred and sixty-four dollars,
to supply any deficiency that may arise in the
revenues of the Post Office Department to meet
the foregoing appropriations for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-five.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
the Postmaster General be authorized and directed
to continue the mail service between Charleston,
Key West, and Havana during August and Sep-
tember, by a competent steamer, as it is now being
performed during ten months of the year, and that
to enable him to do so, ten thousand dollars are
hereby appropriated, out of any money in tlie
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be
allowed and paid to the postmaster of Washing- "
ton city, District of Columbia, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,"a
commission of one mill per pound upon the aggre-
gate weight of public documents printed by order "
of Congress and deposited in the office' of said
postmaster to be mailed; this allowance to com-
mence with the passage of this act, and to con-
tinue for one year only, and to be computed from
the ascertained weight for the month of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four. And that th&
said postmaster be required to pay out of the said
commissions to the clerks and other employees of'
his office a sum not exceeding two hundred and
fifty dollars each, per annum, as compensation for
the extra labor performed by them in the assort-
ment and mailing of said documents; and that he
be required to account for, and settle with, the
Post Office Department for the disbursement of
these commissions, and any surplus that may re-
main, in the same manner as is now required in
the settlement of his other accounts.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be authorized and directed to es-
tablish a mail on the Mississippi river from Cairo
to New Orleans, and from Keokuk, Iowa, to Ga-
lena, in Illinois, and that he contract for the same-
in one lige, orin such divisions orsections, or both,
as may be most compatible with the public ser-
vice; and to facilitate the execution of this section^
the Postmaster General may make immediate
temporary arrangements for carrying said mail
by the trip; and if he fails to obtain acceptable,
bids after advertising for thirty days, he may
make private contracts for carrying said mail, and
the said mail shall be carried daily from Cairo to
New Orleans; but the Postmaster General is au-
thorized , at his discretion, to restrict the delivery of
the mail at all other points than Cairo, Memphis,
Napoleon, Vicksburg, Natchez, Baton Rouge, and
New Orleans, to three mails a week each way;
Provided, Nothing herein contained shall be' so
construed as to impair the rights of partieshere-
tofore contracting for said service.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, LXXXl.—An Act to graduate and reduce
the price of the Public Lands to actual Settlers and
Cultivators.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States which shall have been in market for ten
years or upwards, prior to the time of application
to enter the same under the provisions of this act,
and still remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale,
at the price of one dollar per acre; ana all ofttoe
lands of the United States that shall have been in
market for fifteen years or upwards, as aforesaid,
and still remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale
at seventy-five cents per acre; and all of the lands
of the United States that shall have been in market
for twenty years or upwards, as aforesaid, and
still remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale at
fifty cents per acre; and all of the lands of the
United States that shall have been in market for
twenty-five years and upwards, as aforesaid,
and still remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale
at twenty-five cents per acre; and all lands of the
United States that shall have been m market for
thirty years or more, shall be subject to sale at
twelve-and-a-half cents per acre: Provided, This
section shall not be so construed as to extend to
lands reserved to the United States, in acts grant-
ing land to States for railroad or other internal
improvements, or to mineral lands' held at over
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That upon
every reduction in price under the provisions of
this act, the occupant and settler upon the lands
shall have the right of preemption at such gradu-
ated price, upon the same terms, conditions, re-
strictions, and limitations, upon which the public
lands of the United States are now subject to the
right of preemption, until within thirty days pre-
ceding the next graduation or reduction that shall
take place; and if not so purchased, shall again b«
subject to right of preemption foreleven months 83
before, and so on from time to time, as reductions
take place: Provided, That nothing in this act
