1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
clared their intentions to become such; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of j
William Black, boatswain in the United States
Exploring Expedition in 1838 and 1839, praying
to be allowed the same extra pay that has been
allowed toother officers of a like grade in the same
expedition; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Charles J. Swett, praying compensation for his
services during the time he acted as purser on
board the steam frigate San Jacmto; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented two petitions of legal
voters of Nelson, New Hampshire, remonstrating
against the passage of the Nebraska bill or any
other modification or repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of James Stewart, a private
of militia in the last war with Great Britain, pray-
ing a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions, signed
by nine hundred and sixty-three women of Fitch-
burg, Massachusetts, remonstrating against any
infringement of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, resolutions passed at a town meeting of
citizens of Adams, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against a repeal of the Missouri compromise;
-which were ordered to lie on the table.
„ Also, resolutions passed at the annual meeting
of the legal voters of Beverley, Massachusetts,
held Maich 13, 1854, against the repeal of the
Missouri compromise; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Illinois, in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from the
west shore of Lake Michigan to the mineral re-
gion of Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Illinois,
in favor of a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a ship-canal around the Falls of Niagara;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois,
in favor of the admission of sugar, molasses, and
railroad iron, free of duty; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Robert
Mills, prayinc an appropriation by Congress to
enable him to demonstrate the advantages of cer-
tain improvements made by him in the construc-
tion of railroads; which was referred to the select
committee on the subject of the Pacific railroad.
PAPER WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Bryan Cailashan be with-
drawn from the flies of the Senate, and reterreci to the Com-
Jim tee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, their Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a joint resolu-
tion from the Senate, accepting certain volumes
and medals presented by her Britannic Majesty's
Government to the United States.
Reports from standing committees.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Van Brunt, praying relief for losses incurred
Him in consequence of the occupation of his
property in 1814 by troops raised for the defense
of New York, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
'o whom were referred the following bills from the
House of Representatives, reported them back
without amendment, and recommended their pas-
sage:
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Isaac P. Simonton; and
Bill for the relief of Madison Parton.
Mr- PEARCE, from the Committee on Fi-
ttance, to whom was referred the memorial of
Horace Southmayd & Son, praying the return
°f certain duties, said to be illegally charged at
Tampico, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for their relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee oil
Claims, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of the legal
representatives of Captain William Davis, late
commander of the United States transport schooner
Eufaha, reported it without amendment, together
with a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the heirs of
Robert Sewall, praying compensation for property
destroyed during the late war with Great Britain,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William C. Parke,
praying for a distribution of the unclaimed balance
of prize money appropriated by Congress for the
heirs of John Paul Jones and the officers and men
of the frigate Alliance, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill sup-
plementary to an act confirming claims to land in
the State of Missouri, and for other purposes;
which was read a firstand second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Margaret A. Copley, of the State of
Louisiana; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
providing for theWistributionofarms to the several
States and Territories, was read afirstand second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
SAMUEL K. RAYBURN.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred House bill for the relief of
Samuel K. Ray burn, have directed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask the indulgence of the Senate to
put it upon its passage now. It is one which I
think will incur no opposition.
TheSenateaccordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. CLAY. The facts of the case are briefly
these:' Mr. Rayburn was a volunteer in the ser-
vice in Mexico, and a private in a company of
horse. It is clearly proven that while in the line
of his duty, in the pursuit of some Mexicans,
who fled before them, his horse fell into a well,
which are numerous and peculiar to that country,
some twelve feet m diameter, and some thirty
feet in depth, and from that well he was rescued
with some difficulty by some peons, who hap-
pened to pass by and discovered him: but his
horse and all his equipments were lost; and now
he asks payment for the horse and the equipments,
amounting to $105! There was no difference of
opinion in the committee upon it. It passed the
House committee unanimously; and when under
consideration in the House, met with no opposi-
tion whatever, and I think will meet with none
here.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; was ordered to be read a third time,
was read a third time, and passed.
CADETS AT WEST POINT.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, explanatory of the law regulating the
number of cadets to be appointed to the Military
Academy at West Point, was read a first and
second time.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution will
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
if there be no objection.
Mr. SHIELDS. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, I should prefer that the joint resolution be
put upon its passage now. It is to remedy a dif-
ficulty existing in some of the districts in the sev-
eral States so as to enable them to appoint cadets
to the Military Academy, and it is necessary that
it should be done as speedily as possible, in order
to enable the appointees to join their classes. 1
think we understand the matter pretty well, and
there is no necessity for referring it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. ■ I should like to have
it put on its passage at this time, if thei;e be no
objection.
Mr. STUART. Let it be read.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest that it had better
be referred. I have long been of the opinion that
an alteration should be made in the law in regard
to thlat institution, so as to give to the members
of this body the power to appoint as well as those
of the other House.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator is cor-
rect, and I am about to call up a bill to accomplish
that object; but this is an entirely distinct matter.
1 will state, that under the redisricting of theStates,
in the additional districts in some of the States,
they are unable to make the appointment which
the law regulates, without this explanatory bill.
The appointments have already been made in all
other cases; and unless this bill pass, these will not
be made in time to join their classes.
Mr. HUNTER. I think this bill ought to pass
in advance of the other. It is to reconcile an ex-
isting difficulty growing out of the redisricting of
the States.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is it.
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to be passed in time
to meet the specific case. It requires immediate
action.
Mr. SHIELDS. The matter which the honor-
able Senator mentions is already embodied in a
bill which I shall perhaps endeavor to have con-
sidered this morning.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the joint resolution at this
time.
Mr. PRATT. I would like to make an inquiry
of the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. I understand there is a bill
giving each Senator power to appoint a cadet.
May i ask the honorable chairman whether this
joint resolution confers that power ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I stated that it does not.
Mr. PRATT. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to'ask a question of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. Does this joint resolution increase
the number of cadets provided for bylaw? There
were two hundred and thirty-three appointed at
the former Congress; does this increase the num-
ber?
Mr. SHIELDS. It does.
Mr. JOHNSON. Temporarilyorpermanently >
Mr. SHIELDS. It enables these additional
districts to make new appointments.
Mr. JOHNSON. As things now stand, some
districts already have two cadets, while other dis-
tricts, under the redisricting, have none whatever.
Is that so ?
Mr. SHIELDS. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. Many of the new States
have increased in population, and consequent rep-
resentation. I will ask the Senator whether or
not there is any provision m the joint resolution
for the additional districts in the new States in re-
gard to the number of cadets?
Mr. SHIELDS. The object of the bill is to
put them on the same footing as others.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest to the Senator
from Illinois, that if he will have the joint resolu-
tion read, it will enable us to understand what it
is about.
The PRESIDENT. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina object to its considera-
lion.   mi i ♦
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; I will not object to
it. I merely made a suggestion.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read for
the information of the Senate. _
It proposes to direct that nothing contained m
any act of Congress shall be construed to deprive
any congressional district in the United Slates of
its right to a cadet at the academy; but that when-
ever, from a rearrangement of congressional dis-
tricts in any State, more than one cadet shall be
thrown into the same district, notwithstanding such
fact, thSre shall be appointed, in the manner now
prescribed by Jaw, one cadet from every other dis-
trict from which there is no cadet in the institu-
