1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
able; and it reserves to them those rights which
are secured by former treaties.
With the solitary exception of that particular
provision, I believe there is nothing substantial
required by this bill to be incorporated in the trea-
ties, which is not in other bills. It is because we
desire «ome uniform policy for the government of
our Executive in making our treaties, that it was
thought proper to make it obligatory upon the
President as the law of the land which he, as the
Executive, is no more at liberty to disregard than
is any other officer of the Government.
Mr. PEARCE. If the precedent to which the
Senator from Arkansas has referred be as he sup-
poses, it is, of course, in point; but I do not think
that anything is due to its authority notwithstand-
ing. It does seem to me to be altogether out of
the competency of Congress to prescribe the
terms of a treaty, and that is precisely what this
bill undertakes to do. It says the President " is
hereby authorized to cause negotiations to be en-
tered into with the Chippewa Indians," 14 which
treaty shall contain the following provisions,"
&c. It seems to me to be an attempt, by legisla-
tion, to control and mould a treaty, and to take,
in substance and form, an authority which belongs
solely to the Executive.
I know itis very common to insert in appropri-
ation bills a clause appropriating money to enable
the President to carry on negotiations, which are
to result in Indian treaties. To that 1 make no
manner of objection, but this seems to me to be a
departure from the general principle, in spite of the
one precedent to which the Senator has referred,
and therefore a violation of the constitutional au-
thority of the Executive to make treaties, for the
bill provides the terms upon which we propose
the treaty shall be made. As well might Con-
gress paMupon and ratify the treaties themselves,
as direct m advance the provisions which shall
form a part of those treaties, and give to them
their character.
This, therefore, as my friend from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Badger] suggests to me, is introducing
the House of Representatives in a new character,
to wit, the character of a part of the treaty-
making power. They may alter and amend this
bill, they may strike out any provision which is
put m and insert another, and so the treaty to be
made is to be made by the House of Representa-
tives, which is no part of the treaty-making power.
Practically this may be in itself of no great im-
portance, but it is important that we should adhere
to the forms and spirit of the Constitution, and we
should not undertake to do, by a legislative act,
that which properly belongs, arid belongs solely
to the Executive authority. I think, therefore, I
shall not be able to give my assent to the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I hope thus bill will be nl-
frlowed to he over until to-morrow. Some serious
questions are presented in it, as it now stands. I
regard it as a direct encroachment upon the Ex-
ecutive power. It will he, as the Senator has al-
ready said, the introduction of the House of Rep-
resentatives into thetreaty-makingpower. Under
our form of government that power is vested ex-
clusively in the Executive and m the Senate. I
do not see how the President could approve of
this act, because it is a direct encroachment on
the part of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment upon the power vested, under the Constitu-
tion, exclusively m the Executive. I hope, there-
fore, the bill may be postponed, at all events
until to-morrow; and 1 make the motion for the
postponement of its further consideration until to-
morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the last river and har-
bor bill which was passed, there was a provision
made for the removal of the Red river raft. At
a*subsequenttime, and during the same Congress,
on the 7th January, 1853, it was thought that the
appropriation could be so used as to secure the
removal of the whole of the raft for that sum, and
that it could be kept removed for a number of
years, and application was made to Congress,
which passed a joint resolution, which, as it is
very short, I will read.
iC A resolution explanatory of the act appropriating money
for the removal of the raft of Rfd river.
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representative? of
the United States of,America in Congress cmemWed, That
so much of the act entitled "An actmaking appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers," ap-
proved August thutieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
as relates to Red river, be so construed as to authorize the
Secretary of War to award the contract for the removal of
obstructions to ihe navigation of said river occasioned by
the raft, to the person or persons who, for the amount of
the appropriation, will agree to remove said obstructions,
and keep said navigation free from the same for the longest
period of time j said contract to be awarded after reason-
able public notice."
Thus the contract was to be given to the lowest
bidder who would keep the navigation clear for the
longest period of time. That resolution was ap-
proved January 7, 1853. Thecontractwasoffered
in that way; but, as it subsequently turned out,
no one would bid for any contract to clear out the
whole of that raft for the amount appropriated.
The consequence is, that nothing has been done
with the appropriation. No step has been taken
towards the removal of the raft, or the improve-
ment of the navigation at that point, in accordance
with the provision in the river and harbor bill. I
have a letter from the Secretary of War, in which
he says:
" 1 would recommend that the terms of the existing ap-
propriation for the removal of the raft should be so changed
a-? to enable this Department to use the fund in the manner
most conducive to the object for which it was granted."
1 ask leave to introduce the following joint res-
olution.
A resolution relative to the raft of Red river:
Resolved, 4 c., That the joint resolution, entitled " A
joint resolution explanatory of the act appropriating money
for the removal of the raft of Red river," approved'January
7,1853, be, and is hereby, lepealed; and that the Secretary
of the Department of War b«* authorized to expend the ap-
propnation in reference to the Red river raft in such a way
and for such purpose as he may approve, having in view
the improvement of the navigation of Red river in and
around the said raft.
I ask the Senate, Mr. President, to consent to
put the resolution upon its passage at this time.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state for the informa-
tion of my friend from Arkansas, as he may be
ignorant of the fact, that in the House of Repre-
sentatives a resolution of a somewhat similar
character, in relation to improvements in Albe-
marle Sound, in which there was a similar re-
striction, now places the appropriation at the
discretion of the Secietary of War. To that
resolution which is now pending in the House,
an amendment somewhat similar to this has been
made by the Committee on Commerce, has been
reported tothe House, and is nowpending. Ico
not by any means object to the consideration of
this resolution, but I mention this to the Senator
from Arkansas, lest he should not have perceived
it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was aware of that. This
appropriation has been tied up now for some two
years oi upward, and the time is not very distant
when it must revert to the Treasury unless some-
thing is done in regard to it. What may be the
effect of such action by the House of Representa-
tives as is indicated by the Senator, I do not
know. I was aware of the effort being made there;
but I will ask that this resolution, which is rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War, and which
is so necessary to any disposition whatever of an
appropriation that is already in existence, be put
upon its passage.
Unanimous consent was given for the introduc-
tion of the resolution, and it was read twice by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
No amendment-being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate.
Mr,. WALKER. The effect of this resolution
, will evidently be to leave the amount which is to
J be expended for the improvement of Red river un-
| limited. The idea entertained at the time the ap-
| propriation was made, was that it would complete
the work, it was subsequently thought that it
| was more than enough to remove the raft, and
j that it would go far to superinduce the contractors
; to keep the raft out of the river, and the naviga-
tion clear.
We are now informed by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, that it has been ascertained that the mere
removal will not be undertaken for the amount ap-
propriated. The resolution which has been intro-
duced proposes to disembarrass the appropriation,
and put it entirely in the discretion of the Secretary
of War, and to authorize him to expend it as he
may deem most evpedientfor the accomplishment
of the work sought by the appropriation. Then
we are brought to a pretty certain knowledge that
the appropriation will not do the work; but we
authorize n to be expended nevertheless. When
this, then, is expended, more, of course, will be
demanded. What that amount may be, we can-
not now foresee. We are now establishing, how-
ever, the theory that whatever it may be, it shall
be appropriated.
I make these remarks simply that the attention
of the Senate may be called to it. I do not intend
to make any opposition to the passage of the res-
olution, if that be the course which the Senate see
fit to adopt in reference to this work. 1 think,
however, that if, at the time the appropriation was
made, it had been proposed to make it towards
the improvement simply, Congress perhaps would
not have voted it. But it was with the idea, and
in fact, under the assurance given at the time that
the amount would remove the raft, and make the
navigation of the Red river practical, that it was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. My honorable friend from
Wisconsin, I am sorry to say, knew nothing about
this thing whatever in the beginning, and 1 do not
think he knows anything about it in any part of it.
In the first place, at the beginning, there never was
heard such a thing on the face of the earth as that
this amount would remove the raft. The clause
making the appropriation was a part of the river
and harbor bill. It was made by a mere little item
which was stuck into the bill, and the gentleman
never heard of it, or if he did, it floated across
his mind like some dream, and he knew nothing
about the subject. Afterwardsthemembersofthis,
and the other branch of Congress, from Arkansas,
came forward and alleged in regard to this work—
and we believed, too, from representations made
to us—that the whole raft could be removed if we
would put a restriction upon the appropriation,
that we would get men bound by contract and
compelled to remove the whole raft for the sum of
$100,000, by giving the contract to the lowest
bidder who would keep it open for the longest
time. This came up long after the appropriation
was made; and the proposition of the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin, that the sum was originally appropri-
ated in view of the fact that it would remove the
whole raft is all a sheer error. That is the fact in
I regard to that.
Now, the alarm which the Senator expresses,
lest any appropriation should hereafter be made
upon this or a kindred subject, may be extended
to every other appropriation which has been made.
If he will so extend it, I am satisfied thathe shall
oppose this proposition. This has been a feature
engrafted upon every bill from the beginning,
which has had connection with the western waters.
Sir, it is a fact demonstrated by the Bureau of Sub-
sistence and another bureau, the name of which I
forget, that the yearly expenses under our War
Department have been greater, far greater, than
would have removed that raft years ago, if the
money had been appropriated. Those great ex-
penses have been produced entirely in consequence
of that single obstruction there. I allude to the
expenses for the supplies of the troops and forts
in the West, and along upon the northern bound-
aries of Texas.
Now, sir, I see nothing in the world here that
supports the view of this matter presented by the
Senator from Wisconsin, with the solitary excep-
tion that the Senators from Arkansas during the
last session of Congress, and the member of the
other House, equally believed and represented
that the whole raft could be removed for the
amount, and upon their representations had a re-
striction put upon the appropriation. All the
good which the restriction has done—we believed
it would do much good—has been simply to pre-
vent any expenditure or effort to make the im-
provement. It is necessary that the money which
j has been appropriated should be used for the ob-
ject for which it was originally designed. Per-
i haps this is the only item m the river and harbor
' bill, which, in consequence of that restriction
having been put upon it, lies within the power of
Congress to control, and some compunction may
act upon the minds of gentlemen, and lead them
to say that they will prevent the appropriation of
this item; but I beg them not to begin and seize
this small item, the want of which will fall hard
upon that portion of the country for which the
improvement was to be made. Begin the war
upon the whole bill, and do not ask me and the
